London , England  CNN  -- A large protest was happening Saturday in London against the war in Afghanistan , with organizers saying thousands from around the country would take part . Demonstrators were marching from Speakers Corner in Hyde Park to Trafalgar Square , where there were planned speeches from Labour politician Tony Benn , former London Mayor Ken Livingstone , two members of Parliament and others . London 's Metropolitan Police said more than 5,000 people were expected to take part . Former British soldier Joe Glenton was one of those marching . He served in Afghanistan and was jailed when he refused to go back , and Friday , he handed back the veterans badge he received when he left the armed forces . "  There 's a real upswell of support , and there 's something coming , " he told CNN about the anti-war sentiment he sees in Britain . Also at the protest was Mandy Sylvester , who said her son has been in Afghanistan for four weeks with the British Paratrooper Regiment . As protesters behind her held signs reading , "  Cut war not welfare , " Sylvester told CNN the war costs too much and is no longer justified . "  The reason why we 're there has changed three times , to my knowledge , " she said . "  The reason why we 're there now is because we 're there . " The Stop the War Coalition was organizing the demonstration along with the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament  CND  and the British Muslim Initiative . Afghanistan is at the top of the agenda for Saturday 's meeting of NATO leaders in Lisbon , Portugal , where they agreed with the Afghan government to leave international forces there for many years after a planned military transition in 2014 . Protesters called Saturday for the troops to come home , with one saying they are only "  exacerbating the situation " by being in Afghanistan . "  Any development that has happened has n't been for the Afghan people , " said protester Chaz Singh . "  It 's only been for the businesses that have come from America , the U.K. , and Europe . " CNN 's Craig Johnston contributed to this report .	Protesters hold rally in Trafalgar Square It coincides with Saturday 's NATO meeting on Afghanistan Protesters say the war costs too much and is n't justified
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Three leading Iranian reformists who have rejected the results of last month 's election questioned the legitimacy of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's government Wednesday . Mehdi Karrubi is vowing to "  stand by the people and the revolution , until the end of my life . " This comes as Ahmadinejad is set to take office at the end of the month . Presidential candidate Mehdi Karrubi wrote a letter in his party 's newspaper , saying he would not recognize the government and vowing to "  stand by the people and the revolution , until the end of my life . " His statement prompted Iran 's government to block publication of the newspaper . Read Karrubi 's letter PDF Ahmadinejad 's main political rival , Mir Hossein Moussavi , also released a statement Wednesday criticizing the government and its crackdown on the media , which he said has created a "  bitter , coup d'etat atmosphere " in Iran . "  We will stand firmly in order to preserve this valuable accomplishment -LSB- revolution -RSB- , " Moussavi said . "  Unless we succeed in this , this government will not have legitimacy . The system and the heritage of the Islamic revolution are the fruits of our 200-year-old struggle against oppression . "  Read Moussavi 's statement PDF Iran 's former reformist President Mohammad Khatami called on Iranians to keep up the struggle , noting that "  all doors are not yet closed . " Read Khatami 's letter PDF "  We must not lose our social capital this easily , " Khatami told progressive Iranian newspaper Tahlile Rooz . "  I know Moussavi as one of the faithful , original and valuable capitals of our revolution , and considered his return to the political scene as a great chance . " In a separate posting on his Web site , Khatami accused the government of having restricted communications in the country . "  The state-owned media outlet shows the same scenes over and over again , in order to provoke people 's feelings , " he said . "  Where was this media outlet when tens of people were killed and hundreds of people beaten ? " In his statement , Moussavi called for the release of jailed reformists and said he will participate in the creation of a "  legal organization " that will release proof of fraud in the June 12 presidential election and take its case to the courts . He said the current political issue is a "  family dispute " and cautioned against asking for outside help , warning , "  We will regret it . " "  Many " have asked Moussavi to end his struggle and "  close my eyes , " but he warned , "  If we do not stand our grounds now , then we will have no guarantees that we wo n't be at this exact point in the future , face to face with the bitter events of this election . " Karrubi called the actions of the government before and after the controversial June 12 voting "  the foundation for the annulment of the elections , " according to a copy of his letter on the party newspaper 's Web site . "  I will not recognize the legitimacy of the government which has resulted from this process , " Karrubi said in the letter . The 72-year-old cleric also said he "  will not participate in any of its processes , in any way " and said he is "  ready to cooperate with pro-change people and groups . " Karrubi 's party , Etemed Melli , said Iran 's Ministry of Culture and its attorney general prevented the publication of its newspaper because it carried the letter . He and Moussavi have questioned the legitimacy of the vote count of the presidential election that gave Ahmadinejad an overwhelming victory . That outrage sparked bloody street protests and a clampdown on international media coverage , as well as access to certain Web sites . At least 20 protesters were killed in the chaos and more than 1,000 were detained in Tehran , the head of Iranian internal security forces Brig. Esmaeil Ahmadi said , according to Iranian state-run media reports on Wednesday . The actual death toll may be higher , but restrictions on media have made it difficult to verify . Human Rights Watch on Wednesday called on Iran to release prominent Iranian reformist Saeed Hajjarian , who has been imprisoned since June 15 . He is one of several jailed reformists accused of orchestrating the post-election violence in Iran . Hajjarian , 55 , was severely disabled after he was shot in the head in a 2000 assassination attempt that left him confined to a wheelchair with severe brain and spinal cord injuries . His wife , Vajiheh Marsoussi , is a physician and has visited Hajjarian in Tehran 's Evin prison . She told Human Rights Watch that his medical condition was "  deteriorating severely . " Meanwhile , questions surrounded an announcement in government-run Iranian media that Ahmadinejad canceled his trip to Libya on Wednesday . The trip , which had not been finalized , was canceled because of the president 's "  huge workload " at home and "  other priorities , " Iran 's Foreign Ministry spokesman Hassan Qashqavi said , according to the Iranian Students ' News Agency . Four days after the controversial election , Ahmadinejad went to Russia to meet with leaders there , where he was welcomed as the "  newly re-elected president of Iran " despite the ongoing street protests . He returned to Iran that same day . Ahmadinejad will be sworn in before parliament Sunday , July 26 , according to Iranian media reports . He will participate in a ceremony officiated by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei a couple of days later , and then his second term will officially begin .	NEW : Former President Khatami accuses government of restricting communications Mehdi Karrubi says he will not recognize government Mir Hossein Moussavi criticizes government 's crackdown
CNN  -- As the run-up to the 2012 U.S. elections gains momentum , Hispanic Americans may prove to be an especially influential political force . According to a new report , the political mobilization of U.S. Hispanics is an increasingly mobile  as in cell phones  phenomenon . According to Connected Hispanics and Civic Engagement , published recently by the Hispanic Institute , "  The use of cell phones builds upon the cultural affinity for close connections and opens the way for organized political and social action . Three areas in particular demonstrate the power of mobile technology in the Hispanic community : immigration , education and voter registration/mobilization . " The report points out that Hispanics have been leading the U.S. population in terms of embracing mobile technology . For example , last summer Pew found that more than 87 percent of English-speaking U.S. Hispanics owned a cell phone , vs. 80 percent of non-Hispanic whites . Another Pew study found that , compared to the general American population , Hispanics use their cell phones more often , and they use more features on their phones . Additionally , Pew found in 2009 that Hispanics were leading other ethnic groups in mobile internet access . Hispanic mobile civic engagement is n't just limited to smartphones , which so far comprise less than one third of the cell phones in use in the United States . Much of this activity is happening via text messaging , e-mail , the mobile web and social media -- tools available on most "  feature phones "  the next step down from smartphones , and usually the most affordable type of cell phone  . For example , the report notes that in 2006 "  a group of 4,000 Hispanic high school students used MySpace , e-mails , and texting to organize a walkout in protest . The students ' success served as an inspiration for a subsequent major demonstration in April 2006 in Dallas with 350,000 participants . " And in 2009 , two immigration advocacy groups  Reform Immigration FOR America and the Fair Immigration Reform Movement coalition  , ran a successful text messaging campaign . They sent out simple alerts containing key information , calls to action , and quick responses to breaking news . They gathered feedback via text messaging . Organizers credit this with increased attendance at rallies and hearings in 2009 compared to previous rallies in 2008 . Cell phones also played a leading role in mobilizing the 10,000 Nevada voters that the Hispanic Institute signed up during its 2009 voter registration drive : "  Once individuals were registered to vote , they were sent numerous text messages to remind them about early voting , voting site locations , availability of transportation to the voting sites , updates about ballot initiatives , and other information . Additionally , voters were given contact information and a central location for in-person contacts . This two-way mobile network allowed voters to access information when it was most convenient to them . " Furthermore , "  THI staff were able use text messaging to gauge how many of the newly registered voters had taken part in early voting or were likely to wait until Nov. 2 . With this real-time data , THI staff were able to then target particular neighborhoods , and even specific addresses , for additional in-person follow up . " THI believes that mobile apps increasingly will drive Hispanic civic engagement . A 2010 Pew report indicates that U.S. Hispanic smartphone owners are avidly embracing apps , for everything from video sharing to banking and more . And in general , apps are becoming a key tool for all kinds of political and advocacy campaigns -- from candidate-driven to grassroots . Apps may indeed fuel future Hispanic civic engagement . But if the goal is to reach a large and economically diverse group such as Hispanics , smartphone apps are just one part of an integrated mobile strategy . Other vital components of effective engagement efforts include simpler Java-based apps  designed to run on feature phones via platforms such as Snaptu and GetJar  , mobile web sites , social media , e-mail , and text messaging . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Hispanic Americans may prove to be an especially influential political force in 2012 U.S. elections Institute believes that mobile apps increasingly will drive Hispanic civic engagement Hispanics have been leading the U.S. population in terms of embracing mobile technology
Honiara , Solomon Islands  CNN  -- Prince William and Catherine , the duchess of Cambridge , will file a criminal complaint against the photographer who took topless pictures of her , the palace said Sunday evening . The complaint will be given to a French prosecutor on Monday , Britain 's Press Association reported . Earlier , the palace said Britain 's royal family will go to court Monday to stop the publication of more topless photos . Lawyers for the royals will be seeking damages and a Paris court order preventing the photos from being published again . They also want existing photos taken offline , the palace spokesman told CNN . The French magazine Closer ran photos last week of Catherine sunbathing topless in private . Chi , an Italian gossip magazine owned by the same company , has said it will put out a special edition on Monday with photos of William and Catherine on vacation . Kate upset about topless photos The royal couple is not pursuing legal action in other countries currently , the palace spokesman said , although the photos have also been published in Ireland . The palace expressed outrage last week that the French magazine published the pictures , comparing the invasion of privacy to those suffered by William 's late mother , Diana , princess of Wales . William and Catherine were said to be "  hugely saddened " by what palace officials called a "  grotesque " invasion of privacy while they were on a private vacation . But the Irish Daily Star went on to print the pictures on Saturday . Palace officials slammed the newspaper 's decision as driven only by greed . But editor Mike O'Kane told the BBC that outrage over the images was only felt in Britain and that readers in the Republic of Ireland wanted to know what all the "  kerfuffle " was about . He was "  a little taken aback by the reaction in the UK , " he said , saying the newspaper was treating Catherine no differently from any other celebrity . "  She 's not the future queen of Ireland so really the only place this is causing fury seems to be in the UK , " he said , suggesting that the British press were behaving with some hypocrisy . O'Kane said the Irish Daily Star was reproducing the images as published in Closer on Friday rather than buying them directly . The pictures are not being published in the Northern Ireland edition . Northern Ireland is part of the United Kingdom . Pacific welcome awaits William and Kate The latest controversy comes only three weeks after the British royal family was caught up in a media furor over images of William 's younger brother , Prince Harry , partying naked in his Las Vegas hotel room with a group of girls . In a sign of how divisive the issue of royal privacy has become , a co-owner of the Irish Daily Star , media group Northern & Shell , said it in no way backed the newspaper 's decision to run the pictures of Catherine . In a statement , the company -- which runs the Irish Daily Star in a joint venture with Independent News & Media , but does not exert editorial control over it -- said it was "  profoundly dismayed " by the move . "  We abhor the decision of the Irish Daily Star to publish these intrusive pictures of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , which we , like St James 's Palace , believe to be a grotesque invasion of their privacy , " Northern & Shell 's communications director Mimi Turner said . Northern & Shell also owns the Daily Express and the Daily Star , among other British publications , which have not run the pictures of Catherine , nor of Prince Harry . William , who is second in line to the throne , and his wife are on an official tour of southeast Asian nations . They were due in the Solomon Islands Sunday on the next leg of a tour that has been overshadowed by the furor over the photographs . Catherine was "  upset " with Closer magazine , a palace source told CNN . Mondadori told CNN it plans to run 26 pages of photographs of William and Kate on vacation in an "  extraordinary " special edition to go on sale in Italy on Monday . Chi 's front cover will also feature three revealing pictures of Catherine , according to a copy of the page and statement sent by Mondadori spokeswoman Carmen Mugione via e-mail . "  It is a story worth publishing in an extraordinary edition because it shows in a natural light the everyday life of a very famous contemporary young couple in love , " Chi 's editor-in-chief , Alfonso Signorini , is quoted as saying in the statement . "  The fact that they happen to be the future king and queen of England certainly makes it more interesting and current , and in line with today 's concept of monarchy . " A St. James 's Palace spokeswoman said : "  Any such publication would serve no purpose other than to cause further , entirely unjustifiable upset to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , who were enjoying time alone together in the privacy of a relative 's home . " Opinion : British privacy should start with British press According to Mondadori 's website , Closer has an average weekly circulation of about 414,000 , while Chi sells more than 340,000 copies a week . Marina Berlusconi , daughter of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , has been chairwoman of the media group since 2003 . Legal analysts suggest the company hopes to recoup any legal costs and fines it may incur by increasing sales , thanks to the revealing pictures . The grainy pictures published by Closer in France appear to have been taken with a long camera lens while the couple was staying at a private chateau belonging to William 's uncle in Provence , in southern France . The new privacy controversies have dredged up the royal family 's often rocky relationship with the press and put a spotlight on how the palace deals with the media after the tragic death of Diana , as she fled photographers in Paris 15 years ago . Laurence Pieau , editor-in-chief of Closer in France , defended the decision to publish the images in an interview with CNN affiliate BFM-TV , saying : "  We were just doing our job . " Pieau said that there had been no debate at the magazine over whether to publish the photos , and that they show the royals "  are just like any other couple in love . " UK tabloid prints naked Prince Harry pictures On Saturday the management of Closer said the photos "  are in no case degrading . " French law provides for "  draconian sanctions " to protect against this kind of behavior , Briitsh lawyer Charlotte Harris said , including orders to take magazines off shelves and the imposition of serious fines . But even if distribution of the images is contained to a degree , Harris said , the damage is done to the extent that very private information about the duchess has now become public knowledge . No UK newspaper has so far published the photographs of Catherine . The British media is currently under close scrutiny after revelations of phone hacking and other abuses . The conclusions of an independent judge-led inquiry , which may recommend greater restrictions on media freedoms , are expected by the end of the year . After Diana : How can intimate royal photos be published in France ? CNN 's Alex Felton , Per Nyberg , Laura Smith-Spark and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : William and Catherine will file a criminal complaint against the photographer Lawyers for the royal family will seek damages and a court order in Paris on Monday Topless photos of Catherine , duchess of Cambridge , are published in France and Ireland The editor of the Irish Daily Star says Catherine is no different from any other celebrity
CNN  -- Remember Netflix , that little video rental outfit that sent you DVDs via the U.S. mail ? The one whose red envelopes would arrive with dulling regularity and sit near your television for months on end as you attempted to catch up on your DVR recordings ? It 's playing with the big boys now . Netflix is , of course , no longer just a DVD rental service . It also streams movies and TV series -- including its own . On Thursday morning , Netflix received the ultimate recognition . One of the company 's original series , "  House of Cards , " was nominated for best drama for the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards . Another , "  Arrested Development , " received a nod for actor Jason Bateman . A third , "  Hemlock Grove , " got two nominations . See the complete list of nominations "  House of Cards " is going up against veterans such as "  Breaking Bad , " "  Mad Men , " "  Downton Abbey , " "  Game of Thrones " and "  Homeland " for Emmy 's most prestigious award . The series earned nine nominations overall , including lead acting nods for Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright . The broadcast networks may want to take notes . Not a single show on ABC , CBS , NBC , Fox or the CW was nominated for best drama , though network sitcoms such as "  The Big Bang Theory , " "  Modern Family " and the now-defunct "  30 Rock " were nominated for best comedy along with HBO 's "  Girls " and "  Veep " and FX 's "  Louie . " It 's a trend that 's been developing for years , as the broadcast networks have opted for franchising  "  NCIS , " "  CSI , " "  Law & Order "  and reboots  "  Hawaii Five-O "  over the complex , often serialized dramas that the cable networks have used to get publicity and establish a foothold in the medium . Nevertheless , it 's surprising that such hits as "  Scandal , " "  The Good Wife , " "  Once Upon a Time " and "  Person of Interest " failed to earn enough support to nudge their way into the category . Original programming was a major gamble for Netflix , which had noticed how people had started "  binge-watching " shows such as "  Breaking Bad " -- watching entire seasons of popular series in one or two gulps . The service invested $ 100 million in "  House of Cards , " based on a British series from the 1990s . The bet paid off with increased subscriptions and a huge amount of media coverage -- coverage that was multiplied when Netflix decided to put "  Arrested Development " back into production . Despite its cult following and major critical success , "  Development " had been canceled after just three seasons on Fox in the early 2000s .  Creator Mitch Hurwitz had famously begged TV audiences to watch his low-rated show after it won a best comedy Emmy in 2004 . Ted Sarandos , Netflix 's chief content officer said , "  We are overwhelmed with 14 nominations and honored by a warm welcome which corroborates what we have always believed , that great television is great television regardless of where , when and how it is enjoyed . " Of course , "  Arrested Development " supporters can argue the show still gets no respect . The show did n't get a nomination for best comedy , though star Bateman did get a nod for best actor in a comedy . The show got three nominations overall . "  American Horror Story : Asylum , " the follow-up to the well-received "  American Horror Story , " led all programming with 17 nominations , followed by HBO 's "  Game of Thrones " with 16 and "  Saturday Night Live " with 15 .  The HBO movie "  Behind the Candelabra " also got 15 nominations .  Perennial Emmy leaders "  Breaking Bad " and "  Mad Men " also did well , nabbing 13 and 12 nominations , respectively . "  The Amazing Race " was nominated for best reality competition show for the 11th consecutive year . The show has won the category every year except 2010 , when "  Top Chef " -- also up in the category -- won . "  Behind the Candelabra " earned nominations for best TV movie or miniseries . Both lead actors , Michael Douglas and Matt Damon , earned nominations for their performances as Liberace and Liberace 's partner , Scott Thorsen . HBO 's "  Phil Spector " did well , with nominations for stars Al Pacino , Helen Mirren and the film itself . "  Downton Abbey , " PBS ' juggernaut about an early 20th-century group of fraying British aristocrats , earned 12 nominations , including lead actor recognition for Hugh Bonneville and Michelle Dockery . "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart " and "  The Colbert Report " are up for outstanding variety series . "  Honored to be nominated for an Emmy this morning , " said Jimmy Fallon , who scored a nod for his "  Late Night with Jimmy Fallon . " "  Takes the sting away from being snubbed by the ESPYs last night . " There were a handful of surprises . Vera Farmiga picked up a best actress-drama nomination for "  Bates Motel , " the A&E series based on characters from "  Psycho . " Betty White -- now 91 and more popular than ever -- received a nomination for hosting her comedy-reality show , "  Betty White 's Off Their Rockers . " "  Mad Men 's " Elisabeth Moss was nominated for both that show and the miniseries "  Top of the Lake . " And "  Scandal 's " Kerry Washington -- rising quickly on the chatter of her much-talked-about series -- received a best actress-drama nomination . HBO led all networks with a whopping 108 nominations . NBC and CBS tied for second ; both got 53 . And Netflix , though down the list , got 14 . With the service rolling out more series -- "  Orange Is the New Black " just got started , and another season of "  House of Cards " is on the way -- expect many more in the future . The Emmys will be broadcast Sunday , September 22 . The show will air on CBS .	Netflix 's "  House of Cards " in Emmy race "  Breaking Bad , " "  Mad Men , " "  30 Rock " get Emmy noms "  American Horror Story : Asylum , " "  Game of Thrones " are leaders Emmys will air September 22
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When powerlifting coach Nicola Vaughan-Ellis wanted to create a winning formula for her athletes , she did n't head to the weight room . Instead , she found herself in the classroom . Coach Nicola Vaughan-Ellis with athletes from Great Britain 's powerlifting team . Head coach of Great Britain 's powerlifting squad , Vaughan-Ellis participated in a course that 's designed to boost the leadership and management skills of coaches . Vaughan-Ellis 's responsibilities run the gamut from identifying up-and-coming talent to developing training programs . She had friends who were corporate performance directors , and realizing the skills they had were applicable to her own line of work , she decided to pursue a professional development course designed for coaches . "  We expect athletes to be the best they can be . Our responsibility as coaches is to be the best we can be , " Vaughan-Ellis told CNN . In pursuit of becoming better managers and leaders , players in the business world have long turned to executive education programs . Elite coaches are taking a cue from business and turning to tailored programs too . In the run up to the 2012 Olympic Games in London , the desire to develop high caliber coaches is ramping up in the UK , said John Neal of Ashridge Business School , where Vaughan-Ellis took the coaching course . "  A lot of coach development work -LSB- in the UK -RSB- is ad hoc . It 's becoming more clearly defined , but our vision is to establish a more development pathway for coaches , " he told CNN . Vaughan-Ellis trains about 20 powerlifters as part of a program that was established to prepare athletes in Great Britain for major competitive events like the 2012 Olympics and Paralympics . Nutritionists , psychologists , fitness coaches and sports scientists are all focused on a goal of helping athletes achieve a performance edge , she says . But coaches also need to make sure they make the best decisions for their athletes . That requires a broad range of skills , from understanding the athlete experience and identifying particular challenges they may encounter as well as having a firm understanding of where funding comes from and making sure it 's spent wisely "  We prepare our athletes to be the best in the world . But we also have to make sure that we are making the best choices for them , " she said . Ashridge , which specializes in customized education programs , has been running sport coaching courses since 2001 . Its core World Class Sport Coach Development program is endorsed by the British Olympic Association . The course is made up of 10 one-day master classes that are spread out over a period of about 10 months . In a typical meeting , coaches are given scenarios , break up into groups for discussion and then present their responses to the class . The program is flexible so coaches can focus on the skills they want to improve . A wide range of topics are covered , from communication , negotiation and team building skills to body language , motivation and development of young players . Neal estimates that about 160 coaches have completed the coaching program since it was launched . Most participants are UK-based , but coaches come from around the world and represent a long list of sports that includes diving , swimming , rugby , hockey , shooting and cricket . Coaches have few opportunities to share their knowledge . According to Neal , that 's one reason why the course has been popular . One measure of its success : Many coaches , like Vaughan-Ellis , participate more than once . Due to a lack of funding , however , coaches oftentimes end up paying for the course themselves . Ashridge heavily subsidizes the program and charges # 2,000 , just about a quarter of what it actually costs to run it . But in return , the business school gets a unique perspective on decision making that is fed back into its executive education programs , Neal said . Elite coaches have a lot to offer companies , especially in the current economic downturn , Neal said . More businesses are under pressure to maximize efficiency , and many want to learn from the sport experience , since coaches are required to achieve results quickly . With 2012 less than three years away , Vaughan-Ellis is planning to return to Ashridge for a refresher . She says one of the advantages of the program is that it helps coaches deal with pressure by teaching them how to cope with and embrace change . That 's an invaluable skill in athletics . "  Sport is change , " she said . "  You 're only as good as your last competition or as strong as your weakest link . You have to move forward and constantly evolve . "	With 2012 Games approaching , focus on coach development on the rise in UK Elite coaches turn to program run by Ashridge Business School to build skills Course designed to transfer lessons from business world to sport
Mexico City  CNN  -- While an estimated 10,000 women are victims of human trafficking in Mexico 's capital , there were only 40 investigations of the crime and three convictions in the city last year , according to a report issued this week . The discrepancy is an "  alarming figure " that shows a need to improve laws and policies , according to a study on human trafficking and sexual exploitation from Mexico City 's human rights commission , which calls the phenomenon a "  new form of slavery . " "  The authorities are not investigating , nor are they asking witnesses , " said Eva Reyes , investigation coordinator at the Antonio de Montesinos Center for Social and Cultural Studies , one of the partners of the study . Cultural norms and social stigma prevent people from realizing that many prostitutes lingering in dark alleys of Mexico City are victims , officials said as they presented the report Wednesday . "  They are seen as people who are doing it freely . That is the first obstacle to justice , " Reyes said . More on modern-day slavery : The CNN Freedom Project Authorities in Mexico City announced Monday that they had rescued 62 victims of a forced-prostitution ring -- including a 13-year-old girl . Five men and two women who police say ran the ring were arrested after an investigation that started when a minor involved reported the suspects to authorities . One victim told investigators that she was forced into prostitution in Mexico City after meeting two men in Oaxaca , a city more than 460 kilometers  288 miles  away . "  After chatting with her , the victim told him that she was a domestic worker and the accused offered her a more comfortable life with well-paid work , and in a second encounter he convinced her to come live with him , " the statement said . Such approaches are a common tactic for those involved in human trafficking , who frequently target women and girls in smaller cities outside the capital , Reyes said . In the southern border state of Chiapas , Central American women are frequently a target , Reyes said . But regardless of where victims are recruited , she said , they often pass through -- or end up -- in Mexico City , a sprawling metropolis of more than 21 million people . "  In one case , 107 trafficking victims , both Mexican and foreign citizens , were freed from a factory disguised as a drug rehabilitation center in Mexico City ; many of them had been kidnapped , and all were subjected to forced labor , " according to 2010 report on human trafficking from the U.S. State Department . The State Department report noted that authorities had conducted raids on brothels suspected in human trafficking and a special prosecutor for trafficking in Mexico City sentenced one offender to 10 years in prison last year , "  the first sentence under Mexico 's federal anti-trafficking law and Mexico City 's local anti-trafficking law . " But more needs to be done , this week 's human rights commission report said . "  The high number of women who are victims of human trafficking are not achieving access to judicial resources and because of this , the large majority of these incidents remain in impunity . ... Their rights remain unprotected , " it said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Mexico City 's human rights commission calls it a "  new form of slavery " The report is released days after authorities rescue 62 victims of a forced-prostitution ring Victims ' rights "  remain unprotected , " the study says Researcher : "  The authorities are not investigating , nor are they asking witnesses "
SANTA BARBARA , California  CNN  -- Berkeley Breathed answers the door to his Santa Barbara home , a tall , slender figure in suede cowboy boots . Berkeley Breathed has left comic strips behind to focus on his writing -- particularly children 's books . But before he can extend a hand in greeting , he 's nudged aside by a canine companion eager to introduce herself . "  Pickles " offers a hearty welcome , vigorously shaking a tail that seems powerful enough to whack a lamp from an end table . The pit bull is one of a number of dogs that Breathed and his wife , Jody , have rescued over the years . His affection and concern for dogs form the heart of "  Flawed Dogs : The Shocking Raid on Westminster "  Philomel Books  , Breathed 's new illustrated novel , whose hero is a resilient dachshund with a soup ladle for a leg . Gallery : The art of Berkeley Breathed " It 's the latest children 's work from Breathed , the Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist behind "  Bloom County " and "  Opus , " who 's had great success with the genre . The earlier "  Mars Needs Moms ! " is set to be made into a movie produced by Robert Zemeckis . Breathed invited CNN to his mountainside home for a rare interview , which touched on topics ranging from his book to Michael Vick , Charles Schulz and his famous pen pal , Harper Lee . Watch Breathed read from "  Flawed Dogs " " The following is an edited version of the conversation : CNN : The hero of your book is quite an unusual dog . Berkeley Breathed : Sam the Lion he 's called , by Heidi -LSB- the girl -RSB- who finds him . ... The central part of the story is the fall of Sam from Heidi 's life and into the depths of horrors that dogs can sometimes experience in our world -- everything from being shot at , to research labs , to the worst dog shelters amongst the world of otherwise nice dog shelters , and he comes for revenge upon Cassius -LSB- a rival -RSB- . And Cassius is going to appear at the Westminster Dog Show coming up , so Sam has got to find a team of commandos to help him infiltrate and destroy the Westminster Dog Show . CNN : What was the inspiration for the story ? Breathed : The book happened because I came across both a picture and a quote at about the same time -- a picture of one of Michael Vick 's fight dogs . It was set to be put down , but a shelter in Utah decided to take the dog and a few others at the same time and try to rehabilitate them . ... This was the first time the dog had ever received any affection in its life . ... It 's the most moving picture of a dog I 've ever seen , having gone through an impossible transition and fallen back to where dogs naturally go , which is just loving people . CNN : "  Flawed Dogs " is put out by the "  young readers " division of the publisher . Breathed : I notice it 's getting a little bit of controversy in that people are coming to it assuming that it 's for the same audience that my picture books are for . And "  Flawed Dogs " the novel is definitely not . It 's perfect for an 8-year-old , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , but I would n't read this in the evening to my 5-year-old . And there is a difference . ... It 's revealed an issue that I 'm surprised about , which is the new preciousness that 's been brought to literature for children now . There is an abject fear of instilling any sort of dramatic trauma , of sadness , on the children who are receiving a story . ... And of course that was never a great concern in the past . The great children 's stories that we all grew up with , there are always moments of great tragedy and moving moments of loss in the book that we were n't afraid of -- as long as you bring them -LSB- young readers -RSB- back by the end and bring them to where a reader should be , a child should be . CNN : You do n't do a daily or a weekly comic strip anymore . How has that transition been ? Breathed : If this was still 1985 and everything that means ... it would still be deeply appealing to be a cartoonist . But not now . I 'm happy to leave that behind . The level of political rancor -- powered and driven by Web comment and cable news to a degree -- affects me like everybody else , and I get angry and I get annoyed and I get frustrated and that always translates into mediocre cartoons historically . ... I was getting too angry the last couple of years of cartooning , and it does n't do the art any good . I 'm very happy to let that go . CNN : When did you first discover , "  Wow , I can actually draw " ? Breathed : I could never really draw something . It was , "  Wow , I can actually draw or write something that amuses somebody . " And that was a dawning that did n't happen until college . ... The greatest cartoonists ever have really been very mediocre artists . Charles Schulz was always quick to admit that his skills in artistry were limited at best . And in his case it served the strip perfectly . If "  Peanuts " had been drawn with the artistry of "  Pogo " and a Disney animator , it would n't have worked . CNN : Animals were an integral part of your comic strips . Breathed : I knew that I wanted a strip with people but the focus on an animal , and an incongruous animal . ... So I looked around largely at an animal that had n't been done before in comic strips , an animal that is generally attractive to people and people feel immediately warm to and that just would be funny . You end up with a penguin pretty fast . Plus , he 's already standing , and he 's kind of got clothes on . CNN : Who are your heroes ? Breathed : "  To Kill a Mockingbird " was a huge influence on my work . Harper Lee and I have over the years exchanged letters , which has been a massive delight . I can tell you that when I announced the end of my comic-stripping career and that Opus -LSB- the penguin -RSB- was not only going to fade away but fade away permanently , I got a letter from Harper urging me to reconsider letting Opus go away forever . I should have written back and said , "  The moment you bring Scout back , I 'll bring Opus back . Is that a deal , Harper ? " Of all the people who should not be chastising me about stopping my career early , it would be Harper Lee . Opus really is a bit like Scout in that he 's circulating around in his world , and he 's surrounded by a lot of insanity , a lot of hatred , a lot of intolerance and ... he 's the ultimate innocent at the center of it . And that 's how Scout worked in that story . I suppose I needed an Atticus Finch for Opus , but I never had time to develop one . ... I 'm not an artist who is trying to be a novelist . I 've always been a writer and the art was the way to sell the writing and it 's been convenient in that way . ... I 'd be happy to leave that all and just be a writer if I could get away with it . I do n't think I can at this point . They -LSB- readers -RSB- expect the pictures . I 'm happy to oblige .	Berkeley Breathed 's new book , "  Flawed Dogs , " inspired by photo of abused dog After seeing picture , Breathed says he wanted to do story about dog horrors , rescue Breathed best known for comic strips "  Bloom County " and "  Opus " Among his fans : Harper Lee , who he says asked him not to end the Opus character
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Elvis Presley 's death became a controversy at the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial as a man who promoted both artists ' last tours testified . AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware testified Wednesday that Presley died of a drug overdose , but when his own lawyer questioned him Thursday he changed his testimony to say Elvis died of a heart ailment . Presley collapsed in the bathroom of his Memphis , Tennessee , mansion -- Graceland -- on August 16 , 1977 , at the age of 42 . While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem . How Presley died is relevant because Jackson lawyers argue Gongaware 's experience as Elvis 's promoter should have made him more aware of drug abuse by artists , including Michael Jackson . He was in charge of producing Jackson 's "  This Is It " concert when Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 , at the age of 50 . The coroner ruled his death was caused by a fatal combination of sedatives and the surgical anesthetic propofol . Dr. Conrad Murray told investigators he gave Jackson nightly infusions of propofol to treat his insomnia . He was convicted of involuntary manslaughter , sentenced to four years in prison . Promoter grilled about ` smoking gun ' e-mail in trial Jackson 's mother and children are suing AEG Live , contending the concert promoter is liable in his death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Murray . AEG Live lawyers argue their executives had no way of knowing -- or reason to suspect -- that Jackson was abusing drugs as he prepared for the "  This Is It " concerts they were promoting and producing . "  I had no idea " Jackson was using propofol in the weeks before his death , Gongaware testified . Although he worked advance promotion on Elvis Presley 's last tours -- under the direction of Presley manager Colonel Tom Parker -- Gongaware testified he never met Presley . "  Did you understand he had a problem with drugs ? " AEG lawyer Marvin Putnam asked . "  I understood that later , " Gongaware said . "  There was a period of time when we did n't work . I did n't understand at the time , but I learned that it was a drug problem and the Colonel said he could n't work . " Jackson lawyer Brian Panish confronted Gongaware with two e-mails he sent two weeks after Jackson 's death in response to condolence messages from friends . They both read : "  I was working on the Elvis tour when he died so I kind of knew what to expect . Still quite a shock . " But under questioning from Putnam , Gongaware said he did n't mean that he expected Jackson to die like Elvis . He was referring to the trauma of people losing their jobs because a tour is canceled , he said . Promoter : ' I kind of knew what was going to happen ' to Jackson ' I do n't recall ' AEG 's lawyer tried to rehabilitate Gongaware 's credibility with jurors , who sometimes laughed at his repetition of "  I do n't recall " several dozen times under questioning by Panish . After the jury left the courtroom Wednesday , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelas commented on the number of "  I do n't recall " responses . "  We 've had a lot of that , " she said . "  How much more of that ? " "  Why could you not recall e-mails ? " Putnam asked him Thursday . "  I had not reviewed them and had not seen them in years , " Gongaware answered . Some of the e-mails were new to him because he was so busy putting Jackson 's tour together that he never read them , he said . "  Mostly , it was just a time factor if it was something that did n't have to do with me . " Outside of court , Panish suggested it was Putnam 's job as Gongaware 's lawyer to prepare him by having him review e-mails before questioning . CNN exclusively obtained video of Gongaware 's deposition recorded in December and played this week for jurors . Gongaware struggled in the deposition when Panish asked him about the e-mail Jackson lawyers call their "  smoking gun " -- because it contradicts AEG 's argument that they never hired or supervised Dr. Murray . They say Gongaware 's e-mail , sent 11 days before Jackson 's death , shows AEG Live executives used Murray 's fear of losing his lucrative job as Jackson 's personal physician to pressure him to have Jackson ready for rehearsals despite his fragile health . It was Gongaware 's reply to an e-mail from show director Kenny Ortega expressing concerns that Murray had kept Jackson from a rehearsal the day before . Ortega also raised his own concerns about Jackson 's health . "  We want to remind  Murray  that it is AEG , not MJ , who is paying his salary . We want to remind him what is expected of him , " Gongaware wrote . But in his video deposition he said he could not remember writing it . After conceding that he wrote it , Gongaware then seemed unable to explain what he meant by the e-mail . AEG exec called Jackson ` freak ' before signing concert contract "  He needs cheeseburgers " AEG Live 's production manager for Jackson 's tour e-mailed Gongaware 10 days before Jackson 's death that perhaps what the singer needed to turn around his deteriorating health was to be feed some junk food : "  He needs some cheeseburgers with a bunch of Wisconsin cheesehead bowlers ... and a couple of brats and beers . Jeez . " John "  Bugzee " Houghdahl wrote a more serious assessment of Jackson 's condition four days later : "  I have watched him deteriorate in front of my eyes over the last 8 weeks . He was able to do multiple 360 spins back in April . He 'd fall on his ass if he tried now . " Gongaware testified that he disagreed with Houghdahl 's opinion , saying he had no "  particular concern " about Jackson 's health and ability to perform . MJ looked ` Skeletal ' AEG Live President Randy Phillips sent Gongaware an e-mail after Jackson 's death to make sure he did not use certain rehearsal video in the "  This Is It " documentary because it made Jackson look too thin : "  Make sure we take out the shots of MJ in that red leather jacket at the soundstage where the mini-movies were being filmed . He looked way too thin and skeletal . " Gongaware testified that he did not know why Phillips would ask that . "  We did n't keep anything out based on what Randy wanted . " Another e-mail suggested Gongaware was concerned that musicians , dancers and singers who worked on the show might tell interviewers after Jackson 's death that he was unhealthy at rehearsals . "  The only thing we ask is that they keep it positive and stress that MJ was active , engaged , and not the emaciated person some want to paint him as being , " he wrote in an e-mail approving their interviews . Gongaware is expected to remain on the witness stand through Monday .	AEG Live Co-CEO promoted last tours of Elvis and Michael Jackson Jackson lawyers say his experience with Elvis should 've prepared him for MJ AEG 's lawyer works to rehab witness after repeated "  I do n't recall " answers Paul Gongaware wrote ` smoking gun ' e-mail
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- If September 11 , 2001 , was the day everything changed , then April 15 , 2013 , serves as another reminder of that change , of our frailties and of a new reality in which "  it ca n't happen here " has been replaced by "  it can happen anywhere . " When initial reports came out of Boston about two explosions occurring near the finish line of the 116th marathon -- a marathon that began with 26 seconds of silence in honor of the 26 victims of the Newtown massacre -- we held our collective breaths and hoped it was a freak infrastructure accident . Or compromised electrical wiring . Or a gas leak . Anything other than ... President Barack Obama did not say the word "  terrorism " in his brief address , perhaps waiting until more facts are learned . We do n't know how many are responsible , we do n't know motive , if any , and we do n't know whether it 's domestic or foreign . But we do know the FBI said the explosions were well-planned . We know the Boston Marathon is seen around the world . And we know three people are dead , including an 8-year-old boy , more than 100 are injured , and countless lives have been scarred . Get up-to-the-minute updates on CNN.com 's live blog So if September 11 , 2001 , was the day our innocence was taken , then April 15 , 2013 , is the reminder that it is never coming back . And we do not need the president to say the word to feel the word . It is felt each time we have to take off our shoes at the airport , have an TSA officer pat us down , throw away a tube of toothpaste because it 's over the allotted 3.4 ounces . The FAA temporarily restricted flights over the bombing site while security was increased in cities as far away as Miami and Los Angeles . We do not need the president to say the word to feel it . I was in central London earlier this month and was having a difficult time finding a garbage can whenever I had something to discard . Finally , I asked some of the residents why it was so hard to find one and was reminded that the Irish Republican Army hid bombs in garbage cans during the 1990s and as a result they are still seen as a security threat . This is what happens when evil like the kind experienced in Boston takes away our innocence . It forces us to empty our pockets , have our bags inspected and remove trash cans from the streets of a major international city . We do n't need the president to say the word to be reminded constantly that if we see something , we need to say something , blurring the lines between a healthy awareness of our surroundings and irrational paranoia . But then again , is our paranoia that irrational if something as celebratory as the Boston Marathon is no longer a safe place to be ? If September 11 , 2001 , made you cry , then April 15 , 2013 , should make you angry . All of the laws , the creation of Homeland Security , the trillions spent , the political grandstanding and debates and yet the best we can do is make the country safer . We will never , ever be safe again . Not in the way many of us remember being safe growing up . When I 'm in a large crowded space , I check for emergency exits ... and I hate it . But like love and good , evil is an omnipresent force imposing itself on the rest of society like an untreatable cancer . So while Obama telling the American people those responsible will "  feel the full weight of justice , " we are haunted by the fact that "  justice " wo n't bring the victims back . "  Justice " wo n't undo the fear embedded in the people who were closest to the blast . "  Justice " wo n't take us back to September 10 , 2001 ... back before the word "  terrorism " was on the tip of every American 's tongue . And make no mistake , while the president did not use that word in his news conference , that is the word federal authorities are using . Does n't matter if the culprits of this heinous act came from afar or home . The origin of the person or persons responsible wo n't bring us the peace that we took for granted not so long ago . That peace is gone , forever . Our children will hear stories about this peace and our children 's children will treat it as a fairy tale . If April 15 , 2013 , was the day the Boston Marathon became a target for terrorism , then September 11 , 2001 , was the day we all were warned that it would be . Since then nothing has been the same . Nothing will be the same . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : April 15 , 2013 , bombings a reminder of ever-present threat of terrorism He says September 11 , 2001 , changed our world ; now we know "  safety " is n't going to return President Obama did n't use word "  terrorism " but everyone knows that 's what it 's about , he says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- For more than a year , the criminal justice students jotted details of Chandra Levy 's final movements onto a huge timeline taped to a classroom wall , culled the Internet and public records for scraps of information , and pored over the model skeleton laid out on a table in their lab at Bauder College in Atlanta , Georgia . Antonio Wilson , from left clockwise , Lashaun Bates , Jennifer Gosdin and Charna-Marie Dixon . They spent hours with the slain intern 's mother , Susan Levy , who flew from her home in California to Atlanta just to talk to them . Chandra Levy had studied criminal justice in college , too . They began with a list of five suspects , then narrowed it down to one . On December 28 , they mailed their findings to the police chief in Washington , D.C. . They never heard back . But on Saturday , the text and phone messages began to fly . There 's a suspect , they told each other with excitement . An arrest is imminent . "  It completely validates 15 months of work , " their teacher , Sheryl McCollum , said that Saturday morning . "  We knew this case was solvable . There was no reason for it not to be solved . " Meet the members of the campus crime club " A week ago , the police chief in Washington , D.C. , called Levy 's parents and told them a suspect in the 2001 slaying soon would be arrested . "  I got a call from the Washington police department , just to give me a heads up that there 's a warrant out for the arrest , " said Susan Levy , the victim 's mother . She added that police did not provide a name , but sources later identified him to CNN as Ingmar Guandique . Guandique is serving a 10-year prison sentence for two assaults in Washington 's Rock Creek Park that occurred around the time of Levy 's disappearance . Levy 's remains were found in the park . For the Bauder College students , the break in the case was no cause for self-congratulations . They ca n't disclose their findings to the public . It 's part of the deal they make at the start of each investigation . Even though they could n't name their suspect , or even discuss details of what they found , they did n't carry themselves like people who had missed the mark when they met with CNN on Monday . There were big smiles and , in more reflective moments , small tears . Antonio Wilson and Jennifer Gosdin , two students who last year shared logs of their progress with CNN , said they hoped Levy 's mother , father and brother can now find some comfort and peace . If they were able to help the Levys in some way , they are glad . Wilson , who hopes to be a probation officer , said he got more out of the experience than he ever expected . "  It 's not my area , but I loved it , " he said . "  Once you get involved in it , it becomes personal , " Gosdin agreed . For Naomi Barkley and La-Shawn Bates , the case got personal when they met Susan Levy . "  You could see the hurt in her face , " Bates recalled . "  You ca n't help but want to make it right for her . McCollum was in Florida with her family when the news of a suspect broke . She was on the phone with Susan Levy before the sun came up in California . Yes , Levy said , it 's true , adding that she was grateful to the students for keeping people focused on her daughter 's case , McCollum recalled . McCollum worked as a victims ' advocate in the criminal justice system in Fulton County , Georgia , for 25 years before taking a teaching job at Bauder College . In 2005 , she launched the Cold Case Investigations Research Institute . It 's a fancy name for a campus crime club . The students are n't graded , and they do n't receive class credits . But the payoff for the hours they invest includes hands-on experience working real cases and access to experts and criminal justice professionals . Using real-life cases is the best way to groom the next generation of crime-solvers , McCollum believes . Many of the 850 students at Bauder College juggle full-time jobs and families with their course work . About 80 of them are members of the crime club . They are joined by students at two other campuses : Auburn University-Montgomery and Faulkner University in Alabama . Auburn students examined crime scene and geographic details , while Faulkner students delved into the victim 's profile . The Bauder students focused on the suspects . Past cases include Tupac Shakur , the hip-hop artist gunned down in Las Vegas , Nevada , and Wayne Williams , the man convicted in the Atlanta child murders case . Students found the Williams case solvable , but Shakur 's slaying was ruled "  undetermined . " The Levy investigation was deemed "  solvable . " It seemed to carry special meaning for the students . "  With Chandra , she was a criminal justice major at one time , and she had aspirations of going into the federal government ; a lot of our students do as well , " McCollum said at the outset of the project . "  The students became completely dedicated once they met the family members of the victims , " McCollum said . "  The victims are real people , the cases are real cases , and the research is real investigative work . "	Group ca n't divulge whom it named as a suspect in Chandra Levy case Arrest warrant "  completely validates 15 months of work , " professor says Professor recalls Levy 's mother being grateful that students kept spotlight on case About 80 students at Bauder College are members of crime club
CNN  -- It 's been one year since the bodies of the McStay family were found in the Mojave Desert . An off-road motorcyclist reported possible skeletal remains in two shallow graves on November 11 , 2013 . Dental records confirmed that those graves held the bodies of Joseph McStay , his wife Summer and their two young sons , Gianni and Joseph Jr. . Just last week , authorities announced a major break in the case with the arrest of Charles "  Chase " Merritt , the man they think is responsible for the deaths . Who is Chase Merritt ? In his first on-camera interview since Merritt 's arrest , Joseph McStay 's father described his reaction to the latest development . "  A lot of people will say it 's like lifting a ton off your shoulders . I said , no , it was more to me like a boulder falling on me , " Patrick McStay told CNN 's Randi Kaye . The McStay family disappeared in February 2010 , and Patrick McStay has been working tirelessly to figure out what happened to them . He has even had numerous conversations with Merritt . Asked what he would like to ask Merritt now , Patrick McStay said he would n't ask anything . "  There 'd be one person coming out of that room , " he said . Merritt , 57 , is charged with four counts of murder in the deaths of the McStay family . His arraignment is set for November 12 . Police say they believe the family died of "  blunt force trauma " inside their home north of San Diego , but they declined to discuss specifics of the deaths or a motive . Earlier this year , Kaye interviewed Merritt , who was a close friend and business partner of Joseph McStay . Merritt said at the time he had "  absolutely no clue " what happened to the McStays . Merritt and McStay met for a business lunch in Rancho Cucamonga on February 4 , 2010 , the day the family disappeared . "  I am definitely the last person he saw , " Merritt said during the January interview . Merritt also told CNN they were also on the phone constantly , perhaps 12 to 13 times that day . There was another call from McStay 's phone to Merritt the night of the family 's disappearance . It came about 40 minutes after a neighbor 's security camera captured the family 's Isuzu pulling out of their cul-de-sac . Merritt did n't answer . Merritt told CNN 's Kaye he was watching television with his then-girlfriend , and he picked up the phone , looked at it and set it back down . He was tired . He called back the next day , he said . "  There are hundreds of scenarios . I have gone over all of them in my head , " he said . "  Of course I regret not picking up the phone . " Merritt was questioned by police after the disappearance . They just asked him the "  standard questions , " he said . He also claimed to have taken a polygraph test . Police had never named Merritt as a suspect before his arrest last Wednesday . He has served time in prison , according to criminal records from California , but none of the crimes involved violence . San Bernardino authorities said Friday that after reviewing 4,500 pages of investigative records , executing 60 search warrants and conducting 200 interviews , they believe Merritt acted alone . Five questions about the McStay case CNN 's Jessica Small and Michael Pearson contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Merritt is charged with four counts of murder in McStay family deaths Father of victim describes arrest of Merritt like a boulder falling on him The McStay family disappeared in February 2010 Their bodies were found in two shallow graves one year ago
CNN  -- The U.S. Forest Service is urging hunters and fishermen to keep their eyes open for marijuana growing operations in Wisconsin 's Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest . Since 2008 , nine marijuana growing operations have been discovered on public land within the state . Most recently , in late August , a fisherman visiting the forest happened upon a marijuana field that netted more than 8,000 plants worth $ 8 million . "  The fisherman was walking along the banks of the Oconto River and noticed these patches that had been cleared and disturbed . Trees were down , things did n't look right , and he reported that to authorities , and a surveillance operation was established , " said Jane Cliff , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Forest Service eastern region . Marijuana legalization : Worth pursuing ? Approximately 150 federal , state , tribal and local law enforcement agents were involved in the sting that followed , leading to the arrest of seven people . All of the suspects pleaded guilty and are in prison awaiting trial . The suspects each face anywhere from 10 years to life in prison , a maximum fine of $ 10 million and five years to life of supervised release . The Department of Justice could not comment on details of the investigation because the case is still working its way through the judicial system . But this is n't the first time this has happened , the Forest Service says . It 's actually the third big bust in three years at the forest , resulting in the eradication of more than 80,000 marijuana plants that were cultivated by large drug trafficking organizations . That 's why authorities say they are reaching out to hunters in their regulation books and offering them training programs , warning them to be careful and asking them to note the GPS location of any suspicious areas and call the authorities as soon as they can . "  Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest is large , secluded and heavily roaded , so our personnel can not by themselves keep an eye on every acre , " Cliff said . "  That 's why we are relying on forest users to share information with us . " By using covert digital cameras , GPS devices and ground and aerial surveillance , law enforcement officials do what they can to apprehend illegal marijuana growers who frequently switch up their patterns to avoid detection . "  We conduct aerial surveillance , and we have seen a change in the growers ' tactics . A number of years ago , there would be large multithousand plant fields concentrated in one area , and now they have a couple of hundred plants in one location and then another couple hundred plants a couple hundred yards away which makes aerial detection more difficult , " said David Spakowicz , the director of field operations for the Wisconsin Department of Justice 's criminal investigation division . Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen said he and special agents at the Wisconsin Department of Justice are "  not only aggressively investigating and eradicating these grows , but also working with our local and federal partners to hold accountable the individuals responsible for operating such grow operations . " Highs and lows of using marijuana "  That kind of aggressive eradication and enforcement ought to send a message to those who think they can profit from growing illegal drugs on Wisconsin 's public lands , threatening our natural resources and potentially the people who enjoy them , " he said in a statement to CNN . Spakowicz says that every occupied marijuana growing operation that led to arrests has also resulted in the seizure of firearms , and they 've also found ammunition left behind by other growers . The concern is that a person walking through the forest will come across not only an illegal grow operation , but also heavily armed growers . "  If they are protecting $ 10 million of marijuana plants , that 's a lot of money , and there have been gun battles with law enforcement in other states such as California , " Spakowicz said . "  We worry that they will bring the same level of violence with them . " Because the concern for public safety is so great , the state attorney general 's office works in conjunction with the Department of Justice to strongly prosecute marijuana growers . "  We believe we need to arrest people in order to send a message to these marijuana growers that they are not welcome in Wisconsin and that their activities will be not be accepted , " Spakowicz said . Wisconsin is targeting illegal marijuana growers because it has millions of acres of remote public land . According to the state Department of Justice , 32 people have been arrested for illegally growing marijuana since 2008 , and most were non-U.S. citizens in the country illegally . All of the suspects are expected to serve their sentences before they are deported , the department says . Several suspects interviewed by law enforcement said they were recruited from California to come to Wisconsin . In some cases they were told openly that they are to work in a marijuana growing operation , while in other cases they came believing they were to work in a restaurant . Some suspects also said they did n't even know what state they were in . Suzanne Flory , public affairs officer for the Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest , said that these growers operate on a large scale . "  They are large , drug trafficking organizations ; they are not mom and pop operations , " she said . "  These are people doing this to make a lot of money . " The operations also cause serious damage to the forest . The growers chop down trees to let sunlight filter through to their plants , divert water away from trout streams and filter harmful chemicals back into the water . "  It causes a lot of environmental damage from soil erosion and it increases sedimentation in rivers and streams which affects the fish . There is possibility of chemical runoff from poisons and other wastes , " Flory said . "  They destroy the vegetation and leave their garbage behind . "  It leaves a scar on the landscape , " she said .	80,000 marijuana plants eradicated in Wisconsin forest Many of those arrested in busts are in the country illegally U.S. Forest Service wants hunters , fisherman to flag any suspicious areas
Salado , Texas  CNN  -- Dan Wallrath spent 30 years as a homebuilder in Texas , but it was n't until 2005 that he found his life 's work . After helping renovate the home of a young Marine who had been severely wounded in Iraq , Wallrath realized there were thousands of other injured war veterans who needed a hand . So he decided to help them by doing what he knew best -- building homes -- and giving them away , mortgage-free . For his efforts , Wallrath was recognized in November as one of the year 's top 10 CNN Heroes . The exposure has helped take his organization -- now known as Operation Finally Home -- to the next level . "  It 's just been incredible , " Wallrath said last month . "  We 've been getting phone calls and e-mails and donations from all over the world . " Since the airing of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " Operation Finally Home has received more than $ 100,000 in contributions -- as well as three pieces of property that will be used for future homes . All told , being honored as a CNN Hero has enabled Wallrath to more than double his impact . So far , his group has completed nine homes , and it has 13 more planned or under construction . The spotlight also led "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition " to partner with Wallrath on a special project last month : building a home for one of the victims of the 2009 shooting spree at Fort Hood , Texas . "  We had seen Dan on the CNN Heroes tribute , and we thought , ` That 's a perfect guy we 've got to team up with , ' " said George Verschoor , executive producer of the ABC television show . The home was for Army Staff Sgt. Patrick Zeigler and his fiance , Jessica Hansen . Zeigler , 29 , had just returned from his second tour of duty in Iraq when he was shot four times at Fort Hood , including once in the head . Although doctors had given him only a 5 % chance to live -- at one point , Hansen started writing his eulogy -- Zeigler not only survived but learned to walk again . Wallrath said the couple 's story and spirit is typical of the families that his group tries to help . "  All of a sudden , their life has been turned upside down . And in spite of their injuries , they 're moving forward , " Wallrath said . "  This is what our program 's about . We give  families  a hand up , not a handout . ... They just need a little help in life to get them started . " Usually about 200 people are involved in building a home for Wallrath 's group , but more than 4,000 volunteers chipped in to help "  Extreme Makeover " build Zeigler and Hansen 's home in Salado , Texas . Salado is about 30 minutes away from Fort Hood . "  We have tons of military folks coming out and helping us , " Wallrath said . "  That 's one of the reasons this job has gone so well . " It also means the home was completed at warp speed . The 2,800-square foot , three-bedroom , three-bath house was built in just 100 hours . Wallrath 's projects normally take about six months . For Zeigler and Hansen , the home means stability and a fresh start . "  It 's really exciting to know that so much love and care went into this house , " Hansen said . "  I think every time we look around , we 'll always feel that . " In mid-December , at an event honoring Zeigler and Hansen , Wallrath announced that Operation Finally Home had established a Fort Hood Victims ' Fund to help all of the families affected by the attack . The fund will assist with emergency financial needs and home renovations like wheelchair ramps and handicap-accessible bathrooms . "  Now we know that all these families are not going to be forgotten , " Wallrath said . "  America 's going to step up , and we 're going to be able to help them . " The "  Extreme Makeover " episode featuring Wallrath will air February 20 , but people can already donate to the fund on Wallrath 's website . All in all , it was a breakthrough year for Wallrath and his work . And he 's excited about having the chance to help even more people in 2011 . "  You know , sometimes I feel selfish because I feel so good all the time about seeing these lives changed , " he said . "  Now , we 're going to be able to change a lot more . "	Dan Wallrath and his group , Operation Finally Home , build houses for injured U.S. veterans For his efforts , Wallrath was named a top 10 CNN Hero in November The exposure has helped Wallrath help more troops and their families He just partnered with "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition " to help a victim of the Fort Hood attack
CNN  -- They lined up hundreds strong to touch the dirt . Some fell to their knees , clutching the gritty stuff as though it were a long-lost child . Others lifted it to their lips to savor a taste of the home they left behind decades ago . Exiles -- who face never returning to Tibet as long as it is under Chinese rule -- stood on Tibetan soil this week , fulfilling a desire that has burned within since they fled westward across the Himalayas . Only , this week , they were able to do it in Dharamsala , the Indian hilltown that functions as the de facto capital of the refugee community . The display was the work of New York artist Tenzing Rigdol , 29 , who clandestinely trucked in sacks containing 22 tons of dirt from Tibet to Dharamsala to construct his installation . He did not want to disclose details of the soil 's journey , fearful of the repercussions of the act of smuggling . All he would say is that it was a "  complicated process that took 17 months . " Rigdol then spread the dirt over a stage the size of a basketball court and called it "  Our Land , Our People . " He invited Tibetans to walk on his dirt , write on it or pick up a microphone to express themselves . He knew it could never be the same as actually returning to Tibet , but perhaps , he thought , it would spark a sliver of that feeling . He thought of his father on Wednesday when the installation opened and people lined up , many overwhelmed with emotion . The only wish his father had was to see Tibet one more time . But he fell ill in 2007 and died . A father 's unfulfilled wish drove his artist son to create something that would allow the displaced to be able to "  return " home again . And others like him , who were born outside of Tibet , to finally feel native earth they have never had under their feet . "  There are so many like my father who wanted to return , " Rigdol said . "  And many more who have never been to Tibet . " Tenzin Dorjee , 31 , remembers receiving cell phone texts at 4:30 in the morning when his excited friend first came up with his idea . The message was so long that it got broken into three . "  He was saying he had this idea to transport a large amount of soil from Tibet , " Dorjee said . "  I was blown away . My first reaction was : how is that possible ? " But then Dorjee began visualizing the project and how much of an impact it was sure to have on Tibetan exiles . "  The implications , " he said , "  seemed historic . " Known as the "  roof of the world , " Tibet is a remote Buddhist region governed by Communist China . Beijing claims its sovereignty over Tibet goes back centuries and views the Tibetan spiritual leader , the Dalai Lama , as a separatist . About 150,000 Tibetans live in exile , a majority of them in Dharamsala , according to their governing body . The Dalai Lama set up residence there after Chinese forces crushed a 1959 Tibetan uprising . The Dalai Lama summoned Rigdol to his residence after the opening of the installation Wednesday , Rigdol said . Rigdol carried with him some of the Tibetan dirt . Using his index finger , the Dalai Lama , wrote Tibet in the dirt and blessed the soil . Meanwhile , monks in their flowing maroon and saffron robes queued up , as did parents holding babies . "  It was very exciting , " said Tenzing Geche , 22 , a monk who was a baby when his family left Tibet . He touched the dirt and felt a connection like no other . "  I felt I was back in my own country , " he said . Tenzing Tfuengue , 17 , has never been to Tibet -- he was born and raised in India . He has longed to go to Tibet , feel the air there , drink the water , see the land that possesses his soul . "  Today ,  Rigdol  made it a little bit possible , " Tfuengue said . For Lhadon Tethong , 35 , a Canadian visiting family in Dharamsala , the installation was bittersweet . It was completely inspiring at one moment and in another , as she watched elderly Tibetans fall to the ground , sadness overcame her . "  I am normally better with words than this , " she said , unable to complete her sentence . There was no overt political statement in Rigdol 's art , but some Tibetans hoped it would inspire resistance to Chinese rule . China blames Tibetan unrest on the exiled community . But no matter the consequences , Rigdol 's art will carry on . The installation will stay up until Friday . But when it closes , Tibetan exiles will be allowed to take some of the dirt with them , a reminder always of the land they long to see .	Tibetans who long to see their homeland were able to touch native soil again Artist Tenzing Rigdol smuggled the soil in sacks from Tibet to India The dirt was spread on a stage so Tibetans could walk on it Rigdol 's father died without ever seeing Tibet again
CNN  -- Do not try this on your next vacation . Egyptian authorities cracked down on climbing the Pyramids at Giza in the 1980s , but that did n't stop adventurer Vitaliy Raskalov and his friends from dodging local guards this year to take a few very hard-to-get shots from atop the Great Pyramid . The Russian photographer said his motivation was simple : "  We saw the old photographs of the Pyramids and decided to climb on it . " He also said he was n't aware of the risk and illegality , but reports that Raskalov 's previous daredevil activities  skywalking on the Russky Island Bridge  landed him in custody suggest otherwise . But there 's no denying that the photos from his latest illicit romp are spectacular . Is the photo better than the vacation ? CNN 's Steve Tuemmler contributed to this report .	A Russian photographer scaled Egypt 's Great Pyramid on a recent visit Climbing the Pyramids has been forbidden for decades The resulting photos provide a rarely seen perspective
CNN  -- Ever wanted to know what really happened behind the scenes on "  Saved by the Bell " ? You 're about to find out . According to BuzzFeed , Lifetime is producing "  The Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story , " a TV movie scheduled to air on Labor Day , September 1 . The film 's cast includes Dylan Everett as Mark-Paul Gosselaar , Julian Works as Mario Lopez and Tiera Skovbye as Elizabeth Berkley . Some of the dirt has n't been exposed before . In a 2009 memoir , Dustin Diamond  who played the nerdy Screech  offered up details on cast members ' sex games , drug taking and abuse . "  Saved by the Bell " ran for four seasons in the early '90s and was followed by "  Saved by the Bell : The College Years " and "  Saved by the Bell : The New Class . " ` Hey Dude ' cast reunites for 25th anniversary Read more about funny people at CNN Comedy .	"  Saved by the Bell " will have its inside stories revealed , BuzzFeed says Lifetime 's "  Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story " to air Labor Day The popular teen comedy set in a high school ran for four seasons in early '90s
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama 's victory speech Tuesday night compares favorably with a number of historic orations , a linguist said Thursday . Barack Obama speaks at a rally in Chicago , Illinois , after winning the presidency Tuesday night . "  His goal was to be understood by the widest possible audience during his victory speech , and he seems to have done a great job doing it , " said Paul J.J. Payack , president of the Austin , Texas-based Global Language Monitor , which analyzed the speech for content , tone and length . "  He 's at his best communicating directly and forthrightly with this audience and using different types of rhetorical devices , " Payack said , noting that the speech was written to a seventh - or eighth-grade level . That 's lower than the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's 1963 "  I Have a Dream " speech  grade 8.8  , President Reagan 's 1987 "  Tear Down This Wall " speech  grade 9.8  and even Obama 's own 2004 Democratic Convention speech  grade 8.3  , Payack said . In the four years since then , "  he has learned to speak more directly and more succinctly when he 's giving a major address , " the word aficionado said . He spoke admiringly of Obama 's repeated use of the phrase "  Yes , we can , " calling it "  very effective . " "  That 's a very short , direct sentence , " Payack said . "  Almost like a drumbeat hammering into people 's minds and hearts . " He added , "  something like that comes across as a very effective rhetorical device . " That phrase compares with Reagan 's "  Tear Down This Wall " and President Kennedy 's "  Ask not what your country can do for you ; ask what you can do for your country , " delivered in his inaugural speech . At about 2,000 words , the speech was short enough not to lose the audience 's attention but long enough to cite specifics and cover the subject matter , Payack said . Watch Obama 's victory speech " Twelve of those words were "  hope " or variations of the word , which indicates optimism about the change  used nine times  he has promised to effect . Another 23 of the words were "  will , " another way of making the speech forward-looking . Though most of Obama 's verbs were in the active voice , 11 percent of the sentences were in the passive voice , a dependable method of deflecting responsibility , Payack said . He cited Obama 's "  There will be setbacks and false starts " as an example . "  He 's spreading the responsibility around , " Payack said . "  He did n't say , ' I will have setbacks . I will be wrong . I will make mistakes . ' He used the passive voice for those types of constructions . " But the vast majority of the hopeful references were in the active voice , he said . "  It 's very personal and very active . ' I promise we , as a people , will get there . ' " The speech was notable for what it omitted , too , Payack said . In this case , the absence of a reference to the September 11 terrorist attacks indicates a change in tone , he said . In his closing phrase , Obama repeats the mantra , "  Yes , we can , " which serves as a call to action , an acknowledgment that the country faces hard work , Payack said . Obama is saying , "  I 'm asking you to do something big , but we can do it together , " Payack said . "  We are the change ; we are the hope . "	Linguist says Obama 's speech was on seventh - or eighth-grade level That 's lower than King , Reagan speeches Speech was optimistic and forward-looking , expert says Lack of 9/11 reference was significant change in tone , linguist says
New York  CNN  -- The court documents continued to fly in the ongoing legal battle between Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez and Major League Baseball . As Rodriguez ' appeal of his 211-game suspension went on hiatus this week so the arbitrator could tend to other matters , the MLB responded to his lawsuit against it and Commissioner Bud Selig with a motion to move it from state court to federal court in hopes it will be dismissed . In its 426-page filing , the MLB argues that Rodriguez should abide by baseball 's collective bargaining agreement and pursue his appeal solely through the arbitration process . Rodriguez : ` I 'm fighting for my life ' In response to the motion , Rodriguez ' attorney Joe Tacopina told CNN , "  As is its practice , MLB has chosen to share its filing with the press well before sending it to Mr. Rodriguez 's legal team . Nonetheless , Mr. Rodriguez 's claims against MLB and Commissioner Selig arise from their tortious conduct , separate and apart from the issues being decided in the arbitration process . It is ironic that MLB -- having filed suit in state court in Florida for tortious interference in order to obtain evidence to use in the arbitration proceeding -- now complains that Mr. Rodriguez 's tortious interference claim must be heard as part of the arbitration . MLB knows that these state law claims properly belong where they were filed , in the New York State Court . " Attorney : Rodriguez had ` consulting relationship ' with Biogenesis Last Friday Rodriguez filed suit against Selig and the MLB alleging that they "  engaged in tortious and egregious conduct with one and only one goal ... to destroy the reputation and career of Alex Rodriguez . " The lawsuit claims that in its investigation of Anthony Bosch and his Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami , Major League Baseball engaged in vigilante justice to prove that Rodriguez was using performance enhancing drugs . Rodriguez fights suspension "  They have ignored the procedures set forth in baseball 's collectively bargained labor agreements ; violated the strict confidentiality imposed by these agreements ; paid individuals millions of dollars and made promises of future employment to individuals in order to get them to produce documents and to testify on MLB ' s behalf ; bullied and intimidated those individuals who refused to cooperate with their witch hunt ; and singled out  Rodriguez  for an unprecedented 211-game suspension -- the longest non-permanent ban in baseball history , " the suit says . Rodriguez , 38 , says he is fighting for his life in an effort to overturn the suspension . He has hired a high-priced team of lawyers , publicists and investigators . He has shown up each day during this week 's arbitration process at the MLB 's Park Avenue headquarters . His lawsuit outside the arbitration process is an effort to save his reputation and his $ 25 million salary for the 2014 season . Opinion : How A-Rod let us down	Alex Rodriguez is appealing his 211-game suspension from Major League Baseball His appeal is on hiatus this week MLB says Rodriguez should abide by bargaining agreement and use arbitration process Rodriguez : I 'm fighting for my life
Houston  CNN  -- When Joshua Gandara heard his cousin , Houston firefighter Robert Bebee , had died suddenly , he instinctively knew why . "  I knew  he was  saving somebody , " Gandara said . "  That 's him . ... He always put people first , before him . Anybody 's needs before his needs . " Relatives of the 41-year-old Bebee -- including his parents , sister and nieces -- are not alone in their mourning . Four Houston firefighters , total , died when a wall collapsed during a major blaze Friday at a hotel . There was Matthew Renaud , a 35-year-old who worked out of five stations in the 12 years he was with the Houston Fire Department . Robert Garner , 29 , had been at Fire Station 68 since joining the department in October 2010 . The youngest victim was Anne Sullivan , a 24-year-old who graduated from the city 's firefighter academy in April . "  She was very passionate , very strong ,  very  beautiful , and she was very dedicated to her career , " Sullivan 's friend and fellow firefighter Ryche Guerrero said . "  She inspired me . " Firefighter killed in Dallas blaze The five-alarm blaze began in the Bhojan Vegetarian Indian Cuisine restaurant , where "  the majority of the fire was ... in the front , " according to fire Capt. Ruy Lozano . It ended up spreading to the adjacent Southwest Inn , which is in the southwest part of Houston along the Southwest Freeway . Recalled Guerrero , "  I 'm just amazed at how big the fire was and how quickly it spread , how the smoke was just billowing in different directions . " City fire Chief Terry Garrison explained Friday that some of the more than 150 firefighters responding to the blaze went inside the structure "  because we thought we had some civilians in the structure . " As Lozano explained , it was during normal business hours and there was reason to believe people we 're inside . "  There was every indication to think that there was a life to be saved , " he said . But when they got in , the first responders found "  the building had much more fire in it than we originally thought , " according to Garrison . Parts of the structure collapsed , killing three firefighters at the scene , and leading to the death of the other at a hospital . Fellow firefighters quickly sprang into action , some digging through the rubble to get to their colleagues . Garrison said the death toll could have been much higher if not for their bravery and quick action . "  There were  dozens and dozens of acts of courage that took place in the seconds when that wall came in , " the chief said . Thirteen other firefighters were hurt in the incident , five of whom were still hospitalized Saturday afternoon . That figure includes one who Lozano said is in "  extremely critical " condition and one who had surgery Saturday and faces "  probably more surgeries to come . " The fire captain told CNN there are "  a multitude of situations going on " related to their ailments , from heat exhaustion to injuries to their legs and more . Given the total number of casualties , Houston Mayor Annise Parker said Friday will "  go down ... as the worst day in the history of the Houston Fire Department . " Members of the department , which is the third-biggest in the nation , are leaning on each other to get over the loss of their colleagues . "  We 're one of the biggest families you 'll ever meet , " Lozano said . "  We 're very close . ... We take pride in having a little city attitude in a big city . " The building that went up in flames had been inspected , with follow-up visits , within the year , said Lozano , who did n't offer any details on what they found . Volunteer firefighters step up despite personal tragedy in West , Texas Authorities have not yet determined the cause of the blaze . Members of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were at the site on Saturday , as were members of the State Fire Marshal 's office , the Houston Fire Department 's homicide division and the Texas Rangers . "  By bringing in these outside agencies and treating it like a crime scene , and there 's no reason to believe that it is , we 're able to maintain that sterile environment in efforts not only to determine the cause but also to hopefully learn from it so , hopefully , it never happens again , " Lozano said . A funeral service for the four firefighters killed is scheduled for Wednesday at Reliant Stadium , home of the NFL 's Houston Texans . In addition to trying to help the families of those killed , the fire department is also trying to take care of its own . "  The firefighters are having to look to each other , look to their families , look to their faith and look to the firefighter support network to get through it , " an emotional Lozano said . " ... They also think about when they get home and their kids ask , ` What happened ? ' And how do you tell them ? So it 's a difficult time . " Assistant State Fire Marshal Kelly Kistner told CNN that 18 Texas firefighters have died on duty so far this year , including 10 first responders killed in an explosion at a fertilizer distribution facility in West , Texas . To put this number into context , 83 firefighters were killed on the job nationwide all of last year , the U.S. Fire Administration reported . Already , more Texas firefighters have died in 2013 than over the past five years combined , according to Kistner . "  When we have one line of duty death , that 's too many . And we 're at 18 this year , " Kistner said . "  It 's a rough year for Texas . " CNN 's Sara Ganim reported from Houston , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Ryan Rios contributed to this report .	NEW : Friend says 24-year-old firefighter who died was "  very passionate , very strong " NEW : 5 of 13 injured firefighters are still in the hospital , fire department captain says NEW : Houston firefighters are struggling to cope with the loss of their colleagues , he adds Official : More firefighters have died in 2013 in Texas than in last 5 years combined
EW.com  -- The Mayans were wrong about the end of the world , and it looks like robot Armageddon is on hold , too . Steven Spielberg had planned to make the film adaptation of the novel Robopocalypse with Anne Hathaway this summer , with a date already set for April 24 , 2014 . But it looks like that 's not going to happen . The project has been placed on indefinite hold . Drew Goddard , who wrote Cloverfield and penned "  Cabin in the Woods " with Joss Whedon , had drafted a script for the story , in which a high-functioning artificial intelligence turns against mankind and wages all-out war to wipe us off the planet . In addition to Hathaway , who would have played an unspecified role , "  The Avengers " star Chris Hemsworth was also in talks to co-star . As recently as this morning , Hathaway 's reps had said the project was a go . GET MORE EW : Subscribe to the magazine for only 33 cents an issue ! But Spielberg has indicated boredom with action films in some recent interviews , and though no explanation was offered for the delay , aside from a statement from Spielberg 's rep that it was n't ready and was too expensive to move forward without a polished script , the "  Lincoln " filmmaker may simply not be as enamored with the brutal extinction story as he once was . DreamWorks purchased the rights to Daniel H. Wilson 's novel well before it was published in June 2011 . It was originally set to be ready for this July , but last may 20th Century Fox  which is co-financing the film with DreamWorks , and Disney 's Touchstone distributing  announced it would be pushed to April 2014 . Now ... ? It 's a question of when the robot revolution will take place , but if . For sci-fi fans , that 's not a good thing . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Spielberg had planned to make the film adaptation of the novel Robopocalypse Drew Goddard , who penned "  Cabin in the Woods " with Joss Whedon , had drafted a script for the story Anne Hathaway had been set to star .
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- A security guard was killed and five others were injured when a car packed with explosives detonated Saturday in Mogadishu , officials said . The blast occurred in a seaside restaurant parking lot in the capital , Somali police Col. Ali Hassan told CNN . No group had claimed responsibility by late Saturday . The wail of sirens echoed as residents and firefighters rushed to put out flames and smoke from scorched vehicles in the parking lot .	Police say car bomb went off in Somali capital One person reported killed
Hong Kong  CNN  China has strenuously denied it stole designs for America 's next generation fighter jet , calling the accusations "  baseless . " The Foreign Ministry in Beijing responded Monday to the publication by German magazine Der Spiegel of new documents purportedly from NSA leaker Edward Snowden . The ministry 's spokesperson Hong Lei told reporters Monday , that he wondered if his country 's accusers could produce any evidence to support their claims . "  Cyber attacks are hard to trace back and are usually committed across borders . This complexity means that it is extremely difficult to identify the source of the attacks . " One document reveals that U.S. authorities believe China stole "  many terabytes of data " related to its new state-of-the-art F-35 fighter jet , including detailed engine schematics and radar design . CNN has not been able to independently confirm the authenticity of the document . The Chinese are currently designing their own stealth fighter aircraft , the FC-31 , which analysts have noted resembles the F-35 . According to Reuben F. Johnson , a correspondent for IHS Jane 's Defence Weekly , the FC-31 "  looks " stealthy and its shape mimics that of the F-35 in some respects , but it 's questionable whether it rivals its American counterpart from a performance and technological point of view . A data breach impacting defense contractor Lockheed Martin , the maker of the F-35 , was originally reported in 2009 . The company told CNN at the time that to its knowledge , no highly classified information had been accessed . It declined to comment on the latest documents . READ MORE : how good is China 's new ` stealth ' fighter ? Der Spiegel released a new trove of leaked top-secret documents on Saturday , it says are from the archive of Snowden , a former contractor for the National Security Agency . He is currently living in Russia and faces charges of espionage in the United States .	German magazine Der Spiegel published documents purportedly from NSA leaker Edward Snowden Documents say U.S. believes China stole "  many terabytes of data " related to its new F-35 fighter jet Snowden is currently living in Russia and faces charges of espionage in the United States
CNN  "  Did Patriots Tamper with AFC Championship Ball ? " -- Monday 's top headline on the Indianapolis Star 's website "  Do n't both teams have to play with the football ? " a Facebook friend of mine promptly inquired in a post , mystified as to how the New England Patriots could come under investigation by the National Football League for "  deflating " any of the balls used in Sunday 's conference championship game versus the Indianapolis Colts . A fair question about an unfair tactic , to be sure . OK , under further review , let us take a look at this weird , wild , farcical , you-gotta-be-kidding-me "  controversy " that has , uh , blown up unexpectedly . It became the talk of talk radio Monday . and you could picture every staff writer employed by Letterman , Fallon , Kimmel and others tapping furiously on their laptops , coming up with joke after joke . It was confirmed by an NFL official that the league was looking into the pretty preposterous possibility that balls used in New England 's easy 45-7 victory at Gillette Stadium were not adequately inflated . Yep , people actually now wonder whether you can get an extra edge from Gillette . Patriots superstar quarterback Tom Brady had the question put to him Monday on a radio interview and called it ridiculous , saying , "  I think I 've heard it all . " The idea , cockeyed as it is , would be that a football would be considerably easier to catch and grip if it were filled with slightly less air than usual . Particularly in wet , chilly weather like that found on a January evening in Massachusetts . Five things to know for the Super Bowl To the aforementioned question as to the teams using exactly the same ball -- i.e. , so where 's the advantage ? -- each NFL team , according to Rule 2 , Section 2 of league bylaws , will "  make 12 primary balls available for testing by the referee 2 hours and 15 minutes prior to the starting time of the game . " The home team "  will also make 12 backup balls available for testing . " Eight other balls , sealed in a box by the manufacturer , are marked by the referee and "  used exclusively for the kicking game . " I do n't know if an actual scale is used , like a jockey or a boxer making weight , but a football is supposed to weigh between 14 and 15 ounces . If there are weight-loss programs for overweight footballs , this would be the first I have heard of it . "  The Biggest Loser " show on NBC could get a whole season out of something like this . Naturally , conspiracy theorists could speculate that the Patriots somehow finagled a way into using a deflated ball themselves , giving Mr. Brady a little help , while making sure that the visiting team 's quarterback , Andrew Luck of the Colts , had to pass a football that was more tightly inflated than a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day parade balloon . I have never heard of this accusation being made in all the years I have been following professional football . I mean , come on : "  Honey , You Did n't Blow Up the Balls ? " How devious could a team be ? However , I did indeed have awareness of a similar situation occurring in college football , as recently as 2012 . It involved the University of Southern California , a splendid school , my own daughter 's alma mater . USC was fined $ 25,000 by its conference for being caught doing exactly that -- messing with the air in the football . A student manager was responsible . The university said he did it on his own , apparently without the knowledge of a single other human being in then-Coach Lane Kiffin 's football program , deflating no fewer than five footballs to be used in a USC game against Oregon . Three bad balls were discovered by officials before the game , two more at halftime . The kid was later fired , the university was fined and reprimanded by the Pac-12 Conference and , much the way Tom Brady put it Monday , a lot of us ended up saying : "  I 've heard it all now . " Turned out  it was news to me at the time  that in college football , schools provide their own footballs , whereas in pro football , the exact same 18 balls are used by both teams . Who knew ? It is difficult not to laugh at the thought of Bill Belichick , the generally humorless head coach of the Patriots , masterminding some kind of sinister Dr. Evil plot to deflate a certain number of those footballs , then having a co-conspirator somehow sneak the soft balls into the game when New England it was on offense , then the harder balls into the game when Indy had it . "  Ha ha ha ! " the villainous Belichick would laugh to himself . "  I outsmarted them again ! " Except what are the odds of something like this actually happening ? I appreciate that the Patriots have been so successful over the years that they have been accused of everything short of spying on their opponents from the Hubble Telescope . I personally believe the Patriots win most of their games because they score more points than the other team does . They will be going to another Super Bowl this year , the one coming up February 1 in Glendale , Arizona , because the Pats know how to play football , not how to blow one up . Even so , their opponents , the Seattle Seahawks , had better come prepared . I suggest they bring a scale . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	NFL investigating whether New England Patriots used slightly deflated footballs Mike Downey says it 's hard to see how the team could have pulled it off
CNN  -- A California man sold his 14-year-old daughter to an 18-year-old man for cash , beer and meat -- then called police when the prospective bridegroom did n't live up to his end of the deal , authorities said Tuesday . Marcelino de Jesus Martinez faces felony charges , according to police in Greenfield , California . Marcelino de Jesus Martinez , 36 , of Greenfield , California , was arrested Monday and booked into the Monterey County Jail , Greenfield police said in a statement . He faces felony charges of receiving money for causing a person to cohabitate , police said . Martinez had arranged through a third party to have his daughter marry the older teenager , identified by authorities as Margarito de Jesus Galindo , of Gonzales , California . In exchange , Galindo was to pay Martinez $ 16,000 and provide him with 160 cases of beer , 100 cases of soda , 50 cases of Gatorade , two cases of wine , and six cases of meat , Greenfield Police Chief Joe Grebmeier told CNN . All those involved in the case are from the western Mexican state of Oaxaca , the police chief said . In the Oaxacan community , such an agreement is "  normal and honorable , " he said . "  In California , it 's against the law . " Watch for a list of the groceries dad reportedly wanted " In Oaxacan culture , the food and beverages are provided by a prospective bridegroom for the wedding , Grebmeier said . Authorities believe the young girl went with Galindo willingly , and no coercion was involved , he said . However , the girl is four years younger than California 's age of consent , although the law does allow 16-year-olds to marry with parental consent . "  The 14-year-old juvenile moved in with Galindo and when payments were not received , the father , Martinez , called Greenfield PD to bring back the daughter , " according to a written police statement . The girl was reported as a runaway juvenile on December 18 , Grebmeier said , and police took a missing-persons report and put out a flier . But "  as we investigated , it started to develop into something that may not have been a runaway , " he said , and police began to believe Martinez wanted them to bring back his daughter , since he had received no payment . On January 2 , Galindo and the girl returned from a trip to Soledad , a town a few miles north of Greenfield , and were interviewed . Police learned the couple had never married , but had engaged in sexual relations , Grebmeier said . Galindo and Martinez were neighbors at an apartment complex and were apparently from the same area in Mexico , the police chief said . A third party was brokering the marriage deal , he said , and is cooperating with authorities . But the young couple apparently left for Soledad before the negotiations were complete . Martinez was arrested Sunday after undergoing additional questioning by police , Grebmeier said . He remained jailed Tuesday . Galindo was cited for statutory rape and released , Grebmeier said . The girl was returned to her family , he said , as authorities believe she is in no danger . However , police reported the case to child protection officials . The Greenfield area has had a large influx of Oaxacans . A presentation on understanding Oaxacan culture is posted on the Greenfield police Web site . "  Arranged marriages are common in several cultures , and this is not an issue among consenting adults over the age of 18 , " police said in the statement . "  But California has several laws regarding minors , the age of consent and human trafficking . " Police are trying to be culturally sensitive , Grebmeier told CNN , but "  when I 'm in Mexico , I have to respect Mexican laws . When you 're in the United States , you have to respect United States laws . That 's the bottom line . " He said he wanted to send a message to immigrant communities that such behavior is unacceptable . He said his department has long heard rumors of children as young as 12 being sold or offered for sale . The Greenfield police statement said arranged marriages between young girls and older men "  have become a local problem . " Greenfield is about 140 miles southeast of San Francisco .	Third party set up marriage between 14-year-old girl and 18-year-old man , police say Groom was supposed to give the girl 's father cash and cases of beer , soda , meat When groom did n't pay up , father called the cops , say police in Greenfield , California Such arrangements are normal in Mexican state where family is from , police say
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Seven insurgents were killed when a group of more than a dozen men launched an early morning attack on Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan on Wednesday , officials said . Army spokesman Lt. Col. Clarence Counts said that five service members were wounded in the attack and a building suffered minor damage . He said the attack included rockets , small arms and grenades . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid told CNN that 20 armed men wearing suicide vests stormed the base around 4 a.m.  7:30 p.m. Tuesday ET  , with four of them detonating explosives at the entrances to allow the other men to move in . Mujahid said that a "  major firefight " took place inside the base . But Army Specialist Christina Dion , a spokeswoman who both lives an works on the base , told CNN that personnel were ordered to enter bunkers when the base came under attack and were allowed to return to their huts and tents about 90 minutes later . "  We 're always prepared to deal with attacks on our base , " Counts said . "  The response this morning was immediate . " The fighting eventually tapered off about 7:30 a.m. local time , said NATO spokesman Lt. Col Todd Breasseale . Another Bagram spokeswoman , Maj. Virginia McCabe , could not say if flights into and out of the air base had been stopped and said that authorities are investigating how the incident started . "  Established security procedures are in place , " she said , adding that personnel with "  mission-essential " responsibilities were continuing to work . Bagram is a heavily fortified base , its perimeter guarded by high fences and thick , concrete walls . Dion said she did n't believe anyone could have made their way into the main portion of the base . Taliban fighters have lobbed rockets into the base in previous attacks . CNN 's Adam Levine and Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	Five service members hurt , building damaged in attack using rockets , small arms , grenades Personnel ordered to bunkers for 90 minutes after airbase attacked , Army spokeswoman says Taliban spokesman says 20 armed men in suicide vests stormed base in "  major firefight "
CNN  I am all in . Go Patriots . Win . By a lot . Some of you who follow this space will know I have had a somewhat tortured two weeks reconciling my genetic predisposition to be a Patriots fan , with my disdain for breaking the rules .  Some of you probably do n't give a crap what I think , and if that is the case , then I am happy to be wasting your time . I still believe that if the Patriots had air taken out of the footballs intentionally , then it is cheating . Repeat : if they did it , they cheated . And that is bad . Very bad . And cheering for them would fill me with guilt and remorse .  See here . However , I also believe , that if there is no proof that they did it , then there is simply no justification to penalize them , sanction them , or even criticize them . There really needs to be proof that someone took some sort of affirmative action deflate those footballs . The existence of an underinflated football is not a violation . It is the act of deflating it , or causing it to be deflated that is the infraction  yes , I once applied to law school  . We do n't have proof . Not yet . Accordingly , until there is proof , I believe every Patriots fan should root like hell for them . Lose your voice , burst your spleen , strain a hamstring ; do whatever you can to get them into the end zone Sunday night . I will wear my Tom Brady jersey with honor and pride . And none of these actions or beliefs is inconsistent . In fact , I think this is the most reasonable , rational , objective position to take . If they cheated , it 's bad . Right now , there is no proof they cheated . I know that there are members of Patriots Nation who refuse to even acknowledge the possibility that they cheated . There are also members of the "  snark lobby , " who think too much is being made of all this . On the flip side there are Patriots-haters who think that Bill Belichick only lies when he speaks or breathes . And that Tom Brady only achieved anything through subterfuge and favoritism . In my opinion , all of these views are wrong . And I am only glad you have each other to collectively fester in your pool of myopic loathing  hyperbole added in the spirit of competition !  . If they cheated , it 's bad . Right now , while the NFL continues its investigation , there is no proof they cheated . So go Patriots . Crush the Seahawks with firm balls all above 12.5 PSI . Win big . I am cheering for you 112.5 % percent . But after the fact , if it turns out you did cheat in the AFC Championship game ? Well , I will feel angry and guilty and you should be punished . That makes sense . And I do too . Probably .	John Berman : Until there is proof they cheated , the Patriots deserve fans ' support The deflated balls do n't prove wrongdoing without more evidence , he says
CNN  -- Tennis legend and openly gay athlete Billie Jean King has been named as part of the presidential delegation to the closing ceremony of the Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia , King , a 2009 recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest U.S. civilian honor , was initially named as part of the opening ceremony delegation but had to pull out because her mother was ill . Russia has faced widespread criticism over its position on gay rights since passing an anti-gay propaganda law last year , which bans anyone from speaking positively about homosexuality in the hearing of children . In a commentary for CNN in January , King said the decision to include openly gay men and women in the presidential delegation to Sochi was perhaps a statement by the United States . "  While I am not planning to protest or demonstrate , I am concerned with the treatment of the LGBT community in Russia and throughout the world . I want the LGBT community living in Russia to know they are not alone and I hope others realize this is not only a gay rights issue , but a global concern for human rights and equality , " she wrote . "  As I said when I was named to the U.S. delegation , I hope these Olympics will be a watershed moment for the universal acceptance of all people . " The closing ceremony takes place on February 23 . President Barack Obama also named Deputy Secretary of State William Burns and U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul to the delegation , as well as former gold medal Olympians Bonnie Blair and Eric Heider , a White House statement said . The delegates will watch some events and meet U.S. athletes as well as attend the final ceremony . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Kevin Liptak and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Billie Jean King is named in the presidential delegation to the closing ceremony She withdrew from opening ceremony because of mother 's illness King wants Russia 's LGBT community "  to know they are not alone " Russia has been criticized for its position on gay rights
CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council has ended sanctions against Sierra Leone , restrictions originally imposed during the nation 's brutal civil war , the Security Council announced Wednesday . The Council ended a 1997 arms embargo and a travel ban among other sanctions , in a move aimed at restoring confidence in the West African nation . While the Security Council praised Sierra Leone for its progress since the end of the decade-long conflict in 2002 , it maintained the need for peacekeepers in the formerly war-torn nation . "  Sierra Leone may today no longer be one of your most critical concerns , " said Michael von der Schulenburg , head of the United Nations Integrated Peacebuilding Office in Sierra Leone . "  But we urge you not to abandon Sierra Leone completely . It is a potential success story , not only for Sierra Leone but for the Security Council . " U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice commended the decision to end sanctions . "  Because of the much-improved situation in Sierra Leone , including the work of its special courts and the demobilization of armed groups , the remaining sanctions can now be lifted , " she said in a statement . Tens of thousands of Sierra Leone 's 6 million population were believed killed in the war , and more than 2 million were forced to flee their homes amid the mayhem that was fueled by riches from the diamond trade or so called "  blood diamonds . "	Sierra Leone endured a bloody civil war that ended in 2002 Sanctions were imposed during the conflict , including an arms embargo and travel restrictions The U.N. Security Council says the situation has improved
CNN  -- Want to marvel at California 's giant sequoias or hike the Mount Katahdin section of the Appalachian Trail ? With most of the United States ' national parks still shuttered , the country 's stunning state parks are getting some well-deserved attention . There are more than 7,800 state park sites around the country , attracting over 720 million visits per year , according to the National Association of State Park Directors . By comparison , the National Park Service 's 401 sites had over 282 million visitors last year . Many state park visitors are repeat visitors , enjoying the state parks near where they live . Here are some of our favorites . Calaveras Big Trees State Park , California Known for its North Grove of giant sequoias , Calaveras Big Trees State Park became a state park more than 80 years ago . Within the grove is the first redwood documented by Augustus T. Dowd in 1852 , known as the "  Discovery Tree " and the "  Big Stump . " This park is considered the state 's longest continuously operated tourist site . The South Grove has a five-mile hiking trail through the sequoias . Located about 150 miles north of San Francisco , the park is open for day visitors and campers . Fall Creek Falls State Park , Tennessee The most popular state park in Tennessee , Fall Creek Falls State Park is about a two-hour drive east of Nashville . The park 's more than 20,000 acres includes the highest waterfall in the Eastern United States , virgin hardwood timber stands and spectacular places to spend the day hiking or staying to camp . While oak and hickory trees can be found in most of the park , the gorges host tulip poplar and hemlock forests . Stone Mountain State Park , North Carolina A National Natural Landmark , Stone Mountain features a 600-foot granite dome that does n't disappoint the first-time visitor . Hike , fish , rock or camp surrounded by 14,000 acres of the park 's forests , waterfalls and streams .  There are more than 16 miles of trails and 20 miles of designated trout waters .  Visitors can also enjoy learning about historic mountain living at the Hutchinson Homestead , which includes a blacksmith shop , meat house , log cabin and barn . Statue of Liberty , Grand Canyon , Mount Rushmore to reopen Fakahatchee Strand Preserve State Park , Florida About 10 miles from Everglades National Park in Florida , rare and endangered tropical plants thrive in the waters of the Fakahatchee Strand Preserve State Park . Sometimes called the Amazon of North America , the Fakahatchee Strand is the only ecosystem in the world where bald cypress trees and royal palms share the same forest canopy . It 's also home to 44 native orchid species . Animal fans might spot American crocodiles , Florida panthers and black bears , Everglade minks and Eastern indigo snakes . Water enthusiasts can enjoy fishing , canoeing and kayaking . Even hikers can walk on trails created upon many of the raised railway beds of the old logging train that still crisscross the Fakahatchee Strand . The beds create a grid of trails , many of which are maintained for hiking . Baxter State Park , Maine The highest point in Maine , Baxter State Park 's Mount Katahdin is the northern most point on the Appalachian Trail . Katahdin is often considered the most difficult hike on the trail , and Maine is considered one of the most difficult states on the trail . Even if you 're not tackling the trail , Baxter State Park requires preparation . It has incredible and difficult rock climbing , more than 200 miles of hiking trails and cold weather that will require you bundle up for your outdoor fun . Travelers looking for an easy hike can try Big and Little Niagara Falls while experienced hikers looking for a daylong trip can try the more difficult hike to Baxter Peak . Finding spirituality on the Appalachian Trail Punderson State Park , Ohio Once a quiet lake resort for Clevelanders looking for a break from the city , Punderson became a state park in 1951 . The 741-acre park is in Ohio 's glaciated plateau region and used to be buried under glacial ice . Visitors can enjoy boating , fishing , golf , swimming and hiking . In the winter , the park features a lighted sledding hill , three snowmobile trails , two cross-country ski trails and even dog sledding on the Mushers Trail . Kealakekua Bay State Historical Park , Hawaii With the arrival of Captain Cook in 1779 , this is the site where Hawaiians and Westerners first had extended contact . But the bay had been settled more than 1,000 years ago , before Westerners arrived . There is much that is sacred and protected in this historical park , and visitors are asked to respect spiritual and archeological sites where ceremonial structures once stood . The Ka'awaloa Cove is home to some of the best snorkeling in the area , and it 's also home to a delicate , living coral reef . Spinner dolphins also visit the bay to rest and nurse their young . The Pali Kapu O Keoua is a 600-foot high pali , or volcanic fault line and vertical sea cliff created by landslides and waves . Travelers should also avoid disturbing the natural environment for these animals and plant life , and stay away from the pali to avoid injury . Kartchner Caverns State Park , Arizona About 55 miles from Tucson , Kartchner Caverns State Park has Arizona 's tallest natural column formation below ground level  and the world 's longest stalactite formation  . Book the cave tour to see this remarkable underground state park -- the cave is 2.4 miles long and remained hidden until its discovery in the 1970s . Come back for above-ground introductions to camping , Halloween parties and other activities . Camping : Horror or bliss ? State Forest State Park , Colorado Northwest of Rocky Mountain National Park , State Forest State Park 's 71,000 acres offer the spectacular beauty of alpine lakes , trails , forests and moose viewing . The park has more than 600 moose in residence year-round . Head to North Park , the "  moose viewing capital of Colorado , " to see them . There is lots of winter sports activity and six rustic cabins for rent year-round . Snow Canyon State Park , Utah Located in the 62,000-acre Red Cliffs Desert Reserve at the intersection of the Colorado Plateau , Great Basin desert and the Mojave Desert , Snow Canyon State Park averages only 7.5 inches of rain annually . There 's evidence that lava flowed down park canyons , filling them with basalt as recently as 27,000 years ago . The animal and plant life living within the 7,400-acre park have adapted to the desert environment . Look for protected species such as gila monsters , peregrine falcons and desert tortoises . Try camping , hiking or canyoneering . What are your favorite state parks ? We know we missed some of your favorites , so please share them in the comments section below .	There are more than 7,000 state park sites in the United States Take advantage of a local state park while many federal park service sites are shut down Florida 's Fakahatchee Strand Preserve is often called the Amazon of North America Pick the right state park to explore and you 'll hike a bit of the Appalachian Trail
Amazon is trying it . UPS has considered it . Ice fishermen in Minnesota used it to get beer . Yelp created one just for burritos . Google is the latest company to branch out into delivery by drone , it revealed Thursday . The technology giant started running its first test flights earlier this month as part of Project Wing , a secretive , 2-year-old program exploring drone delivery . A team of Google engineers and experts on unmanned aerial vehicles , called UAVs , safely carried out more than 30 test flights this month , transporting an assortment of goods including chocolate bars , a water bottle , radios , a first aid kit , dog treats and a cattle vaccine one kilometer . It conducted the tests on a farm in Queensland , Australia , to avoid the FAA 's strict guidelines that limit the use of UAVs in the United States . Google developed its own prototype hybrid drone with fixed wings and four rotors for the tests . It is 1.5 meters wide and can soar as high as 60 meters , far enough up to dodge houses and trees . Drones have the potential to revolutionize how goods are transported . In typical Google fashion , the company is presenting Project Wing as a way to make the world better , rather than as a tool to boost its bottom line ; an early goal of the program was to deliver defibrillators to heart attack victims . Now Google imagines using the vehicles to deliver medicine and help the environment . UAVs can rise above traffic congestion , make a beeline for remote locations where roads are shoddy or nonexistent , and potentially cut down on pollution by replacing cars or trucks . In emergencies where regular routes are blocked , a drone could quickly ferry water and medicine to people in need . The Atlantic 's Alexis Madrigal got an inside look at the previously undisclosed program , which was headed by MIT roboticist Nick Roy and Google -LSB- x -RSB- lab director Astro Teller . "  What excited us from the beginning was that if the right thing could find anybody just in the moment that they need it , the world might be a radically better place , " Teller told Madrigal . Actual drone delivery , at least by Google , is still years off . The project 's next goal is to determine if delivery by UAV is even viable . Then it will focus on safety features to handle potential problems like midair collisions and crashes . It also wants to reduce the noise made by its drones and fine tune navigation features to address issues like privacy . Project Wing is part of Google -LSB- x -RSB- , the company 's lab dedicated to making big technical leaps , like Google Glass and self-driving cars . The department is led by Google co-founder Sergey Brin . This is not the first time Google has taken to the skies . It purchased a drone company , Titan Aerospace , for a reported $ 60 million in April . It is also working on Project Loon , which is testing the use of high-altitude balloons to bring Internet connections to remote areas . It also works with Makani , a company developing airborne wind turbines that hover between 80 and 350 meters in the air . The undersea drones revealing the ocean 's secrets Hollywood to feds : Let us use drones	Google 's Project Wing has flown more than 30 test flights with drones The company is experimenting using drones to deliver goods like first aid kits The project is part of its secretive Google -LSB- x -RSB- lab Any potential drone delivery service is still years away for the company
The Senate on Thursday night easily approved a $ 16 billion bill to overhaul the Department of Veterans Affairs . The measure that won overwhelming House approval a day earlier now goes to President Barack Obama for his signature . It is a response to the scandal over delayed care at medical facilities and allegations of alarming management shortcomings at the sprawling federal agency that serves millions of veterans . A CNN investigation dating to November revealed key details of the crisis at VA facilities . The legislation would provide money for new medical facilities , more doctors and nurses , and a new program that will allow some veterans to seek health care outside the VA system . On Tuesday , the Senate confirmed Robert McDonald as the new VA secretary . He replaced Eric Shinseki , who resigned in May over the scandal . McDonald has promised to swiftly carry out reforms intended to speed up care for returning soldiers entering the VA system and eliminate bogus record-keeping and other problems that resulted in some veterans dying while waiting months or even years for appointments . More VA employees said they were told to falsify data Passage of the VA bill was a rare example of swift bipartisan action in the days leading up to the congressional August recess , which is set to begin on Friday .	The $ 16 billion measure provides money for new medical facilities and doctors President Barack Obama is expected to sign the measure into law It 's a congressional response to the scandal involving delayed medical care for veterans
RALEIGH , North Carolina  CNN  -- A woman whose husband and two sons are accused of plotting "  violent jihad " overseas said federal authorities tricked her into leaving her home so they could search it . Sabrina Boyd says terrorism allegations against her husband , Daniel , and two sons are false . Sabrina Boyd said Tuesday that she rushed out to a hospital earlier this week after being told her loved ones had been in a serious car accident . The FBI declined to comment on the allegation . Boyd 's claims came the day before an eighth suspect in this North Carolina group of alleged terrorism supporters was identified as Jude Kenan Mohammad , a knowledgeable source told CNN Wednesday . Authorities had said Tuesday that they were seeking an eighth suspect in the case , although they would not identify the person , who is described as a U.S. citizen and North Carolina resident in an indictment . Seven men already arrested in the case face charges of supporting terrorism and conspiracy to commit murder abroad . They are scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday . Officials identified three of the men as U.S. native Daniel Patrick Boyd , 39 , -- who according to the indictment had fought against the Soviets in Afghanistan -- and Boyd 's sons , Dylan Boyd , 22 , also known as "  Mohammed , " and Zakariya Boyd , 20 . The four others are : Mohammad Omar Aly Hassan , also a U.S.-born citizen ; Hysen Sherifi , identified as a native of Kosovo who is a legal permanent resident of the United States ; and Hiyad Yaghi and Anes Subasic , both naturalized U.S. citizens . Sabrina Boyd , the wife of Daniel Patrick Boyd and the mother of the two younger Boyds , said the allegations against her family are false . "  I know that my husband and my sons are free of guilt , " she told CNN Tuesday . "  I 'm hopeful that the truth will come to light . " Watch as Sabrina Boyd says she 's proud of her husband and sons " She said she had not spoken to her husband or to her son Dylan , but had spoken to Zakariya . "  He seemed OK , " she said . "  He said , ` They 're innocent , the truth will come out . ' " Learning about the arrest of her husband and sons had been particularly distressing because of the manner in which she found out , she said . She said federal authorities sent a person the family knew to her door this week to tell her that her husband and three sons had been sideswiped by a tractor-trailer . The person was wearing a shirt that appeared to be covered in blood , she said , and told her "  it was grave and they were bleeding , and I needed to be rushed immediately to Duke Hospital , " she said . For Sabrina Boyd , the news was all too familiar : In 2007 , her 16-year-old son , Luqman , was killed in a car crash . "  I had already been through this two years prior , " she said . She said authorities took her , her daughter and pregnant daughter-in-law to the hospital , where she learned that her husband and sons had not been in a car accident . "  When we got to the hospital they brought us around back , separated us , handcuffed us , including my 8-month pregnant daughter -LSB- - in-law -RSB- , and were very rude and then told us , ` They 're not dying , they 're detained . And you better cooperate with us . ' " She added , "  They used the death of my son to trick me into getting out of my own house so they could just serve a warrant with nobody there . " All eight suspects are accused of plotting "  violent jihad " overseas , according to the indictment , and are charged with conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and conspiracy to murder , kidnap , maim and injure people . The indictment makes no reference to a direct threat to individuals or property in the United States , but said the men had practiced military tactics in a North Carolina county that borders Virginia . The court document also mentions overseas trips taken by several of the men . According to the indictment , Daniel Boyd and his sons left the United States for Israel in June 2007 to "  engage in violent jihad , but ultimately returned to the United States after failing in their efforts . " It said Yaghi and Hassan also traveled to Israel in June 2007 , and that Daniel Boyd lied to Customs and Border Protection agents at the Atlanta , Georgia , and Raleigh airports about intending to meet the two men in the Jewish state . The indictment also said Daniel Boyd traveled to Gaza in March 2006 "  to introduce his son to individuals who also believed that violent jihad was a personal obligation on the part of every good Muslim . " Sabrina Boyd said her husband flew to Israel in 2007 with Zakariya after Luqman 's death . Both sons were to have gone , she said . "  They 'd always wanted to go to the Holy Land , " she said . However , she said , Zakariya and Daniel Boyd were detained by Israeli authorities and were deported to France . She offered no details . About a year earlier , Daniel Boyd had taken the couple 's youngest son , Noah , to Jerusalem to visit holy sites , she said , saying the trips were not unusual for Muslims , Christians or Jews . The indictment alleges that Daniel Boyd traveled to Pakistan and Afghanistan during 1989 to 1992 , and learned military-style training in terrorist camps there . He also fought the Soviets in Afghanistan , the indictment says . According to The Washington Post , Daniel Boyd and his brother , Charles , had been sentenced in 1991 in Pakistan to have their right hands and left feet cut off after being convicted of bank robbery . The newspaper reported in October 1991 that the brothers and their families had moved to Peshawar to work with a Muslim relief agency . The country 's Supreme Court overturned their convictions , the newspaper reported . CNN 's David Mattingly , Jeanne Meserve and Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Eighth suspect named in North Carolina group 's ` jihad ' plot Wife , mother of three other suspects says FBI tricked her to search house Sabrina Boyd says she was told of a horrific car accident and rushed to hospital FBI would not comment on Boyd 's allegations
CNN  -- Next time you go to the grocery store to pick up steaks or some hamburger , you 'll know where the cow it came from was born , raised and slaughtered , thanks to new labeling rules that became final Saturday . The Country of Origin Labeling , or COOL , rule went into effect in May , though companies were given six months use up older labels "  to clear the chain of commerce , thus preventing retailer and supplier confusion and alleviating some of the economic burden on regulated entities , " the U.S. Department of Agriculture explains . But as of Saturday , that leeway period was over . Here 's how it works : If everything happened domestically , the label would say , "  Born , Raised and Slaughtered in the United States . " A product that crisscrosses multiple countries would have wording like , "  Born in Mexico , Raised and Slaughtered in the United States . " If it is entirely imported , the label would state -- as it would have previously -- "  Product of " whatever country it came from . This new labeling system aims to bring the U.S. in compliance with World Trade Organization guidelines . In addition to "  muscle cuts of beef "  including veal  , the COOL law applies to similar cuts of lamb , pork , goat and chicken ; wild fish and certain nuts and other food products . Ground meats have to have such labels , too , "  listing all countries ... that may be reasonably contained therein , " the USDA explains . " ` Reasonable ' means when any raw material from a specific origin is not in a processors inventory for more than 60 days , that country should not be included . " The Agriculture Department said the "  program is neither a food safety or traceability program but rather a consumer information program . " The new regulations have riled some in the meat industry . Tyson Foods , for instance , said they are others "  are very disappointed by the changes . " "  These new rules significantly increase costs because they require additional product codes , production breaks and product segregation , including a separate category for cattle shipped directly from Canada to U.S. beef plants , without providing any incremental value to our customers , " Tyson Foods said in a statement announcing it was suspending cattle shipped from Canada to its beef plants . The National Cattlemen 's Beef Association likewise has spoken out in opposition , with its president calling the action "  short-sighted " and fearing it would spur "  increased discrimination against imported products " in light of anger internationally about the move . "  While trying to make an untenable mandate fit with our international trade obligations , USDA chose to set up U.S. cattle producers for financial losses , " said association President Scott George , a dairy and cattle producer from Cody , Wyoming . Others , though , have applauded the move -- and fought efforts against it . Some are in the industry . Dr. Patricia Whisnant , the head of the American Grassfeed Association , said that "  the meat business needs more transparency , not less . " And Jonathan Lovvorn , an official with The Humane Society , argued that the change makes sense because it serves consumers ' best interests , whether or not it affects some companies ' bottom lines . "  Consumers deserve to know where their food comes from , " he said . "  And factory farming organizations that seek to have it otherwise are out of step with their customers . "	New labels must be on meat sold in the United States They may show meat was born in one country , slaughtered in another Some in the meat industry are strongly opposed to the new guidelines But others say they better serve consumers
Barcelona 's unbeaten run under new coach Tito Vilanova came to an unexpected halt on Wednesday as the Spanish side failed to clinch a place in the knockout stage of the European Champions League after losing 2-1 at Celtic . Lionel Messi 's late goal , his 74th of 2012 , proved a mere consolation as the Scottish champions celebrated a famous victory to mark 125 years of existence . The result left Barca still on top of Group G , while Celtic 's hopes of reaching the last 16 were greatly improved as a first-half goal from Victor Wanyama and an 83rd-minute strike from teenage substitute Tony Watt put Neil Lennon 's team in second place with two games left . Spartak Moscow dropped to the bottom of the group after losing 2-0 at Benfica , with Oscar Cardozo scoring both second-half goals for the Portuguese team . The Paraguay striker then missed a penalty , hitting the crossbar after Argentine defender Nicolas Pareja was sent off . Barcelona traveled to Parkhead as the only team from Europe 's top leagues still unbeaten this season following weekend defeats for Juventus and Paris Saint-Germain , but went behind in the 21st minute when Kenyan midfielder Wanyama headed in Charlie Mulgrew 's corner . The 18-year-old Watt , making his first appearance in Europe 's top club competition , made it 2-0 after veteran midfielder Xavi failed to cut out a long clearance by Celtic keeper Fraser Forster . Messi netted at the start of injury time after an initial block by Forster but Barca could not repeat the last-gasp heroics of Celtic 's visit to the Nou Camp last month , when Vilanova 's team snatched a 2-1 victory . It was one of the biggest results in Celtic 's history , behind winning the European Cup in 1967 and losing in the final three years later . "  It 's right up there , one of the proudest nights in my career , " Lennon told reporters . "  It was a monumental effort from all those players and on the anniversary of club , it 's a very special occasion . "  I wanted them to do themselves justice and they 've even surpassed that , they 've beaten the best club in the world . "  You try to weather the storm , you know it 's coming and there 's not a lot you can do . Then young Tony comes on , gives us new lease of life and scores a great second goal , and he 'll go down in history now . " Another unbeaten run came to an end as Barcelona 's conquerors in last season 's final , Chelsea , boosted hopes of reaching the last 16 after stealing a 3-2 win at home to Shakhtar Donetsk in the fourth minute of injury time . Substitute Victor Moses headed in Juan Mata 's corner to avenge last month 's 2-1 defeat away to the Ukrainian league leaders , who paid for defensive lapses at Stamford Bridge . The English team took the lead in the sixth minute when Spain striker Fernando Torres charged down an attempted clearance by goalkeeper Andriy Pyatov following a poor backpass by Yaroslav Rakitskiy . Longtime Chelsea target Willian leveled in the ninth minute but fellow Brazilian midfielder Oscar gave the home team the halftime advantage with a superb long-range volley after Pyatov - racing out of his area -- headed a clearance straight into his path . Willian equalized again straight after the break with an almost carbon copy of his first goal , this time with his left foot , but Chelsea hit back again as John Obi Mikel had a goal ruled out for offside and then 21-year-old Nigeria forward Moses followed up his goal in Saturday 's Premier League draw with Swansea . It left Shakhtar on top of Group E on goal difference from Chelsea , with Juventus a point adrift in third following a 4-0 win at home to Nordsjaelland . The Italian champions ended a run of nine successive draws in European competition as Claudio Marchisio , Arturo Vidal and Sebastian Giovinco scored in the first half , while second-half substitute Fabio Quagliarella headed the other against the Danish league winners . Manchester United ensured there would be no repeat of last season 's embarrassment by booking a place in the last 16 with two matches to spare after a 3-1 win at Portuguese club Braga . United failed to qualify from a group including Benfica , Basel and Otelul Galati as manager Alex Ferguson paid the price for resting his big names , but this time there has been no mistake with four wins from four in Group H. Braga led through Alan 's early penalty , but substitute Robin van Persie leveled before Wayne Rooney scored a penalty and a third forward , Javier Hernandez , bundled in another as United matched the late comeback in the 3-2 win at Old Trafford two weeks ago . Braga dropped to the bottom of the group after Galatasaray joined Cluj on four points with a 3-1 win in Romania . Turkey striker Burak Yilmaz scored a hat-trick to earn his club 's first win of the European campaign . Bayern Munich moved top of Group H with a 6-1 hammering of Lille that ended the French club 's hopes of qualification . Peru striker Claudio Pizarro scored a 16-minute first-half hat-trick as the Germans went above Valencia on goal difference , with Bastian Schweinsteiger , Arjen Robben and substitute Toni Kroos adding the others . Valencia moved up to second place with a 4-2 win at home to BATE Borisov , having led 3-0 after 51 minutes with goals from Jonas , Roberto Soldado -- who netted a penalty -- and Sofiane Feghouli . Renan Bressan and Dmitri Mozolevski replied but Feghouli 's second in the 86th-minute condemned the Belorussian champions to a second successive defeat .	Last season 's Champions League finalists Barcelona lose for first time in 2012-13 Spanish side could have qualified for last 16 but went down 2-1 away to Celtic Champions Chelsea snatch injury-time win at home to Shakhtar Donetsk Manchester United through to knockout stage after fourth successive victory
Only 61 people in the history of the United States have held the position . It 's the second most powerful in the country and second in line to the presidency . But after this week , not many people may want to be Speaker of the House . John Boehner , the chain-smoking , politically moderate , congressman from southwestern Ohio who has held the job for the past three years , has seen his power to corral his Republican caucus tested . He 's just come out on the losing end of a ferocious battle with President Barack Obama to reopen the government and avert a possible default . "  We fought the good fight , we just did n't win , " Boehner told a Cincinnati radio station on Wednesday . A GOP congressman who was in a closed-door meeting late Wednesday afternoon with the caucus told CNN 's Dana Bash : "  Speaker Boehner said , ` Look , I do n't want everybody beating each other up . I know this is n't everything we want , but we 're going to live to fight another day . ' " Boehner -- who despite his very public defeat is still safe in his job as the House leader , say some key conservatives -- received a standing ovation Wednesday afternoon during that meeting of the entire House Republican conference . "  I 've actually been very proud of Speaker Boehner the last two-and-a-half weeks . I do n't think that he should be ashamed of anything he has done , " Rep. Raul Labrador of Idaho told reporters . But Obama has doubted Boehner 's ability to get things done , saying earlier , "  he ca n't control his caucus . " Still , Newt Gingrich , who held the position during the last government shutdown in the mid 1990s , put it this way : "  It 's actually the hardest job in the city . " Boehner urges House GOP to support Senate deal The inside game Boehner has been challenged by the small but powerful right wing of the GOP caucus : the tea party conservatives . He was reluctantly pushed into adopting a tactic to link the debt ceiling and funding the government to defunding Obama 's signature health care plan , known as Obamacare , even though he was against the idea himself . Ultimately , that tactic failed . But wrangling with the tea party is n't his only challenge . His members range from the rebellious Rep. Justin Amash of Michigan , who publicly rebuked Boehner by calling instead for a "  bold " leader , to Rep. Frank LoBiondo of New Jersey , a Republican who represents an urban , Democratic-leaning district . And they all have different agendas and different ideas of how to push back against a Democratic Senate and a Democratic President . Still , he needs their support -- he needs at least 217 of his 232 Republicans to pass a law -- because no Speaker wants to rely on members of the opposite party to pass legislation . That 's the fastest way to lose power . But , this time , he had to do just that . The entire Democratic caucus in the House -- 198 members , with two not voting -- voted "  yes " on the bill to end the current crisis while 87 Republicans joined in to pass the law . And this is n't the first time he 's had to rely on that formula . Republican shutdown pain may boost Dems in 2014 The heavy lift "  Until you 've tried it , you can not imagine the energy level it takes to try to do what Boehner is doing , " Gingrich said . But the latest quagmire over government spending and the debt limit once again display Boehner 's challenge . Early on , many said Boehner would never get conservative members of the GOP to acquiesce on federal spending and the debt ceiling , and would need Democrats to get anything through . Even when the stakes were highest and public opinion polling against his efforts , Boehner still struggled . He straddled the GOP caucus and the President in negotiations , but ultimately fell short . As the tide was shifting and the Senate deal took shape earlier this week , Boehner made one last stab to get Republican demands attached to the bill . But he could n't get consensus among the GOP and the effort collapsed late on Tuesday . "  It 's a very severe problem if he gets beaten ... and if he gets beaten publicly , " Gingrich said . Instead of losing , Boehner simply did n't hold the vote . Cruz : Senate Republicans should have followed House Republicans He 's lost before But this was n't the first time Boehner came up short , struggling numerous times to find agreement . Last year , he was forced to pull a bill providing aid to Superstorm Sandy victims because he did n't have enough Republican support . And during the debt ceiling fight in 2011 , spending cuts totaling $ 900 billion were not enough for some members of his caucus to agree to raise the debt ceiling . At the last moment he had to pull the bill and pull out of negotiations with the President . Obama blamed "  the extreme faction in his caucus " for handcuffing Boehner . "  So there are been repeated situations where we have agreement and then he goes back and it turns out that he ca n't control his caucus , " Obama said . Boehner and Obama have not successfully completed a negotiation . Other leaders , including Vice President Joe Biden , Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid have had to carry critical negotiations over the finish line . And Republicans got very little out of this deal . Obamacare is still law and government spending was not reduced . Furthermore , public opinion is blaming the GOP . CNN Poll : Americans to blame GOP for shutdown Boehner the hero Norman Ornstein , a Congressional expert with the American Enterprise Institute , said this saga has been a "  nightmare " for Boehner . But he said his speakership is not yet over . "  He is shaken but not yet fallen , " Ornstein said . "  I think that Boehner has listened to the American people , " Jenny Beth Martin , co-founder of Tea Party Patriots said . One conservative group , Club for Growth , said they do n't worry much about Boehner . "  We do n't get a vote in who the Speaker of the House is , " spokesperson Barney Keller said . 9 things we missed during the shutdown The organization works to elect conservative members . They are notorious for running primary challengers against Republican incumbents who do n't prove their conservative cred . "  If there are enough conservatives in the House , the direction of the House will take care of itself , " Keller added . Until next time The deal to reopen the government and lift the debt ceiling simply punts the same issues until early 2014 . It 's likely that a similar fight will happen again in a few months , once again pitting Boehner in the middle of his Republican caucus and Obama . In an interview on CNN 's ` New Day , " Senator Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , clearly said what a lot of people in Washington are thinking . "  Obviously , I do n't envy the position that Speaker Boehner has been in , " she said . A deal for now , but this year 's been a legislative dud for Obama	Boehner has seen his power tested in trying to corral conservatives He told fellow members at a meeting : "  I do n't want everybody beating each other up " President Obama doubts Speaker 's ability to get things done , saying he ca n't control his caucus Boehner has had to rely on Democrats previously to pass key bills
Washington  CNN  -- In a lawsuit challenging the federal no-fly list , a U.S. District Court in Oregon has ruled that passengers have a constitutional right to fly internationally , but it has yet to decide if the government 's procedures are enough to deny that right due to security concerns . The 13 plaintiffs , including four U.S. military veterans , sued in 2010 after being stopped from traveling in aircraft . They say they believe they are on the federal no-fly list . They also say they were prevented from traveling overseas to make religious pilgrimages , visit family and attend school , since other means of travel , such as boat trips that would have lasted more than a month , were impractical . The American Civil Liberties Union , which supported the case , hailed the partial decision as a victory . "  This is the first federal court decision to recognize that when the government bans Americans from flying and smears them as suspected terrorists , it deprives them of constitutionally protected liberties and must provide these Americans a fair process to clear their names , " Nusrat Choudhury , a staff attorney for the ACLU who argued the case , told CNN . The Justice Department would not comment on the case . The plaintiffs also say the government violated their right to due process when they were put on the list with no notice or meaningful way to fight the inclusion . About 20,000 people were on the no-fly list as of 2012 , according to a counterterrorism official , including about 400 Americans . U.S. officials will not confirm who is on the no-fly list or various other terrorist watch lists complied by the F.B.I. and used by the Transportation Security Administration , airlines and other countries . The judge has asked both the government and the plaintiffs ' attorneys for more information about the redress process before deciding if the procedures are enough to prevent people from flying . There is a process for removing a person 's name by submitting information to the Department of Homeland Security . If would-be passengers are n't happy with the results , they can take the government to court . The plaintiffs said that process is not adequate , since the government never holds an administrative hearing , acknowledges if a person 's name is on the list or if it has been removed , or tells why the name was on the list in the first place . The government argued in court documents that it ca n't tell people if they are on the no-fly list because that would reveal classified information that needs to be "  shared across the government to maximize the nation 's security , without fear that such information will be disclosed whenever anyone can not travel as he or she might choose . " The next court date is set for September 9 . CNN 's Rene Marsh and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	13 plaintiffs , including four U.S. vets , sued in 2010 after being stopped from traveling in aircraft The plaintiffs say they believe they are on the federal no-fly list They call other means of travel , such as boat trips lasting more than a month , impractical The ACLU hails the ruling ; the Justice Department would not comment on the case
CNN  -- Up to three Ebola-infected travelers might board an international flight each month in West Africa , according to a new study , and potentially spread the deadly virus to other countries . Scientists used a model to predict that , on average , three people who are infected with Ebola will leave Guinea , Liberia or Sierra Leone in each of the coming months to fly to another country . They based their model on scheduled flights for September 1 to December 31 , 2014 , historic flight itineraries from 2013 , and Ebola surveillance numbers from the current outbreak . The results were published in The Lancet this week . "  We understand there could be global risks associated with the current outbreak , " said study author Dr. Isaac Bogoch , a specialist in infectious diseases and tropical medicine at the University of Toronto . "  We wanted to understand what those risks were . " Three passengers per month , or 2.8 to be exact , was around what Bogoch was expecting . Considering the number of people living in these West African countries , he says , the prevalence of the disease is still relatively low . Guinea , for example , has around 11.4 million people , and just over 1,500 recorded cases of Ebola . Nonessential travel to and from these countries has also been reduced significantly over the past six months . Of the approximately 500,000 travelers who flew out of Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone in 2013 , more than half flew to one of five countries : Ghana , Senegal , the United Kingdom , France and Gambia . In fact , the study authors say the likelihood of someone traveling to the United Kingdom or France with Ebola is about eight times higher than the likelihood of someone traveling to the United States with the disease . Of course , Ebola has already come to the United States . The study authors note that the majority of people flying out of Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone are traveling to other low - or middle-income countries . As one hospital in the United States has had some trouble preventing transmission , experts question whether less-equipped nations will be able to stop the virus . "  If you look at how challenged the U.S. has been in dealing with this one imported case , I think it 's really important for WHO and other countries to up the preparedness in areas where they might have less resources , " said Dr. Jesse Goodman , professor of medicine and infectious diseases at Georgetown University , who was not involved with the study . The researchers also looked at the effectiveness of airport screenings in stopping the spread of the Ebola virus . Overall , they concluded that exit screening is more effective than screening passengers for Ebola when they arrive in another country . Exit screening at three airports is easier , Bogoch says , and requires fewer resources than doing entry screening at hundreds of airports around the globe . But even exit screening , he says , is unlikely to have much effect because of the virus ' long incubation period . Someone can be infected with Ebola for up to 21 days before becoming symptomatic . That 's how Thomas Eric Duncan made it to the United States with the virus ; his temperature was taken before he boarded , but his symptoms did n't start until several days after his flight landed . Airport screenings are "  a control measure , but an imperfect control measure , " says Dr. William Schaffner , an expert on infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University . Schaffner compares it to making fresh-squeezed juice : Airport screenings , from a fundamental public health point of view , he says , are "  very much squeeze with very little juice . " The bottom line is that the vast majority of our resources , Bogoch said , should be focused on preventing the spread of infection in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . "  If there are fewer cases in West Africa , fewer  infected  people will be boarding planes to other parts of the world , " he says . "  That said , we still have to be prepared elsewhere . Because we know from experience that it can land on our doorstep . "	Scientists use model to predict number of Ebola-infected travelers leaving West Africa Up to three people with the deadly virus might travel internationally each month Majority of people flying out of affected countries are going to low - or middle-income nations
French President Francois Hollande signed into law Saturday a bill allowing same-sex couples to marry and adopt . It came a day after the nation 's top court , the Constitutional Council , ruled that the bill adheres to the constitution . "  The most historic part is that future generations will no longer have to ask themselves if they have the right to marry and if they are recognized by their country because now they are , " Vincent Autin told CNN affiliate BFMTV . He and his companion said they plan to become the first same-sex couple to tie the knot in France when they do so on May 29 in Montpellier . The city in southern France issued a statement inviting people to attend . Autin , who had campaigned for the change , said the new law represents "  the vision of modernity , the vision of equality , the vision of respect for all and for all couples , all the children . " In a last-ditch attempt to stop the bill from becoming law , conservative opponents filed a legal challenge after lawmakers approved it . Passing legislation to allow same-sex marriage was one of Hollande 's election pledges in campaigning last year . In a statement Friday , he recognized the controversial nature of the bill , but said France was able to listen to and respect different points of view . "  I 'm convinced that with the passage of time this law will be seen for what it is : progress for equality and for freedom , " he said . The move was opposed by many conservatives and the Catholic Church in France , prompting hundreds of thousands of people to turn out for protest marches in Paris as politicians debated the bill . Many conservatives and the Catholic Church opposed the move , prompting hundreds of thousands of protesters to march in Paris as politicians debated the bill . Same-sex marriage : Who will legalize it next ? The new law , published Saturday morning after Hollande 's signature , admits France to a small but growing club . It is the ninth country in Europe to allow same sex marriage . Lawmakers in New Zealand this year made it the first country in the Asia-Pacific region to legalize same-sex marriage . The law is set to be enacted later this year . Uruguayan lawmakers have also approved a measure allowing same-sex marriage . It awaits the signature of Uruguay 's president , who has indicated he supports it . If the laws in New Zealand and Uruguay are enacted as expected , the count of nations allowing same-sex marriage will rise to 14 . The first same-sex couples walked down the aisle in the Netherlands in 2001 , with others following suit in Canada , South Africa , Belgium and Spain . Argentina was the first Latin American nation to legalize such marriages , in 2010 . Other countries on the list are Denmark , Iceland , Norway , Portugal and Sweden . Many countries remain split over the issue . A Brazilian court this week issued a directive removing a barrier that had limited same-sex marriage , but no bill has made it through Congress . Legislators in the United Kingdom are also weighing proposals to legalize same-sex marriage . Lawmakers in Australia voted against a bill to legalize same-sex marriage last September . A poll for the advocacy group Australian Marriage Equality indicated that 64 % of those surveyed "  support marriage equality . " In the United States , the question went before the Supreme Court and justices are deliberating over the matter . Twelve U.S. states and the District of Columbia have legalized same-sex marriages . On the other side , many states have specific laws blocking same-sex couples from legally marrying .	Couple plans first such ceremony France is the ninth country in Europe to allow same-sex marriage Conservatives and the Catholic Church in France opposed the move 12 U.S. states and the District of Columbia have legalized same-sex marriage
CNN  -- Israel has issued a rare statement of "  regret " for the recent deaths of several Egyptian security personnel , hours after Egypt said it was recalling its ambassador . Egypt 's government posted a statement Saturday saying its ambassador would be withdrawn until Israel conducted an investigation into what it called "  indiscriminate shelling " that led to the deaths of at least three security forces in its Sinai region on Thursday . Later in the day , the statement was taken down without explanation . Top-level Israel security officials met Saturday with Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak , who quickly issued a statement vowing that Israel would conduct a military investigation , followed by a joint examination with the Egyptian military , of the incident . "  We regret the deaths of members of the Egyptian security forces during the terror attack on the Israeli-Egyptian border , " Barak said . "  The Israel-Egypt Peace Treaty has great importance and much strategic value for the stability of the Middle East . " The tense situation between Israel and Egypt comes amid heightened tensions in the region following Israeli strikes in Gaza after a series of attacks in southern Israel on Thursday that targeted buses , cars and soldiers . An Egyptian military official said Israeli forces may have been targeting militants near Egypt 's border with Gaza when they struck and killed the Egyptian security personnel . On Saturday , the Mideast Quartet -- the United Nations , the United States , Russia , and the European Union -- condemned Thursday 's "  premeditated terrorism " attacks on Israel , and warned that it remains concerned about the situation in Gaza . It also expressed concern about the security situation in Egypt 's Sinai peninsula . "  Recent commitments by the Egyptian government to address the security situation in the Sinai are important , and the Quartet encourages the Egyptian government to find a lasting resolution to the issue of Sinai security , " it said . No one in Israel 's armed forces intentionally acted to harm Egyptian security personnel , Amos Gilad , a defense official involved in maintaining Israel 's relationship with the Egyptian military , told Israeli Radio on Saturday . He also stressed the strategic importance of the 1979 peace treaty between the two countries . Outside the Israeli Embassy in Cairo , hundreds of demonstrators gathered Saturday to protest the killings and demand Egypt sever its ties with Israel . Egyptian state-run TV showed protesters burning Israeli flags and chanting "  Egyptian blood is not cheap . " Israel believes that the attacks had their roots in Gaza , but were coming out of the neighboring Egyptian region of Sinai . "  The Egyptian control over Sinai is weakening and this is probably the reason that this attack that originated in Gaza has made it all the way down here , " Barak said Thursday . The Egyptian claims of Israeli forces killing three of its security members and injuring four surfaced Thursday , the same day Israel launched airstrikes on Gaza . Senior Egyptian military and security forces told CNN that two members of the Central Security Force and one military officer were killed in clashes east of Ras Al-Naqab , 13 kilometers north of Taba . At the time , an Israeli helicopter was in the area chasing militants in the aftermath of the attacks on Israelis , said Gen. Saleh Al Masry , head of security in North Sinai Province . "  The Israeli ground troops engaged with armed militants 200 meters from the Egyptian border which may have also led to casualties on the Egyptian side , " said Lt. Col. Amr Imam , the Egyptian army spokesman . "  We have reinforced our border guards and raised the level of alert . " The rising tensions also come as questions are being raised in Israel about the Egyptian military presence in the demilitarized zone in Sinai , which was created under the terms of the Camp David Agreement signed in 1978 between Egypt and Israel . Since the overthrow of Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak , the security situation in Sinai has deteriorated . Senior Egyptian officials said several weeks ago that more than 23,000 prisoners escaped from prisons in Egypt in late January and February because of the breakdown in regime authority . Additionally , travel between Egypt and Gaza has become much easier since the Military Council reopened the border crossing at Rafah in late May . But along with traders -- and Gazans just wanting a break from their cramped sliver of territory -- there are signs that Islamist groups are taking advantage of weaker security . The crossing is the only land passage out of Gaza not directly under Israeli control . Egypt claims it has been cracking down on terror groups in its portion of the Sinai , exchanging fire with militants on its side of the border . "  The security at border has not been affected by the revolution , and no one from Egypt has crossed through to conduct the attacks on Israel , " said Khaled Fouda , the governor of Southern Sinai , an Egyptian province . He said the distance between where the Egyptian forces were attacked and the border of Egypt was too far to allow the sort of attack against the Israelis that sparked the strikes on Gaza . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Talal Abu Rahma , Guy Azriel , Ben Wedeman , Salma Abdelaziz and journalist Mohamad Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	NEW : Quartet warns Egypt to ` address the security situation ' in Sinai Israel issues rare statement of ` regret ' over Egyptian security forces ' deaths Israeli defense minister : Military investigation , and joint probe with Egypt , will take place Egypt posted a statement saying it would recall its ambassador ; statement later removed
CNN  -- Hate to stand in long lines on Black Friday ? After getting your fill of Thanksgiving turkey , go online instead . Cyber Monday , December 2 , is n't just for toys and electronics . You can also find great travel deals you can book as gifts for the intrepid jet-setter on your list , or for your wanderlust self . Here is a sampling of travel deals from the sun-drenched beaches of the Caribbean and Florida , the white-frosted slopes of Colorado , cosmopolitan New York and Boston and Europe 's rails -- and lots more . Note that some offerings have blackout dates and are for limited time only . So remember , the early bird gobbles up the deals ; you can start shopping at the stroke of midnight on December 2 in most cases . Schuss the slopes Hotel Jerome in the heart of Aspen , Colorado , is offering 30 % off room rates ; three-night minimum required , fully prepaid and nonrefundable . Valid travel dates are through the end of ski season  blackout dates apply  . Philadelphia story Book one of the renovated business class rooms in the Radisson Blu Warwick Hotel and pay $ 19.26 , in honor of the year the historic hotel opened . Valid travel dates are December 2 , 2013 , through February 28 , 2014  based upon availability , blackout dates , other conditions apply  . Across the pond Rail Europe is offering its first Cyber Monday promo  which extends to December 6  offering $ 100 off Global and Select Eurail passes . Valid travel dates are December 2 , 2013 , through March 31 , 2014 . Visit the rail website and enter coupon code CYBER2013 . Shelling out less in Florida Book three or more consecutive nights at Captiva Island 's South Seas Island Resort on Cyber Monday and receive 25 % off the best available rate . Valid travel dates are December 2 , 2014 , through March 21 , 2014  subject to blackout dates , certain accommodation types  . Book it via Facebook at www.facebook.com/southseasresortvillage or Twitter @SSIslandResort . Warm weather paradise The deal in Aruba : The beachfront Hyatt Regency Aruba Resort Spa and Casino is offering a gimmicky 12/2/2013-themed promo that features 20 % off a deluxe room , a $ 12.02 daily cocktail credit at Piet 's Pier Bar , and a $ 20.13 daily credit at ZoiA Spa . Valid travel dates are May , June , September , October and November , 2014 . Book it on Cyber Monday , from 12:02 a.m. to 8:13 p.m.  20:13  , via the website or call 011-297-586-1234 . The deal in Tortola : Book the spacious , private Cielo Villa on Tortola for a week 's stay and get 20 % off rates that begin at $ 390 per night . Valid travel dates are December 15 , 2013 , to December 15 , 2014 . Book it on Cyber Monday , from 6 a.m. to midnight , visit www.vrbo.com and enter property # 272558 or call 978-462-7091 . The deal on Paradise Island : Beginning Black Friday through Cyber Monday , book a minimum two nights in a Beach Tower room at family-friendly Atlantis Resort on Paradise Island for $ 99 per night . Bonus : Rates are refundable . Valid travel dates are August 24 , 2014 , to October 29 , 2014 , and November 30 , 2014 , to December 25 , 2014 .  Deals for other travel dates are also offered , blackout dates and other terms apply . Empire state of mind The deal on Madison : Madison Avenue 's historic Roosevelt Hotel is offering a two-hour Flash Sale on Cyber Monday offering 50 % off best available rates for select rooms . Valid travel dates are January 3 , 2014 , to March 31 , 2014 . Book it at https://www.reservations-page.com/C00268/H01416/be.ashx?pc=CY50 between 10 a.m. and noon  EST  and enter rate code CY50 .  Bookings must be prepaid , are nonrefundable , and subject to availability and blackout dates . The deal in the Village : Great Gatsby-inspired Jade Hotel in Greenwich Village is offering a 1920 's - themed package that includes a $ 192 room rate , lunch at Grape & Vine for $ 19.20 and two 1920 's theme cocktails . Valid travel dates are January and February , 2014 . Book it on Cyber Monday between midnight and 7:20 p.m.  19:20  . Budget bonus The economy lodging chain Red Roof Inns is featuring up to 30 % off room rates on properties nationwide  discounts vary according to property , subject to blackout dates  . Valid travel dates are December 3 through February 28 , 2014 . Book by visiting the hotel website and use VP code 616892 or call 800-RED-ROOF . California surfin ' the Web The deal in Beverly Hills : A credit card-throw from LA 's Rodeo Drive , the Montage Beverly Hills is offering 40 % off best available room rates and a complimentary bottle of champagne upon arrival  excluding packages and previously booked rooms  . Valid travel dates are December 2 , 2013 , through February 28 , 2014  blackout dates December 21 to 31 , 2013 , and January weekends  . The deal in Berkeley : Book any room category and receive 40 % off the best available rate at the historic Claremont Hotel , Club & Spa in Berkeley . Valid travel dates are December 2 , 2013 , through April 30 , 2014  based upon availability , blackout dates apply  . Book it at the hotel website using promo code CYBER . Do n't leave home until you book it American Express is offering its first Cyber Monday deal , a 72-hour promo at participating hotels throughout the USA and Canada , for limited post-holiday travel . Valid travel dates are January 13 , 2014 , to January 31 , 2014 . The 72-hour promotion begins on Cyber Monday at www.amextravel.com . Red Sox nation The deal in Cape Cod : Cape Cod 's beachfront Sea Crest Beach Hotel is offering up to 30 % off room rates for three nights or more and 20 % off one - or two-night stays . Valid travel dates are December 6 , 2013 , to June 16 , 2014  blackout dates and certain terms may apply  . Visit the website at midnight on Black Friday through Cyber Monday . The deal in Boston 's Back Bay : Stay two nights and get 10 % off the best available rate per night and upgrade upon arrival at handsome Fifteen Beacon hotel in Boston 's Back Bay . Valid travel dates are December 2 , 2013 , through March 31 , 2014 . Book it Cyber Monday by visiting the website or call 617-670-1500 . The deal in Boston 's Faneuil Hall : The Bostonian Millennium , across from Faneuil Hall , is offering a $ 129 room rate for Friday and Sunday nights and a 30 % discount off best available rates other nights . The deal begins Black Friday and runs through Cyber Monday . Valid travel dates are November 29 , 2013 , through March 2014 . Book It by visiting the website and use code CYBERM . How about a Saturday sale ? South Carolina beach destination Myrtle Beach is launching Travel Saturday , a one-day cybertravel shopping event on November 30 . "  We 're looking forward to seeing how consumers react to having the chance to purchase heavily discounted travel deals while they 're still surrounded by family and could be setting the dates for their 2014 travel plans , " said Susan Phillips , director of marketing for the Myrtle Beach Area Chamber of Commerce/CVB . Discounts include 35 % off room rates during the peak summer months and perks like free rounds of golf and 50 % off tickets to attractions like Ripley 's Aquarium . Visit www.VisitMyrtleBeach.com/TravelSaturday .	You could be getting a tan in Florida or the Caribbean at a discount New York is chilly but Greenwich Village and Madison Avenue are still hot Boston and Cape Cod are on sale this time of year
Paris , France  CNN  -- Thousands of travelers in France were stranded after lightning shut down a main train station on Saturday , the first day of the summer holiday for students . Lightening struck an electrical facility in Bretigny-sur-Orge , on the outskirts of Paris , forcing the closure of the Austerlitz station and affecting 40,000 travelers , a French National Railway official told CNN . However , traffic at Austerlitz station had resumed as of 6 p.m.  noon ET  , CNN affiliate BFM reported , citing officials with railway agency . Electronic repairs on the railway had been completed by the evening , and traffic was expected to run smoothly by Sunday . Earlier , railway officials had warned of delays and encouraged passengers to postpone their trips . Passengers who were unable to take trains Saturday will be issued refunds , BFM reported . The station is used by trains leaving for southern France and Spain as well as commuter service to other parts of Paris .	NEW : Report : Traffic at Austerlitz station resumes Lightning strikes electrical facility in Bretigny-sur-Orge , outside Paris Forces closure of Austerlitz station in capital The station is used by trains leaving for southern France and Spain
Thanks to the flu , a broken ankle , a staph infection , and bronchitis , plus several school cancellations , my three children were at home -- hurting , vomiting , coughing , or tracking muddy water into our house -- all but seven days last February .  Shall I pause to let the horror of that number sink in ? All but seven .  I 'm normally an efficient , organized person who thrives on plans and checklists , but by the end of that month , I 'd accomplished almost nothing beyond reading aloud the entire fifth book of Harry Potter . I felt so anxious that I was on the verge of hyperventilation . Originally a form of self-defense , the ancient Chinese art of tai chi promotes serenity through gentle movement . "  You need to close your eyes , take a deep breath , and imagine yourself surrounded by an egg of light , " a Buddhist friend said . But when I closed my eyes and took a breath , I was surrounded by used tissues and dirty laundry . Obviously , I was in need of some inner peace . Studies have shown that learning to still the mind , if only for a few minutes , can lower blood pressure , reduce heart rate , limit stress hormones , and enhance immune function . But traditional forms of meditation do n't work for me . If I sit still and close my eyes , I fall asleep or think about my to-do list . So , I gave myself a new task : Find an activity that calms my mind without giving my weary body a chance to nod off . Does such a thing exist ? Health.com : Making time for me Tai chi This ancient Chinese practice -- believed to offer all the health benefits of silent meditation while giving you something to do with your hands and feet -- seemed like an obvious place to start for an antsy , toe-tapping sort like me . The thing is , I have a poor sense of balance and tai chi often requires standing on one foot . To avoid the not-so-peaceful experience of looking like a dork in front of a group of total strangers , I opted for a DVD , with only the tiniest hope of success . I surprised myself . The quiet music and the calm voice of the middle-aged woman demonstrating the moves were so reassuring that I forgot I looked like an idiot . The effort it took to follow along in what resembles the slow-motion version of a beautiful dance was literally mesmerizing . If I did n't feel peaceful , exactly , at least I was filled with quiet concentration , the kind that banishes all thoughts of picky eaters , mortgage payments , and unreliable co-workers . I emerged from the first lesson feeling refreshed and rested . Health.com : A new prescription for happiness Knitting I have friends who are passionate about knitting . Do n't they know that it 's possible to buy an immediately wearable sweater for less than the cost of the yarn it takes to knit one ? Nonetheless , stressed-out 21st-century workingwomen are returning in droves to the craft . It made no sense to me ... until I tried it , that is . Knitting , it turns out , is the perfect example of active stillness . In fact , 20 minutes of knitting can lower your heart rate and blood pressure -- the same physical response triggered by yoga , Tai Chi , or meditation . Some hospitals have even begun to offer knitting courses for stress release . The secret seems to lie in the soothing combination of rhythm and repetition . By the end of my first lesson , I 'd become proficient enough that my hands could make the motions almost automatically . The sound of the needles had a metronomic quality , a calming pace that automatically slowed my thoughts . And the feel of the wool sliding through my fingers was almost like a caress . Health.com : Boost your mood with color Walking in the woods I 'd read somewhere that exposure to nature can boost a person 's general well-being and sense of calm -- and I certainly needed a dose of that . So I headed to some nearby woods where the redbuds and crab apples were in full bloom . Birds called piercingly , squirrels quarreled , and high branches clattered together in the wind . In other words , nothing about the forest was still or quiet or remotely peaceful , but somehow it made me feel peaceful . I stopped thinking about my family and work deadlines and all that laundry . In fact , I stopped thinking altogether . Back at my car , I checked the clock and was shocked to learn that more than an hour had passed . Now , I ca n't realistically give up an hour every day to nature . But studies have shown that even small doses of nature can be healing , so I 've tried a few smaller-scale nature interactions , as well . I started a small aquarium , planted a windowsill bean garden , and hung a bird feeder where I can see it from my desk . Health.com : Make time to play OK , so the fish are n't as interesting as I 'd hoped for : Watching them swim aimlessly in their small tank , in constant motion but getting absolutely nowhere , hits a little too close to home for me . But the sight of tiny leaves unfurling on the bean vines and the scent of soil filling the room when I water them have been surprisingly gratifying . As for the bird feeder ? It 's the best minidose of nature I 've found so far . All spring I watched goldfinches and cardinals courting right outside my window . Watching them hop from branch to branch as they get their fill and move out of the way for others to feed may not be meditation , per se , but it 's something similar -- a reminder that the world can offer peace and stillness , even in the midst of mayhem . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Stilling your mind can lower blood pressure , reduce heart rate , limit stress hormones If traditional meditation leaves you sleepy , try mind-calming activities Tai chi believed to offer benefits of silent meditation but with movement 20 minutes of knitting can lower your heart rate and blood pressure
CNN  -- Facetime with Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al-Maktoum Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al-Maktoum , Chairman of Emirates Airlines talks strategy and adresses rumours about the airline . Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al-Maktoum , Chairman of Emirates Airlines is at the center of Dubai 's aviation industry . As the world witnesses an unprecedented economic downturn , Emirates has embarked on a $ 4 billion expansion plan . MME speaks to Sheikh Ahmed to find out about his strategy , and address rumors about the airline itself . In focus -- Risky business Northern Iraq holds great potential , which is largely underdeveloped and the country is thirsting for investors . But , there are risks , with the potential for conflict on three fronts . There are other risks too , according to Herish Mohammed , Head of the Board of Investment of the Kurdish Controlled Region -- an ancient banking system , lack of insurance policies and corruption . But as one American entrepreneur put it -- it 's not just about the money , it 's about the adventure . Watch the show this week at the times  GMT  below : Friday : 0915 , 1945 Saturday : 0645 Sunday : 0815	Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al-Maktoum , Chairman of Emirates Airlines Al-Maktoum , who is at the heart of Dubai 's aviation industry , on the economic downturn Plus , the huge investment potential in Northern Iraq , despite the risks
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot , the suspect in a young woman 's slaying this week in Peru and previously considered a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway in Aruba , was captured Thursday in Chile , authorities said . Van der Sloot is the main suspect in this week 's slaying of 21-year-old Stephany Flores Ramirez , who was found Wednesday in a Lima , Peru , hotel room registered to the Dutch man . Chilean police told CNN that paperwork showed that van der Sloot entered Chile on Wednesday . Peruvian Interior Minister Octavio Salazar Miranda said Thursday that Peru has made arrangements with Interpol to extradite van der Sloot . Interpol confirmed that Chile will send van der Sloot back to Peru . Van der Sloot also faces an arrest warrant on charges of extortion and wire fraud in Alabama , U.S. Attorney Joyce Vance said Thursday . The charges are unrelated to the killing of a Peruvian woman , and deal with an attempt to sell details about Holloway for $ 250,000 , Vance said . Van der Sloot , 23 , was traveling alone in a taxi near the Chilean central coastal city of Vina del Mar when he was detained , said Douglas Rodriguez , spokesman for the Chilean Investigative Police . Van der Sloot was transported Thursday afternoon to police headquarters in Santiago , Chile 's capital . TV images showed him emerging from a black police SUV at the police station . His hair , which had been black in previous images , was red and worn in a close-cropped crew cut . In Peru , a wake was held Thursday in Lima for Flores , who was scheduled to be buried later in the day . An uncle of Natalee Holloway said he was saddened by the Flores family 's loss . "  We are disappointed that Joran has been able to do this to another young girl , " Paul Reynolds told CNN . "  He was not held accountable for what happened to Natalee and as a result has been able to repeat his actions . Sorry this other family has to go through the same thing we have . Van der Sloot , who was arrested in connection with Holloway 's disappearance in 2005 but later released , has denied any involvement in her case . There is "  incriminating evidence " linking van der Sloot to the killing of Flores , said Peruvian criminal investigator Cesar Guardia Vasquez . The woman 's bludgeoned body was found in Room 309 of the Hotel Tac in the Miraflores section of Lima , police said . She suffered blunt trauma to the head , breaking her neck , and to her torso and back , Peruvian police said Thursday . Van der Sloot had been staying at the hotel since arriving from Colombia on May 14 , police said . Room 309 was booked in his name , authorities said . A hotel guest and an employee witnessed the pair entering the hotel room together at 5 a.m. Sunday , Guardia said . Police have video of van der Sloot and Flores together the previous night at the Atlantic City Casino in Lima , he said . Two Peruvian cab drivers said in an interview on CNN affiliate America TV that they drove a man matching van der Sloot 's description to a city on the other side of the Chilean border . "  He paid me and I took him to Arica , to the border , " cab driver Oswaldo Aparcana said . The man sat in the front seat and smoked many cigarettes , Aparcana said . The passenger told the cabbies he used to live in Aruba , said the other driver , Carlos Alberto Uribe . The victim 's father said he believes van der Sloot is responsible for the young woman 's death . "  We have all the evidence to show that the killer is this man , " businessman and race-car driver Ricardo Flores told CNN en Espaol . But van der Sloot 's former attorney , Joseph Tacopina , told CNN it was too early to reach any conclusions . "  I just think we need to take a step back before we get to the ' I told you so ' stage , and let 's see what the evidence is here , " Tacopina said Thursday . Tacopina said he is not representing van der Sloot and no longer has a good relationship with the family . Holloway , the Alabama teenager , disappeared May 30 , 2005 , five years to the day since the hotel videotape that officials say showed van der Sloot and Flores going into his hotel room . Both women are reported to have met van der Sloot at a night spot . Ricardo Flores said police found his daughter 's car about 50 blocks from the hotel . Inside the car , he said , authorities found pills like those used in date rapes . Ricardo Flores said he did not believe his daughter knew the Dutch citizen beforehand . Both of them speak English and they struck up conversation at the casino , he said . Interpol had alerted its office in Chile and other bordering countries of the case and placed them on alert in case van der Sloot tried to leave that country , Peruvian Interpol Interim Director Gerson Ortiz told CNN . Van der Sloot was arrested in Aruba in 2005 along with two other men , brothers Deepak and Satish Kalpoe , in connection with Holloway 's disappearance . They were later released . In 2007 , they were arrested a second time after Aruba 's then-chief prosecutor , Hans Mos , said he had received new evidence in the case . Van der Sloot , who was attending college in the Netherlands , was brought back to Aruba . But judges ruled the new evidence -- which included an Internet chat the same day Holloway disappeared in which one of the three youths said she was dead -- was not enough to keep them jailed . In 2008 , prosecutors sought unsuccessfully to arrest van der Sloot a third time after a videotape surfaced on Dutch television . In it , van der Sloot tells a man he considered to be his friend that he had sex with Holloway on the beach after leaving the nightclub , then she "  started shaking " and lost consciousness . He said he panicked when he could not resuscitate her and called a friend who had a boat . The two put Holloway 's body in the boat , he said , and then he went home . The friend told him the next day that he had carried the body out and dumped it in the ocean . But an Aruba court ruled there was not enough evidence to re-arrest him . Aruban prosecutors said authorities had met with van der Sloot in the Netherlands , but in a two-hour interview he denied any role in Holloway 's disappearance . CNN 's Beth Carey contributed to this report .	Extradition to Peru arranged , say Chilean interior minister , Interpol Joran van der Sloot entered Chile on Wednesday , Chile says Woman 's body found Wednesday in his hotel room , police say Van der Sloot previously a suspect in Alabama teen 's disappearance
Washington  CNN  -- It 's called "  plucking the bird , " a strategy based on the analogy of pulling one feather at a time so the bird does n't notice until it realizes it ca n't fly . That appears to be how the National Rifle Association and its allies in Congress are trying to overcome what would seem to be overwhelming public support for stronger gun legislation in the aftermath of the Newtown school massacre . A sophisticated campaign led by the influential gun lobby shifts the focus of the battle among various provisions , raises new arguments to old issues and proposes solutions that would expand weapons use and training instead of increasing regulation . "  The NRA 's modus operandi has always been to try and weaken and take down as many of these laws as possible , " noted Lanae Erickson Hatalsky of Third Way , a moderate Democratic think tank that proposes policy compromises on major issues . To NRA officials , its efforts are all in defense of constitutional rights intended to preserve personal freedom against any kind of government encroachment , especially laws they say will hinder and harass gun owners . "  If you are n't free to protect yourself -- when government puts its thumb on that freedom -- then you are n't free at all , " the group 's CEO and executive vice president , Wayne LaPierre , said last month . The NRA exerts its political clout through a rating system that identifies friends and foes of its positions in Congress , as well as substantial contributions to political campaigns it favors or opponents of candidates it dislikes . On the other side , President Barack Obama has been waging a public pressure campaign for tougher gun laws , an effort he continued Wednesday in Colorado , the site of two of the nation 's most notorious mass shootings . Obama on background checks : ` Practical progress ' on gun violence Legislators in the state , where guns and hunting are popular , recently passed stricter firearms laws similar to what Obama seeks at the federal level . "  There does n't have to be a conflict between protecting our citizens and protecting our Second Amendment rights , " Obama said , calling Colorado a model for that kind of solution . Obama did n't refer to the NRA by name , but he noted that opponents of tougher gun laws were "  well-organized " and "  well-connected . " He called for an honest debate , saying "  we 've got to get past some of the rhetoric that gets perpetuated that breaks down trust . " The president will make a similar appearance on Monday in Connecticut , less than four months after the Newtown attack by a lone gunman firing a semi-automatic rifle that would be prohibited under legislation under consideration in the U.S. Senate . Polls show the American public backs the president 's position . A new survey Wednesday by MSNBC 's "  Morning Joe " and Marist College found that 60 % of respondents want stricter laws governing the sale of firearms . In particular , it showed 87 % of respondents support expanded background checks , with strong backing from Democrats , independents and Republicans . Obama complained in his speech that Senate opponents who are certain to filibuster any legislation will do "  everything they can to avoid even allowing a vote on a proposal the overwhelming majority of the American people support . " "  They 're saying your opinion does n't matter , " Obama said . It remained unclear whether a package of new gun laws recently passed by the Senate Judiciary Committee can overcome a certain filibuster by Senate Republicans that would block it from debate and a floor vote . The package includes expanding background checks to all firearms sales , tougher laws against gun trafficking and straw purchases , and studying ways to improve school safety . A fourth proposal that would reinstate a ban on semi-automatic firearms modeled after military assault rifles already has been dropped due to opposition by the NRA , all Republicans and some Democrats , though Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid promises a floor vote on it as an amendment . Background checks opposed Now the push for expanded background checks also could fall under assault from the NRA , which once backed the change . The proposal would add most private firearms sales to the current system in which licensed gun sellers check if a potential buyer has a criminal record or other prohibiting factor . The NRA contends record-keeping as part of an expanded background check system would serve as the first step toward a national gun registry that it considers a violation of the Second Amendment right to bear arms . Gun vote unlikely to happen next week It also says the change would fail to prevent criminals from obtaining firearms while imposing new burdens on law-abiding gun owners by including private weapons sales at gun shows and between friends in the background check system , from which they are currently exempt . "  This idea of private individuals transferring their weapons and having to go through a background check makes no sense , " conservative Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said on CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . Instead , Graham and the NRA advocate adding more information on people who are mentally ill to the existing system to prevent them from obtaining firearms . Supporters of tougher gun laws deny that expanded background checks would lead to a national gun registry , and they argue that the current law 's exemption of private sales amounts to a loophole for straw purchasers obtaining guns for others ineligible to buy them on their own , including the mentally ill . "  We 're not proposing gun registration ; we 're proposing background checks for criminals , " Obama declared Wednesday . While Reid said he wanted a vote on the gun law package next week when the Senate returns from its spring break , two Democratic sources said that was unlikely because of the hangup over background checks . Erickson Hatalsky of Third Way said negotiations under way between Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma and Democratic Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York would determine if a compromise on the background check provision was possible . If so , the backing of Coburn , who gets an "  A " rating from the NRA for his record on gun rights , would cause enough other Senate Republicans to join him in voting with Democrats to overcome a filibuster , she said . A compromise backed by Senate Republicans also would have more traction in the GOP-led House . Straw purchases provision challenged The NRA and Republicans also are challenging another provision of the Senate legislation intended to crack down on straw purchases , arguing the current language is too broad and could penalize the original seller of a weapon that passes through several hands . Proposed by Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Pat Leahy , D-Vermont , the measure was the one in the bill that had been given the best chance of winning eventual congressional approval . The NRA 's influence was on display Tuesday when former GOP Rep. Asa Hutchinson indicated to CNN that he differed with the NRA , then later clarified that he joined the organization in opposing the kind of expansion proposed by the Senate legislation . "  I 'm open to expanding background checks , " Hutchinson said initially in an interview about a panel he headed that was set up by the NRA to examine school safety following the Newtown attack . Such expanded checks must be done "  in a way that does not infringe upon an individual and make it hard for an individual to transfer to a friend or a neighbor or somebody , " he added . After the remarks , an NRA spokesman told CNN that Hutchinson was "  not speaking " for the group . Hutchinson later affirmed that he was not speaking for the NRA , and put his remarks in line with the group 's position of including only more information on people with mental illness in the existing National Instant Check System . "  I have been focused on school safety and the interview surprised me by almost exclusively asking about the ongoing gun control debate , " Hutchinson said in an e-mail to CNN . "  On background checks , my recollection is that I noted there is insufficient data in the NICS and that needs to be fixed and expanded . I am certainly ` open ' to legislation that addresses expansion of data in the NICS . " Hutchinson 's task force called Tuesday for training and arming adults in schools to reduce the response time in the event of an attack like the one in Newtown . Connecticut assembly to vote on gun law overhaul "  Our mandate was to deal with the issue of inside the four walls of the classroom , the school property , for safety , because you can have your background checks , you can have all kinds of side issues or gun control , " Hutchinson said . But those "  will not make a difference for the safety in the classroom because you 've always got vulnerability there . " CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Gregory Wallace , Jim Acosta , Paul Steinhauser and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama calls for an honest debate on gun laws The major provisions of Senate gun proposals are in jeopardy A proposed ban on semi-automatic weapons appears dead Senators negotiate a possible compromise on expanded background checks
Prosecutors in the Mexican state of Guerrero said Friday they have formally charged former Iguala Mayor Jose Luis Abarca in the disappearance of 43 students . Abarca is described as the "  probable mastermind " in the September 26 disappearance of the students . He is charged with six counts of aggravated homicide and one count of attempted homicide , the state attorney 's office said . Authorities said the students -- mostly men in their 20s studying to be teachers -- were abducted by police in September at Abarca 's direction . Police killed some students , and the rest are believed to have been turned over to gang members to be executed , Mexican Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam has said . The men 's bodies were burned , and some remains were thrown in a river . The students were traveling to Iguala to protest a lack of funding for their school . Officials have said that Abarca ordered the city 's police chief to stop the demonstration out of concern it would disrupt one of his own events . Opinion : Mexico kidnappings : Outrage is n't going away In all , at least 74 people have been arrested in connection with the disappearances and deaths , which have sparked huge protests across Mexico . The governor of Guerrero has taken a leave of absence after being criticized for failing to act quickly enough in the matter .	Ex-mayor implicated in disappearance of students is formally charged Jose Luis Abarca is accused of aggravated homicide and attempted homicide Officials say he is the "  probable mastermind " behind the September abductions
CNN  -- Designer elephants have invaded Hong Kong 's Pacific Place mall , attracting a stampede of photographers and tourists . The Elephant Parade , created by Marc Spits in 2006 , invites artists and celebrities to design and decorate large elephant statues to be displayed in public spaces . This year 's collection includes pieces from fashion designer Diane von Furstenberg and local actor Donnie Yen . The statues were auctioned off on Thursday at Island Shangri-La , Hong Kong . The auction raised HK$ 2,150,000  $ 277,398  for the herd of 31 elephants . Proceeds will be donated to the Asia Elephant Foundation , whose conservation efforts range from funding hospitals to lobbying governments . Idea born from a baby elephant The idea was born in Chiang Mai , Thailand . Spits was vacationing in the northern Thai city in 2006 when he met Mosha at an elephant hospital . The baby elephant had lost her front right leg after stepping on a landmine . "  The hospital said it would like to operate on the elephant and give her a prosthetic leg but did n't have the money for that , " says Mike Spits , co-founder of the parade and Marc 's son . The first Elephant Parade was held in Rotterdam , Netherlands , in 2007 . Since then , the colorful pachyderms have been auctioned off around the world . The herd arrived in Hong Kong 's Pacific Place , City Plaza and Citygate Outlets for the first time in August . Spits says humans are the biggest threat to elephants . "  The speed of human development , particularly in this part of the world , leads to a fight for space , " says Spits . "  And the elephant often loses that fight . "	"  Elephant Parade " features series of colorfully decorated elephant statues The elephants are on display throughout Hong Kong The statues are auctioned off for charity Auction this week in Hong Kong raised $ 277,398 for the Asia Elephant Foundation
CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray was suffering financially with nearly $ 435,000 in judgments and liens against him over the past two years , according to court documents . Then he decided to leave his practice and work for Michael Jackson , getting paid $ 150,000 a month . Dr. Conrad Murray was with Michael Jackson on the day that he died . Before working with the King of Pop , Murray spent most of his time operating clinics in both Nevada and Texas after graduating from Meharry Medical College , a historically black school in Nashville , Tennessee , in 1989 . He spent his internship and residency years in California . At the clinics in Houston , Texas , and Las Vegas , Nevada , his patients had been surprised to learn that he would be leaving his private practice to work with Jackson . Watch profile of Dr. Conrad Murray " Many told news outlets they support their former physician as he faces scrutiny by authorities investigating Jackson 's death . "  I do n't care what nobody says . He 's a damn good doctor , " Mary Webb , a former patient , told CNN affiliate KTNV-TV . But he was a doctor with financial woes that became evident not long after he graduated from medical school . He filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy protection in 1992 and accumulated $ 44,663 in state tax liens in Arizona and California from 1993 until 2003 , according to court documents . The doctor , who was with Jackson on the day he died , has offices in Houston and Las Vegas and specializes in cardiology and internal medicine , according to state medical boards . Murray 's financial troubles continued after opening the clinics -- though outsiders may not have known it , based on his million-dollar home in a gated community next to the Red Rock Country Club in Las Vegas . Murray has been hit with several judgments related to unpaid bills , child support payments , defaults on educational loans and payment for equipment said to have been rented to him . In a statement on his Web site , Murray 's attorney said that the doctor continues to travel to see his patients in Houston . The cost of maintaining those relationships exceeds any payment or income he receives for his work , attorney Ed Chernoff said in the statement . Murray saw his patients in addition to his new role as Jackson 's doctor . He was hired by promoter AEG to work with Jackson for this summer 's "  This Is It " tour , after the 50-year-old singer requested Murray be around to care for him during the grueling rehearsal and mammoth 50-show tour . The pair met in Las Vegas in 2006 , when Murray treated one of Jackson 's children at the recommendation of one of Jackson 's bodyguards . Murray 's attorney says the relationship went beyond just a doctor and a patient . "  Dr. Murray was not a doctor first , " Chernoff told CNN four days after the entertainer 's death . "  He was a friend first . They were close personal friends . Michael Jackson really treated him as family . " Watch discussion of doctor 's relationship with Jackson " But now , some Jackson family members have accused the doctor of wrongdoing . He has also been the target of three searches by police . Murray 's office in Houston was searched last week , and on Tuesday , authorities searched his Las Vegas home and office . No charges have been filed against Murray . The searches came a day after a source confirmed to CNN that Murray administered a powerful drug that authorities believe killed the singer . The drug , known as Diprivan or propofol , is an anesthetic that is normally administered in a hospital setting . But Murray also has no hospital privileges in California , so he could not have treated Jackson in a hospital setting , even on the day he died . Murray has n't spoken publicly since Jackson 's death . Chernoff , his lawyer , told CNN that Murray did not "  prescribe or administer anything that should have killed Michael Jackson . " He also said Murray did not prescribe any powerful painkillers to the star . John Thomas , Murray 's friend , said he spoke to the doctor three days before Jackson died to invite him to an event in Las Vegas . Thomas , a regional sales manager for Pit Bull energy products , met Murray when the doctor invested with a distributor to try to bring Pit Bull to his native Trinidad , Thomas told the Las Vegas Review-Journal . "  He could n't have been happier then , " Thomas told the newspaper , reflecting on their last conversation . "  He was apologetic about not being able to come to the opening , but he said he was busy with Michael . " In their last phone call , Thomas told the newspaper , Murray seemed upbeat and said and he "  liked being in the limelight , meeting all the celebrities . " Thomas added that it was also clear in their last conversation that the celebrity salary he was receiving was aiding Murray with "  some of the financial troubles he talked about . " Although Murray remains the target of authorities ' scrutiny , those who knew him before Jackson 's death struggled to comprehend what could have happened . Webb , one of Murray 's Las Vegas patients , said he helped save her life . Webb told CNN affiliate KTNV-TV that she has coronary artery disease and went to Murray , who put in five stents . Through all the pain , Webb insists , Murray would tell her to take only ibuprofen or Tylenol . "  One time I told him , ` If you do n't give me something for this pain , I 'm checking out , ' " she told KTNV . " -LSB- But -RSB- because he did not believe in giving drugs , he did not . " One of Murray 's former patients in Houston also praised the doctor , saying he helped save her life when he discovered blockages in her heart . "  If I had to rate Dr. Conrad Murray from 1 to 100 , " Ruby Mosley told CNN affiliate KHOU-TV , "  I 'd give him every bit of 100 . " Mosley said that without the discovery , she might have had a heart attack , a stroke or an aneurysm . "  He found them , " she said . "  I credit him and God . " Webb told KTNV that her faith in her doctor remains strong despite the allegations lodged against him . "  If there was any way in Dr. Murray 's power to save Michael , he would 've , " she said .	$ 435,000 in judgments , liens against Dr. Conrad Murray Doctor operated clinics in Houston , Las Vegas Clinic patients praise Murray 's work Murray earned $ 150,000 a month working for Jackson
CareerBuilder.com  -- Congratulations ! Despite daily news stories of layoffs and companies folding , you have managed to hang on to your job . So why do n't you exactly feel like celebrating ? While you may be grateful for employment , the fact is that corporate restructuring , budget cuts and a general air of uncertainty take a toll on all workers . What can you do if you are feeling underpaid , overworked , unrecognized or burned out ? Money matters From waitresses expected to serve additional tables because of staff reductions to account executives putting in extra hours to land new clients , many employees are working longer and harder than ever before . Yet while demands on workers may be rising , their paychecks often are not . Blame the employer ? Joseph Grenny , co-author of the New York Times bestseller "  Crucial Conversations : Tools for Talking When Stakes Are High , " cautions against doing that . "  You are responsible for your income -- not your employer , " Grenny states . He thinks that if you believe you are underpaid for the amount of work you do , you 've got three options :  Persuade your employer "  Evaluate your contributions to the company and determine if the value you add to the company warrants a raise . If you think a raise is merited , make sure to adequately prepare for the crucial conversation with your employer , and be prepared to share specific examples of how you have benefited the company . "  Supplement your income "  If you do not think your company is in a position to give you a raise , consider supplementing your income with consulting in your area of expertise , a side business or another source of income . "  Shop around "  If you feel that you are underpaid and under-appreciated , it might be time to start looking for a new job . " Is "  rocking the boat " dangerous in this economy ? As Grenny sees it , "  Employers these days realize that if today is a soft labor market , it will be tight again sometime in the future . Consequently , you can have more confidence than you might realize in approaching your boss . The key is to build mutual purpose -- to let the employer know you care about the needs of the company while wanting to be fairly compensated yourself . " Beyond a paycheck Being happy in a job is n't solely about pay . Employees want to know that their talents and efforts are recognized and appreciated by those around them . Janet Flewelling , director of human resources operations for Administaff in Houston , Texas , notes that in many cases when an employee feels he is being overlooked by management it has nothing to do with length of tenure or even job performance . "  During a tough economy , when many companies have experienced layoffs , tensions are high and it is often the case that management is consumed with other concerns such as reducing operating costs or retaining clients . " Flewelling gives the following advice for workers looking to get noticed :  Take a proactive stance "  Provide your supervisor with regular status updates of your work and candidly discuss projects and the milestones achieved before he or she requests the information . Taking the initiative to openly communicate with management will not only assist in keeping you top-of-mind , it demonstrates your drive to succeed , which is something no smart manager can overlook . "  Focus on career development "  Successful companies know retaining employees who want to constantly learn and develop their skills are the best investment they can make and therefore these employees are rarely overlooked . "  Support your company "  Employers look to employees to support leadership in an economic downturn . Employees should clearly communicate their support to management and let them know that they are ready and willing to pitch in and assist wherever necessary to help make management 's vision a reality . " Getting out of the dumps Irritability , headaches , stomach aches , fatigue and problems sleeping are some ways that job stress can manifest itself . When feeling burned out becomes the norm instead of the exception , it may be time for action . Try a walk at lunch to clear your head . Skip hanging around the water cooler if office gossip is getting you down . Try a power nap after work instead of more coffee , and be sure you 're eating something other than junk food from the vending machine . Finally , consider utilizing services of employee assistance programs , which are typically available through insurance providers at no additional cost to the employee . "  Oftentimes , workers do not take advantage of these programs because they do not know they are available or they worry the information will be made accessible to the employer , " Flewelling states . "  However , that is not the case . EAPs offer confidential counseling and referral services from trained professionals to help employees with problems at work or home , financial concerns , stress , depression and substance abuse , to name a few . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	"  You are responsible for your income -- not your employer , " expert says Employers look to employees to support leadership in an economic downturn Skip hanging around the water cooler if office gossip is getting you down
CNN  -- The Oregon coast can be a moody destination year-round . In the mornings , brooding fog canopies the coastal highways and storms can roll in from the Pacific , kicking up without much warning . But in mid - to late summer , the heavier rains seem to sidestep the coast and , more often than not , sunshine blinks from behind the clouds . Whale spouts are spotted from shore ; seals stretch and bark on the rocks ; and tourists in search of stunning Pacific Coast views are drawn to the iconic Highway 101 en masse . It 's a small dot on the map between Coos Bay and Newport , but slipping by Florence , Oregon , and all this historical city offers , would be a shame . Born near the mouth of the Siuslaw River in the late 1800s , Florence was a rugged coastal frontier settlement that relied mostly on fishing and logging to power its economy . Today , the city still counts these industries as important , but these days tourism is bringing in the bling . And it 's easy to understand the draw . Florence has a charming old-world downtown , the Siuslaw River curves along its edges , offering spectacular natural views , and it is located along what is arguably the most beautiful and diverse section of the Oregon Coast . 20 stunning cliffside beaches If you 're traveling north on Highway 101 , you 'll cross one of this community 's most notable landmarks , the Siuslaw River Bridge , a stunning double leaf bascule  or moveable  bridge featuring four towering art-deco-style obelisks . A quick right turn at the end of the bridge will spool you down into Florence 's Historic Old Town District , a small but charming collection of restaurants , curio shops , coffee shops , art galleries and B&B s. Walk along Bay Street , a wide avenue with intermittent views of the Siuslaw River and well-maintained flower gardens . Here you 'll see a collection of historical buildings , many of them salvaged from nearby communities and given a second life in Florence . For instance , the Waterfront Depot Restaurant & Bar is housed in an old train depot found abandoned in Mapleton , Oregon , and saved from demolition more than 40 years ago . Today , this restaurant is one of the best places to watch the river crawl by while swilling a Mango Mint Fizz -- a sublime mixture of rum , mango juice , lemon juice , simple syrup and soda . Another must-have on the menu is the dreamy crab-encrusted Alaskan Halibut draped with a chili cream sauce . After dinner , make sure to find Gazebo Park , a small , nearly hidden patch tucked away off Bay Street . This intimate enclave featuring a small dock , a bench , and , you guessed it , a gazebo is about as romantic a getaway as you 'll find in these parts . Linger on a park bench until sundown and watch the stars reflect off the river . Another historical building that found new life in Florence is the Edwin K Bed & Breakfast , a two-story 1914 craftsman-style charmer with six bedrooms and a private apartment . Most rooms have views of either the river or the famous Oregon sand dunes . Nightly rates start at $ 165 during prime season  May through mid-October  . 50 states , 50 spots : Natural wonders One of the best times to explore Florence is in May , when the city celebrates its annual Rhododendron Festival , a tradition for more than a century . After perusing the antique shops , browsing the art galleries or visiting the Siuslaw Pioneering Museum , grab a strong cup of coffee at the Siuslaw River Coffee Roasters , a locally owned gem that roasts its own beans . The eclectic shop is housed in a converted garage and outboard motor repair shop and is where you 're sure to see loads of locals crowded around tables or sitting along a beautifully recovered church pew . This is the place to be when the weather turns gloomy and the gas stove is roaring in one corner . Rain never sounds as good as when it 's thumping heavy on the coffee shop 's tin roof , and when the storm passes , check out the view of the river and bridge from the back deck . If you 're in the mood for adventure and do n't mind getting a little sand in your teeth , head south out of Florence for an off-highway vehicle tour of the famous Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area . A 40-mile expanse of arid , wind-sculpted sand dunes extends from Florence to Coos Bay , Oregon , and is a complete change from the green , lush Oregon environment most people know . Here , toast-colored sand dunes tower some 500 feet above sea level , and , in select areas , off-highway vehicle rentals zoom around and over the dunes at dizzying speeds . Join one of the many off-highway vehicle tour groups in the area , but use caution : some group tours can be pretty adrenalin-fueled . It 's rumored that the eerie , windswept landscape is what inspired sci-fi author Frank Herbert to pen his best-selling novel , "  Dune . " For a closer look at some of Oregon 's favorite residents , tour the Sea Lion Caves , a privately owned nature preserve just a few miles north of Florence up Highway 101 . Visitors may take an elevator down 208 feet into what 's touted as the largest sea cave in America , roughly the length of a football field and 125 feet high . World 's top 25 theme parks From an observation ledge , watch the natural comings and goings of the Steller sea lions who call this enclave home . The sea lions are most likely to congregate in the grotto during the fall and winter , whereas they take full advantage of the sunnier spring and summer weather to frolic on the rock formations just outside the caves . Gray whales are sometimes spotted swimming in the area , especially in the spring and summer . Be aware that the sea lion trademark "  barking " can be loud and , while they are cute , their collective odor is less than adorable . Adult tickets are $ 14 ; children 5 and older may enter for $ 8 ; children under 5 are free . Do n't miss the newly renovated and working Heceta Head Lighthouse , which towers 205 feet above the Pacific and has a light beam visible 21 miles out to sea . The crisp-looking white lighthouse with red roof stands out in sharp contrast to the stunning ocean vistas all around it . Book a room at the lightkeeper 's cottage , a working B&B just a few hundred feet away from the lighthouse itself . The delightful Victorian-style home features an expansive view of the Pacific , an acre of well-maintained grounds , six distinctive rooms and a hearty breakfast selection . Rooms begin at $ 209 during the coveted high season  May through October  . In the evening , as the light begins to soften , make like a local and gather a bucket , headlamp and some waders and search the soft sands of the riverbeds for mussels and clams . Regulars have a few favorite spots including a small inlet up Highway 126 near the fork of the Siuslaw River . Even if you 're not in the mood to get muddy , grab a blanket and a hot beverage and relax along the shore as you watch the bobbing lights of the clam diggers blend in with the stars . Your vacation has officially begun .	Florence , Oregon , boasts small-town charm and coastal attractions Historic buildings line streets in the small Old Town The nearby Heceta Head Lighthouse is a much-photographed scenic spot
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- One of the ships in a Gaza-bound flotilla blocked by Greece tried to flee on Monday and was stopped by the Greek Coast Guard . Greece called for the immediate arrest of the ship 's captain , but organizers on the ship insisted they no longer had a captain . In a tweet , organizers said "  extreme damage " was done to the Canadian ship , the Tahrir . "  When commandeered & towed by Greek Coast Guard it was slammed into a concrete wall , " the tweet said , adding that the ship was "  taking on water . " They also tweeted that the travelers on board "  moved up on deck are in good spirits and are not leaving the boat . " Earlier in the day , the ship tweeted that it was "  casting off from Greece . " "  The Tahrir is leaving port in Crete , and we are breaking through Israel 's Gaza blockade which now extends to Greek ports , " organizer David Heap said in the statement . The ship 's Twitter feed carried a tweet from a journalist on board , Jim Rankin , saying kayakers were blocking the Coast Guard , and the Canadian boat had left the harbor . Minutes later , the ship tweeted , "  We got about 5km  3.1 miles  away from shore . Greek authorities have taken over the boat and appear to be heading back to port . " Rankin tweeted that no one was injured in the Greek takeover of the boat , and delegates were "  non violent in blocking wheel house . " The Greek Coast Guard issued a statement saying , "  The Tahrir tried to leave the port of Agios Nikolaos in Crete without permission . The Coast Guard has intercepted the ship and it is now being taken back to the port . As a result the prosecutor 's office has already asked for the immediate arrest of the captain . It is not clear if this will be extended to other passengers on board . There are an estimated 40 people aboard the ship . " But the ship tweeted , "  We left port without a captain . We released captain and crew from contract and sailed under control of international volunteers . " No further details were given . "  Our boat is surrounded by Greek police , tied up at port . Supporters from town are chanting , ` Free Gaza , Free Greece , ' " the ship tweeted . The Tahrir was brought to the port of Agios Nikolaos on the Greek island of Crete . The Tahrir is one of 10 ships trying to head to Gaza despite Israel 's maritime blockade . Last week , the Greek Coast Guard intercepted a U.S. ship in the flotilla , the Audacity of Hope , about 10 minutes after it left Perama , triggering an hours-long standoff . The ship -- full of activists but no humanitarian aid -- was ultimately tied up at a Greek naval facility , and its captain , John Klusmire , was arrested . The Coast Guard said Klusmire had left the mainland without permission and put passengers in danger . He will appear before Greek prosecutors on Tuesday . Greece 's government offered Sunday to ship aid to Gaza -- a move the U.N. chief applauded but protest organizers and Palestinian authorities derided as insufficient . Greece 's foreign ministry released a statement Sunday afternoon in which it proposed to "  undertake the task of transporting the humanitarian aid , with Greek vessels or other appropriate means , through existing channels . " Foreign Minister Stavros Lambrinidis talked by phone with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , who thanked Greece and expressed support for the initiative , according to a U.N. statement . "  In his view , it could help to reduce tensions in the region and ensure much-needed aid is delivered to those who need it in Gaza , " the U.N. statement said of Ban 's views , adding the world body will "  work closely with Greece , Israel and Palestinian authorities on this matter . " But Chief Palestinian Negotiator Saeb Erakat said Sunday that funneling food , cement and other goods via other means , such as Greek ships , missed the point , which he said is to "  immediately lift , not ease " Israel 's maritime blockade of Gaza . He lauded those behind the flotilla as people "  who have dedicated their time , effort and passion for a just cause . " Israel says its blockade is necessary to try to halt the shipment of weapons into Gaza . Militants in Gaza have launched numerous deadly attacks against Israelis . The territory is run by Hamas , which has carried out dozens of terrorist attacks and is listed by the United States as a terrorist organization . Israel also emphasizes that it delivers large amounts of aid to Gaza . The country has mounted a diplomatic offensive to try to stop the flotilla from setting sail . The Israeli government said flotilla participants had threatened to kill Israeli military personnel should their boats be boarded . Israeli officials alleged that the participants were stockpiling sacks of sulfuric acid on boats to be used in the event of any attacks on Israeli commandos . Flotilla organizer Medea Benjamin dismissed the allegations as ludicrous on June 28 , saying , "  They see this nonviolent , ragtag group of ships as such a threat they 're using their entire propaganda apparatus , and their diplomatic and economic clout to try to stop 300 peace activists . It 's pathetic . " The Middle East Quartet -- composed of officials from the United States , United Nations , European Union and Russia -- issued a statement Saturday asking "  all governments concerned to use their influence to discourage additional flotillas , which risk the safety of their participants and carry the potential for escalation . " The Quartet added that it "  strongly urges all those wishing to deliver goods to the people of Gaza to do so through established channels , so that their cargo can be inspected and transferred via established land crossings . " Doing so , the group contends , is the best way to both help Palestinians and address Israel 's "  legitimate security concerns . " Erakat said that while Palestinian leaders "  support international engagement in lifting the unjust and inhumane Israeli blockade , " the Quartet 's statement and their opposition to the planned flotilla to Gaza skirt the broader challenges in the region . "  We invite them to focus on resolving the root cause of the conflict , which is the occupation , rather than seeking ways to manage its destructive symptoms . " Erakat said . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Travelers wo n't leave the boat , organizers say "  Extreme damage " to the ship , organizers say Greece called for captain 's arrest ; organizers say there is no captain The Tahrir , from Canada , has about 40 people on board , Greece says
CNN  -- Americans are spending less time stuck in traffic and wasting less gas , according to a new report . Americans spend a little less time in traffic , a study shows , but drivers on I-110 in Los Angeles might not notice . Rising joblessness and stinging gas prices have put the brakes on worsening trends in traffic congestion , according to a study issued Wednesday by the Texas Transportation Institute , the nation 's largest university-based transportation research facility . "  It 's temporary , but real , " said institute spokesman Bernie Fette about the declines . "  As goes the American economy , so goes traffic . There 's fewer people going to work . " The institute attributed the changes to the recession , but the U.S. economy did not begin to slow significantly until the end of 2007 . The organization began tracking traffic trends in 1982 , and by "  every measure , congestion has increased substantially " in those 25 years , the latest Urban Mobility Report said . Not in 2007 . Researchers surveyed 439 urban centers in the United States and found that travelers spent one hour less stuck in traffic in 2007 than they did in 2006 and wasted 1 gallon less of gasoline . Congestion delay per traveler in 1982 was 13.8 hours . In 2005 , that number had almost tripled to 37.4 hours . But it was down to 36.1 hours in 2007 , representing a "  rare break in near-constant growth , " the report said . Because the changes were nominal , most people may not have noticed any change in their commutes . The average person still needs 25 percent more time to travel during rush hour than during other parts of the day , Fette said . "  Things were so congested and bad , it was kind of hard to notice , " Fette said . Among the report 's other findings :  American travelers still wasted 4.2 billion hours stuck in rush-hour traffic jams . That amounts to nearly one full work  or vacation  week for every traveler .  The overall cost , based on wasted fuel and lost productivity , reached $ 87.3 billion in 2007 , the report said . That 's more than $ 750 per person .  The amount of wasted fuel , from sitting idle with the motor running , topped 2.8 billion gallons , or three weeks ' worth of gas , for every traveler . Congestion has slowed but , said the report 's authors , that means only that things are getting worse slower , "  hardly a positive goal statement . " The Urban Mobility Report database includes a few similar periods from regional recessions in the past -- northeastern states in the early 1980s , Texas in the mid-1980s , California in the early 1990s . In every case , when the economy rebounded , so did the congestion problem , the report said . That means congestion trends are likely to swing upward once the economy starts picking up . Americans might then have fatter pocketbooks , but they 'll go back to staring through their windshields a bit longer . CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Transportation Institute finds Americans spent one less hour stuck in traffic in 2007 Joblessness , costly gas makes 2007 first year since 1982 trend has slowed Congestion down , authors say , but it "  means things are getting worse slower " Study : Once economy gets better , long waits in traffic will get worse
CNN  -- Quest Means Business begins a new chapter in New York Monday -- just as the U.S. economy also enters a new phase . Five years since Lehman Brothers collapsed , America is a different place . Back then , in 2008 , investors endured "  Shocktober " and the Dow made a record points loss , down 778 at the close in one day . Economic growth went into reverse , and by the end of that year jobs were disappearing at the rate of 700,000 every month . READ MORE : Lehman bankruptcy fees hit $ 2.2 billion Now , the markets keep on hitting record highs , to the point where it 's almost routine . Month by month , the economy is slowly gaining jobs . The vital signs appear to be stronger ; the patient 's illness is in remission . And the Federal Reserve is about to start withdrawing the treatment . Quantitative easing was first used as shock therapy in 2008 , and investors are still attached to the money drip at the rate of $ 85 billion a month . Many analysts expect Ben Bernanke to start cutting down the flow in the coming days . But as he "  tapers " the treatment , another great tide of fortune is rising -- that of American oil . Domestic crude production has been increasing since 2008 , reversing a decline which began in 1986 . Now , given the right conditions , the U.S. could even become a net oil exporter , according to the U.S. Energy Administration . Five years ago , that would have seemed an impossible dream . And it is all because of the controversial new technique of fracking . CNN EXPLAINS : What is fracking ? Across the country , fracking is re-making boom towns , where income is high and jobs are plentiful . On next week 's Quest Means Business , some of those working in this new oil industry describe it as a "  wonderful revolution " and "  American capitalism at its best . " But as Lehman Brothers proved , American capitalism is not always kind . The industry is building on fractured or "  fracked " ground , and what goes boom can surely go bust too . Richard Quest traveled to Midland , Texas , where he met some of the new generation of oilmen extracting crude from solid rock . State Governor Rick Perry told him that the success of shale oil and gas is a product of free spirit and innovation , raising the U.S. economy out of its miasma . And that it is here to stay . Hard knocks , seismic shocks and intense pressure may have made the U.S. economy hurt ; these days a similar process is also helping to make it strong . At least for now .	Quest Means Business is relaunching , as U.S. economy also enters a new phase Five years after Lehman Brothers collapsed , the economy 's vital signs are starting to improve The Fed 's shock treatment is going to be withdrawn -- but the U.S. may find boost elsewhere The U.S. could become a net exporter of oil , in part because of fracking technique
CNN  -- Dr. Jack Rodman 's heart sank when he heard the news : One of his elderly patients with a heart condition had a stroke because she could n't afford the medicines he 'd prescribed her . Increasingly , Americans are finding it harder to afford their prescription medications . "  She went cold turkey and stopped taking all of them , " said Rodman , an internist at Sarasota Memorial Hospital in Florida . "  What 's so sad is that she assumed that since some of her medicines were expensive , all of them were . If she 'd just kept taking her Coumadin -LSB- a blood thinner -RSB- , which is like $ 5 a month , she likely would n't have had the stroke . " Rodman says this woman is n't his only patient who , faced with tough economic times , has stopped taking his or her medications . "  There are lots of examples of this , and I fear there will be more , " he said . A new report from Consumer Reports finds that many Americans are having trouble affording their prescription drugs and have taken dangerous steps as a result . The survey , released this week , found that 28 percent of Americans have taken steps such as not filling prescriptions , skipping dosages and cutting pills in half without the approval of their doctor , and even sharing prescriptions with a friend . "  The cost of health care is leading consumers to cut corners in ways that are potentially dangerous , " said Dr. John Santa , director of the Consumer Reports Health Ratings Center . Prices for prescription drugs are skyrocketing . In 2007 , Americans spent $ 287 billion on prescription drugs , about five times as much as in 1993 , according to Consumer Reports . If you think you 're immune from these price increases because you have prescription drug insurance , think again . In 2002 , Consumer Reports found that 65 percent of the drugs they surveyed were mostly or entirely covered by insurance . When they asked about the same drugs in 2008 , only 33 percent were covered mostly or entirely , and 5 percent of purchases were n't covered at all . Read Consumer Reports ' article : America 's best drugstores The good news , Santa says , is that there are ways for everyone to save money on prescription drugs . Here are 10 tips . The first one might have kept Rodman 's patient from having a stroke . Watch more on how to save money at the pharmacy " 1 . Tell your doctor you ca n't afford the drugs he 's prescribing . According to the Consumer Reports survey , only 4 percent of those polled said they 'd had a conversation with their doctors about the cost of a drug . You should n't hesitate to talk to your doctor about prices ; these days , many people ca n't afford the skyrocketing price of prescription drugs . "  There 's such an embarrassment level , " Rodman said . "  They stop taking the drugs , and they never tell me why . " 2 . Ask your doctor whether there 's a generic that would work just as well . It 's amazing how much money you can save with this one little question . For example , if your doctor prescribes Lunesta , a sleeping pill , you could end up paying about $ 93 for 15 doses . Switch to zolpidem , which is the generic form of Ambien , and you 'll pay $ 33 for the same number of doses , according to Consumer Reports Best Buy Drugs . To make it really easy , bring in a list of the $ 4 generics sold at your local pharmacy and hand it to your doctor . If there is n't a generic that will work for your particular problem , ask whether there might be a less-expensive brand name available . Santa suggests wording it like this : "  Can you tell me about other options that would cost me less ? " 3 . Ask the pharmacist for less-expensive alternatives . If you did n't get a good answer from your doctor , ask your pharmacist whether there 's a less-expensive drug in the same class as the one your doctor prescribed . 4 . Use mail order . You 'll save money . Of course , this wo n't work when you need medicines immediately  for example , antibiotics for an infection  , but mail order often works well for medicines you need to take long-term . 5 . Find a prescription assistance program . There are several out there to help people who ca n't afford their prescription drugs . Consumer Reports has advice on choosing a prescription assistance plan . 6 . Be suspicious of free samples . Samples are indeed enticing . But what a lot of people do n't know is that samples are often for the most expensive drugs on the market . Although the samples will help you out for a month or two , after that , you 'll have to start forking over the big bucks by yourself . For more information , see this Empowered Patient on free samples . 7 . Do n't push for what you see on TV . Just as samples are often for the pricey drugs , TV commercials are also often for pricey drugs -- and drugs that do n't necessarily work any better than cheaper alternatives . If you ask for what you see on TV , there 's a chance your doctor might prescribe it -- and you 'll get sticker shock at the pharmacy . 8 . Split drugs with caution . Sometimes you really can save money by asking your doctor to prescribe a double dosage of a drug and then splitting the pills in half . But there are safe and unsafe ways to split drugs , and some drugs should never be split at all . See Consumer Report 's guidance on splitting drugs . There 's a flip side to this . Let 's say you 're taking 10mg of a drug , and it 's not working , so your doctor ups your dose to 20 mg . Do n't take two of the 10mg pills , warns Dr. Robert Epstein , chief medical officer at Medco , a prescription drug insurance company . That 'll end up costing you money , because you 'll go through your drugs twice as fast . "  Instead , ask for a single pill that has the higher strength , " Epstein advised . 9 . If you do n't have insurance , shop around . Pharmacies sometimes charge very different prices for the same drugs . In fact , Consumer Reports found that prices for the same bottle of pills can vary by more than $ 100 . 10 . Ask for a review . You may be taking medicines you do n't need , especially if you see a variety of doctors who do n't talk to one another about what they 're prescribing . "  Bring your drugs in to one doctor and say , ` Do I need to be taking all these ? ' " Epstein said . If you 've tried to talk to your doctor about prices and received a confused look , it 's worth trying again , Rodman says , because the bad economy has forced doctors to become more knowledgeable about saving money for their patients . "  Two years ago , I could n't tell you the cost of most of the medicines I prescribed , " Rodman said . "  Now I can . " CNN 's Jennifer Pifer Bixler and Marcy Heard contributed to this report .	In 2007 , Americans spent $ 287 billion on drugs , five times as much as in 1993 Even consumers who have prescription drug insurance are affected Study : 28 percent of Americans have taken dangerous steps to cut cost of meds Tell your doctor if you ca n't afford prescribed medication ; ask for generic
CNN  -- South Dakota investigators have put to rest a 42-year-old cold case about two missing 17-year-old girls , declaring they died in a car accident that ended in a creek at night in 1971 , with no signs of foul play . Cheryl Miller and Pamela Jackson were high school students when they disappeared May 29 , 1971 , while driving to a party at a gravel pit . It took 42 years for their car to be discovered -- last September -- just a half-mile from the girls ' intended destination near Beresford , South Dakota . Last year 's weather -- a wet spring followed by strong creek currents and then a drought -- caused the car to become visible and recovered , caked in mud , authorities said . Subsequent DNA , forensic and anthropological analyses confirmed the identities of the two sets of remains found in the car and also concluded that the girls ' deaths were accidental , South Dakota Attorney General Marty Jackley told reporters Tuesday . Their 1960 Studebaker Lark 's ignition and headlights were turned on , and the transmission was in the top , or third , gear , Jackley said . Their clothing contained bones and remnants of shoes were found , and no evidence of alcohol was found in the car , he said . "  No evidence indicates that there was foul play . This would appear to indicate an accident , " Jackley said . The announcement "  brings a closure " and gives the families "  some answers , " Jackley said . The families will now be able to collect the two girls ' remains , he added . The attorney general said investigators do n't know what caused the accident , but he noted that one car tire was damaged , though authorities do n't know whether a blowout caused that . He also cited how the tread on the tires were low . Jackley showed reporters some of the personal belongings found in the car , including two classmate notes and Miller 's purse . Kay Brock , Jackson 's sister , told CNN affiliate KSFY that the DNA confirmation finally ended the long uncertainty . "  I 'm relieved to have no foul play , " Brock told the station . "  It 's nice to have a permanent answer after 42 years . " Taken : The coldest case ever solved Police get break in missing girls ' cold case from 1975 Arrest in 40-year-old murder case CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Authorities confirm the identities of two sets of remains found last year in a car Investigators also conclude the two girls died in a car accident , with no signs of foul play Cheryl Miller and Pamela Jackson disappeared in 1971 Their remains were found last September in their mud-caked car in a creek
For years , chocolate , jewelry and flowers have been Valentine 's Day staples . However , many consumers are now giving gifts that not only say I love you , but also help those in need . Recently , the concept of giving back through consuming gained traction with TOMS shoes , the company that makes the popular slip-on shoes and donates a pair to a child in need for every pair sold . TOMS seemed to open the door for other socially conscious brands , ones that make a difference through product sales . Now , many entrepreneurs are opening businesses and nonprofit organizations that produce socially conscious goods . From backpacks that provide an education to jewelry that empowers women to crocheted goods that help people rise out of poverty , here are three socially conscious companies that are trying to change the world with their products . Buy a backpack , fund an education in Tanzania Matthew Clough traveled to Tanzania to climb Mount Kilimanjaro in 2008 . "  I always had this dream of climbing each continent 's highest summit . One of my buddies called me and asked if I wanted to climb Kilimanjaro , the highest peak in Africa . It was my first opportunity to check one of those seven summits off the list , " says Clough . Little did he know , reaching the peak would inspire him to pursue an even loftier goal . Clough realized that his success on the mountain would have been impossible without the help of the porters who carried his extra gear , prepared his meals and ultimately guided him to the summit . As Clough descended the mountain , he discovered that his porters made less than a dollar a day -- an amount he later learned was not nearly enough to put a child in Tanzania through school . After returning to the United States , Clough made it his mission to provide education opportunities for underserved communities . He started stone + cloth , a backpack company that donates part of its profits to support children 's education in Tanzania . "  I decided to make backpacks to create a symbol linking my mountaineering trip with education . I kept thinking about how I used a backpack for school as a kid and wanted to create a tool for people to use to spread the word about educating those in need . " All stone + cloth backpacks are made in Los Angeles , with $ 10 from every backpack purchased going directly to its partner in Tanzania , the Knock Foundation . Together with the Knock Foundation , stone + cloth supports education programs , including tuition assistance , school meals , and school supplies -- the learning essentials . "  By purchasing a backpack our customers carry an education , " says Clough . Beads of hope help women in Uganda Kallie Dovel traveled to Uganda in the summer of 2007 to volunteer . She began working with women at an after-school program and quickly learned about the hardships they faced after years of conflict in the region . While getting to know the women , Dovel was introduced to jewelry they made from paper beads . "  They showed me this beautiful product but told me they were n't able to sell it . In Uganda -LSB- the jewelry made from paper beads -RSB- is looked down on , " says Dovel . The women at the school taught Dovel how to make the paper beads and asked her to sell the jewelry for them in the United States . Dovel agreed to purchase a box from them and try to sell some pieces when she got back home . The jewelry sold quickly and inspired Dovel to team up with her friends Jessie Simonson , Anna Nelson , Brooke Hodges and Alli Swanson to create the company 31 Bits . In August of 2008 , the five traveled to Uganda and started purchasing jewelry from six women , promising to employ them for at least two years . Dovel stayed in Uganda in order to oversee operations while Simonson , Nelson , Hodges and Swanson traveled back to the States to spread brand awareness . Through its success , 31 Bits has been able to hire more women and launch programs for its Ugandan employees that include English lessons , health education , and business development programs . More than 100 Ugandan women now participate in 31 Bits programs , and the company reports it has raised more than $ 500,000 for women it employs through product sales . Programs provide participants the skills they need to support their families and communities , allowing the company "  to empower women to be self-sufficient . " Crocheting empowers women in Uganda , Peru Stewart Ramsey was inspired to create the nonprofit organization Krochet Kids International after traveling to Uganda in the summer of 2006 . Ramsey met a group of refugees who for 20 years had depended on government and aid organizations for food and protection as a result of war . When Ramsey returned , he brought with him a message that he passed on to his two childhood friends . The refugees he met were tired of handouts . They wanted to have jobs and provide for themselves . Ramsey 's friends took this message to heart and the three decided to act . Together , Ramsey , Kohl Crecelius and Travis Hartanov set out to provide the tools , knowledge and opportunities needed to enable Ugandan refugees to better their circumstances ; but first they had to figure out how . Years earlier , while still in high school , the three had made extra money crocheting hats . " -LSB- We -RSB- sold them to friends of ours who were skiers and snowboarders in the Northwest . And it was the one thing we knew that we could -LSB- teach -RSB- people and even provide a job for in the process , " Crecelius explains . The group traveled to Uganda in 2007 and taught 10 women to crochet . Ramsey , Crecelius and Hartanov sold the hats in the United States , providing income for the women they employed . The company 's success has allowed for expansion of programs into Peru ; they currently employ more than 150 women in the two countries . More than 250,000 hats have been sold , with each one personally signed by its creator . As a nonprofit , Krochet Kids International has been able to raise $ 5 million , which has gone to teaching and empowering the women in its programs and allowing them to rise above poverty . Stone + cloth , 31 Bits , and Krochet Kids International provide three different ways consumers can show their love for that special someone while making the world a better place . By informing themselves about companies ' social policies and programs , consumers can channel their purchasing power to make an impact .	Brands that not only make a profit but make a difference are becoming more popular Matthew Clough sells backpacks to fund education in Tanzania 31 Bits helps internally displaced women in Uganda earn a living making jewelry The founders of Krochet Kids turned a high school hobby into a international nonprofit
CNN  -- Talk show host Oprah Winfrey on Monday said she was not satisfied with the acquittal of a woman accused of abusing students at the her South African girls school . Tiny Virginia Makopo , 30 , was found not guilty of allegations that she improperly touched several teenage girls when she was a matron at the campus near Johannesburg soon after it opened in 2007 , the South African Press Association reported Monday . "  We began this child molestation trial in July 2008 , " Winfrey said in a written statement . "  More than two years later , I am profoundly disappointed at the outcome of the trial . " Winfrey -- who has spoken publicly about abuse she suffered as a child -- became personally involved in the abuse investigation after a student reported the alleged abuse in October 2007 . She cried for half an hour after receiving the call from the CEO of the Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls , and she then hired a team of American private investigators to work with South African police on the case , she said . "  I wanted to hire an independent team because my experience with child predators is that no one ever , ever abuses just one child , " Winfrey said at the time . Despite the verdict , Winfrey said she appreciated the efforts of the prosecutors and police , "  who sought justice and treated the girls with the utmost care and respect . " "  I will forever be proud of the nine girls who testified with the courage and conviction to be heard , " Winfrey said . When Winfrey opened the school at the beginning of 2007 , she said she hoped it would provide opportunities to girls from poor backgrounds . She personally approved each of the students , many of whom were at the top of their classes .	Ex-matron at Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls was found not guilty of abuse Tiny Virginia Makopo , 30 , was charged after a student complained Winfrey opened the South African girls school in 2007
CNN -- Lew Frankfort is widely credited with helping transform a stodgy old leather goods company into a fashion icon . Coach was founded in New York City in 1941 , an old-world firm cranking out hard leather brief cases . But it was n't until a major overhaul in the 1990 's that the company caught the eyes of the fashion world , introducing so-called "  affordable luxury " . Lew Frankfort , CEO , Coach . Since then , Lew Frankfort has expanded the brand from trendy hand bags to gloves , and other accessories , bringing his by-the-numbers management style to the fickle world of fashion . CNN 's Maggie Lake interviewed Lew Frankfort and started by asking him what had prepared him for a life in the fashion world and how much he cared about clothes and trends in his youth . Frankfort : When I was young I did n't have the slightest clue about brands . I actually was more interested in the social movements of the 1960 's , the civil rights movement , the anti-war movement and found myself in government actually for ten years after college before I came to Coach . Lake : So , how did you make the transition to the world of fashion ? Frankfort : What I joined was really just a manufacturer of leather products . Over the years , we migrated to become a modern lifestyle fashion accessories brand and I guess I just learned along the way . Lake : How do you stay on top in a very fickle world of fashion because that 's what you 're dealing with now ? Frankfort : One of the ways we think at Coach is as a company that is run as a blend of logic and magic . Magic is the touch and feel and instinct of good product , good looking product , of understanding trends , and logic is using all of the knowledge that is available to you , so you can really understand where consumers are today and where they 're going tomorrow . So , for example , we do a considerable amount of quantitative research , measuring attitudes and trends in the marketplace , purchase satisfaction and satisfaction with our visits . Lake : Some people said that you have democratized luxury , made it accessible to more people . Is that how you see it ? Frankfort : We actually see Coach as an egalitarian brand . America is really a melting pot of the world and we do n't have a class system in America . Anyone can be anything in America . Lake : Is there a risk by making your products very accessible that somehow you cheapen them ? I mean if everybody has it , what 's so special about it ? Frankfort : Some consumers perceive us as the penultimate luxury and other consumers step down to buy a Coach . We like it that way , and we like to have a broad array of price points that can appeal to an aspirational consumer who can just enter the world of Coach with a small accessory for as little as $ 28 , or to the aficionado we offer $ 10,000 exotic handbags . Lake : Do you think that recipe can work globally ? Frankfort : It is working globally . We are very successful in Japan , in Korea , and emerging markets such as Thailand and Indonesia and in developing countries . We 're a very desirable alternative to the European luxury brands because our price points are less than half of their price points ; yet , the materials are the very same materials that go into their products and ours are at least as well-made . Lake : What do you worry about ? What keeps you up at night ? Frankfort : Honestly , everything keeps me up at night , but I think I am primarily a serial worrier . I worry about the current situation and more often than not now it 's about people , it 's about the next generation in leadership , it 's about how I can fill organizational voids . E-mail to a friend	Lew Frankfort , CEO of Coach talks to CNN 's Maggie Lake Transformed an old-world company into global luxury brand Appeals to both aspiratonal and wealthy consumers
CNN  -- A Jewish hockey player sued the National Hockey League 's Anaheim Ducks on Tuesday , claiming that coaches of one of its affiliate teams subjected him to harassment and anti-Semitic remarks . Jason Bailey , 23 , is seeking unspecified damages in the action filed in Orange County  California  Superior Court against the Ducks , the Bakersfield Condors and coaches Martin Raymond and Mark Pederson . "  Sorry , we ca n't comment , " said Alex Gilchrist , director of media and communications for the Ducks . According to the complaint , Bailey endured "  a barrage of anti-Semitic , offensive and degrading verbal attacks regarding his Jewish faith " from Raymond , head coach of the Condors . Raymond , according to the lawsuit , would say , "  they  referring to Jews  ` only care about money and who 's who . ' " It also claims that Raymond said "  he never wanted his son to be raised Jewish or to wear a yarmulke . " Assistant head coach Pederson made anti-Semitic remarks about Bailey , the suit alleges , including , "  well , I do n't know if we can trust him with the money ; he 's Jewish . " Bailey , who was drafted in 2005 by the Ducks but has not played in the NHL , was rarely given ice time and was not provided with resources "  that were fully available to the hockey players who were not Jewish , " he argues . According to the lawsuit , Bailey in 2009 complained to the Bakersfield coaches about the "  anti-Semitic hostile work environment " and spoke to Anaheim Ducks assistant general manager David McNab , who told him the organization "  found his complaints unbelievable . " Bailey was sent to the Iowa Chops , where he got no playing time , the athlete contends . The Ducks tried to send him to the Central Hockey League , but when he claimed the move would be a breach of his contract , the team backed down and suspended Raymond and Pederson briefly and told them to write apology letters , the lawsuit states . Bailey claims the letters were insincere . In one , Pederson allegedly wrote , "  I guess I never stopped to think about the impact my statement would have on you or how it would make you feel . It was not intended to insult or hurt in you in any way , but it did , and for that I am truly sorry . " A letter from Raymond states , "  As a French-Canadian , I too have come face-to-face with bigotry and understand how such remarks can negatively affect lives . " He wrote that he no longer would continue the behavior , according to the lawsuit . The lawsuit contends that Bailey was the victim of religious discrimination , harassment based on religion , intentional infliction of emotional distress and retaliation . It claims he lost income , benefits and suffered humiliation . Bailey , who was traded , now plays right wing for the Binghamton Senators , a farm team for the Ottawa Senators . "  The Ottawa Senators Hockey Club does not comment on legal matters regarding members of its organization and those under contract , " said Phil Legault , vice president for communications . CNN 's Alfonso Savage contributed to this report	Hockey player files lawsuit against Anaheim Ducks , farm team Jason Bailey contends that coaches engaged in anti-Semitic behavior He is seeking unspecified damages
CNN  -- Jim Carrey has been making audiences laugh for years , but the star says he 's really a "  weird , serious person . " Jim Carrey is a star on the big screen , but he says he would love to do a play on Broadway . He says he 's battled depression and loves to do drama as much as the funny stuff . Fans of his lighter side , though , may be glad to see his latest film is a comedy , "  Yes Man , " which opens in theaters Friday . Carrey spoke with CNN 's Larry King about his life on and off the screen . King : How did you get this project ? Carrey : I think projects find me . You know , it 's really interesting . Everything I 've done , from "  The Truman Show , " the "  Eternal Sunshine " to "  Yes Man " and "  Bruce Almighty , " always come into my life at the perfect time . King : So have you turned down anything you regretted ? Carrey : I never regret . ... -LSB- But -RSB- you know , "  Meet the Parents " was something that I was developing . King : You turned that down ? Carrey : Yes . I actually created the Fockers in a creative meeting . Yes . But , it was perfect that Ben Stiller did it . When I saw it , I went , "  That 's the way it 's supposed to be done . " King : The premise of "  Yes Man " is what ? Carrey : It 's a gentleman by the name of Carl Allen , who has kind of stopped living . He got hurt in a relationship and he just kind of went into his shell , and he decided to say no to life . And he decides that , at a certain point , that he 's kind of losing touch with everything . He runs into a guru -- a new-age master played by Terrence Stamp . ... And he makes a covenant with this man that he will say yes to everything no matter how ridiculous it is . King : Is n't "  no " the hardest word to say ? Carrey : It is hard for me . Especially when you 've got money . It 's like , you know , there 's so many people , man . Watch Carrey 's interview with Larry King " King : Are you the most comfortable with comedy ? Carrey : No , I love it all , honestly . I love -- I love being creative . ... I feel so lucky to be given all of these opportunities , to be able to do a movie like "  Ace Ventura " and then do "  The Truman Show " and "  Eternal Sunshine , " and to be able to do the "  Yes Man , " which is flat-out comedy and that has a little something to think about . King : Ever want to do Broadway ? Carrey : Sure , sure . I 'll do that . King : Do a play ? Carrey : I would love to do it . I hope I could do it . King : How did you and -LSB- girlfriend Jenny McCarthy -RSB- -- how did that happen ? Carrey : It 's funny how that happens when you 're in a place that 's really wonderful . I had already gotten to a place in my life where I felt at peace , and I was invited to David Spade 's birthday party . And I went out there that night and I was just in a zone . And I just felt wonderful . It was one of those times when you do n't have to be anywhere but where you are . King : And you had no girlfriend ? Carrey : I had no girlfriend at the time . I mean , I was just knocking them off one after another . It was just sick . But -- so I went to the party . And I just stood there in the middle of the room and kind of had that feeling like I was everything I felt . And she looked at me , and she said , "  You just looked so peaceful that I had to come and talk to you . " King : What did you think when you saw her ? Carrey : I went -- well , I mean , I 'd seen her a bunch of times , never in person . But I just thought -- well , she 's nothing like the persona , like the "  Singled Out " person that I met -- or that I knew , that I had seen . Because I do n't think I wanted to go out with that person . You know ? She was brilliant , but that was n't the choice I would make . She was completely different than that . She was really sweet . King : And that 's magic when it hits ? Carrey : Yes . Beautiful . King : You ca n't predict it ? Carrey : No . You 're just lucky while it 's there , you know . That 's all , just lucky . King : Are you going to marry Jenny ? Carrey : No . I am married to Jenny . I love Jenny very much , and we have a great relationship . And we 've both been married a couple times . ... I like it the way it is , and I think she likes it the way it is . You know ? And that 's all we need . I really do n't , at this point of my life , feel like I need to have the approval of someone in the collar or a judge to tell us that our relationship is sacred . King : Did n't you suffer from depression ? Carrey : Yes . King : How did you get through that to this ? Carrey : Well , that 's another thing . You know at the risk of like opening up the whole Tom Cruise Prozac argument , you know , I do n't disagree in many ways . I think Prozac and things like that are very valuable to people for short periods of time . But I believe if you 're on them for an extended period of time , you never get to the problem . You never get to see what the problem is , because everything is just kind of OK . And so , you do n't deal . And people deal when they get desperate . King : So how did you do it ? Carrey : I take supplements . ... It 's a wonderful thing . It 's amazing . I 'm going to talk a lot about it in the near future . King : You 're going to write about it ? Carrey : Yes .	Jim Carrey : Projects always come into my life at the perfect time The actor says he likes comedy and drama equally "  I love Jenny -LSB- McCarthy -RSB- very much , and we have a great relationship , " he says Carrey says he and McCarthy do n't plan to marry
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Afghan government will change a law that critics say legalizes rape within marriage for Shia Muslims , President Hamid Karzai told CNN Thursday . Critics had feared that Afghanistan 's new Shiite law would set the nation backward . Karzai told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that he and others were unaware of the provision in the legislation , which he said "  has so many articles . " Karzai signed the measure into law last month . "  Now I have instructed , in consultation with clergy of the country , that the law be revised and any article that is not in keeping with the Afghan constitution and Islamic Sharia must be removed from this law , " Karzai said . The president 's comments came one day after several hundred demonstrators faced off over the law , which critics say prevents women from declining their husband 's request for sexual intercourse and essentially legalizes marital rape . The measure applies to the 20 percent of Afghans who are Shia Muslims . It was part of a nearly 270-page piece of legislation that was written to solidify the identity of the Shia minority in Afghanistan . The bill languished in the country 's parliament for a year-and-a-half before it was recently pushed through in what one legislator called a "  chaotic " vote . Women from various parts of Afghanistan marched in the capital Wednesday to protest the law , which has also been criticized by human-rights groups and Western leaders , including U.S. President Barack Obama . Watch Karzai react to controversial law ahead of Thursday 's comments " When the demonstrators reached a mosque housing a school run by a conservative Shia cleric who helped implement the law , students came out yelling and cursing and pelted the women with gravel , said Fawzia Koofi , a female member of the Afghan parliament . Koofi said police did little to protect the women , but a spokesman for the country 's interior minister disputed that . "  Police played a completely neutral role , " said spokesman Zamarai Bashiri . "  The police were able to control the demonstrations very well . " About 300 to 500 women protested the law while 600 to 700 demonstrators marched in support of it , he said . The marchers who opposed the law included several female members of Afghanistan 's parliament . "  Both sides were able to express their thoughts and expressions , " Bashiri said . The law has drawn much criticism . Watch a report on the law " "  I think this law is abhorrent , " Obama said recently . "  We think that it is very important for us to be sensitive to local culture , but we also think that there are certain basic principles that all nations should uphold , and respect for women and respect for their freedom and integrity is an important principle . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel also weighed in . "  We very much hope that the draft piece of legislation is to be withdrawn , " Merkel has said .	Afghan law appears to let a man to have sex with his wife even when she says "  no " Karzai tells CNN he , others unaware of the provision due to the amount of legislation Comments came one day after several hundred demonstrators faced off in Kabul Many Western leaders , including U.S. president , have criticized the planned law
CNN  -- Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian threw away the bronze medal he won in the Greco-Roman category in disgust in a protest over judging in his semifinal bout . Abrahamian places his medal on the competition mat in protest at a judging decision . Abrahamian was beaten in the 84 kg class by eventual gold medal winner Andrea Minguzzi of Italy but was furious with the verdict , shouting at the referee before confronting the judges . The Athens silver medal winner had to be restrained by teammates and later went on to win a bronze medal match . But the row continued at the medal ceremony as he only grudgingly mounted the podium and after receiving his medal made a point of taking it off and leaving it in the center of the competition mat . Swedish fans in the arena disagreed strongly with the original decision , jeering the judges , while coach Leo Myllari also weighed in . "  It 's all politics , " he said . The medal was later returned to the sport 's governing body . In archery , China 's Zhang Juanjuan has broken one of the Olympics ' tightest strangleholds by upsetting South Korea 's defending champion Park Sung-Hyun to win the women 's individual gold medal . Korean women archers have won every Olympic gold since Seo Hyang-Soon first took the title at the 1984 Games in Los Angeles . But roared on by a passionate home crowd , Zhang beat Park 110-109 in a tense final on a rain-swept course for a famous victory . The bronze went to second seed Yun Ok-Hee , also of South Korea , who was desperate to win a medal for her coach Moon Hyung-Cgul who is fighting thyroid cancer . Zhang beat all three South Koreans on her way to the title , setting a new Olympic record of 115 in her semifinal victory over world record holder Yun . "  I have won this honor for all archers in China and I believe the future will be brighter , " said Zhang . "  I dreamed I could win a gold medal every day . I was well prepared . It was a hard journey but I finally made it . " Zhang needed to shoot a nine on her final arrow to win , but said she never doubted she could do it . "  I was quite confident , " she said . "  I shot the last arrow with no hesitation because I was confident . " South Korea had earlier won both the men 's and women 's team gold medals . There was another gold for the host nation in the judo hall when Yang Xiuli won the women 's 78kg competition -- China 's second judo gold . Yang beat Cuban Yalennis Castillo by a contentious judges ' decision in the final -- following 10 minutes of gruelling combat . The pair fought to a 1-1 draw at the end of the regulation five minutes , then traded ineffective throws to force a judges ' decision , which Yang won amid roaring cheers from the home-country crowd . South Korean Jeong Gyeong Mi claimed bronze as she threw and then pinned down Brazil 's Edinaci Silva . Frenchwoman Stephanie Possamai recorded her first victory in four attempts against Spanish veteran Esther San Miguel to win the other bronze medal . Naidan Tuvshinbayar won Mongolia 's first ever Olympic gold medal when claiming the men 's 100kg title . In the final , Naidan beat Askhat Zhitkeyev , for whom the consolation was winning Kazakhstan 's first-ever Olympic medal in the sport . Naidan , who upset Athen 's Olympic champion Keiji Suzuki of Japan in his opening bout , scored a waza ari with just under two minutes remaining , then added two yuko to seal the victory Azerbaijani fighter Movlud Miraliev took bronze by beating Poland 's Przemyslaw Matyaszek , before celebrating with an impressive backflip , while European champion Henk Grol of the Netherlands also claimed bronze , beating Georgian Levan Zhorzholiani . Meanwhile , Chiara Cainero of Italy won the gold medal in women 's skeet shooting , beating American Kim Rhode and Christine Brinker of Germany in a shoot-off . The three finished tied on 93 targets -- and Cainero hit the first two targets of the shoot-off , with Rhode and Brinker each missing one . The shoot-off continued to determine second place , with Rhode prevailing . Cainero led after qualifying with a score of 72 , but she hit only 21 of 25 targets in the final round , enabling Rhode and Brinker to catch up . Rhode won gold in double trap in 1996 and 2004 , but that event was eliminated for women before the Beijing Games . China 's Du Li rebounded from her defeat in the first medal competition of the Games , to win gold in the women 's 50-meter , three-position rifle event . Du led by one point entering the finals and shot a 101.3 to win with an Olympic record 690.3 points . Silver medalist Katerina Emmons finished with 687.7 points , while Cuba 's Eglis Yaima Cruz got the bronze . The victory will ease the disappointment of Du 's performance in the 10-meter air rifle event , when she was a favorite to claim the honor of winning the first gold medal in Beijing but flopped to finish fifth behind Czech Emmons , admitting the pressure of competing at home got to her . The host nation suffered a rare disappointment when the Chinese trio lost to Ukraine in the final of the women 's team saber fencing . Olga Kharlan scored nine of the bout 's last 13 points , leading the Ukrainian team to a surprise 45-44 victory over the China Ukraine trailed 40-36 when Kharlan entered the strip for the final round against China 's Tan Xue . The first team to 45 points wins and , after Kharlan rallied to a 44-all tie , everything was riding on the final point . After both fencers attacked , the official checked video replay but awarded neither athlete a point . Kharlan then scored the winning touch to complete a remarkable comeback . In team fencing , three fencers for each team rotate over nine rounds . In her last two rounds , Kharlan outscored her opponents 21-9 . China settled for the silver medal , and the United States took the bronze . The U.S. featured all three individual medalists in women 's saber but were upset by Ukraine in the semifinals . Heavy rain disrupted much of Thursday 's action and there was no action possible in either the rowing or canoeing events . At the Shunyi Rowing-Canoeing Park , the entire schedule was shifted to Friday , which was to be an off-day for the rowers . The rain also washed out Thursday 's canoe-kayak events , including the semifinals and the final of the women 's kayak singles and the men 's canoe double final . The schedule has also been moved to Friday , when no competition was scheduled . Following the completion of all Thursday 's medal events , China lead the way witha massive 22 gold medals . The United States have 10 , while South Korea , Italy and Germany all have six .	Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian throws away bronze medal in disgust China 's Zhang Juanjuan breaks South Korean dominance in women 's archery Zhang defeats defending champion Park Sung-Hyun 110-109 in a tense final Heavy rain disrupts Olympic program with rowing and canoeing all washed out
CNN  -- Confirming earlier rumors , Apple launched a new program Friday that will allow customers to trade in old iPhones at U.S. Apple stores for credit towards a newer model . Apple already has an online recycling program that lets users trade older iPhones for credit on an Apple gift card . This new nationwide program lets customers bring their phones into stores for a discount on a new handset -- most likely the next iPhone , expected to go on sale next month -- provided the new phone comes with a wireless contract . You may want to hold off until Apple makes its latest iPhone announcements so you 're not stuck with last season 's model . The company is widely expected to unveil two new iPhones at an event on September 10 . "  iPhones hold great value . So , Apple Retail Stores are launching a new program to assist customers who wish to bring in their previous-generation iPhone for reuse or recycling , " said Apple spokeswoman Amy Bessette in a statement . "  In addition to helping support the environment , customers will be able to receive a credit for their returned phone that they can use toward the purchase of a new iPhone . " According to reports in the Wall Street Journal and 9to5 Mac , the most Apple will credit someone for an old device is $ 280 , and the store credit needs to be used on a new iPhone . Apple 's Reuse and Recycling programs are not new , but they seem to get renewed attention every August , just ahead of September iPhone announcements . A version of program has been available through Apple.com for years . After answering some questions about the state of a device , you can trade eligible computers , iPhones , iPads and iPods for Apple store credit . The new in-store program will be operated via a third-party re-seller , Brightstar  the online recycling program is run through PowerOn  . Prices may vary between in-store and online trade-ins , although there are fewer limitations with Apple 's online option . You get store credit that can be used towards any product , and no contract is necessary . Right now , a top of the line , mint-condition iPhone 5 can net $ 406 in Apple store credit . Before handing your old device over to Apple , check all your options to make sure you 're getting the best price . Carriers including AT&T and Verizon also offer store credit in exchange for old iPhones and other smartphones . Sites like Gazelle and NextWorth will also give a free quote for selling old iPhones , and they pay in cash that you can use on another iPhone , a rival model or a fancy dinner . To determine how much your old smartphone is worth , Apple and the other companies will ask if it 's had any water damage  thanks to a small sensor in the headphone jack , they can tell if you 're lying  , make sure everything is working properly and check the exterior for scratches and other flaws . If you have patience , eBay and Craigslist can also bring in good prices for old devices . Or , if you 're feeling charitable , there are nonprofit organizations that accept iPhone donations .	iPhone users now can trade in old models at Apple stores for credit on a new phone The company 's Reuse and Recycling program offers online credit for phones , iPads and computers Apple is widely expected to unveil two new iPhones September 10
CNN  -- Inter Milan capitalized on AC Milan 's slip-up to move within two points of their city rivals after a controversial 1-0 win at home to lowly Lecce on Sunday . Leaders Milan suffered a shock 1-0 defeat at Palermo on Saturday , giving Inter hope of a sixth successive title with eight rounds left to play this season ahead of the derby at the San Siro on April 2 . However , both teams also face a challenge from Napoli who could move within three points of the leaders with a win over Cagliari in Sunday 's late match . Inter took control from the opening whistle at the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza , but squandered countless opportunities as Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder missed two great chances in the opening 20 minutes . Blow for AC Milan title bid The remainder of the first half was peppered with controversial incidents , with Lecce 's Uruguayan midfielder Guillermo Giacomazzi yellow-carded for his kick on Samuel Eto'o , then Inter defender Lucio was booked for a handball that means he is suspended for the Milan derby in two weeks . Inter striker Giampaolo Pazzini and Lecce 's Brazilian defender Fabiano had to be broken up by referee Daniele Orsato when the pair came to blows . The second half started just as bizarrely , as a mistake from Lecce goalkeeper Antonio Rosati almost gifted Inter with an unlikely goal . As it was , Inter 's 54th-minute winner from Pazzini was hotly-disputed by the Lecce players , who claimed it had come off the Italy forward 's hand . "  Today I can say that we 're where we wanted to be and the derby wo n't be decisive , even if we win , because we 'll only have a one-point lead , " Inter coach Leonardo told the club 's website . "  Let 's not forget that Napoli and Udinese have been on great runs for a long time . Champions League hopefuls Udinese moved ahead of Napoli and Lazio into third place in the table after defeating Catania 2-0 . Gokhan Inler opened proceedings for the home side in the 22nd minute , while captain Antonio di Natale doubled the lead with a penalty in the 74th minute after Alexis Sanchez was brought down by Giuseppe Marchese . Sixth-placed AS Roma twice came from behind to secure a 2-2 draw at Fiorentina , as captain Francesco Totti bagged his second successive double to pass 200 career goals in Serie A. Romania striker Adrian Mutu put Fiorentina ahead before Totti reached the landmark with a penalty , but defender Alessandro Gamberini made it 2-1 at halftime . Totti , whose brace secured Roma victory in the in the Eternal City derby against Lazio last weekend , earned his team a point seven minutes after halftime from John Arne Riise 's cross . Juventus moved into seventh place ahead of Palermo after defeating second-bottom Brescia 2-1 . Milos Krasic scored in the 25th minute for Juve , but Eder leveled the match just before halftime . Veteran striker Alessandro del Piero tied up three points for the home side in the 68th minute , while Victor Mareco 's sending-off left Brescia with just 10 men for the last 20 minutes . Mid-table Chievo beat bottom side Bari 2-1 . Sergio Pellissier put Chievo ahead after 38 minutes only for the home side to be awarded a penalty two minutes later , allowing Abdelkhader Ghezzal to equalize . Davide Moscardelli scored the winner for the visitors four minutes after halftime . Parma moved four points clear of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at Sampdoria , thanks to Cristian Zaccardo 's 65th-minute goal . Sampdoria had a chance to level the game with a penalty 10 minutes later , but striker Massimo Maccarone was unsuccessful as his team were left two points above the relegation zone . Mid-table rivals Bologna and Genoa settled for a 1-1 draw , with striker Marco Di Vaio opening the scoring for the former after 28 minutes and defender Dario Dainelli equalizing just before halftime .	Inter Milan move within two points of their city rivals AC Milan in Italy 's Serie A Inter beat Lecce 1-0 on Sunday after Milan lost 1-0 to Palermo the day before Napoli can reclaim third and be three points off lead by beating Cagliari in late match Francesco Totti passes 200 Serie A goals with double in Roma 's 2-2 draw at Fiorentina
CNN  -- Events are unfolding at a rapid pace in Ferguson , Missouri . The city has been in turmoil since August 9 , when a white city police officer fatally shot an unarmed black teenager , Michael Brown , in the middle of a street . Protesters and law enforcement officers have clashed in the streets . Here are the latest developments for Tuesday : Another night of violence : Once again , peaceful protests gave way to angry confrontations with police late Monday night into early Tuesday . After a handful of protesters threw rocks , bottles and Molotov cocktails , security forces responded with tear gas and stun grenades . Most of the demonstrators , however , tried to keep the peace . St. Louis County jail officials said at least 77 people were arrested , the vast majority of them on refusal to disperse charges . Some of them came from as far away as New York and California . Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson , who is in charge of security in Ferguson , told CNN there were 50 to 60 arrests . Michael Brown 's family : The late teenager 's mother , Lesley McSpadden , told NBC 's "  Today " show that the only way to end the unrest is "  justice " -- which her family and their supporters have repeatedly tied to the arrest of the police officer who killed Brown . "  Justice will bring peace , I believe , " McSpadden said . The family 's attorney , Benjamin Crump , also announced that Brown 's funeral will be held Monday . Criminal proceedings : A grand jury could begin to hear testimony as early as Wednesday from witnesses , according to Ed Magee , a spokesman for the St. Louis County prosecutor 's office . They 'll ultimately decide whether or not to return an indictment against Darren Wilson , the police officer who killed Brown . Federal investigation : U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder will visit Ferguson on Wednesday , in part to check on the investigation being handled by the Justice Department 's civil rights division and the local U.S. Attorney 's Office . In an op-ed in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , Holder said that a number of federal prosecutors and about 40 FBI agents have already been tasked with looking into the case . He said that hundreds of people have been interviewed and a team of medical examiners will conduct a second autopsy . Prosecuting attorney protest : Dozens protested Tuesday outside the office of St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch , demanding that he recuse himself in the case . The Mound City Bar Association -- a Missouri-based organization that calls itself "  one of the oldest black bar associations west of the Mississippi River " -- did the same in a statement . Some residents and community leaders claim McCulloch has deep ties to the police and has favored law enforcement in criminal cases . Yet the prosecutor has given no indications that he 'll step away . School closures : The situation remains so unstable that the Ferguson-Florissant School District said it is canceling classes for the rest of the week . Two nearby districts -- Jennings and Riverview Gardens -- opted to remain closed again Tuesday as well , according to CNN affiliate KMOV . In light of the closure , the Ferguson-Florissant School District is offering food assistance -- in the form of sack lunches -- to children and teenagers at five elementary schools between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. on Wednesday , Thursday and Friday . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests The investigation : St. Louis County police are looking into Brown 's shooting . President Obama has the Justice Department , including the FBI , looking into the case as well . The police officer : Darren Wilson , 28 , who has six years on the force with no disciplinary issues on his record , is on paid administrative leave . If he returns to duty , he would have to undergo two psychological evaluations , authorities said . He was briefly taken to the hospital after the confrontation with Brown for treatment of an injury that left his face swollen , according to the Ferguson police chief . Wilson has garnered more and more public support in recent days . That includes a rally held for him in St. Louis and a fundraising effort that had raised more than $ 36,000 from nearly 1,000 people as of Tuesday . Michael Brown 's family : They 've hired lawyers and expressed outrage at how the police have handled things , including Friday 's simultaneous release of the officer 's name and surveillance video from the day of the shooting that showed a man identified in police documents as Brown roughing up a convenience store clerk while purportedly stealing cigars . The family and critics of the department have accused police of trying to damage Brown 's character . Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	NEW : Protesters call for the prosecuting attorney to recuse himself Michael Brown , 18 , was shot dead by a police officer on August 9 His family and their supporters demand that the officer be charged The officer has gotten more and more public support in recent days
The French Senate approved a controversial bill Friday that would give same-sex couples the rights to marry and adopt . The lower house has already approved the legislation . The bill , to which 10 amendments were made in the Senate , must still go through a second reading in the National Assembly and a final reading in the upper house . The date for those readings has not yet been set . Minister for the Family Dominique Berinotti told CNN affiliate BFM-TV that the Senate vote was a "  beautiful victory . " Extending the rights to marry and adopt to same-sex couples in France was one of President Francois Hollande 's electoral pledges in campaigning last year . The left , which includes Hollande 's governing Socialist Party , dominates the National Assembly , where the bill passed by a large majority in February . The party has only a slim majority in the Senate . The plan faced stiff opposition from the Roman Catholic Church , other religious groups and social conservatives , with huge numbers turning out for protests in recent weeks . It won wide backing from gay rights advocates . The new law would mark the biggest step forward for French gay rights advocates in more than a decade . A law legalizing civil unions was introduced in 1999 in France under a previous Socialist government . Known in France as the PACS  pacte civil de solidarite  , the civil union agreement can be entered into by same-sex or straight couples and confers many but not all of the rights of marriage . Same-sex marriage : Who will legalize it next ?	French Senate approves a bill that would extend the right to marry to same-sex couples The controversial bill would also allow same-sex couples to adopt The move has been opposed by social conservatives and the Catholic Church The legislation has won wide backing from gay rights advocates
The strategist in charge of electing a Republican Senate majority thanked Democrats on Thursday for keeping President Barack Obama on the sidelines and building their campaigns around women 's issues instead of making an economic argument . Rob Collins , the executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , told reporters in a postmortem session that Democrats "  sidelined their best messenger " by running from Obama . "  They were so focused on independents that they forgot they had a base , " Collins said of Democratic campaigns . "  They left their base behind . They became Republican-lite . " The "  war on women " message that permeated so many Democratic campaigns up and down the ballot "  was a mistake , " Collins said -- it used "  a tactic as a strategy . " He praised Republican candidates for being "  proactive and having something to say . " "  I ca n't remember a Democrat who spent any kind of money in a significant way talking about the economy , " he said . "  If I had a choice between talking about the number one issue we saw in every single poll , and talking about a single issue , I would be talking about the number one issue . " Not all Democratic campaigns ran single-issue campaigns . A number of Democrats , especially those in the party 's progressive and labor wings of the party , have highlighted Tuesday winners like Al Franken in Minnesota , Gary Peters in Michigan and Jeanne Shaheen in New Hampshire as candidates who talked about women 's issues but also weaved the debate into a larger economic theme . But even those campaigns were careful to avoid being seen as too close to the president . Collins and NRSC communications director Brad Dayspring agreed that Obama was a political lightning rod for Democrats -- especially late in the campaign . But they said they were baffled that their opponents did n't use him to rally the base throughout the year and make an argument about the economic successes of the Obama administration -- particularly in the purple states of Colorado , Iowa and North Carolina . "  If you are running to Mark Udall 's campaign , there is an argument to be made that unemployment was higher when he took office , " Dayspring said . "  There is an argument that gas prices were higher when he took office . But they never made it . They stuck to a flawed strategy that talked about birth control and abortion through the election . That was something we never understood . "	The National Republican Senatorial Committee held a postmortem call Thursday The Executive Director said that Democrats shied away from economic issues The focus on single issues was using a ` tactic as a strategy , ' Republicans said Republicans gained at least 7 seats in the U.S. Senate in Tuesday 's midterms
CNN  -- Not only is Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi the first woman to hold a ministerial post in the United Arab Emirates , the first female minister of economy in the Gulf , and the first to start a Middle Eastern BB marketplace , but she 's also the first minister - anywhere in the world - to launch her own perfume line . Member of Sharjah royal family and one of Forbes ' 100 most powerful women , Sheikha Lubna took the post of minister for economy and planning of United Arab Emirates in 2004 . Her background is in IT and before the government appointment worked at the Dubai Ports Authority where she gained the "  Distinguished Government Employee Award " in 1999 for developing a documentation system that reduced cargo turnaround from one hour to ten minutes . In 2000 , Sheikha Lubna founded Tejari , the first Middle Eastern business-to-business marketplace . As a result of Tejari  Arabic for commerce  70 percent of Dubai 's government purchases are made online , while only 30 percent of bureaucrats were web-literate before its launch . One of the cornerstones of Sheikha Lubna 's work has been to allow for foreign ownership , so when John Defterios met up with her , he began by asking her about her upcoming strategy . Sheikha Lubna : We are looking with scrutiny at the companies a lot at the moment and we have several sectors . We will evaluate each sector , from the service side , finance , accounting . And any sector that we believe we need further development in terms of economic growth , then we will focus on that : on increasing the acquisition or the ownership of the foreign company . Defterios : If you look at the Middle East , specifically within this Gulf region , it 's quite a radical change to open up specific sectors to majority foreign ownership . Is this society in the region ready for this move ? Sheikha Lubna : Interestingly , the United Arab Emirates is host to 80 percent of its population coming from outside . We host 200 nationalities , so for us , the contribution to the economy has already started over 15 years ago with the existence of the expatriate community . So in many ways I think the openness is only a natural path : it 's an organic path to continue the openness that exists . Foreign direct investment is not your own wealth . When you have your own wealth , you have a tendency to be complacent sometimes , because it 's your money and you may not think you need to actually strengthen your infrastructure . However , if you look at foreign direct investment , it mandates you to be much more transparent , you have to be very diligent about your work , and it also creates new knowledge coming into the country and you can create more development through employment . Defterios : It 's interesting , you read the front line of the DP World , P&O acquisition and the furor it created in the United States particularly within Congress . What are the lessons , not just from the UAE perspective , but the lessons learned from both sides during that whole process ? Sheikha Lubna : First of all , I think it is important to understand , in this global world , there is a circulation of funds and there is excess of wealth that has to go somewhere . Liquidity of markets sometimes means you invest internally or you invest abroad . We 've learned a lesson being in the oil crises earlier that you need to diversify your money and look into investment abroad . And we 've seen this where the UAE invests in the Far East , Australia , Asia as well as in Europe and the United States . What 's more important to understand is that if you 're going to lock up your interest in terms of selling either because of protectionism or a particular idea in your mind that I do n't want to sell to this particular organization versus another , there are other places . Defterios : That 's not a veiled message your saying , that 's pretty forthright this comment . Sheikha Lubna : But it 's a message to all of us . If today I lock up my investment opportunity here , money will not come to me , money will go somewhere else . When I have investment coming from abroad , it creates confidence in this country that ' I am a global image ' . So when I say it , I am not directing this as a message to a particular country . I am saying all countries are equal when it comes to regulation , when it comes to responsibility , when it comes to strategy in terms of attracting foreign funds and wealth coming to the country . So that 's really a lesson that 's very very critical . Defterios : A number of firsts : the first to start a B2B marketplace ; the first female minister within the country , an economy minister ; and the first to launch a perfume range as well . What is it all about ? Trailblazing , setting examples , being an entrepreneur ? How would you describe what you 're doing here ? Sheikha Lubna : Everybody laughs about the perfume . One , I think the United Arab Emirates , since inception  it 's not from today but from the founder late Sheikh Zayed  has always given equal opportunities for women . But it 's up to us as women to decide what is it that we can push , and what it is that we can do and not do . In my personal belief you need a bridge , you need a door opener for women . And sometimes women do not want to take the risk . Sometimes they are shy of achieving what they should be achieving . I had the opportunity and I had the trust from the government and the community , so to me , it is setting the example internally for the young women , and men by the way . Be it in technology , or economy or e-commerce . Defterios : And the perfume line is the exclamation point ? Sheikha Lubna : A young woman , actually a perfume creator , who sells exclusively to Saks Fifth Avenue in Dubai , decided to create a perfume with my name . So I had two mandates from her . One , I had to smell it , otherwise if it does n't smell good I 'm not going to take it as a name . So one , I had to actually agree to the scent of the perfume . And it 's an Arabic perfume by the way . And second , my mandate was that I would only launch it with my name for her , if she gives 20 percent of its sales and revenue to the Friends of Cancer Patients . E-mail to a friend	Sheikha Lubna was first female minister in the United Arab Emirates Openness to foreign ownership is the "  natural path " , she says If countries "  lock up " interest due to protectionism there are other places to go
CNN  -- The Idaho man who slapped a crying 19-month-old boy on a Delta flight in February was sentenced Monday to eight months in prison , the man 's lawyer said . Joe Rickey Hundley pleaded guilty to assault in federal court in October . Hundley 's attorney , Marcia Shein , said Hundley will report to a yet-to-be determined prison but did n't say what the date would be . She said she respects the judge 's ruling but called the sentence "  disproportionate " to the crime and added that it was two months longer than what prosecutors had recommended . In February , Hundley was seated next to Jessica Bennett and her 19-month-old son in row 28 when Delta flight 721 from Minneapolis , Minnestoa , began its descent into Atlanta . When the baby began to cry , Hundley allegedly told Bennett to "  shut that  N-word  baby up , " according to an FBI affidavit . "  He  then turned around and slapped  the child  in the face with an open hand , which caused  him  to scream even louder , " the affidavit continued . The boy suffered a scratch below his right eye . Shein said in a February statement that her client was in distress and grieving during the flight after learning the day before that his son was in a coma , after overdosing on insulin . Hundley was headed to Atlanta to decide whether or not to take his son -- who died the day after the flight -- off life support . Shein said Hundley "  had paid a terrible price for his hurtful words but asks only that people understand that he was not doing well that night and spoke hurtful words he would have not otherwise have said . " Will the slap heard ` round the country have lasting effects ? CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Kevin Conlon contributed to this story .	Joe Rickey Hundley will report to a prison , which has yet to be determined He was sitting next to a woman and her baby while on his way to see his gravely ill son He slapped the baby with an open hand , court document said Lawyer calls eight-month sentence too harsh
London  CNN  -- It was just like a scene from the Alfred Hitchcock crime caper "  To Catch a Thief . " The same hotel . The sparkly jewels . The robbery . Only this was real life . A robber , his face covered by a hat and a scarf threatened to shoot attendees at a exhibition in Canne 's Carlton Hotel , setting of the 1955 movie , on Sunday . Within minutes he had escaped with $ 136 million worth of jewels : security guards at the show were unarmed , while the man had a semi-automatic pistol . The robbery is the third high-profile jewelery heist in Cannes in Southern France in only three months . During the Cannes film festival in May , a necklace worth $ 2.6 million  2 million euros  was stolen from a hotel party shortly after more than $ 1 million worth of jewels were stolen from a safe in a hotel room . The high-profile thefts follow a brazen heist in neighboring Belgium in February . A gang of eight men managed to snatch $ 50 million worth of diamonds from a plane on Brussels Airport -- within only eight minutes . "  It comes as a big surprise that something like this is possible , " said Jan Van der Cruysse , a spokesman for Brussels Airport . "  But of course , this is rather connected to banditism and organized crime rather than aviation security . " Yet such incidents have a history . From 1960s gangster film-style armed robberies to elaborate stunts involving drag queens and fake beards , thieves from around the world have tried almost anything to get hold of diamonds . Here are some of the biggest heists they pulled off : On Valentine 's Day weekend in February 2003 , $ 100 million worth of precious stones were snatched from the Antwerp Diamond Center . The thieves , headed by Leonardo Notarbartolo , reportedly managed to penetrate some of the most advanced security measures , including hi-tech combination locks , motion and heat sensors -- and 18-inch steel doors . The gangsters even changed the tapes of the security cameras in the building to avoid being identified . They did , however , make one mistake : they left behind a half-eaten sandwich with DNA samples on it . They were arrested after months-long police operation involving detectives in several countries . The jewels were never recovered . The sensational robbery inspired a book "  Flawless -- Inside the Largest Diamond heist in the History . " In March 2007 , a man using the name Carlos Hector Flomenbaum adopted an unorthodox approach to robbery . Swapping weapons for chocolates and charm , Flomenbaum became a frequent customer at ABN Amro bank in Antwerp . Befriending the bank staff , who believed he was a successful diamond trader , he gained their trust and acquired a key to the bank 's vault . Once he had the key , he simply let himself in and walked out of the front door with 120,000 carats of diamonds , worth $ 28 million . In mid-May 2008 , four armed robbers -- two disguised as women -- walked into a jewelry store in Paris . Once inside , they pulled out their weapons , forced the customers and employees into a corner , and grabbed jewels out of display cases and safes . Swiping an estimated 80 million euros  $ 102 million  worth of jewels , the "  drag queen robbery " became one of the biggest heists in history . On New Year 's Eve 2008 , two armed men casually walked into a shop called Dialite Imports , one of New York 's diamond district shops . Dressed in traditional Orthodox-jewish clothing accessorized with fake beards , they quickly gained access to the store 's safe , spray-painting two security cameras in the process . They disappeared with $ 4 million in diamonds and other jewels . The heist later turned out to be an elaborate inside job set up by the store 's co-owners , who were $ 1 million in debt , six months behind on their rent and acquired a new insurance policy shortly before the robbery . In 2009 , two sharp-suited men walked into Graff Jewellers on central London 's New Bond Street . In the middle of the afternoon , with people walking on the streets outside , they threatened employees with handguns and managed to steal 43 items , with a value of about # 40 million  $ 65 million  . In 1994 three men armed with a machine gun stormed into the Carlton Hotel in Cannes , France . They stole jewels valued at # 30 million  $ 43 million  from a jewelry shop in the hotel . Reportedly , the rounds they had been firing were blanks -- which did not prevent them from gaining the world 's biggest gems robbery record in Guinness Book of Records .	$ 50 million worth of diamonds were stolen from a plane on Brussels Airport It is one of the biggest diamond robberies in the history -- only a few thieves stole more In 2003 , $ 100 million worth of diamonds were snatched from Antwerp Diamond Center
CNN  -- Maryland 's governor signed a bill Thursday repealing the death penalty . The legislation goes into effect October 1 . In those cases in which the state has filed a notice to seek a death sentence , "  the notice shall be considered withdrawn and it shall be considered a notice to seek a sentence of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole under specified circumstances , " according to a press release from the office of Gov. Martin O'Malley . O'Malley 's office said Maryland is the 18th state to repeal the death penalty , "  Maryland has effectively eliminated a policy that is proven not to work . Evidence shows that the death penalty is not a deterrent , it can not be administered without racial bias , and it costs three times as much as life in prison without parole , " the office said in a statement . "  Furthermore , there is no way to reverse a mistake if an innocent person is put to death . Working together with law enforcement partners , Maryland has driven down violent crime and homicides to three decade lows . " Five men currently are on Maryland 's death row , and O'Malley so far has not commuted their sentences .	There are five men currently on Maryland 's death row The governor signs a bill repealing the death penalty in Maryland The state instead will seek sentences of life without possibility of parole
CNN  -- Thousands of mourners filled a Tracy , California , high school gym Thursday to remember slain 8-year-old Sandra Renee Cantu . Sandra Cantu , 8 , had been missing almost two weeks before her body was found . The little girl made national headlines after she went missing March 27 from a mobile home park in Tracy where she lived with her family . She was on her way to a friend 's home and her playful skipping down an alley was caught by a surveillance camera . Police later found her body stuffed into a suitcase and submerged in a pond at a nearby dairy farm . Photos of Sandra , flowers and stuffed animals covered the front of the stage . Family members , friends and state dignitaries memorialized the child during a ceremony that lasted just over an hour . The printed program called the memorial service "  A Celebration of Life , " and organizers said they hoped the service would help ease the pain the community has suffered since Sandra 's disappearance . "  We are left with the haunting image of her skipping on the streets of Tracy . But today she is skipping on the streets of gold , into the arms of a loving God " , said Brent Ives , mayor of Tracy . Cindy Sasser , principal at Jacobsen Elementary School told mourners , "  We should all strive to be like Sandra -- always smiling , wanting to help , to look out for others and to be caring . " The service included a video that showcased some of the family 's favorite photos . People from across California attended , filling the gymnasium , cafeteria and the football stadium at West High School . Melissa Huckaby , 28 , a Sunday school teacher who lived in the same mobile home park as Sandra 's family , has been charged with murder , kidnapping , the performance of a lewd and lascivious act on a child under 14 , and rape by instrument . If convicted , she would face the death penalty or life in prison without parole , San Joaquin County District Attorney James Willett said this week . A private memorial service for Sandra was held Wednesday . Her casket , signed by classmates , was taken to a nearby burial site by a horse-drawn carriage .	NEW : Photo montage shown at service for Sandra at a high school in Tracy Girl , 8 , disappeared March 27 ; her body was found in suitcase on April 6 Police arrested Melissa Huckaby , 28 , and charged her with killing and raping Sandra If convicted , Huckaby faces the death penalty or life in prison without parole
CNN  -- Former Vice President Al Gore endorsed Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama on Monday , urging Americans to reject what he called the Bush administration 's legacy of "  incompetence , negligence and failure . " In Detroit on Monday , Al Gore endorsed Sen. Barack Obama for president . "  Americans simply can not afford to continue the policies of the last eight years for another four , " Gore , the party 's 2000 presidential nominee , told Obama supporters at a rally in Detroit , Michigan . Perceived as a senior statesman in the Democratic party , Gore brings a certain force to Obama 's campaign , political analysts have said . Monday marked Gore 's debut in the 2008 election ; he had not weighed in while Obama was still battling Sen. Hillary Clinton . Amid thousands of cheering supporters , Gore began by addressing head-on the criticism that Obama does n't have enough experience to lead the nation . The former vice president turned Nobel Prize winner playfully said he recalled one Republican nominee wondering out loud whether his Democratic rival for president was "  naive and inexperienced . " "  And yet another said the United States can not afford to risk the future of the free world with inexperience and immaturity in the White House , " said Gore . "  Who were they talking about ? Every single one of those quotes came from the campaign of 1960 , when the the Republicans attacked John Fitzgerald Kennedy for allegedly lacking the age and experience necessary to be president . " Richard Nixon was the Republican nominee in 1960 . Joining Obama in the midst of the candidate 's two week swing through the nation to talk about his plans to revitalize the economy , Gore praised Obama as someone who could mobilize people , young and old , who had never before taken part in politics . Gore went on to praise the nominee 's vision on the environment , domestic and international issues . Saying he will do whatever he can to support Obama 's bid for the White House , Gore said Obama has "  inspired " him . "  I feel that same spirit in this auditorium tonight , building all over this country this year , " he said . "  Take it from me , elections matter , " Gore said . "  If you think the next appointments to our Supreme Court are important , you know that elections matter . If you live in the city of New Orleans , you know that elections matter . If you or a member of your family are serving in the active military , the National Guard or Reserves , you know that elections matter . "  If you are a wounded veteran , you know that elections matter . If you 've lost your job ; if you 're struggling with a mortgage , you know that elections matter . " Watch Gore say Americans must let Washington know that they want a change " Gore cited concerns about the environment , lead-painted toys and food safety -- even pet foods -- as other reasons to vote for the Democrat . "  After the last eight years , even our dogs and cats have learned that elections matter , " Gore said , adding , "  After eight years of lost jobs and lower wages , we need change . After eight years of incompetence , negligence and failure , we need change . " Gore said the Bush administration has "  dishonored and disrespected " the Constitution and led the nation through "  eight years of the most serious foreign policy mistakes in the entire history of our nation . " The Tennessean newspaper noted Obama was among the few senators in either party who argued against the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq prior to the invasion Gore called a "  blunder . " He called for Americans to move beyond partisanship and select in Obama a leader who can "  solve the climate crisis and create a bright future . " GOP spokesman Alex Conant reacted to Gore 's criticism of President Bush . "  This election is n't about changing the past , it 's about changing the future , " he told The Associated Press on Monday evening . Calling attention to the fact that Gore 's 2000 running mate , Sen. Joe Lieberman , has since left the Democratic Party to become an independent and is backing Sen. John McCain , he said , "  It 's telling that half of the 2000 Democratic ticket endorsed John McCain early in the campaign , while the other half waited until Barack Obama had been the presumptive nominee for weeks . "	In front of thousands of cheering supporters , Gore made his '08 election debut Gore : America can not withstand another four years like the previous eight The Nobel Prize winner drew a connection between JFK and Obama Gore 's support carries significant weight , analysts say
CNN  -- Pope Francis generally comes off as so hip , so completely at home in the 21st century , it 's tempting to forget he 's also a deeply religious believer and therefore sees the world fairly differently than most of his fellow celebrities and pop culture icons . We 'll get a reminder of the point on Sunday , when Francis presides over a service in Rome 's Basilica of St. Peter featuring a rare public exhibit of what Catholic tradition regards as the bones of Peter , the Church 's first pope . The secular mind ca n't help asking , "  Are these really Peter 's bones ? " and "  How do we know ? " For believers such as Francis , however , the more relevant question is , "  What spiritual message do they have ? " In a nutshell , the pope , as well as the throngs of believers who 'll line up to see the bones , will venerate them not on the basis of empirical evidence , but a spiritual conviction that they evoke the very origins of the papacy and of Christianity . They invite devotees to see themselves as part of a 2,000-year "  communion of saints " whose original leader was a poor fisherman , who the Bible says denied Jesus three times , yet whose faith was so strong in the end that he gave his life to defend it . The exhibit is designed to wrap up a "  Year of Faith " for Catholics around the world originally launched under Pope Benedict XVI , and carried to its conclusion by Francis . To be sure , there 's a beguiling detective story behind the bones . Detective story St. Peter 's Basilica was originally constructed in 330 A.D. by the Emperor Constantine , over an old pagan cemetery believed to be the burial site of Peter , whom tradition holds was martyred by being crucified upside down . For the next sixteen centuries nobody poked around underneath the basilica to see what was actually down there , feeling that the site was too sacred to be disturbed . In 1923 , however , the world was dazzled by the discovery of King Tutankhamen 's tomb in Egypt , a global sensation that left a deep impression on a young Italian cleric named Eugenio Pacelli . When Pacelli became Pope Pius XII in 1939 , he authorized a dig under the basilica , and in 1942 archeologists found a niche they believed housed Peter 's remains . Unfortunately , the fragments turned out to belong to several people . It took a couple decades before experts singled out a set of bones belonging to a man who had been 5ft 7in tall , of heavy build , and who was aged between 60 and 70 at the time of his death , all of which were consistent with traditional depictions of Peter . Stains suggested the bones had been wrapped in a purplish , gold-threaded cloth , symbolizing a person of importance . Most intriguing , an inscription was found near the cavity that linguists reconstructed as Petros eni , which in ancient Greek could mean , "  Peter is within . " That was enough for Paul VI , the pope at the time , who announced in 1968 that the bones of Peter had been identified "  in a manner which we believe convincing . " Yet debate swirled then , and still does , about how reliable that identification actually is . Logic of faith In truth , all one can say for certain is that these are ancient human remains found in a spot devoted to Peter 's memory . Since there 's no DNA sample to compare , there 's no way of proving whether the bones are really his . A top Vatican official conceded as much in 2000 , saying the Church is in a "  very discrete and insecure position " on the bones and that references to Peter 's remains are "  a bit relative . " It 's similar to the situation with the alleged bones of St. Paul , preserved in another Roman basilica , which were subjected to carbon-14 testing in 2007 under Pope Benedict XVI and shown to come from the first century . That test provides a date , but not an identity . In other words , we still do n't know if the bones really belong to the apostle . That 's where the logic of faith takes over . First of all , the bones Francis will venerate on Sunday spent centuries resting in the site linked to Peter 's martyrdom and burial . That history makes them , at a minimum , what Catholic tradition regards as "  relics by contact , " meaning objects physically connected to the legacy of the saint . Beyond that , Francis knows these bones have been hallowed by countless acts of prayer and devotion , and that like other famous relics , such as the Shroud of Turin or the Belt of Mary , they evoke awe and devotion regardless of their actual provenance . Especially for the first pope from Latin America , a continent where popular devotion is the very soul of religious experience , that mystical power is not to be dismissed . Faith , as the Bible puts it , lies in "  the evidence of things not seen . " In that sense , an exhibit of the bones of St. Peter , surrounded by scientific controversy yet wrapped in a blanket of belief , is probably the perfect capstone for a "  Year of Faith . " Read more : Pope to put ` St. Peter 's bones ' on display Read more : Pope embraces severely disfigured man Read more : A popular Pope , but the same old church ? Read more : Would the Mafia target Pope Francis ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John L. Allen Jr. .	Roman Catholics will gather at the Vatican Sunday for service marking "  Year of Faith " Bones believed to be those of St. Peter will be displayed for first time Vatican analyst says while bones ' identity is unconfirmed , they are an object of devotion John Allen : Bones are a "  scientific controversy ... wrapped in a blanket of belief "
CNN  -- The Egyptian president and his Islamist friends had another think coming if they thought they could sneak a radical constitution past the people who fought for democracy in Tahrir Square . The draft constitution , and the political maneuvers that made it possible , have sparked the rage of liberal and secular Egyptians , who fear their dream of a truly free Egypt , with genuine equality for men and women , for people of all religions , is slipping away . Why is democracy proving so difficult , perhaps impossible , to put in place ? One reason stems from a fundamental misunderstanding of what democracy means . In places where dictatorship has prevailed , many hold the incorrect belief that democracy equals majority rule . They think democracy is a method for imposing the views of those who win elections upon those who lose . Clearly , elections and majorities are a key element of decision-making in a democracy . But just as important is establishing basic principles of fairness and justice , creating a consensus of what the nation considers fair , and then developing the institutions and rules that guarantee they will survive through the ups and downs of politics . News : Morsy aide blames upheaval on small , powerful minority The creation of that foundation is known as the "  constitutional moment , " a crucial time in a nation 's history when the people come together to decide what they believe , what truths they consider "  self-evident . " It 's a moment that , ideally , sets aside the political fashions of the day . To succeed and create a stable future , it demands a measure of consensus . The heart of the political battle in Egypt today lies in the proposed constitution , which President Mohamed Morsy insists he will bring up for a vote this week , a move the opposition calls an act of war . " Many countries are familiar with this process . Americans have studied the evolution of the national consensus that led to the U.S. Constitution , a document so brief and brilliant it is regarded with a depth of reverence usually reserved for mystical religious texts . The European Union has been wrestling with a constitutional document , unable to create one that builds true consensus . In Egypt , the Muslim Brotherhood and the more radical Islamists known as Salafis dominated the country 's first democratic elections and took their victories as a green light to ignore the views of the opposition . Islamist parties had a head start in electoral politics , far ahead of secular and liberal parties . Under dictatorship , Islamist parties , though brutally persecuted , could carry their message through public services . The message of the Quran , now appropriated by Islamist parties , gave them a running advantage out of the political gate . Liberal parties have a complicated case to make . It not easy to explain that you can be devoutly Muslim and support the secular rule of law , for example . It is also easier to explain the fairness of majority rule than the concept that in democracy it is crucial to protect minorities . Bergen : Zero Dark Thirty : Did torture really net bin Laden ? With easy electoral victories , Islamists proceeded to implement their agenda , much faster than many expected . A spokesman for the Muslim Brotherhood , a man named Mohamed Morsy , had declared in 2011 , "  We are not seeking power . " The make-up of the panel that would write the constitution sparked bitter conflict from the beginning . The assembly , which should have made the most of the country 's precious constitutional moment , was supposed to include representatives of all segments of society , constitutional scholars , intellectuals , members of professional guilds , union members , writers ; in short , views from all Egyptians . The first panel was such a transparent power-grab by Islamists that the courts threw it out . A second assembly chosen in June proved just as controversial . Once again , the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party used its muscle to pack it with supporters . Non-Islamists , one by one , walked out of the constitution-writing body in frustration at the strong-arm tactics . Fearing the courts would invalidate the process , President Morsy essentially made himself dictator on November 22 , the day after the rest of the world heaped praise on him for helping broker a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas , providing a measure of political cover . The opposition took to the streets , in what started to look like Revolution 2.0 . Then Morsy ordered the constitutional assembly to hurry up and finish its work . In a mad rush , with a final session of 19 hours , the assembly approved a draft . By then , all the non-Islamists walked out . The document , scheduled to go to voters for ratification on December 15 , is an affront against democratic principles . It lays the groundwork for an eminently un-free future . Opinion : Morsy miscalculating Egyptians ' rage Trying to quiet the opposition , Morsy rescinded the decree that gave him absolute power , but he plans to go forward with a constitutional referendum , pushing forward a document littered with tiny seeds that can germinate into religious oppression . It is not surprising that it received high praise from Yasser Borhami , one of the country 's top ultra-conservative clerics , who raved about its many "  restraints on rights " and concluded , "  This will not be a democracy that can allow what God forbids , or forbids what God allows . " The constitution says Sharia is the main source of legislation , and establishes that the  unelected  scholars of al-Azhar , the ancient center of Muslim learning , shall be consulted on Sharia matters . The draft speaks of equality for all , but orders that the state should "  balance between a woman 's obligations to family and public work . " It also says the state must "  protect ethics and morals and public order , " and guard the "  true nature of the family . " That alone is enough to justify every kind of interference in the personal lives of Egyptians , particularly women . The draft guarantees freedom of religion , but then says this is only for monotheist religions . It also bans "  insulting prophets and messengers , " opening the door to curtailments of speech , especially on religious grounds , and creating fears for Buddhists , Hindus , and followers of the persecuted Baha'i sect . This is just a sampler of what the constitutional draft brings . The opposition , at last looking coherent and unified , faces a steep road ahead . Sadly , so does Egypt . President Morsy and his Muslim Brotherhood were not able to sneak their constitution in the dead of night . Instead , the entire country has seen the murkiness of the process . Instead of giving Egypt strong democratic underpinnings , they have built a brittle foundation for a deeply divided country . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Democracy proving hard because Egyptians seems not to grasp how it works She says many , particularly those who gain power , believe it is about imposing will on losers She says Morsy , Brotherhood pushing Islamist style power , their constitution an affront Ghitis : Opposition has uphill battle to make case . Egypt risks losing "  consitutional moment "
CNN  -- Venezuela 's top prosecutor says divers have recovered the remains of five people from the wreckage of an airplane that Italian fashion mogul Vitorrio Missoni was flying in earlier this year . Investigators are still collecting DNA samples and other information necessary to identify the bodies , Attorney General Luisa Ortega told reporters . The plane disappeared on January 4 as it left the Caribbean archipelago of Los Roques for the international airport outside Caracas , about 90 miles away . Missoni , his wife , and four others -- including a pilot and copilot -- were on board . All are presumed dead . Weeks after the small aircraft disappeared , a family spokeswoman said a bag from the plane had been discovered on the Caribbean island of Curacao . Search teams spotted the wreckage in June , 13 nautical miles from Gran Roque island and nearly 250 feet underwater . Crews combed the wreckage site last week in three dives to recover remains and other material from the wreckage , Ortega said . The attorney general met with family members of the Venezuelan victims of the crash on Monday to report on the progress of the investigation . They extracted the remains of five bodies , she said , but could not obtain any samples from the sixth body because it was in a location that was difficult to reach . Crews also recovered flight information , which will be used to determine what caused the plane crash , Ortega said . Missoni , 58 , ran the famed Missoni fashion house with his siblings , Luca and Angela . Neither sibling was on the plane . The fashion house , which boasts such celebrity clients as Katie Holmes , Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie , is a high-end label known for its patterned knitwear and signature zigzag stripe . The private company , based in Milan , Italy , has estimated annual sales of between $ 75 million and $ 100 million . The brand , created in 1953 as a knitwear workshop in Gallarte , Italy , has expanded from apparel to housewares , a fragrance line and a chain of hotels . Missoni and his siblings took over the brand in 1996 with an eye toward marketing to a younger consumer . The fashion house partnered with Target in 2011 to produce a more budget-friendly collection for the discount retailer , which caused Target 's website to crash because of the high demand . CNN 's Joe Sterling , Alex Hunter and Jessica King contributed to this report .	Investigators are still collecting information necessary to identify the bodies Venezuela 's attorney general says remains of five people have been recovered Crews combed the wreckage site last week in three dives
CNN  -- European regulators need effective deterrents to stop Internet companies breaching data protection laws , according to the European Union justice department . The call comes as data watchdogs from the UK , France , Spain , Germany , Italy and the Netherlands team up to launch a joint action against U.S. search-engine giant Google over alleged breaches of EU privacy rules . The joint action by Europe 's heavyweights is a response to Google 's announcement in January on new privacy settings . The Mountain View-based group said it collects and compiles data about its users based on their activity on its various sites -- from its search page to Gmail to YouTube to phones running its Android operating system . Yesterday , it was announced that Google 's first privacy director , Alma Whitten , would be stepping down after three years in the job . Read more : Opinion : Is the social web an asteroid for the Google dinosaur ? The current EU rules only allow for fines of up to 1 million euros  $ 1.3 million  on corporates that breach data protection sanctions . But a new EU-wide directive that could come into force at the end of this year will give regulators the power to impose penalties of up to 2 % of a multinational 's global annual turnover . Mina Andreeva , a spokesperson for EU Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding , told CNN that Google has not followed up on the "  concrete recommendations " made in October last year . Read more : Google launches monthly user-activity feature Andreeva added that new rules are designed to give regulators "  teeth " and ensure that companies respect consumer privacy . "  We need effective and deterrent sanctions , " she said , "  If a big international company is fined 1 million euros , they just laugh about it and continue breaching data privacy . " In a statement , a Google spokesperson said : "  Our privacy policy respects European law and allows us to create simpler , more effective services , " adding that Google would continue to engage fully with the data protection authorities on the matter . Read more : Solving ` the Google problem ' key to Internet 's success Andreeva rejected the idea that the new rules will deter U.S. or non-EU companies from investing in the 27-nation single market but said that customers are not willing to trade privacy for money . "  They -LSB- Google -RSB- have a market opportunity with 500 million potential customers and this is an opportunity not to be missed but they must respect the data protection rules that we have , " she told CNN . In March , Google was hit by a fine from France 's privacy watchdog , CNIL , over data obtained mistakenly through the company 's Street View service . The 100,000 euro fine was the largest ever dished out by the French regulator .	Current EU data privacy rules only allow for fines of up to $ 1.3 million on corporates Joint action against U.S. search-engine Google over alleged breaches of EU privacy rules In March , Google was hit by 100,000 euro fine from France 's privacy watchdog , CNIL
The search continued Thursday for a gay porn actor suspected of dismembering his acquaintance , posting the video of the incident online and mailing the severed limbs to different locations in Ottawa , including to a political party 's headquarters , according to a source with direct knowledge of the investigation . Authorities are searching for Luka Rocco Magnotta , 29 , who they allege is responsible for a human torso discovered in Montreal , thought to be linked to a human hand and foot that were separately mailed from Montreal to Ottawa . Magnotta , also known as Eric Clinton Newman , is a Montreal resident who allegedly knew the victim , identified only as a white male , Montreal police spokesman Ian Lafreniere told reporters Wednesday . The suspect has no criminal background , and his image and information related to him were later recovered from a "  very graphic " website , Lafreniere said . The source later confirmed that at least one of the websites examined by authorities was a pornographic site . It 's possible the body parts all came from the same dismembered victim , Lafreniere said , but police are still awaiting the results of forensic testing for confirmation . "  The two parts of the body that were found in Ottawa ... we 've got all the reasons to believe that it 's linked to our homicide , " he added , referring to the human torso found in Montreal . Authorities said they are asking the public for help in locating Magnotta , after a "  coast-to-coast " warrant was issued for his arrest . Police say they plan to charge him with murder once he 's apprehended . Lafreniere said authorities have also found other body parts , potentially from the same attack , which is believed to have been committed in Montreal . It would be the 11th homicide there this year . "  It was n't a random attack , " Lafreniere said . "  They knew each other . " Lafreniere added that Magnotta had been "  involved in some stuff on the Web , that 's for sure , " though he would not elaborate . The human foot was sent to the Conservative Party of Canada headquarters in Ottawa , prompting a hazardous materials team to investigate . The officers who responded noticed what appeared to be bloodstains on the box , police said . Ottawa police Sgt. Steve Hodgson told reporters outside the office that the package had been addressed to the Conservative Party . Staffers had begun to open the package before calling police , he said . The hand was intercepted by workers at a Montreal postal terminal . Ottawa 's major-crimes unit is checking with other police departments for similar cases and looking back through missing-persons files for any clues , according to Constable Marc Soucy , an Ottawa police spokesman . "  We 're going to look at every avenue , " he said . In Montreal , the human torso was found behind an apartment building , authorities said .	A torso found in Montreal is thought to be linked to a hand and foot mailed to Ottawa Man is suspected of videotaping and posting online the man 's dismemberment A package bearing a severed foot arrived at a political party 's headquarters "  It was n't a random attack , " a police spokesman says . "  They knew each other . "
Beijing  CNN  -- China 's change of leadership that began last week comes as domestic pressure mounts for the world 's second largest economy to toughen its foreign policy to match its economic might . Yet Beijing is keen to prevent the world from concluding that China has discarded the notion of a peaceful rise . The result has been reactive assertiveness ; a foreign policy tactic perfected during China 's ongoing maritime disputes . This approach allows Beijing to use perceived provocations as a chance to change the status-quo in its favor -- all the while insisting the other party started the trouble . Those expecting China to turn the other cheek are mistaken . The prolonged stand-off with Japan over the sovereignty of a few islets offers a vivid example of this approach . In September , the Japanese government announced that it was finalizing the purchase from their private owner of the disputed islands -- called Senkaku by Japan and Diaoyu by China -- in the East China Sea . But Beijing interpreted the move as a betrayal of the two countries ' agreement to shelve their quarrel , and saw the timing as a deliberate attempt to disrupt the leadership transition and foment instability at a vulnerable moment . Read more : Behind the islands dispute China responded decisively , with what state media called "  combination punches . " These measures ranged from the verbal -- leader-to-be Xi Jinping labeling Japan 's purchase of the islands a "  farce " -- to economic retaliation and large-scale anti-Japan protests and naval exercises in the East China Sea . But the real game-changer in the stand-off came when Beijing declared its territorial baselines around the islands ; a move that legally places them under Chinese administration . Once the announcement was made , China began to regularly dispatch law enforcement vessels to patrol waters off the disputed islands , directly challenging Japan 's de facto control of the area for the past 40 years . Such is the new normal , claim Chinese officials . In recent weeks , Chinese media have been trumpeting the efforts of Chinese ships to expel Japanese Coast Guard boats . Reminding the world that the troubles were all started by Tokyo , China claims that the burden is entirely on Japan to find a way out of the mess . Read more : Asia 's disputed islands -- who claims what ? Similar heavy-handed action was used against the Philippines in a spat over the Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea in April . When Manila maladroitly responded to a fishing run-in by sending a warship , China took the opportunity to strengthen its claim over the disputed shoal by deploying law enforcement vessels to the area , extending its annual unilateral fishing ban to cover the waters around the shoal ; quarantining tropical fruit imports from the Philippines and suspending tourism ; and roping off the mouth of the lagoon to prevent other fishermen from entering . By maintaining regular law enforcement patrols and preventing Filipino fishermen from entering those waters , China has managed to establish a new status-quo in its favor . A similar blueprint was then used in June in response to a maritime law passed by Vietnam with new navigation regulations covering the disputed Spratly and Paracel Islands . Before the ink on the law had dried , China upgraded the administrative status of Sansha city encompassing a group of disputed islands in the South China Sea and established a military garrison . Furthermore , the China National Offshore Oil Corporation  CNOOC  offered oil exploration leases in nine blocks located within Vietnam 's Exclusive Economic Zone , which overlap with blocks offered by PetroVietnam . A key component of Beijing 's counter-punches are the use of economic punishments , including suspending imports , halting tourism , encouraging boycotts , offering up oil blocks in disputed areas , or impeding fishing access . In contrast to a time when foreign policy was designed to serve economic growth , China is now increasingly using its economic might to advance political ends -- even when this hurts China itself . According to one Chinese analyst , "  These measures will hurt China . But they hurt Japan more " . Read more : Shrink wealth gap , boost consumption For its part , Japan says that it purchased the islands to prevent the hardline Tokyo mayor from acquiring them and carrying out a plan to build there . It also wanted to avoid "  punching the new Chinese leadership in the face " just after the transition . Now , analysts in Beijing claim that a Pandora 's Box has been opened and there is no going back to the tacit agreement that has kept peace in the East China Sea for decades . Read more : Why China 's reforms have hit a brick wall Right now , Beijing is primarily preoccupied with maintaining the momentum of economic development and preventing domestic troubles from erupting into potentially destabilizing unrest . The new leaders will not want to look weak , thus blunting the edge of their "  reactively assertive " foreign policy . If there is any perceived slight , no matter how minor , expect China to pounce . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt .	China appears to toughen its foreign policy to match its economic might Beijing uses perceived provocations to assert itself Examples of conflicts with Japan , Philippines , Vietnam
CNN  -- Japanese protesters took to the streets Saturday to demand safer energy as the nation marked the three-month anniversary of an earthquake and tsunami that sparked the worst nuclear crisis in 25 years . The massive quake on March 11 triggered a nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi plant , forcing the evacuation of thousands . Months later , crews are still working to control radioactive emissions . "  We need electricity , but we can not put lives at risk , " said Kentaro Morisawa , a railway worker who took part in the Tokyo protest . "  We have the responsibility to protect our children 's lives as much as our lives . Safer energy , such as fuel and water , is what we need today . Crowds sang , chanted and beat drums in protests held nationwide . "  Because we are letting radioactive material leak into the environment , we are getting a bad reputation from overseas , " protester Mamoru Matsuda said . "  So we need to end this Fukushima crisis as soon as possible . " Some of the protesters gathered near the headquarters the Tokyo Electric Power Co. , which operates the nuclear plant . The protests comes three months into the crisis , which is the worst nuclear accident since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster . One of three operating reactors at the plant melted down after the March earthquake and tsunami , and others suffered extensive damage to their radioactive cores . The resulting contamination has forced authorities to evacuate more than 100,000 people from towns surrounding the plant . In addition , restrictions on various agricultural and fisheries products have devastated Japanese farmers and fishermen since the disaster started , though some of those bans have been lifted in recent weeks . The protests are the latest show of discontent for embattled Prime Minister Naoto Kan , who survived a no-confidence vote in this month .	They take to the streets as the nation marks the three-month anniversary of a massive quake The March 11 earthquake triggered a nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi plant "  We need electricity , but we can not put lives at risk , " Kentaro Morisawa says
TULSA , Oklahoma  CNN  -- Weeks of protests , rallies , lawsuits and candlelight vigils failed to stop a new state immigration bill -- HB 1804 -- from becoming the law in Oklahoma . Vigils like this one in Tulsa , Oklahoma , last week were unable to stop a tough new immigration law . The law went into effect Thursday and is intended to make life difficult for illegal immigrants in Oklahoma . Its authors say they 're sending a very clear message : If you 're an illegal immigrant , you are not welcome . "  I 'm convinced illegal aliens will not come to Oklahoma , or any other state , if there are no jobs waiting for them . " said state Rep. Randy Terrill , a Republican and the law 's author . "  They will not stay here if there are not taxpayer subsidies and they certainly wo n't stay here if they ever encounter one of our fine state and local law enforcement officials , " he added . "  They 'll be physically detained -- until they 're deported . " The new law restricts the ability of illegal immigrants to obtain government IDs or public assistance . It also gives police authority to check the immigration status of anyone arrested , which can lead to deportations . It does n't stop at illegal immigrants . The law also makes it a felony for U.S. citizens to knowingly provide shelter , transportation or employment to illegal immigrants . The message has been received loud and clear . Many in Oklahoma 's Latino community say people are staying home , fearful police will arrest and deport them . "  They 're afraid they 're going to get deported . They 're just afraid , " said Alex Yoguez , a juice store owner who relies on Latino customers for her business to survive . Yoguez said her business is normally filled with customers . "  We are down 50 percent just today , " she said Thursday , the day the law went on the books . Latino supporters are up in arms about the way the state now views illegal immigrants who have been here for many years . "  You are guilty of ethnic cleansing in this community ! You are going against my community ! " said the Rev. Miguel Rivera of the National Coalition of Latino Clergy . The clergy group filed a federal lawsuit against the state saying the state has overstepped its bounds by enforcing immigration law , which is under federal jurisdiction . A hearing in the case is scheduled next week . An earlier attempt to get an injunction to prevent enforcement of the law was turned down by a judge . It 's not yet clear how the law will be enforced . Illegal immigrants in Oklahoma fear police will use the law for roundups of anyone working and living in the state illegally . "  I do n't know if we 're going to be actively looking for them , " said Tulsa Police Capt. Steve Odom , who works in the Latino district of Tulsa . "  If we come across them in the course of a call , or a course of an investigation , certainly we 'll take the appropriate action . " The Tulsa Police Department said it has not received guidance from the district attorney 's office on how to enforce the law . The department points out that suspicion of illegal activity is not enough , and proving the intent of U.S. citizens is a challenge . Still , many in Oklahoma say Latinos have been leaving by the thousands since the law was passed in May . "  We are losing a lot of business , a lot of business , " said Antonio Perez , who owns Mexican grocery stores . "  I would say between the four stores we have lost about $ 300,000 a month in sales . " So far , the absence of the Latinos on the streets may be the only visible result of the law . E-mail to a friend	Law goes into effect November 1 It stops illegal immigrants from obtaining government IDs It also makes it illegal for U.S. citizens to house , employ illegals Lawsuit challenging the new law is working though the federal courts
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  Lee Min-bok did n't laugh once when he watched "  The Interview . " The North Korean defector calls the Hollywood comedy "  vulgar , " admitting he could n't even watch the whole film . Yet he is still sending thousands of copies across the border from South to North Korea in balloons , determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen . "  The regime hates this film because it shows Kim Jong Un as a man , not a God , " says Lee . "  He cries and is afraid like us and then he 's assassinated . " Kim is portrayed in the movie as a Katy Perry-loving , sensitive soul with daddy issues , clashing with the all-powerful image beamed out by Pyongyang 's tightly controlled state media and propaganda machine . At 1 a.m. , Lee makes a final check of the wind speed and direction , then heads towards the border with North Korea . He has company . The South Korean police and military drive closely behind . After Pyongyang fired on similar propaganda balloons recently , they are monitoring launches very closely . This irritates Lee . "  We can help towards reunification with these balloons , " says Lee . "  It costs millions of dollars to buy a F-22 fighter jet which the South Korean government insist they need and that 's not for peaceful purposes . So why do civilians like me have to do this under cover of darkness ? " At 3 a.m. , Lee fills the balloons with helium and ties the bundles of DVDs , dollar bills and political leaflets to the bottom . A timer is attached which will release the bundle once safely in North Korean territory . He has no way of knowing what will happen to the goods after that . He does n't know if ordinary North Koreans will watch the movie and read the leaflets . The fact that Pyongyang acts with fury against these so-called propaganda balloons suggests some information is seeping through to the hermit kingdom . "  If you tell the truth in North Korea , you die . But by using these balloons from here , I can tell the truth in safety , " Lee adds . The decision to launch the balloons in the dead of night is not just to avoid confrontation with North Korea , but also with South Korea 's local residents . After Pyongyang fired on balloons last October and South Korea returned fire , those living close to the border have been trying to physically stop the launches , arguing they are being put in the line of fire . The chances of at least some North Koreans having watched the film that North Korea sees as "  an act of terrorism " is certainly possible .	Defector deploys balloons with "  The Interview " to North Korea Lee Min-bok says he finds the movie vulgar , but sends it anyway
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- CNN takes an in-depth look at South Korea , including how the nation is working to become a brand leader on an international scale and on how the nation is recovering from the global economic recession . Included in the coverage are looks at architecture , cars , cuisine and the business climate in the East Asian nation . In addition to its "  Eye on South Korea " coverage , CNN International 's interview program "  Talk Asia " will feature Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-sung starting Wednesday and K-pop icon and actor Rain . Among the highlights of the coverage has been South Korea 's first lady offering her tips on her nation 's cuisine to CNN anchor and correspondent Kristie Lu Stout . CNN 's Kyung Lah also takes a look at hour South Korea is revamping its economy to environmental-themed businesses .	CNN 's "  Eye on South Korea " programming focuses on East Asian nation Issues covered range from business to lifestyle topics South Korean first lady provides personal look at nation 's cuisine
CNN  -- Each year , about 30,000 people are killed and 300,000 violent crimes are committed with firearms . In economic terms , firearm violence -- for things such as medical care , police , criminal justice , lost productivity , pain and suffering -- costs $ 100 billion a year , according to studies by Johns Hopkins University and the Public Services Research Institute . This reality tears at the social fabric of the United States , and Americans pay the social and psychological consequences . But the gun debate will continue to be a one-sided fight until the American public chooses to take action . Most of the debate revolves around what government should do . But we can also look at the issue as a marketing problem . American consumers are the central part of a vast aggregate marketing system , and the central issue as it pertains to guns is power . The gun lobby has wielded its power effectively , but the potentially powerful American consumer market has not . The gun lobby influences how guns are marketed and under which laws . The only difference between the gun lobby and concerned Americans is that the gun lobby -- and thus the politicians supporting the gun lobby -- pays attention to details . Opinion : In the gun control debate , logic goes out the window It has made its primary goal to vehemently block any change to gun laws for fear that passage of even one law could lead to the eradication of firearms for all . But that is not the issue here . Many concerned citizens are not advocating the abolition of firearms for responsible gun owners . The problem is that there are too few and very limited laws to force manufacturers to safeguard their distribution channels , and manufacturers are not putting these safeguards into place . Our research found that about 45 % to 60 % of the guns traced to crime came from about 1 % of the nation 's gun dealers and that implementation of safeguards is associated with a smaller number of guns being diverted to crime or used in crime . Interestingly , many of the common sense distribution laws that would force a safer distribution of firearms are in place for other industries that sell products that can cause harm . Opinion : A father 's murder , a plea on gun control Firearms product diversion involves the seepage of guns from legal channels of distribution into illegal hands . To prevent this from occurring , firearms manufacturers have the opportunity to implement distribution safeguards , common across many of the industries that manufacture products that can cause harm  such as explosives , fireworks , and pharmaceuticals  . Such safeguards include manufacturers training their dealers and distributors to identify and handle illegal purchasers at the point of sale , developing a code of conduct for distributors , and requiring them to implement record keeping measures in order to keep guns out of the wrong hands . Gabby and Mark : The new ` Bradys ' of gun control The notion of safeguarding is important because a recent study found that 1 in 9  11 %  of handguns distributed into legal channels in 1996 were found to have been used in crime by 2000 . It was also found that one manufacturer had 55 % of its guns end up in crime during this time period  the range was 2 % to 55 % for all manufacturers studied  . This study also found that the number of safeguards used across the studied firms  which accounted for over 90 % of the U.S. gun sales  was very low , averaging less than one safeguard  .77  per firm . Only a slight majority employed any recommended safeguards during that time . One reason the public has not been paying attention is that they think the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives can address enforcement for us . But at this point , the bureau needs our help -- it does not have the resources to combat this problem , because gun lobbies and the politicians who support them have tied its hands . So , Americans must act . The National Rifle Association grades political candidates on their voting history , giving high marks to those who vote for its policies . These ratings influence how guns are distributed in the United States . In response , concerned citizens should do the same thing . We should grade firearms manufacturers on how well they address distribution and the diversion of their guns to criminals . Americans should look at these grades and buy firearms accordingly . The group Mayors Against Illegal Guns suggests that if manufacturers do n't comply with set goals of safety , the nation 's mayors and municipalities will not do business with them . Concerned Americans should follow suit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Bradford .	Kevin Bradford : Each year 30,000 killed and 300,000 violent crimes committed with guns It 's also a marketing problem , he says . Manufacturers are not monitoring distribution of guns Bradford : Laws are minimal , manufacturers are not putting safeguards into place He says use gun lobby tactic : Grade manufacturers on ability to keep guns from criminals
CNN  -- The U.S. Agriculture Department cited drought and heat on Wednesday in designating 597 counties in 14 states as primary natural disaster areas . "  As drought persists , USDA will continue to partner with producers to see them through longer-term recovery , while taking the swift actions needed to help farmers and ranchers prepare their land and operations for the upcoming planting season , " Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a statement . The designations make qualified farmers in the areas eligible for low-interest loans , the agency said . Affected counties have suffered severe drought for eight consecutive weeks , which qualified them for the automatic designation . Richard Oswald , a 62-year-old farmer in Missouri 's Atchison County , said he has been hit hard by the drought but was not sure whether he would take advantage of the drought designation for his county by getting a low-interest loan . "  The hay situation is not good ; the pastures burned up early because of the heat and lack of rain , " said Oswald , who was born on a farm and has been farming since he was a teenager . "  This is the worst drought that I have ever seen . An emergency loan is great , but it 's still borrowed money , and as a farmer , that 's not good because you have to pay it back . " Chad Breiner of Wabaunsee County , Kansas , said the drought has affected his bull-selling business because he uses grass for feed and has to buy hay . "  The fact that it has n't rained significantly since June is going to make 2013 look rather bleak because the ponds are low , the creeks are low , and without adequate moisture in the next few months when grazing comes up , our production is going to be significantly less than normal , " he said . Last year , the USDA designated 2,245 counties in 39 states , or 71 percent of the United States , as disaster areas due to drought . Australians battle wildfires Wednesday 's announcement comes a day after the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said that 2012 had been the hottest year on record for the continental United States and the second-worst for "  extreme " weather such as hurricanes , droughts or floods . The year 's average temperature of 55.3 degrees Fahrenheit across the "  Lower 48 " was more than 3.2 degrees warmer than the average for the 20th century , NOAA reported . That topped the previous record , set in 1998 , by a full degree . Drought shriveled crops across the farm belt , leading to an expected rise in food prices in 2013 , according to USDA . It also turned forests of the mountain West into tinder stands that exploded into wildfires over the summer , scorching millions of acres and destroying hundreds of homes . Seven of the 10 hottest years on U.S. record , which date to 1895 , and four of the hottest five have occurred since 1990 , according to NOAA . Rough winter weather hits Middle East The year also saw Arctic sea ice hit a record low in more than 30 years of satellite observations and studies that found the world 's major ice sheets have been shrinking at an increasing rate . Scientists are quick to point out that no single storm can be blamed on climate change , but say a warming world raises the odds of extreme weather . "  I think , unfortunately , 2012 really may well be the new normal , " said Daniel Lashof , director of the climate and clean air program at the Natural Resources Defense Council , a U.S. environmental group . "  It 's the kind of year we expect , given the global warming trend is ongoing . " The science of global warming is politically controversial but generally accepted as fact by most researchers , who point to heat-trapping carbon emissions from the burning of fossil fuels as the major cause . CNN 's Matt Smith and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is the worst drought I 've ever seen , " says 62-year-old Missouri farmer The designations make farmers eligible for low-interest loans Help kicks in automatically after eight consecutive weeks of severe drought 597 counties in 14 states are designated primary natural disaster areas
CNN  -- The University of Kentucky has settled its case with the state over the release of safety data for its embattled pediatric heart surgery program , which was closed last year following patient deaths . The dispute stems from a request last year by a local radio reporter for information about the program . The university declined to give that information , citing patient privacy laws , but then released it August 9 when a CNN investigation caused an uproar among parents of children with congenital heart disease . "  We are pleased that the litigation has been resolved , " said university spokesman Jay Blanton . "  The university was not put in the position of having to disclose patient and family information that would violate either peer review or privacy laws -- both of which are protected by federal laws . " The Kentucky attorney general got involved in December when the university declined to provide the safety data requested by Brenna Angel , then a radio reporter for WUKY . The attorney general asked the university to make the information public , but the university declined , and sued Angel in order to keep it private . After the CNN report , the university revealed that the pediatric heart program had a higher mortality rate than the national average . The university still has n't released all the information Angel had asked for under the state 's open records law , but she issued a statement last week saying she had agreed to a dismissal of the case . "  UK 's release of its mortality rates in the pediatric cardiothoracic surgery program has achieved in large part my purpose for filing the open records request , " wrote Angel , who now works in the Lexington mayor 's office . "  Families who are entrusting their children to UK Healthcare now have access to this type of information . " Among the pieces of information Angel asked for that still have not been released are documents relating to the evaluation and accreditation of the pediatric heart program and the date of the last surgery completed by the university 's chief heart surgeon , who has since resigned . "  The University is not required to disclose any documents , remaining mortality statistics  which are protected by federal law  , or any dates , " William Thro , University of Kentucky general counsel , wrote to the board of trustees on August 16 , adding , "  We could see further litigation involving other media outlets . " The university is planning to reopen its pediatric heart surgery program after conducting a review , which it anticipates will be completed in the next few weeks , according to Blanton , the UK spokesman . "  When the review is completed , we will release as much of the final report as federal and state law allow , " he said , adding that the report will be "  focused most intently on how best to move forward than as a retrospective examination . " Tabitha Rainey , whose infant son , Waylon , went into heart failure after having surgery at UK , said she 's concerned the university will keep crucial parts of the review a secret . "  They 've used federal and state laws before when they did n't want to give statistics , so what 's to say they wo n't do that again ? " she said .	University of Kentucky settles case over release of safety data Kentucky 's attorney general asked hospital to release program 's mortality rate Hospital declined , saying that doing so would violate privacy laws Mortality data has since been released , but not documents relating to evaluation of program
For one , it was a health scare . For another , the words of a friend hit him in an instant . And for another , it was the loss of a dear relative . Many ex-smokers can remember their last cigarette , and the moment when they decided to quit the habit for good . On the occasion of Thursday 's Great American Smokeout , an annual event sponsored by the American Cancer Society , here 's a look at nine former smokers and the moment they decided it was time to say goodbye . ` Smoked out of good health ' Kara Wethington 's 66-year-old grandmother had just died . Wethington took one final drag on a cigarette . It was 2000 , and she decided this would be her last smoke . "  I was shocked because this woman was an ox who smoked four packs of Pall Mall cigarettes a day and worked full time as a nurse , " said the Los Angeles resident , who was 23 at the time . "  I always felt safe that this blood line relative could smoke like a chimney and still be OK all these years later . She looked 100 but acted 60 . " But , "  the reality of it is that she fell ill with pneumonia and her lungs could n't support her any longer . " As she finished her last cigarette , Wethington reflected on how she got there . "  I loved smoking . The social aspect of it , the taste of it , the way it made me feel -- everything about it was romantic to me . " But the death of her grandmother was the "  straw that broke the camel 's back " soon after Wethington herself was diagnosed with an aggressive form of strep throat , and she has n't looked back for 13 years . "  I 've had smoking dreams that felt so intimately real that the line of reality and fantasy blurred out my memory . I know I did n't smoke but sometimes those dreams feel really good and sometimes with real regret . " When ` trying to fit in ' led to a health scare Lisa Gonsalves ' last cigarette is a blur compared to the "  health perfect storm " she was hit with in 2005 . At first , it seemed like a winter flu , but as the new year came , she found she could n't breathe unless she sat in a chair . She was almost too late to be treated . "  I ended up in the hospital for 12 days with two chest tubes and the potential of having my chest cracked open just to get the ` gunk ' out of my chest . I was lucky to get back to health and avoid surgery . My recovery was long and tedious . " Her husband had never seen her so sick . "  The look of panic and helplessness convinced me that I had to stop . " Like many former smokers , it was the last of many potential turning points for the Los Angeles health care consultant , who started smoking as a teenager to fit in . The first was having a baby , the second and third moments were her mother 's stroke  at age 50  and grandmother 's heart attack . "  It took me a while to realize I was a stress and social smoker , " she said . "  Pressure from work and going out to happy hours fueled my habit , but smoking made me feel better for just a moment . What is worse is that I knew better . I worked in health care and saw the effects of long-term smoking . " "  I ca n't say that I do n't crave it - especially when I am stressed out . I do have to constantly remind myself of the pain and the feeling of drowning because I could n't breathe to keep me from running out and getting a pack . It is a very mental game I play every day but I get stronger and stronger every day without a cigarette . " Words that changed his life When Bob Miller smoked his last cigarette , he knew right away that this was it . The words from one of his friends "  hit me like a ton of bricks . " After a gradual process of trying to quit in 2006 , she said , "  You know , Bob , there never is a good day to quit smoking , is there ? " The Easley , South Carolina , assembly instructor admits , "  There are still times when I think that I would like a smoke but there is no way that I will do it . ... I do feel better and definitely smell better . " Quitting ` at any age ' Ash Li  the iReporter did not want her last name revealed  of Springfield , Tennessee , smoked her final cigarette as soon as she learned that airlines were banning it . A frequent flier , she could n't bear to remain addicted while flying , and knew she was unable to do anything about it . So on July 9 , 1992 , after seven years of smoking two packs a day , she quit for good . "  I have not had a cigarette since that day , but when someone lights up near me I take a deep breath , " she said . "  That first puff of smoke off a cigarette still gets me , but then everything afterwards repels me . I am the worst ex-smoker , I ca n't stand to be around anyone who smokes or has smoked nor get into an enclosed space with a smoker . " She was very concerned when her daughter took up smoking , afraid she would fall into the same habits . But as we reported this story , she had good news to share . "  I am elated to report that my daughter has quit smoking and using the new electronic vapor cigarettes that are out there . She is not coughing as much as she used to and her voice is clearer . I really hope that these vapor cigarette products do not create any health hazards that have not been discovered yet . In the meantime I encourage her to stick with the vapor and stay away from the cancer sticks . " A Valentine 's present to himself Pizza restaurant owner Paul Tamasi makes themed pies to show how he feels about a certain topic . He recently made one with a "  no smoking " symbol to remind himself of February 14 , 1985 . On that Valentine 's Day , Tamasi tossed his final cigarette into a barrel . He was quitting a habit of smoking two packs a day for 20 years , going back to age 13 . "  I was positive and determined that this would be my last cigarette , " he said . "  I would buy two packs a day and sometimes run out . Then I would bum some from my co-worker . One day , I asked to bum a cigarette from her and she said to me , ` Why do n't you just buy more cigarettes ? ' That 's when I really realized that I had a serious problem . I said to myself , that 's it , I have to do something about this . " So why Valentine 's Day ? "  I picked this day because I knew if I succeeded I would always be able to remember the day I stopped smoking , " the Belvidere , Vermont , resident explained . He felt a weight lifted off his shoulders and still feels that way 28 years later . "  When I was smoking and played sports my chest felt like it was going to cave in and it was hard to breathe . Now I do n't get that bad feeling because I do n't smoke anymore . Needless to say , I have a lot more money in my pocket than I would if I had to pay the high price of what cigarettes cost . " Cinnamon and cigarettes Her final cigarette was one she saw coming , and Linda Parker was ready to take the dive . After a three week course sponsored by the American Lung Association , she had to give up her cigarettes and her lighter . She took that final smoke , then moved on to cinnamon hearts , jawbreakers and the like to fulfill the need for the hot cigarette sensation . She was determined to do it , though , after her mother received her sixth pacemaker and her father was diagnosed with prostate cancer . Her son had been diagnosed with Legg-Calv-Perthes Disease , which affects the hips . Doctors told her it may have come from her smoking . "  My first two weeks  not smoking  were easy but then on the third week , I felt like I was going to die . I had n't slept much , was n't dreaming , was super irritable and ate like a pig . " That was 20 years ago . Yet she continued to struggle for many of those years . "  It took me years to stop dreaming about having a cigarette and sometimes I would wake up and not be sure if I had smoked , " she said . "  Luckily , I have never had another cigarette , not even a puff . " The retired Flossmoor , Illinois , resident told herself she could return to smoking at age 65 . Yet Parker just turned 65 this month . "  It was too difficult to quit and the damage smoking does is n't worth the pleasure it provides . "	On the annual ` Great American Smokeout , ' ex-smokers share the story of their last cigarette Health scares , pregnancies and words of advice were among the reasons for the final smoke Paul Tamasi chose Valentine 's Day to quit because he knew he would always remember it
Hillary Clinton is heading to Iowa as the politician that most Democrats would choose as their 2016 presidential nominee . According to a new CNN/ORC International poll , 53 % of all registered Democrats contacted in Iowa said they would support Hillary Clinton if the 2016 caucuses were held today . That number far outpaces the 15 % that would opt for Vice President Joe Biden , 7 % who would choose Sen. Elizabeth Warren and 5 % who would pick Sen. Bernie Sanders . Clinton will be visiting Iowa for the first time in six years on Sunday when she headlines the last Harkin Steak Fry . Biden , likewise , will be in the state Wednesday to speak at a liberal Catholic event in Des Moines . Although Clinton tops Biden with men and women , there is a noticeable gender split between the two politicians . Sixty-three percent of women favor Clinton , compared with Biden 's 10 % . With men , however , Biden is drawing 21 % support -- a number more than twice his support among women . Hillary Clinton to decide on 2016 around end of year On the Republican side , Mike Huckabee nearly laps the field with 21 % of all registered Republicans contacted in the poll saying they would support the former Arkansas governor if the 2016 Iowa caucuses were held today . Paul Ryan is second with 12 % , and there is a cadre of politicians -- including Sen. Rand Paul , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- with support in the single digits . Huckabee and Ryan are getting similar support with men -- 15 % and 16 % , respectively -- but it is with women that the former Arkansas governor jumps ahead of the congressman . Twenty-seven percent of registered Republican women polled said they would pick Huckabee , compared with 8 % who choose Ryan . As the first-in-the-nation caucus state , Iowa is critically important to presidential hopefuls and can make or break a campaign . With almost two years until the 2016 presidential election and a little over a year before the Iowa caucuses , most Republicans and Democrats polled have openly admitted that they are toying with the idea of running for president . The CNN/ORC poll was conducted September 8-10 , with 1,013 Iowa adults -- 608 likely voters -- questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 4 percentage points . Would Hillary Clinton top Chris Christie in New Jersey ?	Hillary Clinton is tops in Iowa with 53 % support from registered Democrats Vice President Joe Biden finished second with 15 % The GOP field is more crowded , with almost 10 politicians in the single digits Former Gov. Mike Huckabee leads the Republican field with 21 %
CNN Student News  -- September 15 , 2009 Quick Guide Ancient Discovery - Uncover the details of a religiously significant discovery in Israel . Detour to College - Find out how financial concerns impacted one freshman 's college choice . Public Outbursts - Offer your opinions on some recent outbursts by people in the public eye . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Today 's show is dedicated to Ms. Willard 's world geography classes at Lumberport Middle School in Lumberport , West Virginia ! Welcome everyone ! First Up : Financial Markets AZUZ : An overhaul of the rules for the country 's banks . President Obama says that 's what 's needed to avoid another economic crisis . He made the statement during a speech on Wall Street yesterday . But some lawmakers and economic experts disagree with some of the president 's proposals , like a federal agency that Mr. Obama says would be responsible for protecting consumers . Ben Bernanke , who heads up the country 's central bank , says that 's what his organization does , so a new agency is n't necessary . The timing of the speech came on the one-year anniversary of the biggest bankruptcy filing in U.S. history ! President Obama says America 's financial industry needs to learn from past mistakes to avoid future crises . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : One year ago , we saw in stark relief how markets can spin out of control , how a lack of common-sense rules can lead to excess and abuse , how close we can come to the brink . One year later , it is incumbent upon us to put in place those reforms that will prevent this kind of crisis from ever happening again , reflecting painful but important lessons that we 've learned and that will help us move from a period of reckless irresponsibility , a period of crisis , to one of responsibility and prosperity . H1N1 Vaccine AZUZ : From regulation to inoculation , health officials say a vaccine for the H1N1 virus , also known as swine flu , could be ready in a few weeks . That 's earlier than expected . More good news : Researchers say one shot should be enough ; originally , they thought it would take two . Experts say certain groups , including students , should get the vaccine . It takes a little more than a week for it to take effect . Shoutout GEORGE RAMSAY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Which of these bodies of water is located in northern Israel ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it the : A  Sea of Galilee , B  Dead Sea , C  Red Sea or the D  Caspian Sea ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! You 'll find the Sea of Galilee in the northeast part of the Middle Eastern nation . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Ancient Discovery AZUZ : And that 's where archaeologists have made a religously significant discovery . Today , the Galilee region is known as a tourist spot with a lot of resorts . But a couple thousand years ago , it played a big role in two world religions . And now , scientists have uncovered a piece of that history . Here 's Paula Hancocks ... BEGIN VIDEO CLIP PAULA HANCOCKS , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : On the shores of the Sea of Galilee , a discovery that should excite both Jews and Christians . Israeli archeologists say they 've found one of the world 's oldest synagogues , from the time of Jesus and in the neighborhood of Jesus . DINA AVSHALOM-GORNI , EXCAVATION DIRECTOR : It is possible to think that Jesus was sitting here with his community in this synagogue , praying together with Mary Magdalene . HANCOCKS : The Bible documents Jesus ' time at the Sea of Galilee , and Mary Magdelene is believed to have lived close by this site . The ruins date back some 2,000 years , and may not have been unearthed at all if it were n't for construction starting on the foundations of a hotel planned for this spot . For these archaeologists , the date is crucial , as they believe this synagogue was operational at the time of the Second Temple , the main synagogue in Jerusalem , and has a preserved , seven-branched menorah . AVSHALOM-GORNI : We can see very nicely the curve of the menorah , which would presume exactly in the right temple , at the temple at this time . HANCOCKS : Excavation is continuing , and already plans are underway to open the synagogue to the public . YOSSI STEPANSKI , ARCHAEOLOGIST : This is certainly the most elaborate one , with a mosaic floor with frescoes . We have walls here that are painted with frescoes . This is really the first time that an elaborate , beautifully decorated synagogue from that time has been discovered . HANCOCKS : Building plans for the hotel have obviously had to change , but this discovery could well attract far more visitors than a hotel ever could . Paula Hancocks , CNN , Jerusalem . END VIDEO CLIP Word to the Wise RAMSAY : A Word to the Wise ... matriculation  noun  enrollment , especially in a college or university source : www.m-w.com Detour to College AZUZ : This year , matriculation has come at a higher price , literally . The average cost of tuition at a four-year public college is up more than six percent . Public versus private , in-state versus out-of-state : Different schools come with different price tags . And for many families , college choices can mean tough choices . Fredericka Whitfield has one student 's story . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP FREDRICKA WHITFIELD , CNN ANCHOR , CNN NEWSROOM : Move-in day for college freshman Pressley Chakales to a place she never expected would bring so much happiness and harmony . PRESSLEY CHAKALES , UGA FRESHMAN : I 've been working all day getting my room together . But I like it , I 'm excited WHITFIELD : Also excited : her parents Peter and Ann . PETER CHAKALES , FATHER : This is like a ride to a suburb when you live in Atlanta , so she 's close . WHITFIELD : But the hour-long ride to the University of Georgia in Athens did n't come without detours . Like thousands of American households on tighter budgets , savings and 401Ks taking double digit losses , family plans are forced to be flexible . PRESSLEY CHAKALES : I was really , really completely set on going out of state . WHITFIELD : Oh , we remember . We first met the Chakales last spring . College acceptance letters were coming in , along with the prospect of a full scholarship available to Georgia students with a 3.0 GPA or higher planning to attend an in-state school . But at the time , Pressley and her parents were not seeing eye to eye . WHITFIELD : So , your heart tells you one thing , but the purse strings tell you another . PRESSLEY CHAKALES : Yeah , definitely . WHITFIELD : So , what are these conversations like with mom and dad when you all try to come to grips about a happy medium ? PRESSLEY CHAKALES : They can get heated . WHITFIELD : That was last March . Now ? PRESSLEY CHAKALES : I ended up getting into UGA off the wait-list , and my decision immediately changed to back in-state , because I was going to UNC Wilmington , but I switched back to UGA to save an indescribable amount of money . WHITFIELD : A huge relief for her parents . Even though they spent years saving for her higher education , the thought of unloading at least $ 25,000 a year for four years of out-of-state undergrad was stressful beyond words . PETER CHAKALES : Well , it would have been very tough . It was frightening . The financial part was absolutely frightening . WHITFIELD : Staying in-state , able to benefit from that Georgia full academic scholarship cut their expenses by more than half . Out of pocket now : $ 10,000 a year for Pressley 's housing , books and other fees . The benefits of their family decision : endless . ANN CHAKALES , MOTHER : I think she 'll be able to study abroad for a semester if she wants to , and that probably would not have happened if she had gone out of state . WHITFIELD : The Chakales are confident Pressley will maintain a 3.0 or better to keep the state scholarship until graduation . But the family savings plan continues . In three years , it 'll be Pressley 's younger brother 's turn . ANN CHAKALES : We will probably start prepping our son a little bit earlier . WHITFIELD : In hopes that he , too , qualifies for the same kind of in-state help . Fredricka Whitfield , CNN , Atlanta . END VIDEO CLIP Public Outbursts KANYE WEST : I 'm really happy for your , I 'm gon na let you finish , but Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time ! AZUZ : The most talked-about moment from the MTV Video Music Awards was not part of the script : Kanye West interrupting Taylor Swift 's acceptance speech to announce who he thought should have won . The backlash against West has been fast , and heated . This is n't the only recent outburst from people in the public eye . You might have heard about tennis star Serena Williams being docked a point for her outburst during the U.S. Open , and U.S. Representative Joe Wilson yelling out during President Obama 's recent address to Congress on health care reform . Promo AZUZ : All three have apologized ; Kanye did it on his blog . But what we 're asking on ours is , are these outbursts appropriate ? Are they disrespectful ? When and how is it okay to express your disagreement with something ? Tell us your opinion at CNNStudentNews.com . Before We Go AZUZ : Finally , mark your calendars : CNN Student News is celebrating its 20th anniversary on September 25th . As a sneak preview for you , here 's a look back at the past two decades . VIDEO MONTAGE Goodbye AZUZ : Looks great ! We 'll have more throughout the month . We 'll be back tomorrow with more CNN Student News . See ya then .	Uncover the details of a religiously significant discovery in Israel Find out how financial concerns impacted one freshman 's college choice Offer your opinions on some recent outbursts by people in the public eye
Cairo  CNN  -- Hours after being declared his nation 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsi vowed late Sunday to represent all Egyptians , and he urged his countrymen to put aside their differences and come together for the common good . "  This national unity is the only way to get Egypt out of this difficult crisis , " Morsi said in a nationally televised speech . The longtime Muslim Brotherhood member paid special tribute to those "  martyrs " who helped spearhead the revolution that led to the ouster of Egypt 's longtime President Hosni Mubarak and , more than a year later , to Morsi 's election . Mohamed Morsi 's top challenges He expressed thanks and admiration for military personnel , police officers , judges and others in the Egyptian government for their work on behalf of the nation . "  I must salute them because they have a role in the future " of Egypt , Morsi said . The president-elect also promised "  we will preserve all national and international agreements , " a topic of concern in light of questions about how his election might affect Egypt 's ties with neighboring Israel . And he vowed to "  protect the rights of women and children , " as well as Christians and Muslims alike . Earlier in the day , election officials announced Morsi earned more than 13 million votes in last week 's presidential election , while Ahmed Shafik -- the last prime minister to serve under Mubarak -- had more than 12 million . That worked out to just under 52 % of the vote for Morsi , while Shafik got just over 48 % , officials said . The announcement triggered massive cheers and celebratory gunfire in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the hub of last year 's revolution , with temperatures near 100 degrees Fahrenheit  38 Celsius  failing to subdue the joy felt by Morsi 's supporters . Similar rallies erupted Sunday in Alexandria as well . "  We 've been waiting for it for 7,000 years , " said Abdul Mawgoud Dardery , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party . "  For the first time in history , we have our own president , elected by us . The power of the people is now in the hands of the president -- and the president has to go and move forward . " Added another man celebrating in Tahrir Square , "  What we are happy for is Egyptian people could overcome the remnants of the last regime . " Are you there ? Share your images Yet some Shafik supporters were crushed by the news . Manal Koshkani told CNN from a Cairo hotel that she and others "  fear " the direction the Islamist party , the Muslim Brotherhood , could take Egypt . "  I hope we see a better future " Morsi , she said , adding , "  I highly doubt it . " Egypt does not have a constitution , while military rulers dissolved parliament in the wake of a controversial and pivotal court ruling earlier this month . Moreover , the presidency as currently defined is largely a figurehead position as the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  SCAF  maintains much of the control over the country , as it has since Mubarak 's exit . For this reason , a young Egyptian man named Mohamed Saleh dismissed the importance of the presidential vote . "  Morsi  does n't have the power -- SCAF has the power , " he said . Yet Morsi , who resigned from the Muslim Brotherhood and its Freedom and Justice Party shortly after the results were announced in an apparent effort to send a message that he will represent all Egyptians , said late Sunday that he is "  in charge " thanks to the vote , while stressing he must answer to the people . "  We are all equal in rights , and we all have obligations to carry on for this country , " he said . "  As for myself , I have no rights , but I have obligations . " Like Mubarak , Shafik is a former air force officer with close ties to Egypt 's powerful military and was "  the quintessential candidate of the counterrevolution , " said Khaled Elgindy , a visiting fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington . Morsi , an American-educated engineer , "  represents the older , more conservative wing of the Brotherhood and openly endorses a strict Islamic vision , " said Isobel Coleman of the Council on Foreign Relations -- a view Morsi seemed to try to rebut in his speech Sunday . Both presidential candidates claim victory in Egypt Among others , his victory raised questions about how it might affect Egypt 's relations with Israel . Morsi did n't directly address Israel on Sunday , though he did promise to maintain "  agreements . " He previously told CNN he 'd honor Egypt 's 1979 accord with Israel but in the past , the Islamist figure has referred to Israeli leaders as "  vampires . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , in a statement Sunday , said , "  Israel appreciates the democratic process in Egypt and respects the results of the presidential elections . Israel looks forward to continuing cooperation with the Egyptian government on the basis of the peace treaty between the two countries , which is a joint interest of both peoples and contributes to regional stability . " Meanwhile a prominent Palestinian legislator , Hanan Ashrawi , said Palestinians "  look for future corporation with Egypt and its supportive position for the Palestinian cause . " She added that "  the democratic process in Egypt should be propelled " by a movement to help it regain "  its leadership in the Arab world and region . " Both campaigns had accused each other of fraud leading up to last weekend 's runoff election . And well before the official announcement , the two candidates both used social media to declare victory -- a claim they repeated , once again , early Sunday . The results were expected to be announced earlier in the week , but were pushed back to Sunday . Even then , the head of the Supreme Presidential Election Commission kept people waiting -- after beginning 45 minutes later than expected , he took 45 minutes before finally announcing Morsi the victor . Afterward , leaders from the country , region and world sent in their congratulations . They included Egypt 's Grand Mufti Ali Gomaa and the head of the Al Azhar religious authority Ahmed al-Tayeb , who both congratulated Morsi , according to state-run media . The two are key Muslim figures in the country who were appointed by Mubarak . U.S. President Barack Obama called Morsi to congratulate him and pledge to "  support Egypt 's transition to democracy and stand by the Egyptian people as they fulfill the promise of the revolution . " Earlier , the White House issued a statement calling on Morsi "  to take steps at this historic time to advance national unity by reaching out to all parties and constituencies , " including respecting the rights of women and religious minorities such as Coptic Christians . Others described Morsi 's election as momentous but stressed that it does n't mean the county 's "  revolution " or its problems are over . Egypt 's economy continues to struggle , with widespread poverty , high unemployment and its vaunted tourism sector still sagging on the heels of the political unrest . With mass demonstrations and clashes with authorities common , the security situation remains tenuous . Officials warned Sunday -- in advance of the declaration about the presidential winner -- that they were ready to carry out their longstanding policy of using deadly force against people who attack government buildings . More than 1,800 ambulances were dispatched across the county before the announcement in anticipation of election-related violence , the state-run EgyNews agency reported . And even after Morsi 's win , the political situation remains very much unsettled amid lingering questions about whether the military will loosen its grip on power . Under an interim constitutional declaration , the military council said it retains the power to make laws and budget decisions until a new constitution is written and a new parliament is elected . The declaration said Supreme Council members "  shall decide all matters related to military affairs , including the appointment of its leaders . " Once sworn in as president , Morsi can declare war but only with "  the approval " of the Supreme Council . Wrote Wael Ghonim , the then-Google executive who helped organize the 2011 revolution , on Twitter : "  The first elected civilian Egyptian president in the history of modern Egypt . The revolution continues . " Why Mubarak 's death would n't change Egypt 's future CNN 's Josh Levs , Saad Abedine , Ben Wedeman , and Dan Rivers and journalists Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Ian Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama congratulates Morsi , vows to "  stand by the Egyptian people " Mohamed Morsi beats former Mubarak PM Ahmed Shafik 52 % to 48 % , officials say The Muslim Brotherhood 's Morsi promises he 'll represent all Egyptians His win triggers raucous celebrations , and some concern , in Cairo and beyond
CNN  -- A 14-year-old boy and his 13-year-old girlfriend who ran away together last month from Michigan were found safe Sunday in Chicago . An anonymous caller rang the Chicago police after spotting the teens . The pair was found in a parked Ford SUV on the north side of Chicago , said police spokesman John Mirabelli . The car was next to a gas station and out of gas . The teens ' parents have been notified and are en route to pick them up , Mirabelli said . Braxton Wood , 14 , and his girlfriend , Jayden Thomas , 13 , were believed to have driven off August 26 in Wood 's parents ' 2005 black Ford Explorer with about $ 80 in cash . Until Sunday , no one in Isabella County , located about 160 miles northwest of Detroit , had heard from them . Police considered the teens runaways  they did n't issue an Amber Alert  and said there was no reason to believe they faced imminent danger . Before they were found , Braxton 's mother , Sarah Kiley , told HLN 's Kyra Phillips she thought they had a pretty healthy relationship , though it had been on-again , off-again recently . "  They felt like they were very much in love . And that 's intense for 13 - and 14-year-olds . But I felt like it was a positive  relationship  , " Kiley said Friday on HLN 's Raising America . She pleaded then for both teens to come home . "  It 's been too long . We know they have to be scared . They 're young . They do n't have any resources to make it on their own . And if they 're scared to come home , please do n't be . We 'll support them in whatever they need . We just need them home . Life ca n't go on without them here . " CNN 's John Branch and Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report .	Jayden Thomas , 13 , and Braxton Wood , 14 , left their Michigan homes last month They were found in a parked SUV next to a gas station ; the vehicle was out of gas Their parents are en route to Chicago to pick them up , spokesman says
CNN  -- Chuck Colson was a man in full . The former White House special counsel and Watergate accomplice turned born-again Christian and prison evangelist , reminded us all , through his muscular Christianity and ever-present Marine training , that every life is worth saving , that no man should be left behind . He fought tirelessly on behalf of the forgotten and condemned . He defended the defenseless . In his passing on April 21 at the age of 80 , we remember one of America 's premier cultural ambassadors . Through his Prison Fellowship ministry , Angel Tree program , weekly radio broadcasts , books , and sermons , Colson touched countless lives , from the most innocent to those on death row . He pleaded guilty in 1974 to obstruction of justice in the Nixon White House Watergate scandal and served seven months in prison . But before he went to prison , he underwent a dramatic conversion and became a born-again Christian . Colson emerged from prison a man forever transformed . Last year , on one of his final public speaking tours , Colson summarized his ongoing mission for the past 40 years -- addressing the root causes of the cultural problems threatening our society . "  I discovered early on that the reasons the prisons were being filled was n't all the sociological theories about crime that we hear generally , it was the ... lack of moral training during the morally formative years , " Colson explained . "  We are raising a generation that lacks male role models . The family has broken down . These kids are n't learning character . " Colson understood that the family is the knot that holds the fabric of civilization together . If the family unravels , then so does society -- economically , socially , and morally . And now , it appears we may be headed that way . Today , more than half of births to American women under 30 happen outside marriage . The out-of-wedlock birth rate in the United States has passed 40 % and more than 70 % of all births to black women are outside marriage . Children today are the product of fewer successful marriages than perhaps ever before . With high unemployment rates , children are increasingly less likely to see a father or mother getting up and going to work in the morning . Less than half of the American population attends church on a weekly basis . The founding virtues that made this country so successful -- hard work , fidelity and faith -- are in diminishing supply . These virtues ca n't be taught in ethics classes or pop culture movies , but rather , they must be learned through example , particularly that of mentors and role models . Our children , boys in particular , are drawn to the strongest and loudest forces around them . If positive influences , like parents , teachers , and coaches , are missing , children will gravitate to something inferior , like drugs or gangs . Colson would often illustrate this with stories of convicts leaving prison only to be handed $ 100 by the guards and told , "  See you again in a couple weeks . " For the overwhelming majority , it was true . They returned home to the same gang they left , the same crimes they committed before , and they ended up back in prison again several weeks later . Colson understood the solution to these problems was n't political or economical , but cultural . On March 30 , Colson gave a speech at the Wilberforce Weekend Conference in northern Virginia . It was the last public speech he would ever give . In it he remarked , "  Politics is nothing but an expression of culture ... so if things are bad , do n't think it 's going to be solved by an election . It 's going to be solved by us . " All great change starts from the bottom up -- from the dinner table to the football field to the prisons . If you want less poverty , less crime and less social breakdown , you need stronger families , stronger churches , and stronger communities . Chuck Colson dedicated himself to this cause with unparalleled fervor and compassion . He will be sorely missed . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	Watergate figure Chuck Colson became a born-again Christian , founded prison ministry William Bennett says Colson fought tirelessly for the forgotten and condemned Colson 's mission was to address the root causes of social problems , Bennett writes Colson lamented the breakdown of family , lack of mentors for young people , he says
CNN  The outlines of a nuclear deal with Iran are in place . Unfortunately , it seems like too many in President Barack Obama 's administration have forgotten that the only reason this terrorist-supporting state came to the negotiating table in the first place was because of tough sanctions imposed by the U.S. Congress . Indeed , the reality is that President Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran -- and I worry we will lose it for good . Bleeding money , and faced with falling oil prices , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the "  Great Satan " -- the United States . But just as U.S. and European sanctions were forcing Iran to the nuclear crossroads , President Obama has given Tehran an easy exit . For Khamenei , the "  framework " announced last week looks like a win-win : He gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure , and in return gets billions of dollars in sanctions relief . Congress offered a better strategy when the top Democrat on the Foreign Affairs Committee , Eliot Engel , and I introduced a bill to hit Tehran with its toughest sanctions yet . Unfortunately , this bill -- which passed the House in a 400-20 vote -- was blocked in the Senate last year , despite the fact that it would have sharpened the Ayatollah 's choice : Dismantle your nuclear weapons program or see your economy collapse . President Obama once had a tougher line , when in 2012 he said : "  The deal we 'll accept is they end their nuclear program . It 's very straightforward . " But the framework announced last week does nothing of the sort . Negotiated between Iran and the United States , Russia , China , Britain , France and Germany , the framework concedes that Iran can maintain "  a mutually defined enrichment program , " operate thousands of centrifuges , and continue its research and development of nuclear technologies . The deal currently on the table would hand Tehran billions of previously sanctioned funds , filling the coffers of the world 's biggest state sponsor of terrorism , with strongholds in Syria , Iraq , Yemen and Lebanon . Meanwhile , the strictest restrictions on Iran 's enrichment will expire in only 10 years , despite the President receiving a letter from 367 Members of Congress -- both Democrats and Republicans -- in which we insisted that "  verifiable constraints on Iran 's nuclear program must last for decades . " The President admitted as much when he conceded that "  in year 13 , 14 , 15 , they have advanced centrifuges that enrich uranium fairly rapidly , and at that point the breakout times would have shrunk almost down to zero . " But as bad as these concessions are , the most concerning aspect of the April 2 deal is that it lacks tough safeguards to stop Iran from cheating . The key question is this : Will the inspectors at the International Atomic Energy Agency be allowed to inspect these military sites without warning ? Because if the IAEA can not conduct "  anytime , anywhere " inspections , Iran will be able to "  sneak out " to a bomb . It has been done before . Remember , in 1994 , when President Bill Clinton told us he had struck a deal with North Korea that would "  make the United States , the Korean Peninsula , and the world safer " ? President Clinton sounded a little too much like the current Secretary of State John Kerry , when he promised that the North Korea agreement "  does not rely on trust " and that "  compliance will be certified by the International Atomic Energy Agency . " Twelve years after these assurances , North Korea detonated its first nuclear bomb . Iran could easily do the same . The best predictor of its future behavior is its past behavior -- between 2004 and 2009 , the Iranian government built a huge centrifuge facility named Fordo under a mountain deep in the Iranian desert . Luckily for the world , Western intelligence agencies discovered Tehran 's deception . But we can not rely on such luck in the future , particularly when Iran still has n't come clean about its history of secret weapons development and is still dodging basic questions from the IAEA . Let 's not forget the other things Iran has been doing while its diplomats have been bargaining with the U.S. and its partners . While Iran was showing its friendly new face to the world , it has simultaneously been helping Syrian dictator Bashar al Assad kill his own people , training and funding the terrorist group Hezbollah , which aims to annihilate Israel , and supporting the Houthis , who started a civil war and overthrew the government in Yemen -- one of America 's more reliable counterterrorism partners in the region . If President Obama is going to hand over billions of dollars to a regime that behaves like this , run by a man who publicly declares : "  Death to America , " it has to be a better deal . The framework we have before us keeps Iran 's nuclear door well and truly open .	Ed Royce : Best predictor of Iran 's future behavior is its past behavior New framework keeps Iran 's nuclear door well and truly open , he says
CNN  -- Dictators around the Middle East should pay close attention to the fate of Libya 's Moammar Gadhafi , opposition activists from Syria and Yemen said Thursday as reports of Gadhafi 's death flashed across the world . "  This is a lesson for all dictatorships : The clear fate of all who kill his people is to end up under the feet of the nation , " said Omar Al-Muqdad , a Syrian opposition activist in exile in Turkey . View a gallery of leaders caught up in the Arab Spring The opposition Syrian National Assembly "  blesses the Libyan people that got rid of an infamous dictator such as Gadhafi , " he said . He said it would give a push to efforts to topple Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad , saying he would suffer "  the same fate " if he fell . Opponents of longtime Yemen President Ali Abdullah Saleh also drew inspiration from the reports about Gadhafi . "  Whether he was killed or not , I hope Saleh is watching the news closely , " Yemeni blogger Afrah Nasser said before Gadhafi 's death was confirmed by Libya 's governing National Transition Council . She said she hopes the Yemeni opposition will get international support -- if not necessarily the military intervention that NATO gave Libya 's revolutionary fighters . "  The support we need is sanctions against Saleh and boycott of Saleh 's regime and acknowledgment of Yemen 's  opposition  national council , " she said from Sweden , where she fled in the face of threats in Yemen . "  I hope that Ali Abdullah Saleh and his regime learn a lesson from what happened to Gadhafi and his government , " said Mohammed Abulahoum , head of Yemen 's opposition Justice and Development Party . "  Saleh must understand that the only scenario left for him , other than stepping down , is what happened to Gadhafi . " Regional expert David Hartwell agreed that Gadhafi 's death could have "  ripple effects " in the region , spreading the way the Arab Spring did . "  I think what we 've seen in the past is that Tunisia had the effect of emboldening the opposition in Egypt , " he said . "  That has ripple effects out to Yemen and Libya itself . " Yemen is closer to a change of power than Syria , he said . "  Saleh is already edging toward the door anyway . This could have the effect of pushing him through it , " said Hartwell , senior Middle East and North Africa analyst at IHS Global Insight in London . "  Syrians may come to see that Libyans removed a dictator who was completely entrenched , " he said , "  but  we 're not at that point yet , though there have been defections from the army . "  There are local factors in Syria that are going to make it much more difficult to have an effect -- the middle classes in Syria have yet to really throw their lot in with the opposition , " he said . "  The situation is going to go along for the foreseeable future , " he said . Radiating out from countries already in turmoil , more changes could be in store for the Middle East in the next few years , he said . "  Further down the line you may see disturbances in other countries , " he said , adding that "  Bahrain has been postponed rather than resolved ... Iran , when there are presidential elections in two years -- but for the moment it 's Syria and Yemen . "	"  This is a lesson for all dictatorships , " a Syrian opposition leader says "  I hope Ali Abdullah Saleh is watching the news closely , " blogger says of Yemen leader Moammar Gadhafi 's death could have ripple efects through the region , Mideast analyst says Yemen and Syria are closer to change than Bahrain and Iran , expert says
Hong Kong , China  CNN  -- Typhoon Megi cut a deadly path into Asia on Friday , triggering mudslides that killed seven people and trapped more than 400 others in automobiles in Taiwan , officials said . At least 23 people , including 19 passengers on a tour bus , remained missing Friday night , Taiwan 's official Central News Agency reported . Rescuers were searching for the missing and providing food to other stranded tourists trapped in the mountainous region of northeastern Taiwan . Helicopters were able to evacuate about 70 people , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported . The driver and a passenger of a second tour bus were also listed as missing Friday after their vehicle was buried by a landslide , CNA reported . Soldiers were deployed to rescue those trapped , including about 200 visitors from China , said Cai Min , a spokesman for Taiwan 's National Disaster Prevention and Protection Commission . More than two dozen travelers had been rescued by late afternoon Friday , officials said . The rock slides happened mainly along the Suhua Highway , in northeast Taiwan , Cai said . Megi , which killed at least 11 people in the Philippines , is expected to reach the Asian continent in southern China early Saturday , according to the Hong Kong Observatory . On the streets of Hong Kong , there were no signs of the typhoon yet . "  Although it is difficult to predict Megi 's exact track , the public should stay alert and attend to their personal safety . They should stay away from the shoreline , avoid unnecessary outdoor activities and ensure drains are not blocked , " acting Secretary for Security Lai Tung-kwok said . As precautions , crews in Hong Kong were deployed to pile sandbags , inspect and trim trees and check drains . Temporary shelters were being opened , and myriad boats were moored . Megi may be the strongest typhoon to hit China this year , the state-run Xinhua news agency has said . In southern China , strong gales arrived ahead of Megi . Domestic and international flights have been cancelled , and ferry services have been suspended in Guangdong , Fujian and Hainan , state-run China Daily said . In Guangdong , crews have fanned out to inspect reservoirs , dikes and water-conservation projects , in an effort to prevent storm-related injuries and deaths . Nearly 130,000 fishing boats have been recalled in Fujian , Guangdong and Hainan provinces , and more than 150,000 people have fled for safety in Fujian , according to Xinhua . Officials have issued the highest of four warnings , bracing for possible devastation in coastal areas , Xinhua said . The warning allows local officials six hours to evacuate residents , close schools and airports , and recall vessels that are considered at risk . On Thursday in the Philippines , lawmakers placed the province of Pangasinan under a state of emergency , to help municipalities recover from Megi , which was known in the Philippines as Typhoon Juan . The typhoon affected an estimated 258,844 Filipinos , leaving thousands homeless . CNN 's Helena Hong contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 23 people are missing , including 19 on a tour bus NEW : Helicopters are able to evacuate 70 stranded tourists Megi is advancing on southern China after deadly triggering mudslides in Taiwan
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal insists he is more motivated by winning titles than retaining the No. 1 ranking as the tennis season makes its quick switch from clay to grass this week . The Spaniard has swapped Paris for London after clinching a record-equaling sixth French Open title on Sunday as he begins preparations to defend his Wimbledon crown . The 24-year-old would have lost his top ranking if Roger Federer had not ended Novak Djokovic 's 41-match unbeaten run this season in the semifinals at Roland Garros . "  I think he will have a big chance to be number one at Wimbledon , " Nadal told CNN 's Kate Giles of his Serbian rival . "  I think he deserves to be number one because what he did was fantastic at the beginning of the season . Rafael Nadal : Anatomy of a champion "  I 'm very happy with what I did too . For me the most important thing is not the No. 1 , the important thing is I have another title , another Roland Garros . "  And for me the most important thing is to be competitive every time when I go on court . I 've been number one two times , I was happy for that but more important for me is the titles than that number one . " Having matched the legendary Bjorn Borg in winning six French Open titles , Nadal is now looking to extend his tally of 10 grand slam crowns with a third triumph at Wimbledon on a surface he has grown to love as his career has developed . The six seasons of the tennis year His only warm-up event before Wimbledon starts on June 20 is this week 's AEGON Championships at Queen 's Club , which also features the man he beat in the Paris semis , Andy Murray . However , Djokovic has pulled out due to knee problems , while Federer has withdrawn from the German event in Halle to rest his groin injury . The Swiss star , a record 16-time grand slam champion , had been hoping to win one of his favorite events for the sixth time before trying to match Pete Sampras ' mark of seven Wimbledon titles . "  The grass is always a special feeling and it 's good fun to play on grass , " Nadal said . "  I like the surface , I love to play there . You can do different things -- you can attack , you can go to the net -- so it 's fun to try to adapt my game as fast as possible to the grass because I only have two weeks . " Nadal equals Borg with record sixth French Open title Nadal had a disappointing start to this season when he suffered a hamstring injury during his quarterfinal defeat at the Australian Open , ending his bid to hold all four grand slam titles . His dominance was further threatened when Djokovic beat him in four successive Masters Series finals , including two on his beloved clay in Madrid and Rome . "  The beginning of the season was n't easy because I had an injury in Australia and I got sick in Doha , but after that I was healthy and I was able to play very well the rest of the season , " Nadal said . "  Today was the seventh straight final of the year after coming back from the injury in Australia , so that 's fantastic for me and I 'm unbelievably happy with everything . To win another Roland Garros against Roger was really special , very emotional . "	World No. 1 Rafael Nadal seeking to win his third title on the grass at Wimbledon He retained his ranking after claiming a record-equaling sixth French Open crown Nadal says Paris semifinalist Novak Djokovic deserves to be the No. 1 Roger Federer pulls out of German tournament to rest his groin injury
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Two days before Christmas , the alleged smuggler apparently thought Easter eggs would be the perfect ploy to conceal 14 pounds of cocaine . It did n't work . U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers sensed something was a little off with candy for the wrong holiday , a spokeswoman said . "  That 's certainly an anomaly , is n't it ? They 're trained to detect anomalies in all kinds of situations , " said Lee Harty , a spokeswoman for U.S. Customs and Border Protection . "  It 's an unusual concealment method -- at least for this time of year . Maybe not for spring . " Esteban Galtes , 23 , of Miami , Florida , was being held without bail being set Monday after he asked a federal court in Los Angeles to continue his Monday hearing until Wednesday , said U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman Virginia Kice . Galtes ' attorney could not be reached for comment Monday evening . Galtes is accused of smuggling cocaine into Los Angeles International Airport after a week-long trip in Colombia , and he 's charged with importation of a controlled substance , which carries a maximum penalty of life in prison , authorities said . Last Thursday night , Galtes ' luggage was allegedly found to conceal more than 14 pounds of cocaine during a search by customs officers , officials said . Much of the cocaine was camouflaged as pastel-colored Easter egg candies , and the remainder of the cocaine was hidden under a cardboard false bottom of a paper shopping bag , authorities said . "  When they inspected the candies and they cut it into them , a white powdery substance was exposed , which tested positive for cocaine , " Harty said . The cocaine has a street value of more than $ 100,000 , authorities said . "  Drug traffickers are always trying novel ways to conceal their contraband , " said Claude Arnold , special agent in charge of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 's Homeland Security Investigations in Los Angeles . "  But cocaine camouflaged as Easter candy is one of the more unusual tactics we 've come across . Obviously two days before Christmas , this defendant did n't expect his trip would end with federal officers conducting an Easter egg hunt , " he said in a statement . Galtes told the officers that the eggs were for his two children , federal authorities said . "  This smuggling attempt and interception should give notice to all persons involved in this illicit trade to think twice when attempting to smuggle cocaine or other prohibited drugs/items into LAX , " Carlos Martel , acting director of Los Angeles field operations for Customs and Border Protection , said in a statement . Homeland Security investigators are continuing to look into the smuggling operation , officials said .	A smuggler thought Easter eggs would be an ideal way to conceal cocaine But the U.S. agents thought the candies were odd , two nights before Christmas Agents cut open up the eggs and found cocaine
CNN  -- You may be relieved or even ecstatic about the end of a symbol of terror , or maybe it seems like the pain is just beginning all over again . Both of these reactions to the death of Osama bin Laden , who was killed by U.S. troops in Pakistan , are natural , experts say . From the celebrations in Washington and New York , it looks like lots of people are happy . Chants of "  USA ! USA ! " reverberated outside the White House and at New York 's ground zero as crowds celebrated the death of the terrorist leader , President Obama announced Sunday . As far as the collective American psyche goes , it makes sense that this is a moment of celebration , says Columbia University psychiatrist Dr. Jeffery Lieberman . The country has been experiencing emotional malaise , with a slow-moving economy , a sense of America losing its No. 1 status in the world , and a decade of pent-up anguish about the threat of terrorism . Much like the World War II years , these have been uncertain times . Then , rumors of bin Laden 's death , confirmed by an announcement from the president , lifted that burden of pain and helplessness . "  In the blink of an eye , the gloom and doom and pessimism has dissipated , " Lieberman said . After bin Laden : What does it mean to you ? But wait a minute : Should we rejoice in the death of another human being ? But although bin Laden claimed responsibility for the destruction of the World Trade Center and the deaths of thousands of Americans , the outpouring of celebration does n't feel right for everyone . David Sirota , a newspaper columnist and a contributor to Salon felt uncomfortable with the jubilation because he said there is a "  difference between relief and euphoria . " "  A euphoric response instead of somber relief suggests that we are celebrating revenge . We are not celebrating an end to the war , " he said , comparing it to the public 's euphoria when World War II ended . "  What 's a little scary about this : We were once a country that saw violence as regrettable , but sometimes necessary act . But we 're not celebrating end of violence , but the exercise of it . " Josh Pesavento , 22 , a journalism student in New York who photographed the cheering crowds in Times Square on Monday morning , also felt conflicted about the celebrations he witnessed . "  I do n't believe that any person has the right to kill anyone , and I do n't think that we should be cheering for yet more loss of life . However , I tell myself that in this situation , these people may be cheering for the end of an icon who led to the death of far , far too many , " Pesavento said . For some , bin Laden represents an idea more than a person who lived and died . More than the death of a human being , this ends the life of a powerful symbol of terrorism and destruction , said Nadine Kaslow , psychologist at Emory University . Bin Laden 's death hits closer to home in the U.S. than the capture and execution of Saddam Hussein , for example , because the Iraqi dictator did not directly attack American soil , she said . The celebratory mood reflects a sense that fairness and justice had been restored and that a terrorist got his comeuppance , said Kaslow . "  I think people feel like this guy got what he deserved . It was a sense that it was ` our family ' that was killed , " she said . But there are likely others who are n't chanting on the streets for whom the death of bin Laden brings back painful memories of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , she said . People who lost loved ones on September 11 , 2001 , may have symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder , and the killing of bin Laden may open old wounds , Lieberman said . "  It does n't bring their loved ones back . It does n't ease their pain . There was so much more to this than catching bin Laden . At best , they would be bittersweet : It feels good to have the relief of this guy being gone , but the pain of their loss is very strong and very real to them , " said Dr. Susan Nolen-Hoeksema , a Yale University psychologist . Is it morally right to celebrate bin Laden 's death ? Diana Massaroli , who lost her husband , Michael Massaroli , in the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , said the news of bin Laden 's death made her feel an "  overall calm that I have n't felt in 10 years . " "  I feel better ... like I can start a new chapter in my life . " Sirota and Kaslow likened bin Laden 's death to the execution of a convicted murderer of someone 's family , which may bring a sense of closure for some . In the case of bin Laden , though , there is fear of retaliation from terrorist groups . "  Relief also comes with a kind of sadness that the victims can never be brought back and sadness at the world that creates such a perpetrator , " Sirota said . Even people who did n't feel the direct impact of the attacks on September 11 , 2001 , will feel relief , Kaslow said . After all , everyone gets reminded of the global insecurity that resulted whenever they go to the airport . The terrorist leader 's living situation also does n't bring about any sympathy -- he was n't starving and struggling in a cave , but rather lived in a mansion , which adds to his perceived arrogance , Kaslow said . The news of bin Laden 's death "  allows us to put some sort of order " to the horror of 9-11 because otherwise , "  it 's upsetting , disconcerting when we 're reminded how unpredictable life , death and the world around us could be , " said Sam Sommer , associate professor of psychology at Tufts University . People 's reactions are likely tied to how emotionally and personally they felt to the events 10 years ago , Sommer said . "  It seems to me that the emotional reaction had a lot to do with the differences in how people view this -- whether it 's the right triumphing over evil -- a lot of young people are viewing this in that way , " Nolen-Hoeksema said . She noted that her teenage son and his friends were enthusiastically tweeting about the news in a tone that "  this is a bad guy , the good guys got him finally -- that 's all they are seeing . " After , all Jack Bauer of "  24 " was trending on Twitter . But the one common factor was that everyone felt a need to share the news and their observations -- whether it was rallying in front of the White House , or tweeting or updating their Facebook page . "  These emotionally charged events send us back to our social roots and make us need to affiliate with other people , " Sommer said . CNN 's Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	Osama bin Laden was killed by U.S. troops in Pakistan , President Obama announced Sunday Bin Laden 's death may come with feelings of relief for many people Reactions likely tied to emotions felt on September 11 , 2001
A Missouri judge has overturned the state 's ban on same-sex marriages and ordered registrars to start issuing licenses to gay and lesbian couples . In a ruling Wednesday , Judge Rex Burlison struck down the ban , declaring it unconstitutional and saying officials should give licenses to same-sex couples seeking to get married . "  Any same-sex couple that satisfies all the requirements for marriage under Missouri law , other than being of different sexes , is legally entitled to a marriage license , " wrote Burlison , a St. Louis circuit judge . Shortly after the ruling , couples marched to St. Louis City Hall to apply for licenses , CNN affiliate KSDK reported . The ruling follows an incident in June , when St. Louis issued marriage licenses to four same-sex couples . The state attorney general sued to stop it , arguing it defies Missouri 's 2004 constitutional amendment banning gay marriage . St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay said times have changed , and the ban was long overdue . "  When you have two people who love each other and want to commit to each other through marriage , I ca n't think of anything more beautiful , " he said . "  Whether you are heterosexual , it should n't matter . We are all people under the law , and we should all be treated equally . " Slay said his brother , who is gay , just married his partner in New York . "  They could not get married in St. Louis , " he told the affiliate . "  Based on what is happening here , he may move back to St. Louis . " But the state 's top prosecutor said he has appealed the ruling to the Missouri Supreme Court . "  The constitutional challenge to Missouri 's historically recognized right to define marriage must be presented to and resolved by the state 's highest court , " state Attorney General Chris Koster said in a statement . Koster has said that while a lot of state residents have changed their minds and support marriage equality , the constitution has not changed . More than 30 states and the District of Columbia allow marriage for same-sex couples .	St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay applauds the ruling Shortly after the ruling , couples head to St. Louis City Hall to apply for licenses But state 's top prosecutor says he 's appealed the ruling to the Missouri Supreme Court
