CNN  -- The woman 's Halloween costume featured a Third Reich motif . This was last weekend in a sprawling bar-and-restaurant complex near U.S. 41 on the west coast of Florida . I had made the miscalculation of stopping by in pursuit of a quiet cheeseburger , not realizing that adults in trick-or-treat costumes were making the rounds on this sultry evening . The woman  or the costume shop from where she had purchased her uniform  at least had the good sense to omit the actual swastikas , but that was the only bit of subtlety . The Heinrich Himmler high-fronted military cap , the boots , the swagger stick she kept slapping against her palm ... some of the customers , playing along , did little comic goose steps as they passed her . I looked up from my newspaper and tried to surmise if anyone was going to be offended enough by this odious display to leave . She beat them to it ; she and her friends made a few quick passes through the aisles of the place , then returned to the night , ready to continue their revelry elsewhere . Halloween in the United States is an increasingly odd holiday , no longer child 's play , but on this evening I was thinking about another holiday , this one official , that is coming up this week : Veterans Day . And , having unexpectedly encountered the woman in her getup , I found myself wondering what , six and seven decades ago , they would have made of it : what the 16 million Americans who served in the armed forces during World War II , who were sent across the ocean to defeat a brutal enemy , would have thought about this scene . They 're old men now , the soldiers who remain ; many are frail and in ill health . It can be easy for us to forget that , when they were uprooted from their daily lives in the 1940s , no one knew what the history books would eventually say . No one knew the outcome . They were little more than kids , many of them ; they were in effect told by our country : Are you in school ? You 'll have to leave it . Have a new wife ? You 'll have to say goodbye to her . Working at a job you like ? Tell your boss that you have to quit . We need you to go halfway across the world , because we need you to save the world . And they did it . Some 292,000 U.S. soldiers , sailors , airmen and Marines were killed in battle during World War II ; another 114,000 died from noncombat causes . Some 671,000 U.S. troops were injured , many of them grievously . The uniforms they put on were not Halloween getups ; neither were the uniforms of the enemies they confronted across the oceans . On their way to fight the war , it 's a pretty fair guess that they were scared and lonely . They understood that there was no guarantee they would ever be coming home . Each November we are asked to pause and honor them , which is , or should be , an honor in itself . After the events of the last week at Fort Hood in Texas , with their reminder of the sacrifices that the men and women of the military make for us , Veterans Day will hold special meaning this year . This November also marks the second anniversary of the death , at age 92 , of my friend Paul Tibbets , who I got to know extraordinarily well during the last years of his life . I 'd like to say a few words about him here . At the age of 29 , out of all the men and women in the U.S. military , he was selected for a task of almost unfathomable importance . He was told to recruit , organize , supervise and command a group of soldiers and airmen who were to train in absolute secrecy . If he succeeded , he was told , then the war could be won . Someone had started a terrible fight ; he was asked to finish it . He did . He got his unit ready . And on an August day in 1945 , he flew a B-29 he had named for his mother , Enola Gay , to Japan , where he and his crew dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima . It was the single most violent act in the history of mankind , and he carried it out without flinching because he believed , in the deepest part of his heart , one thing above all others : He could end the long war . He could stop the killing . All of the American soldiers who were on their way to the shores of Japan for a land invasion could turn around and go home , could raise families , could live again in a world at peace . He understood the controversy , and the anger , with which his mission would be received by some . He understood that there were people who would forever hate him . He and I talked about it many times before he died . After the war , he told me , President Harry Truman asked him if people were saying unpleasant things to him because of the bomb . Paul Tibbets told the president that , yes , some people indeed were . And Truman said : "  You tell them that if they have anything to say , they should call me . I 'm the one who sent you . " So it 's November again . Veterans Day is upon us . There is a quotation variously attributed to Winston Churchill or George Orwell . Regardless of our individual politics , regardless of our beliefs about the rightness or wrongness of a particular war , the words are worth reflecting upon anew this week : "  We sleep soundly in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm . " And so , to all who have served us , then , now , and in the future , a word of somber thanks , from those of us here at home . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Sometimes people make light of World War II ; that 's a mistake He says there was nothing funny about the battle a generation faced Lives were disrupted , hundreds of thousands died or were injured , he says He says American liberties depend on willingness of troops to fight
CNN  -- It took five tries and almost 15 years , but there is no question that North Korea 's successful launch of a satellite into orbit on December 11 is a major technological achievement . It is not , however , a serious military threat to the United States or other nations . North Korea still has a long way to go before they can turn the orbiting of a baby satellite , reportedly tumbling out of control , into the ability to threaten others at long distance with a nuclear weapon . If the past is any guide , North Korea 's launch of an Unha-3 rocket will have international security repercussions far out of proportion to its military capability . North Korea 's first attempt in launching a satellite in April 1998 under Kim Jong Il failed , but it triggered a panic in the U.S. Proponents of elaborate anti-missile weapons seized on the launch as proof that dictators of small , undeterrable countries could soon attack the U.S. with nuclear-armed intercontinental ballistic missiles . Read more : Why did North Korea launch a rocket ? At the time , a commission chaired by Donald Rumsfeld made headlines with its warning that "  A nation with a well-developed , Scud-based ballistic missile infrastructure would be able to achieve first flight of a long-range missile , up to and including intercontinental ballistic missile range  greater than 5,500 kilometers  , within about five years of deciding to do so . " North Korea and Iran had Scud-based missile infrastructures : They were clearly trying to do so . Fifteen years later , they have not come close to succeeding . But the warning achieved its purpose : Missile defense programs and budgets soared and have never come down . Our nation today spends about $ 10 billion a year on such programs , even though the threat never developed as predicted . We can expect similar warnings now that Kim Jong Un has done what his father never could . And this is the really tragic news . Success raises stakes for U.S. missile defense system Governments meeting in emergency session in Seoul and Tokyo will have to produce more than statements of condemnation . They will likely support more anti-missile programs . The U.S. , feeling the pressure from them and from defense hawks at home , may increase efforts to field more of the systems it is developing . We deploy about 30 ground-based interceptors in silos in Alaska and California . These systems have some ability to hit a long-range rocket , like the Unha-3 should it be turned into a missile and aimed at the U.S. . Some in Congress will no doubt demand that we deploy more . We are fielding interceptors at sea aboard Aegis-class destroyers and cruisers that have some capability against short-range missiles , with plans to grow the program to longer-range missiles and deploy them in Eastern Europe . The U.S. Defense Department just recently approved arms sales to Japan to help that nation upgrade its Aegis anti-missile system . Pressures will mount to deploy more capable anti-missile systems in Asia . Read more : North Korea silences doubters , raises fears with rocket launch China and Russia will almost certainly react to these deployments , believing that they are aimed at them , not North Korea or Iran . This will chill efforts to negotiate reductions in Cold War stockpiles of nuclear weapons . How can we reduce , they will ask , if the U.S. is racing to ring us with new weapons ? There is no reason for this cycle of action and reaction . There is no threat that warrants the panicked deployment of untested and unreliable anti-missile weapons . As my colleague and North Korean expert Philip Yun notes , "  A successful launch was only a matter of time , and it shows a level of technical sophistication that was always there . We need to take North Korea seriously but not make it more than it really is . " I pointed out in 2009 , after North Korea 's third failed attempt , that the nation was a long way from having a nuclear-armed ICBM . That is still true after this successful launch . North Korea would have to achieve three additional breakthroughs . First , it would have to demonstrate the reliability of its launcher . The first four tests failed . This one succeeded . Will the next ? Sometimes , you really do have to be a rocket scientist to answer questions like this . The one I consult is David Wright of the Union of Concerned Scientists . He writes , "  From past launches , we knew that North Korea has been able to build or buy working components for a rocket . The main difficulty is getting all the parts to work together and at the same time , given the enormous complexity of rockets . Even with this success , North Korea has no confidence in the reliability of the rocket , which undermines its utility for military purposes . " Second , it will have to develop a nuclear warhead small enough and reliable enough to fit on a missile . North Korea  unlike Iran  has twice tested nuclear devices , but these are believed to be too large and heavy for use in a warhead . North Korea would need several more nuclear tests to achieve this capability . Read more : China 's reaction Third , as North Korea 's long history demonstrates , it is very hard to get something up into space -- and it is just as hard to bring it safely down . North Korea will have to develop and test a re-entry vehicle that can survive the temperatures , pressures and vibration of coming back into the Earth 's atmosphere and the accuracy to land where targeted . It is a long journey from initial satellite launch to an ICBM . Ask Iran . Iran first launched a low-Earth orbit-satellite in 2009 , the same feat North Korea has now duplicated , but Iran does not now , nor is it likely to have anytime soon , an ICBM . A new study from the Congressional Research Service concludes that contrary to predictions in the late 1990s that Iran or North Korea or both would have ICBMs by 2015 , "  It is increasingly uncertain whether Iran will be able to achieve an ICBM capability by 2015 . " So , the lessons are : Do n't underestimate North Korea . Do n't count on this regime disappearing anytime soon . But do n't panic . Do n't start an arms race that undermines your greater strategic stability goals . We need to take a deep breath and work with our allies to get North Korea back to the bargaining table and off the test ranges . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joe Cirincione .	Joe Cirincione : North Korea 's successful launch of a satellite is a major feat Cirincione says it is not a serious military threat to the U.S. or other nations He says launch will have disproportionate international security repercussions Cirincione : Do n't underestimate the regime , but do n't panic and start an arms race
CNN  -- A former justice of the peace now faces capital murder charges in the killings of two Texas prosecutors and the wife of one of them , authorities announced Thursday . Eric Williams ' bail has been set at $ 23 million in the March killings of Kaufman County District Attorney Mike McLelland and his wife , Cynthia , and the January slaying of Mark Hasse , one of McLelland 's assistant district attorneys . Williams was already in jail on a charge of threatening investigators probing the killings , and his wife had been charged with murder on Wednesday . "  The murder of a public official , such as a judge a prosecutor or a law-enforcement officer , is an assault on all the people of the state , because it 's an attack of the rule of law , " said Kirby Dendy , chief of the Texas Rangers . Kaufman County Sheriff David Byrnes said the killings stemmed from Williams ' "  past legal problems with the criminal justice system of this county " -- a 2012 conviction on burglary and theft charges that led to his removal from office . His wife , Kim Williams , was booked early Wednesday on murder charges . She confessed in detail to her involvement in the scheme and implicated her husband as the trigger man , according to court papers . Byrnes said Eric Williams fired the fatal shots in both slayings . In Hasse 's death , Kim Williams was the getaway driver ; in the McLellands ' killings , she was a passenger , "  and Eric did the killing . " "  We do not believe there were any other major actors in this case , " Byrnes said . Hasse and Mr. McLelland both believed that Eric Williams blamed them for his removal from office , a sheriff 's sergeant noted in Kim Williams ' arrest paperwork . The prosecutors carried handguns for their protection after the Williams trial "  because they believed Eric Williams to be a threat to their personal safety . " Eric Williams was arrested last week on a count of making a terroristic threat . A sheriff 's affidavit accused him of using his home computer to threaten police investigating the McLellands ' killings . Eric Williams ' attorney released a statement Friday saying he "  has cooperated with law enforcement and vigorously denies any and all allegations . He wishes simply to get on with his life and hopes that the perpetrators are brought to justice . " Investigation opens window on 2012 trial CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	NEW : Eric Williams charged with capital murder NEW : His bail is set at $ 23 million His wife has already been charged with murder
CNN  -- Annual restaurant awards -- good for debate , good to reaffirm that dining experience and great at helping tourists plan their travel itineraries as they scramble to book dinner reservations . Deciding where to eat on your next trip to the United States might be a bit easier now that this year 's winners of the James Beard Foundation 's Restaurant and Chef Awards have been announced . Often referred to as the Oscars of the U.S. restaurant industry , the awards took place at the Lincoln Center in New York City on Monday . The best chef category is divided by region : Great Lakes , mid-Atlantic , northeast , northwest , midwest , south , southeast , southwest , west and New York City . Award winners include some reasonably obvious choices such as April Bloomfield of The Spotted Pig for New York 's best chef and The Bar at the NoMad Hotel for outstanding bar program . Dominque Ansel , the chef who unleashed the cronut on the world , took home the prize for outstanding pastry chef , while PÃªche Seafood Grill in New Orleans won the coveted best new restaurant award . Nancy Silverton of Pizzeria Mozza in Los Angeles was named outstanding chef . The nominations for outstanding restaurant were Hearth  New York City  , Highlands Bar and Grill  Birmingham , Alabama  , Spiaggia  Chicago , Illinois  and wd ~ 50  New York City  . The winner was The Slanted Door in San Francisco . Head over to Eatocracy to see the full list of winners and photos from the event .	James Beard Restaurant and Chef Awards announced on Monday The awards are referred to as the Oscars of the U.S. culinary world A New Orleans seafood grill won best new restaurant award
Panama City , Florida  CNN  -- President Barack Obama told CNN Saturday that in defending the right of Muslims to build a community center and mosque near ground zero in a speech on Friday night , he was "  not commenting on the wisdom " of the project . Instead , Obama said he was trying to uphold the broader principle that the government should treat "  everyone equal , regardless " of religion . His comments were seen as step back from the support he appeared to give the controversial project during a White House dinner on Friday , though a spokesman for the administration quickly moved to clarify the president 's remarks . "  Just to be clear , the President is not backing off in any way from the comments he made last night , " White House spokesman Bill Burton said in a statement Saturday afternoon . "  It is not his role as President to pass judgment on every local project . But it is his responsibility to stand up for the Constitutional principle of religious freedom and equal treatment for all Americans , " Burton added . Obama , speaking on Saturday after giving a speech on the Gulf Coast oil disaster in Panama City , Florida , told CNN he "  was not commenting and I will not comment on the wisdom of making the decision to put a mosque there , " referring to the area near ground zero . "  I was commenting very specifically on the right people have that dates back to our founding , " the president added . "  In this country , we treat everybody equally and in accordance with the law , regardless of race , regardless of religion . " At a White House dinner celebrating the Islamic holy month of Ramadan , Obama seemed to throw his support behind a controversial proposal to build an Islamic center and mosque near New York 's ground zero , saying Friday that "  Muslims have the same right to practice their religion as anyone else in this country . " "  That includes the right to build a place of worship and a community center on private property in lower Manhattan , in accordance with local laws and ordinances , " Obama said . The president 's remarks drew praise from New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who announced his support for the Islamic center last week . Bloomberg compared Obama 's speech to a letter former President George Washington wrote in support of a Jewish congregation in Newport , Rhode Island . Rep. Jerrold Nadler  D-New York  , whose district includes ground zero , praised Obama 's remarks on Saturday . "  The United States was founded on the principle of religious liberty and tolerance , and it is equally important 234 years later that we uphold this principal . Hate should have no place in America , " Nadler said in a statement . Still , critics of the proposed Islamic center -- including Sarah Palin and Rep. Peter King  R-New York  -- quickly denounced Obama 's comments . "  President Obama is wrong , " King said in a statement Friday night . "  It is insensitive and uncaring for the Muslim community to build a mosque in the shadow of Ground Zero . Unfortunately , the President caved into political correctness . " Sarah Palin , the former Republican candidate for vice president , also weighed in . "  We all know that they have the right to do it , but should they ? " she tweeted on Saturday . Obama , who on Friday said he was speaking both as a citizen and as president , invoked the attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , which critics of the Islamic center cite as the main reason for blocking its construction . "  We must all recognize and respect the sensitivities surrounding the development of lower Manhattan , " he said . "  The 9/11 attacks were a deeply traumatic event for our country . " "  The pain and suffering experienced by those who lost loved ones is unimaginable , " Obama continued . "  So I understand the emotions that this issue engenders . Ground zero is , indeed , hallowed ground . " The proposed Islamic center has provoked vocal opposition from some families of 9/11 victims and other groups . Nearly 70 percent of Americans oppose the plan , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation Poll released Wednesday . "  In a breathtakingly inappropriate setting , the president has chosen to declare our memories of 9/11 obsolete and the sanctity of Ground Zero finished , " Debra Burlingame , co-founder of 9/11 Families for a Safe & Strong America , said in a statement . The Islamic center 's leaders say they plan to build the $ 100 million , 13-story facility called Cordoba House three blocks from the site of the 9/11 attacks . The developer , Sharif El-Gamal , describes the project as an "  Islamic community center " that would include a 500-seat performing arts center , a lecture hall , a swimming pool , a gym , a culinary school , a restaurant and a prayer space for Muslims . Other families of 9/11 victims said they support the proposed Islamic center , and the president 's position . "  America , the concept and the people and the land thrive when we chose to trust in our principles rather than cave to our basest fears , " Donna Marsh O'Connor , spokeswoman for September 11th Families for Peaceful Tomorrows , said in a statement . "  What better place for healing , reconciliation and understanding than Ground Zero ? " she added . On Wednesday , the project 's developers declined an offer by New York Gov. David Paterson to relocate the project to a state-owned site . Earlier this month , the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission unanimously denied landmark status for the building where the proposed Islamic center would stand , allowing the project to move forward . CNN 's Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : The president is not "  backing off " comments he made supporting the proposal , says spokesman NEW : Spokesman responds after Obama tells CNN he will not comment "  on the wisdom " of the project Obama : Muslims have the right to build community center near ground zero The president threw his support behind the project during a White House dinner on Friday
Washington  CNN  -- It won an Academy Award , made people forget "  Gigli " when they think Ben Affleck , and now the movie "  Argo " may even pull off another feat -- help move legislation through Congress . Ex-Iran hostages hope ` Argo ' win boosts quest for reparations The frustrated Foreign Service officer on the phone as the U.S. embassy in Iran was under assault at the beginning of "  Argo " was in real life John Limbert . "  That part of it was quite real . I mean , very much speeded-up but quite real , " Limbert said from his home in suburban Washington . The keepsakes and collages on the walls of Limbert 's study constantly remind him of his harrowing 444 days as a hostage in Iran 34 years ago . Not that he would ever forget . But for most people in America , the Iran hostage crisis was a distant memory until "  Argo " brought it all back . Iran to add lawsuit over ` Argo ' to cinematic response Unlike the six Americans who hid with the Canadian ambassador who were the focus of "  Argo , " Limbert was one of the 52 Americans held -- and tortured -- by Iranians for 14 months . "  I had a gun to my head , I was in solitary for nine months , " recalled Limbert , who said that as a political officer at the embassy , he was not beaten and physically tortured as much as CIA officers were . "  Ten minutes before this happened , I was thinking about what 's going to happen in Iran , what 's going to happen to the left , what 's going to happen to the right , what 's going to happen with the former Shah , what 's going to happen with U.S. relations . All the things that , sort of , all the inside the Beltway stuff that we think about . "  Ten minutes later , all that was gone , " he continued . "  That did n't matter at all , and I thought about only one thing ... Get me out of here . How am I going to get out ? How am I going to get out of here ? And frankly , I did n't care what it took . " He was subjected to the mock executions depicted in "  Argo . " "  They came in at 2 in the morning with , I think , masks and guns , pulled us out together to a place , lined us up against the wall , started chambering rounds into their guns , yelling orders . We did n't know what was going to happen ... I thought we were gone , " Limbert said . When Limbert and his fellow hostages were finally freed on January 20 , 1981 , they learned the U.S. government gave up something big in return : As part of the Algiers Accords agreed to a day earlier , the hostages were barred from suing Iran in U.S. court to seek compensation for their ordeal . Decades of court challenges have gone nowhere and appeals to administrations in both parties have failed . The Obama administration has said it stands by the promise in the Algiers Accords not to sue Iran . Now , Sen.Johnny Isakson , R-Georgia , is pushing legislation to get the former hostages financial reward in a different way . He wants to put a surcharge on fines against companies that violate sanctions against Iran and use that money to create a compensation fund . Isakson says the popularity of "  Argo ' is helping . "  A lot of people have seen it . They understand the abject horror that these people went through . I think most everybody will identify with the crisis and the suffering these people went through , and hopefully it will give us the impetus and the momentum to see to it that all these many years they 're actually compensated for their treatment , " Isakson said . His bill would allow hostages to get $ 10,000 a day for each day of captivity , which comes to $ 4.4 million total for each hostage . Isakson argues that finally compensating the hostages will send a message to Iran and to U.S. personnel around the world , especially after four were killed at the U.S. consulate in Libya . "  It just magnified that our diplomats overseas in harm 's way day in and day out are in constant danger , " Isakson said about the Benghazi attack . "  They need to also know that if they get violated , if they are captured , if they are tortured , that we 'll have their back -- that America will stand strong for them . " After Limbert was freed , he returned to the foreign service for the rest of his career . He knew Ambassador Chris Stevens , who was one of the four killed in Benghazi . "  He was one of our best . What a tragic loss , from him and the others who were there . They need protection . There has to be protection , and also there has to be accountability for what goes on , " he said . Limbert acknowledges that getting compensation from companies that violate sanctions against Iran is not ideal , but says decades of failed attempts to get direct accountability from Iran make him and other former hostages believe it is not in the cards . But he argues Iran needs to get the message once and for all that storming a U.S. Embassy and holding Americans hostage for more than a year has consequences . "  The message has been so far , frankly , has been to the Islamic Republic : You got away with it . You can do these things and there are no consequences . Well , what kind of message does that send on a moral level , on a human level , and on a political level ? If someone can get away with this , they can get away with worse . What kind of a foreign policy do you run ? What kind of a moral policy do you run when people can do something as outrageous as this , as shameful as this , that something violates every principle , not just of international law and conventions ? " Isakson now has a Democratic co-sponsor , Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut , so the effort is now bipartisan . Still , Democratic Senate sources say the legislation will likely need to be tweaked before Senate Foreign Relations Chairman Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , will move it through his committee . For example , $ 4.4 million appears excessive to some lawmakers . But Limbert agrees with Isakson that the climate is now different thanks to "  Argo . " "  Before the film came out and before this renewed interest , we frankly had difficulty getting anyone to listen to our case , " Limbert said . "  We got expressions of sympathy , we got , you know , praise for our bravery , our service to our country . But frankly , that 's not what we were looking for , " he said .	Iran hostage crisis was a distant memory for many until the film ` Argo ' brought it all back 34 years ago , 52 Americans were held and tortured by Iranians for 14 months Ex-hostage : "  I had a gun to my head , I was in solitary for nine months " Bipartisan legislation aims to get compensation for former hostages
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An Israeli think tank with close links to the government has simulated what would happen in the Mideast and internationally if Israel attacked Iran 's nuclear facilities -- and concluded that reaction would be "  in the direction of containment and restraint , " not the trigger for a larger war . The Tel Aviv-based Institute for National Security Studies  INSS  says it held a "  war game " several weeks ago -- when "  it appeared that the fall of 2012 would be a critical period " -- simulating the initial ramifications of Israeli airstrikes on Iran 's nuclear facilities . "  This sense of an imminent decision has since abated somewhat , but after the U.S. and Israeli elections , the question of an attack will undoubtedly resurface , " the think tank says in a report published this week in its online "  INSS Insights . " For its war game , INSS used ex-Israeli diplomats and military officials who played different roles , such as pretending to be the heads of state from Israel , the United States , Russia and Iran , reacting to developments in the first 48 hours after such an attack . The war game was planned and enacted in September -- the same month that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called on the United Nations General Assembly to stop Iran from developing nuclear weapons , holding up a picture of a spherical bomb and drawing a red line below the fuse . In the Institute for National Security Studies ' scenario , Israel informs the United States of its attack plan after its planes are in the air , but the United States later "  stood by Israel 's side and did not expose its differences in opinion with Israel , " the think tank said in its summary of the simulation . While some analysts predict "  the outbreak of World War III " after such an attack , the think tank said the September simulation aimed for a different approach : "  containment and restraint . " "  The intention was not to predict developments , rather to examine the significance and implications of one possible scenario , " the think tank said . "  The players acted very rationally , demonstrating preventive policies and motivated by crucial interests alone . " The Israeli Institute for National Security Studies is based at Tel Aviv University and describes itself on its website as an independent , nonpartisan academic institute but adds that it has "  a strong association with the political and military establishment " in Israel . The think tank 's analysis of its simulation does n't go into details about how Barack Obama or Mitt Romney might respond as U.S. president if Israel attacked Iranian nuclear sites . Iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes , but the program came up in last month 's final presidential debate between the two candidates . "  As long as I 'm president of the United States , Iran will not get a nuclear weapon . I made that clear when I came into office , " Obama said . Romney also said a nuclear-capable Iran was unacceptable , and said he would support tighter sanctions . "  We need to increase pressure time and time again on Iran because anything other than a solution to this ... which stops this nuclear folly of theirs , is unacceptable to America . And of course , a military action is the last resort . It is something one would only consider if all of the other avenues had been tried to their full extent , " the Republican presidential candidate said . Both candidates said the United States would stand by Israel if that country is attacked . CNN 's Michael Schwartz and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	The think tank has close links to Israel 's government and military The "  war game " simulated reaction to an Israeli strike on Iran after U.S. elections The think tank says its scenario developed "  in the direction of containment and restraint "
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A federal judge pleaded guilty Friday to two counts of drug possession and another charge , admitting he had paid a stripper to buy drugs for the two to use together . Senior U.S. District Court Judge Jack Camp Jr. admitted to giving money to a woman to buy drugs , according to prosecutors . He pleaded guilty to two counts of drug possession , federal prosecutors said . He also pleaded guilty to one count of conversion of government property for giving the woman a government-issued laptop . As part of a plea deal , Camp did not plead guilty to a firearms possession charge included in the initial federal complaint . The plea came shortly after Camp , 67 , retired from the judiciary . Federal prosecutors accused Camp of giving Sherry Ann Ramos , 26 , money to buy drugs including cocaine , marijuana and roxicodone , which the two then frequently used together . FBI agents arrested Camp on October 1 after he tried to buy drugs from an undercover officer . Camp 's attorneys issued a statement saying the judge took responsibility for his actions and would spend the next several months trying to understand the "  uncharacteristic nature of his actions . " He will be sentenced March 4 .	A federal judge has pleaded guilty to drug charges Prosecutors say Jack Camp gave a stripper money to buy drugs Camp has resigned from the judiciary
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Fragile finances are likely to rule out buying a boat for many this summer but that should n't mean the end of all water-based pastimes . Underwater scooter : The Seabob Cayago will move you like a fish with its 7hp motor . MainSail presents you with some of the coolest toys for slightly more affordable fun on the water . Seabob Cayago scooter : Do you want to become a human fish this summer ? This water and diving scooter is purported to be the fastest of its kind , with a 7hp electric motor . Hydradome BOB : If you want to take the motorized diving experience to a new level , the Breathing Observation Bubble  BOB  , is the ideal machine . This submersible can cruise underwater at two knots while the rider sits in comfort . Hovpod : For high-speed fun on and off the water , the Hovpod hovercraft should be your gadget of choice . The Hovpod will take you across any flat surface at speeds of up to 45 miles per hour  72 kilometers per hour  . Powerski Jetboard : This machine is a cross between a surfboard and a jet-ski . Capable of up to 35 knots , the Powerski Jetboard lets you surf without the surf . Walk-on-water ball : For cheaper and more simple fun on the water , the Nuclear Globe Walk-on-water ball is perfect . The heavy-duty PVC ball can keep you fit and you can even stay dry if you want to . Iceberg Wall : If you 're entertaining plenty of people , the Iceberg Wall looks like a great time . Coming in either the 2.5 meter or a massive 4.9 meter size , the Iceberg offers safe climbing , sliding and jumping for everyone . See our photo gallery " of this summer 's top six toys for fun in the water , thanks to SuperYachtWorld . For more sailing news and more about the super-yacht industry , visit CNN 's MainSail homepage here . Subscribe to SuperYachtWorld COPYRIGHT © 2009 IPC MEDIA LTD. . ALL RIGHTS RESERVED	MainSail profiles six top water-toys for cheaper fun in the water this summer The Seabob scooter can propel a person through the water like a fish The Iceberg wall is the ultimate water toy for the whole family
Washington  CNN  -- Congressional Republicans pummeled him with questions and accusations , all but accusing him of perjury . But John Koskinen just did n't sit there and take it . The IRS commissioner hit back . This all has unfolded over the past several days with Koskinen enduring two grueling appearances before House committees led by Republicans , who have been aggressively pursuing the controversy over IRS targeting of conservative groups . "  I did n't come out of retirement to play games , " Koskinen told reporters after Monday night 's marathon hearing before the House Oversight Committee . "  I came out of retirement to restore the credibility of the IRS . " He 's new to the top job since the targeting revelations rocked the agency last year , and triggered congressional inquiries . But Koskinen , 74 , a government veteran , is taking the brunt of congressional pressure now after the agency admitted it lost thousands of emails wanted by lawmakers investigating the scandal . Rep. Paul Ryan flat out questioned whether he was being truthful with Congress , and Darrell Issa , the Oversight chairman , called him out for being evasive . "  All the emails we have will be provided . I did not say I would provide you emails that disappeared . If you have a magical way for me to do that , I 'd be happy to know about it , " he said . That answer raised eyebrows in an environment where committee chairman are rarely crossed . E-mails : Ex-IRS official Lois Lerner queried Sen. Chuck Grassley invitation Mixing it up But it looks like Koskinen likes to mix it up , and from all appearances , it looks as if he likes to take the field when the chips are down . Firm , direct and experienced . That about sums up the no nonsense former corporate executive who also held top positions in government and is a big league Democratic political donor . He also does n't really need a job . Financial disclosure papers show his personal wealth may be as high as $ 27 million . The White House described him as a "  retired corporate restructuring expert " before President Barack Obama nominated him to the post last summer . "  John is an expert at turning around institutions in need of reform , " Obama said at the time . "  I am confident that John will do whatever it takes to restore the public 's trust in the agency . " Koskinen went to Duke undergrad and Yale Law School before clerking for a federal judge . He has political chops , too . having worked for a New York mayor , a senator , and was once deputy mayor of Washington during a financial crisis . He had a critical role in preparing for Y-2-K , and headed mortgage giant Freddie Mac when its troubles were spinning out of control . He also helped manage two government shutdowns in 1995 when he worked in Clinton 's White House budget office . Larry Hirsch , a former Freddie Mac board member , told CBS that Koskinen boosted morale as the agency struggled to survive . "  Obviously after the financial crisis , the company was in internal and external crisis , " Hirsch said after Obama nominated Koskinen for the IRS job . "  John walked in and immediately handled what was happening with the company . He had the quiet strength and openness to take a very depressed management team and employee group to give them the confidence they were valued and the company had a future . " ` Unflappable ' and ` honest ' Koskinen also served on the board of trustees at Duke University from 1985 to 1998 and chaired the board 's business and finance committee during the tenure of then-University President Keith Brodie . Brodie , who is also a psychiatry professor , said he spent a lot of time working with Koskinen during difficult financial times at the university and called Koskinen "  remarkably talented . " And although congressional Republicans are questioning his integrity , Brodie said Koskinen was a "  very , very honest guy " and steady . "  He was quite unflappable back then and really a joy to work with , " Brodie said . Beating back accusations While Koskinen could plunge a Duke University boardroom into a deferential silence , Congress is a very different animal . By the end of his question time on Monday , a dissatisfied Issa proclaimed : "  I 've lost my patience with you . " But Koskinen kept his cool . Rep. Michael Turner , a Ohio Republican , tried to push Koskinen to say whether a crime had been committed amid the IRS scandal . Turner pushed back after Koskinen said he had not seen any evidence of a crime or any evidence for any number of other things relating to the lost emails belonging to former top IRS official Lois Lerner . "  We have no evidence whether she  Lerner  beat her dog , whether she beat children , " Koskinen said . But then Turner questioned Koskinen 's integrity when he said he would not call the FBI to investigate the agency . "  I reject the suggestion that my integrity depends on my calling the FBI , " Koskinen said , and later said there were "  no facts " behind Turner 's criminal accusations . He later said he had n't seen any evidence of "  wrongdoing " in the loss of Lerner 's emails , triggering more Republican incredulity . Fed official : IRS did not follow the law IRS blasted over lost hard drive Key questions about the controversy	IRS chief testifies following revelations the agency lost thousands of emails "  I do n't believe you , " Rep. Paul Ryan told John Koskinen at a hearing "  I did n't come out of retirement to play games , " Koskinen said afterward Koskinen has a reputation for honesty , toughness , but is also unflappable
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Charles made a heartfelt appeal Thursday for the world to come together to end the "  appalling trade " annihilating threatened wildlife such as elephants and tigers in Africa and Asia . His speech at the London Conference on the Illegal Wildlife Trade called for high-level action by world leaders to be matched by action on the ground to stop the demand for illegal products and punish those involved in the trade . The conference was the culmination of a week of events aimed at galvanizing efforts to halt the slaughter of endangered animals for their bones , hides or tusks -- much in demand in parts of Asia . In a declaration agreed to at the end of the summit , leaders pledged to strengthen enforcement to protect animals at risk of poaching , to impose tougher sanctions on all those involved in the illegal wildlife trade , and to address related corruption and bribery . They also agreed to destroy stockpiles of seized wildlife products -- an issue which has been contentious in the past . Prince Charles in his speech praised the United States , China and France for having recently destroyed substantial stockpiles of seized ivory . John G. Robinson , chief conservationist for the Wildlife Conservation Society , welcomed the declaration , saying it "  sends a strong message across the globe : Wildlife trafficking is a serious crime , on a global scale , and must be tackled at all levels as a matter of urgency . "  The declaration calls for a global crackdown on wildlife crime and on the corruption and organized criminal activities that feed it . " Forest elephants decimated The conference was held as new figures from the Bronx Zoo-based Wildlife Conservation Society revealed that a massive 65 % of forest elephants in Central Africa were lost to poaching between 2002 and 2013 . Based on research across 80 sites in five countries , a study shows that forest elephants are being killed for their ivory at "  a shocking 9 % per year , " the conservation group said . As a result , they occupy only about a quarter of the area they once roamed -- with the forests of the huge Democratic Republic of the Congo notably almost empty of elephants . Researcher Fiona Maisels , a co-author of the study , said that at least 200,000 forest elephants were lost between 2002 and 2013 , "  to the tune of at least 60 a day , or one every 20 minutes , day and night . " She added , "  By the time you eat breakfast , another elephant has been slaughtered to produce trinkets for the ivory market . " Prince : Dire situation in Africa Charles said he had been approached a little over a year ago by a group of presidents from Africa who made an impassioned plea for help . "  The situation they described was indeed dire , " he said . "  The scale of the poaching crisis their countries were facing had reached unimaginable heights . Organized gangs , terrorist groups and militia were slaughtering ever greater numbers of elephants for their ivory and rhinoceros for their horns . " Now , the forests and savannahs are "  frighteningly silent , " he said , and without elephants to aid in seed germination , the long-term ecology of many forests is "  fatally disrupted . " The problem of poaching is not just in Africa , he said , since wildlife in Asia , particularly India , is also being decimated . The leaders gathered in London will sign a declaration that includes new pledges to tackle the demand for and consumption of illegally traded wildlife products , Charles said . "  Most recently , demand from Asia -- particularly China -- has fueled the trade , but we also know that the United States and Europe are contributing to it , " he said . At the same time , he said , recent initiatives taken around the world to destroy seized ivory , curb consumption of shark fin soup and protect snow leopards showed that concerted action could work . UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said the issue was an unprecedented crisis that demanded a global response . "  But this is not just an environmental crisis , " he said . "  This is now a global criminal industry , ranked alongside drugs , arms and people trafficking . It drives corruption and insecurity , and undermines efforts to cut poverty and promote sustainable development , particularly in African countries . " U.S. market for ivory called second biggest With the issue taking center stage , U.S. President Barack Obama signed off this week on a "  National Strategy for Combating Wildlife Trafficking , " which sets out ways to stem the illegal trade . Its stated priorities are to strengthen enforcement , reduce demand for illegally trafficked wildlife and work more closely with international partners . U.S. Humane Society President Wayne Pacelle welcomed the step in a blog post Wednesday , but he said the group was still working toward the prohibition of all ivory trade in the country . The United States is the second largest ivory marketplace worldwide , after China , he said , in part because it 's still legal to trade in "  antique " ivory more than 100 years old and non-elephant ivory , such as mammoth ivory . "  Traffickers claim that ivory from recently poached elephants is antique , and they dye it to make it look old and forge documents to substantiate their claim . Or they traffic elephant ivory as ` mammoth ivory ' or some other ivory-bearing species because those are not protected by law , " he wrote . It 's almost impossible for members of the public or enforcement officers to tell the old from the new , Pacelle said , which "  adds up to a robust legal and illegal trade of ivory " in the United States , particularly in Hawaii . "  It 's just not worth putting elephants at risk in order to preserve a limited trade in antique ivory or ivory imported before certain dates , " he said . "  People can live without it , and we know that even a modest amount of trade is likely to lead to widespread killing of elephants . " CNN 's Ingrid Formanek contributed to this report .	NEW : Leaders agree to global steps to combat illegal wildlife trade at London summit NEW : They promise tougher penalties and destruction of stockpiles of ivory , wildlife products Study : 65 % of forest elephants in Central Africa were lost to poaching from 2002 to 2013 Researcher : By the time you eat breakfast , another elephant has been slaughtered for trinkets
Coastal Living  -- Until recently , only soldiers could take full advantage of this place . They got to wander the bluffs above the Pacific , with unforgettable views of rugged cliffs , hidden beaches and a sea-green bay rimmed by mountains . The Golden Gate Bridge anchors one leg on the Presidio 's shores . Today , everyone can see the Presidio up close . And they can do something former residents of the army barracks could never imagine -- stroll a few steps for café au lait or a Swedish massage . The area brims with lively , new restaurants , distinctive architecture and the same panoramas once reserved for gunmen perched in their sky-high batteries . The makeover has been a work in progress for years . The Spanish first developed the military post in 1776 , and in 1846 the U.S. Army moved in . In 1994 , the National Park Service took over , and the Presidio slowly became green space in San Francisco 's front yard . Almost twice the size of New York 's Central Park , the 1,491 acres of sprawling eucalyptus forests and waterfront blot out urban bustle . "  It 's so peaceful and serene . It 's hard to believe you 're in the heart of the city , " says the Presidio Trust 's Dana Polk , the park 's administrator . CoastalLiving.com : Restaurants in San Francisco 's Presidio To begin your tour , grab a map at the visitors center  located at the former Officer 's Club  . Hidden treasures -- a breathtaking golf course , secluded beaches -- are scattered among the park 's nooks and crannies . The Golden Gate , which anchors one leg on the Presidio 's shores , is probably the park 's most famous site , but the Victorians , Mission Revivals , and 470 other historic military structures rank a close second . Coastal defense batteries dating from the late 1800s dot the shoreline . Twenty-four miles of hiking and biking trails wind through sun-dappled woods and edge sea cliffs . Baker Beach , and its in-your-face view of the world 's most photographed bridge , is perfect for picnics . But be warned : The northern end of the beach is also popular for clothing-optional sunbathing . For top-notch  clothed  people-watching , wander former airstrip Crissy Field 's waterfront promenade . CoastalLiving.com : California 's Coastal Parks In the most recent phase of the Presidio 's transformation , businesses have been moving into its historic spaces . The meticulously preserved structures , with terra-cotta roofs and creamy stucco exteriors , now house hip eateries and other draws , including a spa . More restaurants are on the way . Tom Bensel plans to open his popular French bistro , Left Bank , in the Presidio this spring . "  Where else can you drink a glass of organic wine in an old airplane hangar ? " he asks . Even George Lucas pays rent here . A 3-foot statue of Yoda guards his film company 's headquarters . If the Jedi Master does n't put a smile on your face , this should : Walking among the aromatic cypress and drifting fog , remember that until a few decades ago , only soldiers had it this good . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright © Coastal Living , 2009	The Spanish first developed the Presidio in 1776 In 1846 the U.S. Army moved in Recently businesses have been moving into its historic spaces
Paris  CNN  -- A court in France has rejected a bid by lawyers to have charges against Dominique Strauss-Kahn dropped over his alleged participation in a prostitution ring , a court official said . The decision of the court in Douai that the investigation -- in what is known in France as the "  Carlton affair " -- will continue follows a string of criminal cases in which the former chief of the International Monetary Fund had managed to put sexual misconduct claims behind him . A lawyer for Strauss-Kahn , Henri Leclerc , told CNN that the defense planned to appeal the court 's decision . The scandals sidelined the onetime French finance minister 's prospects of becoming France 's next president . Read more : Strauss-Kahn , accuser settle lawsuit Strauss-Kahn does not deny that he attended sex parties at the Hotel Carlton in the northern city of Lille . But , his lawyers said , he did not know that the young women at the parties were being paid for sex . So , to charge Strauss-Kahn with aggravated pimping is "  unhealthy , sensationalist and not without a political agenda , " his lawyers argued . But on Wednesday , a court in Douai ruled the charges will stand , said Guillaume Maigret , general secretary of the court . Frederique Baulieu , a lawyer for Strauss-Kahn , told CNN affiliate BFM-TV outside the court that the defense 's request for annulment of the case had been well founded . "  We will continue -- we are certain that Dominique Strauss-Kahn will be cleared of all of the accusations that were made against him , " she said . "  The one thing I can tell you is that today 's decision is not a judicial victory . " Read more : Prosecutor drops Strauss-Kahn ` gang rape ' probe Strauss-Khan , a 63-year-old economist , was widely expected to become the Socialist presidential candidate -- until his professional career imploded with an arrest in New York in May 2011 . A New York hotel housekeeper , Nafissatou Diallo , told police that a naked Strauss-Kahn emerged from a room of his spacious luxury hotel suite and tried to force himself on her , at one point dragging her into the bathroom and trying to remove her underwear . Strauss-Kahn alleged the encounter was consensual , but stepped down from his $ 500,000 job at the IMF . Read more : Police : Strauss-Kahn inquiry includes gang rape allegations A grand jury indicted him on seven counts , including sexual abuse and attempted rape , but prosecutors later dropped the charges after concluding Diallo had lied about some details of the alleged attack -- despite forensic evidence that showed a sexual encounter had occurred . Diallo then sued Strauss-Kahn . The two sides reached a settlement last week , the details of which have not been disclosed . Earlier , in October , a French prosecutor dropped an investigation connecting Strauss-Kahn to a possible gang rape in Washington . The young Belgian woman whose testimony was the basis for the inquiry withdrew her previous statement and said she would not press charges , leaving the investigation with no grounds to continue , officials said . Strauss-Kahn also faced allegations of attempted rape from a young French writer . Tristane Banon filed a complaint , alleging a 2003 attack . But prosecutors said the case could not be pursued because of a statute of limitations . Strauss-Kahn denied the allegations and has since filed a countersuit in France , alleging slander . CNN 's Niki Cook reported from Paris , and Stephanie Halasz and Laura Smith-Spark from London .	NEW : Dominique Strauss-Kahn will appeal the court ruling , his lawyer says French court rules that probe into Strauss-Kahn will continue His lawyers say he did n't know that women at sex parties were paid Earlier this month , he settled a civil suit with a New York hotel maid
Hajar Hamdan lives with her mother , sister and her sister 's two children in the concrete jungle of Deheishe refugee camp near Bethlehem in the West Bank . Yet Hamdan is growing enough vegetables on her roof to feed her family and pass the surplus on to her neighbors . Hamdan 's family is one of 15 in Deheishe to have a greenhouse on their roof as part of a project which is now being extended to other Palestinian refugee camps . Money is tight with no wage-earners in the household , so Hamdan is grateful for the money she saves on vegetables . "  It saves a lot of money and it 's great to practice being a farmer , " said Hamdan . "  It makes me happy working inside our greenhouse . "  We grow tomatoes , cucumbers , green beans , aubergines and zucchini . My neighbors often come round asking if we have any to spare , which makes me very popular . "  And it tastes so much better because there are no chemicals . " The rooftop greenhouse project was launched in April by Karama , an NGO based in Deheishe that works with women and children . Deheishe , established in 1949 on 0.3 square kilometers , is home to 13,000 people , a third of whom are unemployed , according to the United Nations Reliefs and Works Agency for Palestinian Refugees . Luay Abdul Ghafar , the greenhouse project manager , said : "  We have no green spaces and a bad economic situation . Most people are from families with a farming background who no longer have contact with the land . "  The idea of the project is to help people in their economic life and at the same time renew their contact with the land . " He said the first season had been a success , with most families growing enough vegetables to feed themselves with some leftover for neighbors . Ghafar said goods imported to the West Bank go through Israel and are sold at Israeli prices , which means fruit and vegetables are expensive for most Palestinians , who have much lower incomes . He estimated that many save a quarter of their overall monthly budget by growing their own fruit and vegetables . The first greenhouses were paid for through a donation made by a Palestinian American woman . A further set paid for by the United Nations have been erected in nearby Aida refugee camp . Now Karama is talking to larger NGOs about expanding the project further afield . "  We are going to have 65 greenhouses soon ... we would like to keep giving them to as many families as we can , " said Ghafar . At least 18 % of West Bank residents live below the poverty line , according to the CIA World Factbook . He said the scheme was administered by women , to help them achieve a better status in their families and communities . Families were chosen to take part according to their need , having enough sun on their roofs and being willing and keen on agriculture , said Ghafar . "  We are thinking about making a collective association so people can sell the vegetables they have leftover at a cheap price to benefit other people as well , " he added . Ghafar said some people were initially skeptical about the greenhouses because some had previously tried to grow vegetables directly on their roofs , but the soil had destroyed their homes . "  Our challenge was to convince people to understand the greenhouses and that the soil would n't be directly on their roofs , " he said . Hamdan said she was one of those initially skeptical , but had no doubts once she saw the difference it made to her life . "  In the beginning I did n't think it would work , " she said . "  But once I tried it I saw it was a good idea and would encourage anyone to have a greenhouse . "	Palestinians have farming history but no land to grow produce , says NGO Rooftop greenhouses save families money on fruit and vegetables Scheme is being expanded to more refugee camps
CNN  -- Defending champions Egypt became the second team to qualify for the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations with a 2-0 victory over Mozambique in Angola on Saturday night . The six-time champions are guaranteed to finish top of Group C after a second successive victory , and join the Ivory Coast in the last eight . Nigeria kept alive their hopes of reaching the knockout stages after edging past Benin 1-0 in Saturday 's earlier Group C tie , bouncing back from their opening 3-1 defeat by the Pharaohs four days ago . In a game of few clear-cut chances at the Estadio do Benguelam , Egypt took the lead two minutes after halftime when Mozambique defender Dario Khan turned a low right-wing cross from Hosni Abd Rabo into his own net despite no attacking players in his near vicinity . Mozambique 's veteran playmaker Tico Tico squandered a golden opportunity to equalize , while teammate Almiro Lobo had a 58th-minute effort ruled out for offside in a very tight ruling from the match officials . Substitute Mohamed Gedo sealed Egypt 's victory nine minutes from time with a superb opportunist effort , volleying home from the edge of the penalty after flicking the ball up when Emad Moteab 's deflected pass fell kindly to him . To qualify for the next round , Mozambique , who drew their first match 2-2 , must beat Nigeria on Wednesday and hope that Egypt do not lose to Benin . Nigeria 's Super Eagles can go through with a draw after Aiyegbeni Yakubu 's first-half penalty was enough to beat bottom nation Benin in Benguela . The Everton striker should have scored as early as the 15th minute when he shot wide when clean through on goal , and Benin almost took the lead six minutes before halftime when Stephane Sessegnon hit the crossbar . However , Yakubu made amends three minutes later from the spot after Romuald Boco handled Peter Odemwingie 's goal-bound header . The Squirrels were again denied by the woodwork after the break when Sessegnon set up Nouihoum Kobena , while Nigeria had two second-half chances to double their lead . Goalkeeper Rachad Chitou came off his line to deny substitute striker Victor Obinna , while Chinedu Obasi Ogbuke headed wide from close range .	Egypt become second team to qualify for Africa Cup of Nations quarterfinals Defending champions beat Mozambique 2-0 for second successive victory in Group C Nigeria keep hopes alive with 1-0 win over Benin thanks to Yakubu 's penalty The Super Eagles face Mozambique on Wednesday to determine who else qualifies
Ever since H. G. Wells ' trailblazing novel "  The Time Machine , " time travel has been a staple of science fiction . The idea of traveling through time is deeply fascinating : you get into a machine , press a few buttons , and step out not just somewhere else , but "  somewhen " else . It 's easy to imagine , but can it really be done ? Yes it can , at least in a limited sense . Over a century ago , Albert Einstein showed that time is intrinsically elastic , capable of being stretched or shrunk by motion . Fly from London to New York and back , and you will leap a split second into the future of stay-at-home Londoners . The effect can easily be measured using atomic clocks and involves only billionths of a second -- too brief for a person to notice , and hardly the stuff of "  Doctor Who " television series-style adventures . Read more : Scientists -- particles appear to travel faster than light But time stretching can be magnified by increasing the speed . Close to the speed of light  about 300,000 kilometers per second  , time warps become startling . Fly to the star Vega , 25 light years away , and back again at 99 % of the speed of light , and when you return to Earth in 2062 , you will have experienced only seven years travel time in the spacecraft . In effect , you will have leaped 42 years into Earth 's future . So travel into the future is not only possible , we have done it , although so far in only paltry amounts . How about going back in time ? That is far more problematic and remains an active area of research . Einstein found that not only speed affects time , gravity does too . Time runs a little bit faster on the roof , where gravity is imperceptibly weaker , than in the basement , for example . A really big time warp requires an intense gravitational field . Black holes are the best ; near their surfaces time is slowed almost to a standstill relative to us . Indeed , black holes are black because outgoing light is trapped in slow motion . However , hanging out near a black hole is not only dangerous , it still only represents travel into the future ; it gets you to the future quicker . Getting to the past requires something even weirder than a black hole -- a wormhole . Read more : The great time travel debate Wormholes in space are shortcuts linking distant points -- a bit like that other sci-fi favorite , the star gate . Leap through one and you might come out on the other side of the galaxy a few minutes later . If wormholes exist , they could be adapted to make time machines that send you into the future if you traverse them in one direction , but into the past if you go in the other direction . Like a black hole , a wormhole would be a massive gravitational space and time warping object . But whereas a black hole represents a one-way journey to nowhere -- jump in and you can never get out -- a wormhole has an exit as well as an entrance . Do wormholes exist ? Black holes certainly do , but nobody has yet glimpsed any sign of its cousin , the wormhole . Furthermore , some physicists are so uneasy about their potential for being portals to the past that they flat-out reject the very idea . The problem concerns those familiar time travel paradoxes , like going back in time and murdering your mother before you were born . Physicists call these causal loop paradoxes , and they affront our desire for the universe to be a rational and ordered system . If cause and effect get muddled up in time , what does that do for our notions of reality ? Read more : ` Looper 's ' potential for real world time travel In spite of these misgivings , there is nothing in Einstein 's theory of space , time and gravitation to forbid journeying into the past , a possibility that Einstein himself hated . Not only wormholes , but several other mechanisms have been found that , according to Einstein 's theory , can be used to travel back in time . All these proposals suffer from the problem of extreme impracticality , though . Building a human-sized wormhole , for example , would require harnessing vast amounts of peculiar quantum field energy and deploying gravitational stabilizing technology that would need the resources of a cosmic super-civilization . For many scientists , however , it is the principle that counts , not the practical engineering . And here there is an intriguing possibility . Few physicists think Einstein had the last word on gravitation , and some modern extensions of his work make an extraordinary prediction . The Large Hadron Collider -- the giant accelerating machine that created the Higgs boson -- might just make a tiny wormhole for long enough that its time-bending effects could be glimpsed .	Nearly 100 years ago , Albert Einstein showed that motion could stretch or shrink time Fly from London to NYC and back and you leap forward a split second , Paul Davies says He says a big time warp requires an intense gravitational field , such as a black hole Going back in time would require a "  wormhole , " which he says is possible in principle
CNN  -- If you want to use Facebook a little more like Snapchat , you might soon get your chance . The social-media giant is testing a feature that would let users set a time for their status updates to disappear . A Facebook spokesman said the feature is part of a "  small pilot " and is available only for certain people using Facebook 's iOS app . Several users reported noticing the test on their iPhones . One post on Twitter showed a list of expiration options ranging from one hour to seven days . It 's not the first time Facebook has tried to emulate emerging social media services designed to be used in the moment without leaving a permanent digital mark . In 2012 , Facebook toyed with the concept with a standalone app , Poke . Apparently coded in part by CEO Mark Zuckerberg himself , the effort was described as something of a lark over a holiday weekend . It was shut down this year and replaced by Slingshot , a similar app on which short-lived messages show up only once two users have sent them to each other . The ephemeral has become increasingly alluring in the social-media world , particularly among younger users , in the past couple of years . The runaway success of Snapchat , which lets you send photos , texts or videos that disappear in a matter of seconds , has led the way . The scheduled deletions on Facebook , as being considered , obviously have a longer shelf life than a few seconds . Users might also want to delete updates that would no longer be of use after a short time , i.e. "  I 'll be in Atlanta until noon tomorrow " or "  I have two tickets for tonight 's concert . Who wants to go ? "	Facebook users might be able to schedule expiration times for their posts Facebook says it 's doing a small test of the feature Delete times would range from one hour to seven days
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Julius Derico Jr. did n't need to travel to the Vietnam Memorial Wall in Washington to pay tribute to his fallen comrade -- the first casualty of his unit in Vietnam . Users can search the digitized Vietnam War Memorial Wall for details about soldiers who died . As he huddled around a computer with other veterans , he searched for his friend 's name in a newly digitized version of the Wall . While it 's just one of the Wall 's 58,320 names , Derico said he hopes people understand that it represents something more than just an inscription . The virtual Wall , a project created by the National Archives and Footnote.com , brings the memorial to millions of American homes . The Web site , unveiled last week , links names to casualty reports , historical documents and digital photographs , and allows users to leave online tributes to those who died . See the new project be unveiled in Washington " To create the digital image , photographers used more than 6,000 photographs of the Wall , which measures about 460 feet wide . Ten Vietnam veterans at an American Legion Post 911 in Atlanta , Georgia , gathered to test the online Wall for CNN.com . They said they believe the new Wall gives a face to each of the names , and helps keep their memories alive . See veterans react to the virtual memorial " "  We can use that to help console people ... To help people realize that ... they are gone but they are not forgotten , " Derico said . "  We can show it to you -LSB- online -RSB- . Your brother , your sister ... They 're still there ; they are being thought of and they are being treated with due respect . " Derico will never forget . The thought of that first death in his unit still chokes him up . David Perkett was killed one night when a fellow soldier accidentally discharged his weapon . At the age of 20 , Derico had to identify the body . It was not prepped . It was not cleaned . His comrade was covered in dried blood . "  It was devastating , " Derico said , visibly shaken . As some people searched the virtual Wall for people they knew , others shouted names from across the room , hoping someone would enter a search in the computer . Some only knew the first names and hoped to match them with the database by unit or hometown . As they found more names , the group grew in size , huddling closer together as they read the casualty report of the latest name . For Robert Love , who served in Vietnam as a mechanic , being able to view the Wall with fellow comrades gives the memorial new meaning . As he used the online version , he reflected on a trip to Washington , where he visited the Wall . "  I had so many different emotions ; and then after a while , as you begin to look at the names on the wall , it overwhelms you , " he said . "  Then you realize that you could be up there , but by the grace of God you are n't . " As he sat with his fellow servicemen Friday , reflecting on the war and sharing memories of those who died , some of the pain eased . See how users are turning the wall into a personal scrapbook " As they located familiar names and learned more about them , the group 's excitement grew . Everyone agreed that other veterans should know about the site , and they agreed to spread the word . Some suggested including the site Stand Down -- an event that helps homeless and indigent veterans by providing them with food , clothing and other necesseties . So many veterans end up with no home , no benefits , no money and drug problems , Love said . Many are simply stuck in a cycle , unable to let go of the horror of war . "  War is hell . There 's no other way to put it . And when an individual goes into a situation where he or she takes the life of another individual , it 's devastating and you never really get over it , " he said . "  At times , when you go to sleep at night , you see just like you were there . You wake up in a cold sweat -- scared ; and after so long it starts wearing on your body . " "  It 's an excellent opportunity for them to come in and look back on what happened to them in Vietnam , " Derico said . "  For them to look back on the people they lost in Vietnam . And guess what ? It may even shock them to the extent that they come back to reality . " E-mail to a friend	Digital Vietnam Wall memorial lets users search , leave tributes , add photos Wall was a collaboration between National Archives , Footnote.com Veterans see it as a way to add your voice to history , leave memories Local veterans hope to use site to help veterans get back on their feet
Hong Kong  CNN  Student leaders will meet with Hong Kong government representatives Tuesday , the first time the two sides have met since pro-democracy protesters took to the streets of the city more than three weeks ago . But while the talks present the best chance for a peaceful resolution to the chaotic demonstrations that have convulsed the city and divided its residents , they are unlikely to yield major concessions given that the government and protest leaders remain poles apart . "  The start of talks is not an end in itself , " said Anson Chan , a former senior government official . "  Only the government can break the current impasse . It must show the leadership that has been totally lacking in the past three weeks , by coming to the table with proposals that offer genuine and substantial reform . " But this seems unlikely . Beijing unlikely to budge Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung has said repeatedly that he would not step down -- a key demand of protesters . Nor , Leung has said , is Beijing unlikely to budge on its prescription for electoral reform in the city and offer the kind of democracy protesters are seeking . Even the moderator of the talks , Lingnan University President Leonard Cheng , warned not to expect too much : "  I 'm not going to speculate at all about whether there will be a resolution , " he said on Monday , adding that this would not be the only round of talks . Five representatives from the Hong Kong Federation of Students including Alex Chow , the group 's secretary general , and his deputy Lester Shum will meet with Chief Secretary Carrie Lam , Hong Kong 's second in command , Justice Secretary Rimsky Yuen and three other senior government officials or advisers . The talks begin at 6 p.m. local time and will be broadcast live from The Hong Kong Academy of Medicine in an event that will likely have the city 's seven million residents gripped . Some say they will hold viewing parties and the talks will be live-streamed to crowds on big screens set up in some areas -- including Mong Kok , a busy commercial district that has seen some of the most violent confrontations between demonstrators , police and residents that oppose the protests . Poor ca n't be trusted ? On Monday , Leung offered a controversial defense of Beijing 's plan for elections in the financial capital , telling foreign media that an open nomination process would give the city 's poorest residents greater influence over the political system . "  You have to take care of all the sectors in Hong Kong as much as you can , " he said , according to the New York Times . "  And if it 's entirely a numbers game and numeric representation , then obviously you would be talking to half of the people in Hong Kong who earn less than $ 1,800 a month . "  Then you would end up with that kind of politics and policies . " His comments are likely to rankle the protesters and their sympathizers given Hong Kong 's yawning wealth gap and a widespread perception that the current system of government is stacked against ordinary citizens . Wiggle room One possible concession the government could make to immediately defuse tensions would be to re-open Civil Square -- a fenced off courtyard outside central government headquarters that students stormed at the end of September , triggering the unprecedented protests . There is also still some possibility of give-and-take on electoral reform , such as allowing more democrats on the nomination committee or by promising to introduce greater democracy in elections slated in 2022 . The framework proposed for the election of the city 's next leader in 2017 will allow registered voters to select their leader , although candidates must be approved by a committee that critics say will be stacked with Beijing loyalists and not be representative of Hong Kong . Currently , the chief executive is elected by a specially-appointed 1,200-member election committee . However , even if the talks yield concrete concessions , there is no guarantee that the protesters on the streets will go home . There are several protest groups and it 's not always clear who calls the shots or whether Hong Kong 's young protesters will listen . "  I would want C.Y. to step down and for the government to show that they are sincere , " protester Janice Tung told CNN . CNN 's Esther Pang , Anjali Tsui , Paula Newton , Pamela Boykoff and CNN Money 's Charles Riley contributed to this report .	Student leaders will meet with Hong Kong government representatives on Tuesday evening It 's the first time the two sides have met since pro-democracy protesters took to the streets Talks best chance for peaceful end to protests that have convulsed the city However , few expect major concessions .
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Billionaire Warren Buffett has been thinking about the inequities in the U.S. tax system at least since June 2007 . I know this because , during PBS ' Democratic presidential debate in which I served on a panel of journalists , I asked the eight Democrats , including Barack Obama , what they thought of comments Buffett had made about the unfairness of a tax system where his secretary paid a higher percentage of her income in taxes than he did . I asked Obama if he agreed with Buffett that the rich were n't paying their fair share , and what he would do about it . "  There 's no doubt that the tax system has been skewed , " Obama answered . "  But I think this goes to a broader question , and that is , are we willing to make the investments in genuine equal opportunity in this country ? "  People are n't looking for charity , and one of the distressing things sometimes when we have a conversation about race in America is that we talk about welfare and we talk about poverty , but what people really want is fairness , " he said . "  They want people paying their fair share of taxes . " I 'll co-sign the last part . People should pay their fair share , and that clearly is n't happening . It 's true that , at the macro level , the wealthiest people collectively pay most of the taxes in this country . But it 's also true that , at the micro level , individual taxpayers in the upper income brackets often take advantage of tax laws that allow them to pay a lower percentage of their income in taxes than everyday Americans . This does n't make the wealthy bad people . But it does make for a bad system . It 's no wonder that public opinion polls consistently show that Americans want the rich to pay more . This week , a Gallup Poll found that 70 % of respondents favor raising taxes on some corporations by eliminating certain tax deductions and 66 % favor increasing income taxes on individuals earning at least $ 200,000 a year and families earning at least $ 250,000 . Now , under what it is being called the Buffett Rule , the White House wants to give people what they want . Framing it as an attempt at deficit reduction , the administration is proposing a new minimum rate for people earning more than $ 1 million a year , all to help make sure they pay at least the same percentage of their income as middle-class Americans . Predictably , conservatives reacted with howls of protest and accused Obama of engaging in class warfare . Obama responded , "  This is not class warfare . It 's math . " Actually , it 's neither . It 's election year gimmickry that stands no chance of going anywhere with a Republican-controlled House of Representatives . Obama knows that , and that 's why he considers it safe to propose such a plan now rather than in the first half of his administration when the House was in the hands of Democrats . Why did n't he propose it then ? I think it 's because it might actually have become law , and then the Democrats would have owned this new tax policy and have had to answer to voters in future elections . This way , Obama gets to excite the base in time for his re-election campaign with a proposal that wo n't go anywhere , without having to pay a political price . As for the Buffett Rule itself , it is n't a bad idea . But it is n't a particularly good one either . The current system , the one Buffett complains about , is inequitable . But the Obama plan would just flip the inequity so the wealthy pay more . We would go from overburdening the middle class to putting the burden on the rich . That would preserve the progressive tax rates , but it would n't be progress . The answer lies in a third way : a fairer , flatter tax that lets all Americans pay the same percentage of their income in taxes . Maybe it would be 15 % . Or 17 % . Or 20 % . The specifics are n't as important as the concept . About 15 or 20 years ago , you could hear support for that idea from conservative Republicans like the late Jack Kemp , the former congressman and 1996 GOP vice presidential nominee , and billionaire Steve Forbes , who ran for president in 1996 and 2000 . Fiscal conservatives liked a flat tax because they thought it was wrong to punish overachievers who earn a lot of money with confiscatory tax rates , and they saw it as a way of making the tax system more equitable . Conservatives were right back then . Yet , they 're wrong now to defend the current system . The White House does n't have the right solution . But there is no point in denying the problem . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr. .	Ruben Navarrette : Gallup Poll finds majority favor raising taxes on corporations and the rich "  Buffett Rule " would set minimum tax rate for people earning more than $ 1 million a year Navarrette says this is an election gimmick because Obama knows it wo n't pass Navarrette : In a fair system , everyone would pay the same percentage of income in taxes
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Nearly a year after surviving a plane crash in South Carolina , disc jockey Adam "  DJ AM " Goldstein was found dead in his New York apartment Friday afternoon , his publicist said . He was 36 . Adam "  DJ AM " Goldstein was one of two people who survived a 2008 plane crash in South Carolina . "  The circumstances surrounding his death are unclear , " his publicist , Jenni Weinman , said in a statement confirming the performer 's death . "  Out of respect for his family and loved ones , please respect their privacy at this time . " Goldstein was found unconscious and unresponsive in his lower Manhattan apartment Friday afternoon , New York police said . The cause of death would be determined by medical examiners , but "  there is no criminality suspected at this time , " a police statement reported . Goldstein and Travis Barker , the drummer for rock band Blink-182 , were the only survivors of a September plane crash in South Carolina that left both critically injured . Four others aboard the plane were killed when the Learjet skidded off a runway during takeoff from Columbia . Watch more about his career " "  Daily I live with the guilt and grief of what happened that night , what I saw , who was lost and why I was spared , " he wrote in a December post on his Web site . "  I have no words to express the pain that comes with knowing four people died , while I lived . " In addition to spinning beats at clubs and festivals , Goldstein was known for dating reality-TV star Nicole Richie and singer-actress Mandy Moore . "  I am absolutely heartbroken , " Moore said in a statement . "  For those of us lucky enough to have known him , Adam radiated a contagious exuberance for life and also personified the very definition of a true friend . To say that he will be missed beyond words is an understatement . My heart goes out to his loved ones . " iReport.com : DJ AM "  bridged communities " At the time of his death , he had been working on an MTV show about drug addiction that had been scheduled to debut in October . Goldstein himself had been a crack cocaine addict who said he wanted the show to help others recover . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Adam "  DJ AM " Goldstein was found unconscious in his apartment There is no criminality suspected at this time , " police say in statement "  The circumstances surrounding his death are unclear , " Goldstein 's publicist says He was one of two survivors of a September plane crash in South Carolina
CNN  Confucius said : "  Study the past if you would define the future . " In Iraq , the past is glorious and long . This is where the world 's first cities were built and where writing and organized government were first developed more than 5,000 years ago . This is the land that gave the world its first great literary work -- the Epic of Gilgamesh , king of the city of Uruk -- over 1,000 years before Homer , and over 2,000 years before Christ . ISIS , like so many iconoclastic extremist groups through history , seeks to destroy the record of the past . In the past week , video has circulated showing neatly dressed figures wielding rather new-looking sledgehammers and destroying archaeological objects in the Mosul Museum . The spectacle would be ridiculous and pathetic if it were not so tragic . Although there are suggestions that some objects destroyed are only copies , many are said to be unique and irreplaceable objects that had survived thousands of years -- until now . ISIS has been busy trying to damage the famed Nergal Gate entry to the ancient city of Nineveh -- a city with a history reaching back thousands of years -- and most recently it is reportedly bulldozing the site of Nimrud , capital of the 9th-century B.C. Assyrian King Ashurnasirpal II , and source of the famed Nimrud ivories . These ivories were first cleaned by none other than Agatha Christie while accompanying her archaeologist husband , Max Mallowan , during his excavation . All attacks on archaeological sites and artifacts are brutal assaults on our collective human memory . They deprive us of the evidence of human endeavors and achievements . The destruction eloquently speaks of the human folly and senseless violence that drives ISIS . The terror group is destroying the evidence of the great history of Iraq ; it has to , as this history attests to a rich alternative to its barbaric nihilism . Worse , these acts of destruction supposedly in the name of religion are dishonest and hypocritical : the same ISIS also is busy looting archaeological sites to support its thriving illegal trade in antiquities , causing further incalculable harm . The smashed artifacts of the Mosul Museum and the destruction at Nineveh and Nimrud speak to a wider ignorance of archaeology and the meaning of the artifacts that archaeologists recover , study and preserve . These objects are the material record of humanity . They are not just for scholars , they are for everyone . They are the text of the past that helps define our future . Archaeologists clearly need to do more to expand a global understanding of , and appreciation for , the heritage of the past . But it is not just a question for teachers , professors and museum curators ; there needs to be much greater awareness and protection of the past across society , in Iraq , in the United States and around the world , from the government to the public . We need more archaeology education globally ; in Iraq and in other ISIS-affected countries , but also among people everywhere in order to help communities -- from children on up -- understand the fragility of the archaeological record and its critical importance to understanding the human story . Ancient Mesopotamia , modern Iraq , is at the heart of the human story : home of the first cities , states and empires . The law Code of Hammurabi , king of Babylon over 3,700 years ago , is the first great legal text of the world ; it begins a heritage leading to Magna Carta and the Bill of Rights . The heritage of Iraq is our heritage , too . What can we do in response to this assault on our heritage ? Providing educational opportunities and empowering communities to learn more about their cultures and histories , and those of others , is one of the best ways to eradicate destructive hatred and violence .	Sturt Manning : Video shows ISIS destroying apparent antiquities ; they reflect rich history that is alternative to group 's barbaric nihilism He says it 's key to teach importance of archaeology everywhere in world . Antiquities are the text of the past that helps define our future .
CNN  -- It was a beating , a thrashing , a rout , a waxing , a debacle . Sport is well-equipped with words to describe what took place in the semifinal match between Germany and Brazil on Tuesday , but none of them , at least not yet , can capture what really went down . One of the oft-cited reasons Americans give for not embracing the most popular sport in the world is the low-scoring action that generally personifies the so-called beautiful game . Excuse me ? In this semifinal 's first half , Germany scored five goals in 18 minutes , goals that came so fast and so furious one could hardly keep track : minute 11 , minute 23 , minute 24 , minute 26 , minute 29 . The final score of 7-1 , which propelled Germany into the final and Brazil into a game for third place , is historic in and of itself . And never before had five goals been scored in the first half of a World Cup match . Never before had four goals been scored in a six-minute stretch . And that it took place in Brazil is no small matter . Despite the uproar over the money the nation spent building soccer cathedrals , most Brazilians were not only ready to celebrate victory , they expected it . Their national team had not lost an official game on home soil since 1975 , making the dream of winning the country 's sixth World Cup title seem not just obtainable , but a sure thing . The most brutal  and funny  Germany vs. Brazil tweets Without question , excuses can be made . Brazil played without its captain and central defender , Thiago Silva , who had been suspended after the match against Colombia for the accumulation of yellow cards . Without him , the Brazilian defense appeared powerless and confused against the likes of Thomas Mueller and company . Also missing , of course , was Brazil 's star , forward Neymar , who had been kneed in the back by Colombian Juan Zuniga , fracturing a vertebra in his spine . But it is unlikely even a healthy Neymar could have created balance against such offense . Germany was relentless perfection , taking advantage of every opportunity Brazil offered while simultaneously creating its own prospects . Tears , puns and a Twitter record Some now worry that the disenchantment on display before the tournament started -- the fury of protests against the billions Brazil spent on the tournament marked by "  Go Home FIFA " signs throughout the country -- will reignite in force , now that the home team can only hope for a third-place finish at best . Indeed within seconds of the end , Twitter feeds wrongly assumed images of rioting Brazilians demonstrated postgame fury when , it turns out , people were posting older photos of the protests that had taken place throughout the spring . And as the inevitable finger-pointing against coach Luiz Felipe Scolari and his players begins , we can hope that sanity will prevail , taking to heart Scolari 's wisdom in his wrenching postgame press conference that "  life goes on , " rather than the criminal soccer passion that apparently led to the killing of Colombian Andres Escobar , who scored the own-goal that led to his team 's loss against the United States in 1994 . There are signs to give hope that the love for the game in soccer-crazed Brazil , a country that truly epitomizes what it means to live and breathe a sport , will transcend the devastation of the historic 7-1 score . At the conclusion of the semifinal match , weeping Brazilians stood in tribute to the German team , which had just handed them their most humiliating moment since their loss in 1950 to Uruguay , considered by many to be one of the most shocking results in World Cup history . 5 things about the beat down in Brazil Without question , this game , and on home turf , trumps that earlier one . But the act of respect shown to Germany by the Brazilian ovation in Belo Horizonte stadium demonstrates how sometimes it is more important to love the game than to win a game . Because it 's the beautiful game , indeed .	Amy Bass : Brazil trashed by Germany at World Cup , but it was more : It was historic She says Germany 's rout , with fast , furious scoring , denied Brazil its sure-thing victory She says excuses can be made , but Germany was great ; Brazil coach wisely said "  life goes on " Bass : Brazil fans gave splendid display of "  beautiful game " by standing in tribute to Germany
MATURA , Trinidad  CNN  -- With its white sand and clear , blue water , Trinidad 's Matura Beach looks like a postcard . It 's a far cry from its recent past , when leatherback sea turtle carcasses littered the ground and kept tourists away . Suzan Lakhan Baptiste 's efforts have turned a beach from a leatherback turtle graveyard to a nesting colony . "  Twenty years ago , this was a graveyard , " Suzan Lakhan Baptiste said of the six-mile stretch of beach near her home . "  The stench was horrendous . You could smell it for miles , " she said . Saddened and frustrated , Baptiste launched a crusade to help end the slaughter of the gentle giants . Today , she and her group are succeeding : What was once a turtle graveyard is now a maternity ward -- one of the largest leatherback nesting colonies in the world . It has n't been an easy fight for Baptiste or the turtles . For 100 million years , the creatures have traveled the world 's oceans , outliving the dinosaurs . Over the last 30 years , they have become critically endangered worldwide because of fishing , pollution and hunting . For centuries , they 've been hunted throughout the Caribbean for their meat and fins , and also for their eggs , which some people prize as aphrodisiacs . "  Turtles are in serious trouble , " Baptiste said . Every year , female leatherbacks make their way onto the beach , laying their eggs deep in the sand . It is a long , complicated ritual during which the enormous , slow-moving animals are easy prey for poachers . "  Leatherbacks -LSB- are -RSB- very vulnerable , " Baptiste said . "  They can not pull their head and flippers back into the shell . They have no sense of defense to actually protect themselves . " By the 1980s , nearly one in three turtles that nested on Matura Beach were killed . When the government asked for volunteers to help protect the endangered creatures , Baptiste and several others answered the call . In 1990 , they started Nature Seekers , one of Trinidad 's first environmental groups . ` Crazy Turtle Woman ' For years , Baptiste and her group patrolled the beaches every night of turtle nesting season . She often walked alone until sunrise . Locals mocked her efforts , calling her the "  Turtle Police " or "  Crazy Turtle Woman , " yet her dedication to the unpaid work was fierce ; when it conflicted with her day job , she quit and found a new job . Leatherbacks were a vital source of income for some members of her village , and the poachers who prowled the beaches with machetes could be threatening . When Baptiste 's then-husband was injured during a patrol , she became more determined to stand her ground . "  I was very vigilant , " she said , adding that at times , she even got into physical fights . But Baptiste persisted , and a prestigious award from the United Nations Environment Program helped validate her efforts . She and her group also worked hard to convince the villagers that using the turtles for eco-tourism could create a more sustainable income . "  I wanted to show that a turtle is -LSB- worth -RSB- so much more to us alive than dead , " Baptiste said . Gradually , her message of conservation turned the tide of public opinion , and after nearly two decades under Baptiste 's leadership , Nature Seekers has largely won its battle . Today , the leatherbacks ' survival rate on Matura Beach is virtually 100 percent . "  Here , turtle slaughter is a thing of the past , " Baptiste proclaimed . Even "  Papa George , " a village elder who used to hunt leatherbacks with his father , can attest to the cultural shift . "  Suzan brought around the change , " he said . "  They do n't kill the turtles anymore ... because of the visitors . " Nearly 10,000 tourists a year , most of whom are Trinidadian , now visit Matura Beach , and many locals make a living by providing them with accommodations , food and souvenirs . Since the beach is a prohibited area during the nesting season , Nature Seekers ' members act as guides , explaining the turtles ' ancient rituals to visitors . In addition , Baptiste and her colleagues gather data on the enormous creatures , tagging and weighing as many leatherbacks as they can . Watch Baptiste and her group weigh a leatherback turtle at night " During peak season , they might see between 250 or 300 turtles a night . More than 5,000 leatherbacks nest in the area each year . The group 's work is often cited as one of the most successful eco-tourism efforts in the Caribbean . Still , turtle slaughter persists throughout the region , and Baptiste is working to help other groups learn from her success , most recently on the island of Dominica . She finds joy in sharing her hard-earned knowledge . "  The passion that I feel , it burns me up , " she said . "  I have seen the fruits of our labor , and it can happen in every community . " Watch how Baptiste helped end the slaughter of turtles in her community " Her efforts -- and those of many others around the region -- are making a difference . While leatherbacks are still critically endangered worldwide , the Caribbean population has begun to rebound . "  When I got started , a lot of people thought I was crazy , " Baptiste said , and she admits that she sometimes wondered if they were right . Reflecting on what she and her team have accomplished , she now believes it was worth it . "  I love being crazy , you know ? " she said , laughing . "  Crazy with a passion , crazy with a dream -- totally environmentally crazy . " Want to get involved ? Check out Nature Seekers and see how to help .	Suzan Lakhan Baptiste helped end leatherback turtle slaughter in her community Her nonprofit Nature Seekers promotes turtle conservation throughout the Caribbean The group 's efforts contribute to eco-tourism in the area Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open at CNN.com / Heroes
Florence , Italy  CNN  -- Amanda Knox vowed Friday to fight her conviction for the murder of British student Meredith Kercher "  until the very end " and said she "  will never go willingly " back to Italy . Speaking on ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " Knox said news of the guilty verdict Thursday "  really has hit me like a train . " "  I did not expect this to happen . I really expected so much better from the Italian justice system , " she said . "  They found me innocent before . How can they say that it 's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt ? " An appeals court found Knox and her former boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , guilty of murder in the Italian city of Florence after a retrial . Her attorney , Ted Simon , told CNN 's "  New Day " that he had been in touch with Knox and her family all day as they awaited the court 's decision . "  It was terrible news , " he said . "  She understands more than anyone that a wrongful conviction is unjust , not just for the accused but for the victim , their family , as well as society , and she feels this very personally . " Knox 's conviction has raised questions about her possible extradition to Italy to serve her 28Â 1/2 - year sentence , handed down in absentia , since she has been in the United States throughout the retrial . But Simon said it was too early to talk about extradition since there is still an appeals process to go through , which will probably last another year . Citing privacy and confidentiality issues , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf declined to say whether Italy has requested Knox be extradited . Knox , 26 , told ABC she would fight every step of the way . "  I will never go willingly back to the place where I -- I 'm gon na fight this until the very end , " she said . Asked how she was coping with the situation , her attorney highlighted her strength of character . "  While she accepted that very difficult news , she has rebounded . She has shown great resilience and fortitude . And with a great deal of family support , they 're going to go forward and appeal what we would characterize as a completely unjust conviction , " Simon said . The attorney argued there was "  no evidence " implicating his client in the murder and never had been , adding that it was "  incomprehensible " that the court had found her guilty . Sollecito stopped near border Earlier Friday , Italian authorities stopped Sollecito near the border with Austria and Slovenia , Italian police told CNN . Sollecito , who is not allowed to leave Italy while the legal process continues , was halted in the northern Italian town of Udine , police said . The Slovenian border is less than 20 miles east of Udine , and the border with Austria lies about 55 miles to the north . Sollecito 's lawyer , Luca Maori , said his client was indeed in Udine with his girlfriend . They were driving to the town of Treviso , where his girlfriend lives , and because of the snow had to stop , the lawyer said . Maori told CNN it was not Sollecito 's intent to flee the country . Prosecutors said the couple killed Kercher , a British student , in November 2007 . Sollecito was sentenced to 25 years in prison . Both denied murder . Kercher , 21 , was found partially nude in a pool of blood in the house she shared with Knox in the picturesque town of Perugia , where both women were exchange students . But despite years of courtroom battles over her death , many aspects of the crime still remain unexplained . ` Journey to the truth ' On Friday morning , Kercher 's siblings spoke in Florence about their family 's long ordeal . Her sister , Stephanie Kercher , said the family might never know exactly what happened on the night of her death . "  I think we are still on the journey to the truth , " she said . "  I think it may be the fact that we do n't ever really know what happened that night , which is obviously something we will have to come to terms with . " Lyle Kercher , Meredith 's brother , said the family may have to wait until spring 2015 for a final resolution , since the verdicts reached Thursday can still be appealed at Italy 's Supreme Court . "  Nothing is going to bring Meredith back , nothing will take away the horror of what happened to her , " he said . "  The best we can hope for is finally bringing this whole case to a conclusion , having a conviction , and everyone can move on with their lives . " If the Supreme Court upholds the murder conviction , he expects to see Italian authorities make an extradition request to the United States so that Knox serves her sentence in Italy , he said . Stephanie Kercher said that she had been told of a letter written by Knox to the Kercher family but that she had not seen it . She also appeared to rule out meeting with Knox in the future , despite the American 's overtures to the family and whatever the final outcome of the case . "  We 've asked to have our wishes respected in that we would like to be together as a family to remember Meredith , " she said . "  A lot has happened over this length of time . It would be very difficult to meet someone having had all that happen . " Read more : Six things to know about Amanda Knox retrial verdict Pair first convicted in 2009 Knox and Sollecito were first convicted in 2009 , but those charges were overturned on appeal in 2011 and the pair were freed , having spent four years in prison . In March of last year , Italy 's Supreme Court overturned the pair 's acquittals , leading to the retrial that resulted Thursday night in their convictions for murder being reinstated by a Florence appeals court . Knox , who remained at home in Seattle , Washington , while the retrial was held , said in a written statement Thursday that her conviction would bring no consolation to the Kercher family . Presiding Judge Alessandro Nencini has 90 days to write his arguments behind the jury 's ruling . Once that is out , lawyers have 90 days to appeal . Hada Messia reported from Florence , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Deanna Hackney also contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. State Department wo n't say whether Italy has requested extradition Amanda Knox says she will fight to the end , ` wo n't go willingly ' to Italy Knox 's attorney says it is too early to talk about extradition to Italy Raffaele Sollecito is stopped near the border with Austria and Slovenia , Italian police say
New York  CNN  -- Ernest Bai Koroma is the fourth president of Sierra Leone , a nation still very much living in the shadow of a brutal decade-long civil war that only ended in 2002 . He came to power in a wave of exuberance , promising to transform a country still scarred by civil war . Since then , the former CEO has gone hard on the message that his country is open for business to foreign investors . A World Bank report in 2008 deemed Sierra Leone the easiest place to start a business in West Africa , a message that Koroma has been pushing across the world . Koroma believes that while progress has been slow , his country is finally realizing its potential , particularly as a destination for foreign business investment in Africa . Sierra Leone has some high profile advocates ; former UK prime minister Tony Blair and George Soros are among those who back Koroma 's plans for foreign business investment in the country . One of the country 's ambitious initiatives is establishing a private , special economic zone outside of the capital Freetown , where some 20 hectares of land are being cleared to welcome foreign businesses . President Koroma sat down with CNN 's Stephanie Elam during his recent visit to New York for the United Nations General Assembly . CNN : Sierra Leone has been battling poverty for so long . Are new jobs being created so that people in Sierra Leone can start working to help build their wealth , build their earnings so that they can live comfortably ? EK : Unemployment is still a problem , especially among our youthful population . We have some that are not educated , some that are not skilled . We are trying to ensure that we develop appropriate technical vocational institutions that will address the youth , will prepare them for the job market . The issue is not only to create jobs for them but to make them competitive and to make them earn wages that will guarantee them a future . CNN : For a lot of people , when they hear Sierra Leone they wonder about the diamonds . They wonder about whether or not the idea of a ` blood diamond ' is something of the past . What do you say to that ? EK : Yeah the issue of the blood diamond is an issue of the past . And this was when the war was raging , and before the war . But now we have put in place new mining act controls to regulate the mining sector . And we now have companies that are engaging the expectation of diamonds that are working and a government diamond office that regulates the processing of diamonds . And it is creating employment for the people and it is increasing revenue generation for the country . CNN : What would you say has been the progress so far on getting corruption out of the government ? EK : We have made substantial progress -- we have now put in place the 2008 Anti-Corruption Act which has given anti-corruption -LSB- officials -RSB- the independence that is required , by giving them the authority to prosecute anybody that they believe is found wanting -- and I have also in the broadcast to the nation , and on many occasions , made it clear that nobody is protected , not even a member of my family . CNN : Do we see people feeling safer in Sierra Leone ? Do you yourself feel safe when you 're out ? EK : I believe I am one of the presidents that drives around without any security . I drive around in the streets and people know that I am moving around and they yell , they wave . You can drive at any time , at any location in the country without any hit-and-runs . That is how safe the country is . CNN : Let 's talk a little about women in Sierra Leone and in your government . I know that you have a female foreign minister . How important is this idea of having gender equality in the government ? EK : We are working on improving the gender participation in government and other sectors . I must say that it has not improved as much as we want but we are making progress . There are ambassadors that are women , we have heads of companies in the country that are women , chairpersons . It is growing and becoming very interesting . CNN : What do you hope your legacy will be for Sierra Leone ? EK : A Sierra Leone that has changed from a post-conflict humanitarian rehabilitated country to a country that has taken off on the path of real growth , and I want to be remembered as the person that led the business for the new economic growth of Sierra Leone . CNN 's Edvige Jean-Francois contributed to this report	Ernest Koroma has been president of civil war-torn Sierra Leone since 2007 Koroma seeks to rebuild his country through extensive economic and corruption reforms Koroma believes Africa should have a permanent seat on the UN Security Council
Italian explorer Marco Polo spent 17 years working in the court of Kublai Khan 's China , but today most foreigners seeking to live and work in the country are n't looking for the same time-invested cultural exchange . "  It 's the place to make money , " explained Aynura Askerova , a Russian who has lived in the southern Chinese metropolis of Guangzhou for four years . Work as a fashion model has taken Askerova across China and the rest of Asia , but "  now it 's time to find a real career , " she said last month , in an overly-illuminated hotel conference room in the city 's China Marriott Hotel . Like hundreds of other visitors from across the world , the graduate in software development from Kazan State University was there for the Jobs Fair for Foreigners ; one of three annual events organized by the Chinese government , where expats get a rare chance to meet prospective employers face-to-face . The events have been a honeypot for job-seeking expats , particularly since the global economic crisis of 2008 . While economic growth in China has slowed in the last year , the 7 % to 8 % predicted growth is positively booming compared to Europe and the United States , leading many to believe their prospects there might be better than at home . However the perception that expats , particularly from western countries , can just walk into a job or career in China is now out of date . "  The novelty of being a foreigner has worn off , " said Shanghai-based Simon Lance , regional director in China for recruitment firm Hays . "  Employers are seeking value . Demonstrating a genuine commitment to China is key . " That can include language skills and being willing to spend more than just one or two years in the country , he added . Read more : Can China become a melting pot ? According to a report by the state-run Xinhua news agency , nearly 7 million new Chinese graduates entered the jobs market last year . It 's a figure that is set to increase in the coming years as China expands its number of higher education institutions , adding to the challenge for foreigners embarking on their careers in the country . "  That side of the workforce there 's almost an oversupply of junior end candidates , " said Lance . "  So it 's hard for expats to compete . Without Mandarin or local language skills I 'd say it 's almost impossible . " Nick Cucinella , CEO at CareerBuilder China , advises graduates to have a CV in both English and Chinese , even if they do n't speak the language , and that taking the initiative and targeting prospective employers and Chinese companies is the best path to a job . "  Not many people do that , but if they do they will be very well received . Too many just use jobs sites and search engines , " he said . Read more : The best job in 2013 is ... However for those with established careers and particular skill-sets , demand exceeds supply in many industries . Big infrastructure projects in China mean that recruitment companies are seeing a desire for experienced architects and design engineers , plus a strong demand for those in the pharmaceutical industry , as local and international companies invest in R&D facilities in the country . "  Chinese companies realize they have to offer more than just a job , but show that the city is good place to live , raise children and there 's enough going on , " said Cucinella . The recruitment process in China could also seem quite strange to many westerners . "  At a market in China you 're expected to haggle and that applies in some way to job negotiations . Westerners do n't want to feel like they 're haggling over their life , they want to feel wanted , " said Cucinella . However a larger trend is localizing the workforce across positions , believes Lance . If the employers he recruits for have a wish-list it is usually for a Chinese national who has gained many years of experience studying or working abroad . These "  haigui , " or sea turtles as they are called in China , hit the employment sweet spot with "  both the cultural connection and the language skills , " according to Lance . "  They provide a pretty good compromise between being able to connect and communicate with local Chinese staff , but have a good understanding of western business and management practice . They bridge the two worlds quite well . " Read more : Can Twitter get you a job ? For those expats at the Guangzhou event swimming against the rising tide of competition , employing a number of techniques is necessary to make it in China -- local connections being one of the most useful . "  Having a connection , or ` guanxi , ' is important , " said German national Max Storz , who found a sales job in Guangzhou through a contact of his girlfriend . "  It helps a lot to find a job and get things done in general . " It 's worked for Askerova , too . With business partners she met in China , she has been able to register a trading company in Hong Kong alongside developing a modeling career . "  There are cultural differences to work out , and it was hard for me at first  living in Guangzhou  , very different , " she said . "  But there is really nowhere else like it . "	For foreigner graduates it is increasingly hard to find jobs and develop careers Guangzhou 's annual jobs fairs for foreigners attracts hundreds from overseas looking for employment Around 7 million Chinese graduates enter the jobs market each year Still lots of opportunities for those expats with established skills
EW.com  -- Former "  Saturday Night Live " cast member Kristen Wiig is returning to her old stomping grounds to make her debut as host of the show on May 11 , NBC has announced . Rounding out season 38 of the legendary sketch show will be Ben Affleck , who will make his fifth appearance on "  SNL 's " May 18 finale . Zach Galifianakis to host ` SNL ' NBC has also confirmed the widespread rumor that Kanye West will make his fifth appearance as the show 's musical guest on the May 18 episode , though it remains unclear whether the rapper , who has been in Paris working on his next album , will premiere any new music . Vampire Weekend will provide the tunes during Wiig 's hosting gig . Both Wiig and Affleck have a busy few months ahead . Ben Affleck takes poverty vow : Eat on $ 1.50 a day Wiig has multiple projects hitting theaters in the next few months , beginning with the summer 's animated sequel "  Despicable Me 2 . " Later this year , we 'll see her in the flesh in "  Girl Most Likely , " "  Anchorman : The Legend Continues " and "  The Secret Life of Walter Mitty . " ` Arrested Development ' : Seth Rogen and Kristen Wiig to guest Affleck , whose most recent turn behind the camera "  Argo " took home the Oscar for Best Picture earlier this year , is on screen now in "  To the Wonder " and can next be seen in the September drama "  Runner , Runner . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Former ` SNL ' star Kristen Wiig is returning to host on May 11 It will be her debut turn as host of the show Ben Affleck will host the May 18 finale Vampire Weekend will perform May 11 , and Kanye West will perform May 18
CNN  -- Reeling in bluefish or bass just does n't excite Elliot Sudal anymore . He prefers wrestling fish with a little more teeth . The 24-year-old tussled with a shark over the weekend and has since become the most famous man from Nantucket outside a limerick . "  I 've been a fisherman my whole life , " Sudal said . "  It 's almost like a drug -- I got used to catching bigger and bigger fish . " On Sunday , Sudal and his cousins were catching bluefish and noticed one had lost half its body . "  I get back half a bluefish . It 's got the stereotypical shark bite out of it , " he said . So he threw it back in the water , hoping to lure the predator back . Within a minute , the shark came back to finish its meal . That 's when Sudal jumped into the water to grab a wrestling partner . "  That particular shark took about 45 minutes to get in , " he said . "  It was probably 7 feet long and 200 pounds . " When Sudal finally got the shark onto the beach , he kept it for about a minute and posed for some photos before sending it back into the ocean . "  I always let them go . I 'm not trying to hurt the sharks , " he said . Sudal estimates he 's caught more than 100 sharks in the past eight months . But most of those were in Florida , where Sudal would catch and release as many as five sharks a day . Occasionally , he might see his name in a local newspaper there . But when you move to Nantucket and start wrestling sharks on the beach , people take notice . "  I got that really cool picture of it . My boss said you should send that to the newspaper here , " he said . Since then , he 's received about 100 calls and messages from women he 's never met . But Sudal has also received a wave of criticism over his captures , including concerns about injuries to the shark . Sudal said he has a degree in environmental science and supports conservation efforts . "  I just played around with this guy , " he said . "  I love the feeling -- it 's like a connection with the animal . " He said he 'll continue with his favorite hobby . And if a real-life Sharknado ever struck , Sudal will be ready .	Elliot Sudal , 24 , made waves when he wrestled a shark on a Nantucket beach He says he 's caught and released about 100 sharks in the past eight months Sudal has received criticism over concerns about injuring the sharks "  I just played around with this guy , " he says . ` It 's like a connection with the animal "
A deeply divided Supreme Court nudged the nation toward broad recognition of same-sex marriage on Wednesday in rulings that advocates hailed as a "  joyous occasion " -- but still left many questions unanswered . Voting 5-4 in each of two decisions , justices threw out part of a law that denied hundreds of federal benefits to same-sex couples and cleared the way for gays and lesbians to once again marry in California . At the same time , the high court declined to make a sweeping statement on the broader issue of same-sex marriage rights nationwide , rejecting California 's same-sex marriage ban but leaving intact laws banning such marriages in 35 other states . New Jersey has civil unions for same-sex couples , while New Mexico 's marriage law is gender neutral and recognizes valid marriages performed in other states . While the rulings fell short of the goal same-sex marriage advocates have set -- eliminating all laws limiting the rights of gays and lesbians to marry -- celebrations erupted outside the Supreme Court , as well as in San Francisco and around the country . Map : Same-sex marriage , state by state In Washington , the couples who sued to dismantle the Defense of Marriage Act and its ban on federal benefits for same-sex couples emerged from the Supreme Court to thunderous cheers , simply holding their arms aloft in victory . In San Francisco , Crispin Hollins , who had already set a date for his wedding in the wake of the decision , said there was too much to celebrate to be disappointed by what the rulings did n't do . "  I 'm confident that opinion in the United States is shifting towards being in favor of same-sex marriage , so it will simply take more time and allow the nation to come along in a way that will provide more lasting support for equality , " he said . Opponents of same-sex marriage saw both peril and promise in the rulings , expressing dismay in the court 's decision on the Defense of Marriage Act but taking some comfort in the decision not to dismantle same-sex marriage bans nationwide . "  Their refusal to redefine marriage for all states is a major setback for those seeking to redefine natural marriage , " said Family Research Council President Tony Perkins . "  Time is not on the side of those seeking to create same-sex ` marriage . ' " What 's next for gay rights movement ? What the rulings say In its divided ruling on the federal Defense of Marriage Act , the high court said legally married same-sex couples must receive the same benefits provided to heterosexual couples . The act had defined marriage as only between a man and a woman , but the court said the law violated the rights of same-sex couples by demoting their marriages to second-class status when compared to their heterosexual peers . The court said law wrongly "  instructs all federal officials , and indeed all persons with whom same-sex couples interact , including their own children , that their marriage is less worthy than the marriages of others . " Now , the federal government recognizes the marriage of those same-sex couples who are legally married in their states . More on the Defense of Marriage Act ruling A divided high court also handed a victory to same-sex proponents when it cleared the way for gay and lesbian couples to marry in California , dismissing an appeal to the state 's voter-approved Proposition 8 that banned such marriages . The 5-4 decision avoids , for now , a sweeping conclusion on whether same-sex marriage is a constitutional "  equal protection " right that would apply to all states . More about the Prop 8 ruling Practical impact In addition to restoring same-sex marriage in California , the decisions will eventually allow same-sex couples in states where they 're legally allowed to marry to apply for retirement , survivor and other benefits as married couples . They 'll also be able to benefit from hundreds of other federal programs that have been , until now , reserved for heterosexual married couples under the Defense of Marriage Act 's definition of marriage as between a man and a woman . But exactly when they 'll get those benefits is unclear . What the rulings mean in terms of taxes , benefits After the decisions were announced , President Barack Obama ordered a review of federal statutes to ensure the ruling is "  implemented swiftly and smoothly . " But he did n't give a more precise timeline . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said he would work to get benefits to service members as soon as possible . "  That is now the law , and it is the right thing to do , " he said . It 's also unclear when same-sex marriages might resume in California . Gov. Jerry Brown said he wants marriage licenses to begin flowing to gay and lesbian couples the moment the 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals confirms that a court order preventing their issuance has been lifted . Attorney General Kamala Harris said weddings could begin as soon as the order is lifted , which she said she was urging the court to do quickly . In Los Angeles , the county registrar 's office said they 're ready . Hollywood celebrates : Guess who 's getting hitched ? "  Could n't be more proud ' Same-sex marriage advocates were , in a word , elated . "  I did not count on them moving this far , " said New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman , who called it the rulings "  an incredible victory . " "  Today 's historic decisions put two giant cracks in the dark wall of discrimination that separates committed gay and lesbian couples from full equality , " said Chad Griffin , president of the Human Rights Campaign , who called the rulings "  a joyous milestone . " "  While we celebrate the victory for Californians today , tomorrow we turn our attention to the millions of LGBT people who do n't feel the reach of these decisions , " he said . American University student Mollie Wagoner was waiting outside the Supreme Court for the decision with her girlfriend , Sharon Burk , when the word came down . "  I do n't even have words . I 'm just so happy , and just overwhelmed with emotion , " she said . "  I could n't be more proud of my country and of the Supreme Court today . I 'm so happy to be here and be a part of it . " ' A devastating thing ' Of course , not everyone was pleased by the ruling . While public opinion has shifted strongly toward support of same-sex marriage in recent years , many conservatives , particularly faith-based conservatives , find the idea of same-sex marriage incomprehensible and dangerous . The Rev. Albert Mohler , president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary , found the decision on the Defense of Marriage Act , written by Justice Anthony Kennedy , immensely troubling . "  Justice Kennedy 's opinion takes us to the brink of nationwide same-sex marriage . And I believe that will be a devastating thing for this country , " he said . Yes it will , said John Eastman of the National Organization for Marriage . "  When you destroy or redefine the institution , all of society will be harmed , society that 's put such stock in the institution as a counterbalance to government and the way we raise and educate our children , " he said . Reaction among the U.S. religious community Others on both sides found mixed messages in the rulings . Casey Miller said he initially cheered Wednesday 's Supreme Court ruling that essentially recognizes same-sex marriages . But , he told CNN 's iReport , "  As soon as I read some of the news articles describing the decision , it sucked for us and for the majority of same-sex couples living in states with state marriage bans . " Miller , 50 , married John Martin in California before Proposition 8 was overturned . The couple now lives in Texas where same-sex marriage is n't recognized . "  Are we still second-class citizens ? " he asked . He called Wednesday 's ruling "  an expensive baby step . " On the other side , the Rev. Rob Schenck , chairman of the Evangelical Church Alliance , said he was disappointed "  in the short-term results and the short-term questions that remain unsettled . " "  But , " he said , "  the public conversation continues and that 's a good thing . " What about couples who still ca n't marry ?	California 's attorney general urges quick action to allow same-sex marriages President Obama orders a review of federal statutes after the law is stricken The "  decisions put two giant cracks in the dark wall of discrimination , " advocate says Critics are dismayed as unanswered questions extend the debate
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Colombia 's FARC guerrilla group has released an American hostage who spent more than four months in captivity , officials said Sunday . The leftist rebels captured Kevin Scott Sutay on June 20 , when he was backpacking through Colombia . He was released to representatives from the Red Cross , Cuba and Norway in a rural area of southeastern Colombia , then handed over to U.S. officials Sunday morning at Bogota 's airport , the governments of Cuba and Norway said in a statement . Sutay 's case drew attention from the Rev. Jesse Jackson , who pushed for his release during a trip last month to Cuba . Sutay served in the U.S. Army from November 2009 to March 2013 , including a year-long tour in Afghanistan , according to the U.S. Defense Department . He is from Willow Spring , North Carolina , and has won a number of awards , including an Army Commendation Medal and a National Defense Service Medal . The Pentagon lists his rank as private . "  The United States is profoundly grateful to the Government of Colombia and commends its tireless efforts to secure his release , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement Sunday . "  We offer special thanks to President Juan Manuel Santos for his assistance . We also appreciate the contributions of the International Committee of the Red Cross , and the Governments of Norway and Cuba in securing Mr. Sutay 's freedom . " The FARC , Latin America 's oldest guerrilla force , is currently engaged in peace talks with the Colombian government . In July , the group said it would release Sutay in a "  gesture " to advance the talks . Norway and Cuba are helping to mediate the talks , which are taking place in Havana . The FARC , whose name in Spanish means the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , began fighting Colombia 's government in the 1960s . There have been sporadic peace talks between the rebels and the government since the 1980s . The last attempt failed in 2002 . Kidnapping government forces and civilians has been a key strategy of the rebel group . Last year , the rebels said they would release government prisoners and stop kidnapping civilians for money . The rebels did not address the fate of its civilian captives then , nor did it renounce kidnapping for political purposes . Dramatic rescues , escapes and hostage handovers have revealed harsh conditions in jungle camps , including stories of prisoners chained to trees , grueling marches between hideouts , torrential rain and blistering sun . After taking Sutay hostage , the FARC described him as a mercenary . But despite Sutay 's military background , Jackson said last month that the Army veteran had peaceful motives for visiting Colombia . "  The fact is , he is a tourist , " Jackson said . On Sunday , an International Committee of the Red Cross doctor said Sutay was in good physical condition to travel . Officials said he would reunite with his family soon . Freed Colombian hostages carry pets tamed in the jungle CNN 's Patrick Oppmann reported from Havana . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Red Cross : Kevin Scott Sutay is in good physical condition to travel Sutay was released and handed over to U.S. representatives in Bogota FARC guerrillas kidnapped Sutay on June 20 His case drew attention from the Rev. Jesse Jackson , who pushed for his release
CNN  -- Sharks attacked and killed a 38-year-old man near Stuart Beach in southern Florida on Wednesday . The man was kite-surfing before the attack , said Capt. Mike McKinley , a spokesman for Martin County Sheriff 's Department . A lifeguard spotted him struggling in the water and large number of sharks in the area , a rescue official said . The man had been bitten several times and was bleeding profusely . CNN affiliate WPBF identified him as Stephen Howard Schafer of Stuart . Local coverage from CNN affiliate WPBF The man was in cardiac arrest by the time the lifeguard helped him ashore . He was pronounced dead at an area hospital . Shark attacks have been on the decline , according to the International Shark Attack File , which is part of the Florida Museum of Natural History . In 2008 , there were 59 attacks worldwide , fewer than the 71 attacks 2007 . That continues an annual decline since the all-time high of 79 in 2000 . Forty-one of the 59 attacks worldwide occurred in the United States , with Florida leading with 32 . Surfers accounted for 57 percent of shark attack victims ; swimmers and waders , 36 percent , and divers the rest , according to the Shark Attack File . CNN 's Eve Bower contributed to this report .	Sharks attack , kill a 38-year-old man near Stuart Beach in southern Florida Lifeguard spotted him struggling in the water and large number of sharks Man was in cardiac arrest by the time the lifeguard helped him ashore Florida leads U.S. in number of shark attacks ; worldwide , attacks on decline
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- Amanda Knox , the American student convicted of killing her British roommate Meredith Kercher in Italy , faced a surprise accusation Monday from another man behind bars for the murder . Rudy Guede refused to say Knox was not involved -- and prosecutor Giuliano Mignini read out a letter saying Guede thought the American and her then-boyfriend had killed Kercher . Guede wrote to a news website in the spring of 2010 , after the three were convicted , referring to "  a horrible homicide of a splendid young girl , Meredith Kercher , by Amanda Knox and Raffaele Sollecito . " Mignini produced a copy of the letter on Monday during Knox 's appeal against her conviction . Defense lawyers said they did not know of the existence of the letter before Mignini read it in court . Knox took the stand for emotional testimony after Guede spoke , saying she was "  shocked . " "  The only time that Rudy Guede , Raffaele Sollecito and I were in one room together was in a court room ... . He knows what the truth is . I do n't know what happened that night , " she said . Monday 's appeal hearing was the first time the three people convicted of the crime appeared in court together since a preliminary hearing years ago . Kercher was found stabbed to death in 2007 at the house she shared with Knox in Perugia , the central Italian town where both were students . She was semi-naked and her throat had been slashed . Knox , 23 , and her then-boyfriend Sollecito , 27 , were convicted of the murder in 2009 . Guede was found guilty in a separate fast-track trial and sentenced to 16 years . Defense lawyer Carlo della Vedova and Knox 's mother Edda Mellas both rejected Guede 's testimony Monday . Her father Curt Knox , speaking to CNN from Seattle , said it was "  very disappointing that he will not own up to his responsibility . " Under cross-examination , Guede said he had written what he always believed , but that it "  was not up to me to say who was the killer . " Della Vedova said Guede 's letter was based on "  a feeling " and that his accusations are not based on facts or events he witnessed . Mellas said Guede "  continues to lie about Amanda and that 's unfortunate . " "  He did n't say much . He refused to answer most of the important things , " she said . "  Amanda wanted to be able to confront him and she was denied that . " Mellas said she had suffered watching her daughter testify : "  It 's devastating to watch your child in pain . It 's horrible to see her go through that . " She said before the hearing she can not understand why Guede might spend only seven years behind bars if he is released early for good conduct , while Knox could serve 26 years . Sollecito said Monday he and Knox had been behind bars for nearly four years , their lives destroyed based only on suppositions . Francesco Maresca , the lawyer for the Kercher family , said Guede 's testimony was the first time he has said "  clearly that the two defendants were present in the scene of the crime that night . " The hearing is now adjourned until July 25 , with further hearings on July 30 and August 1 . The appeal hearing has heard a confusing array of stories from a range of convicted criminals this month . Guede had been called as a witness to corroborate the story of another convict who told the court just over a week ago that Guede had said Knox and Sollecito were not involved . But on the stand , he did not back Mario Alessi 's version of events . As part of the appeal , forensic experts are retesting evidence that was used to convict Knox . That evidence includes a knife found in Sollecito 's apartment with Knox 's DNA on the handle and what Perugia prosecutors say is Kercher 's DNA in a tiny groove on the blade . The prosecution contends that the knife was used to stab Kercher in the neck and that it had been cleaned . The DNA matter attributed to Kercher consists of flesh , not blood , they say . The sample , however , was so small that forensic scientists investigating Kercher 's murder were not able to double-test it in accordance with international forensic science norms , which Knox 's legal team says raises doubts about its validity . The second piece of evidence the forensic experts are testing is the tiny metal clasp from Kercher 's bra , which was cut from her body after her slaying . An independent forensics study on the DNA evidence is due Thursday , Curt Knox said Monday . "  We 're hopefully going to hear good news that it 's incompatibale to Amanda and not useful , " Knox said . Forensic scientists in the investigatory phase determined that Sollecito 's DNA is present on the metal clasp . The clasp was identified on an investigatory video the same day Kercher 's body was found . But it was not collected until nearly six weeks later , giving the defense cause to question whether the sample may have been contaminated . CNN 's Hada Messia and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	NEW : Knox hopes DNA report due Thursday will help her defense , her father says Amanda Knox says she is "  shocked " by the testimony of Rudy Guede Guede , convicted separately of killing Meredith Kercher , denies another convict 's story Knox and her former boyfriend were found guilty in 2009 of killing Kercher in Perugia
Lamu , Kenya  CNN  -- In many ways , it seems like time has given Lamu a wide berth . The East African island , perched placidly off Kenya 's coast , is home to one of the oldest continuously inhabited Swahili towns -- an ethnic group in East Africa who have lived here for more than 700 years . There are no cars on the island -- the streets are too narrow and winding . Instead , locals rely on donkeys for transport on the land , and dhows to travel throughout the archipelago . Now a UNESCO World Heritage Site , Lamu was once the most important international trade center in East Africa -- as is evidenced by the Arab , Indian , Persian and European influences in the local architecture . The most Swahili feature , however , is the use of coral stone , which reigns supreme throughout the island . Not only is coral stone strong , it 's a few degrees cooler than cement , making it an ideal building resource in a region known for its sweltering heat . In fact , coral stone has a long history in the construction of Lamu , as is evidenced by the Takwa ruins -- the remains of what was once a thriving trading town . In the 16th and 17th centuries , Takwa attracted merchants from across the globe . "  The Arabs were here , the Indians were here , the Chinese , " says local historian Mohamed Ali . "  The Swahili people used to trade with a lot of foreign people . " Much like Lamu 's more modern buildings , the relics of this ancient commercial hub are mainly made from coral stone and lime -- though foreign influences abound . "  The Indians introduced arches and balconies , " notes Ali . Foreigners -- lured by the charming architecture and relaxed way of life -- continue to flock to Lamu town , with many buying and renovating the old Swahili mansions , or simply building new ones . As a result , locals often find themselves outbid when buying property . Local artisan Swabry Maawy , for instance , recalls the difficulty he had in procuring his dream house . "  I was so in love with this house . I put in an offer and people from Europe put their offer . I put in another offer , they put in another offer , and somehow I got it . It was very expensive for me , " he says . He hopes to preserve the past with the building , especially as he sees more foreigners investing in Lamu 's future , a new twist on its historic role as a hub for international trade . Gallery : Africa 's most exciting architects	Lamu is one of the oldest continuously inhabited Swahili towns There are no cars on the island -- the streets are too narrow and winding Instead , locals rely on donkeys for transport on the land , and dhows to travel throughout the archipelago
An independent report released Monday into the execution of Arizona inmate Joseph Wood revealed the state 's Department of Corrections followed protocol . "  This independent review concluded that at all times following the administration of the execution protocol , the inmate was fully sedated , was totally unresponsive to stimuli , and as a result did not suffer , " said Corrections Director Charles Ryan . "  In fact , the Pima County medical examiner is cited as reporting that the breathing pattern exhibited by the inmate prior to his death is a normal bodily response to dying , even in someone highly sedated , " Ryan said . The report timeline for the July 23 execution confirmed previous accounts that it took two hours for Woods to die after the first drug protocol was administered at 1:40 p.m. And after the first lethal injection failed to kill Wood , executioners gave him 14 additional doses of a two-drug cocktail . During those two hours , witnesses including Wood 's attorney claimed to have seen Wood snorting and struggling to breathe . Troy Hayden , a media witness from KSAZ , likened Wood 's breathing to a "  fish gulping for air . " The report timeline did not remark on Wood 's breathing . After the staff administered a dose , they confirmed that Wood remained sedated . "  The medical examiner in this case offered no apparent explanation for the time lapse that occurred in the Wood execution , " read the report . "  The IV team leader , medical examiner and an independent correctional health expert agreed that the dosage administered was sufficient to cause death in a relatively short period of time . All agreed that the dosage of midazolam would result in heavy sedation . " The two-drug cocktail itself -- a mix of midazolam and hydromorphone -- came into question . Wood 's attorney , Dale Baich , argued the report did not "  answer the question of why the experimental drug protocol did not work as promised . " In an open letter , Ryan told Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer he intends to stop using the midazolam and hydromorphone cocktail and instead use a one-drug injection or a three-drug cocktail . "  Based on this report , I forwarded my assessment to Governor Jan Brewer that the state continue efforts to procure drugs for the one-drug protocol , and begin the process to adopt three-drug protocols , as opposed to utilizing a modified two-drug protocol , " Ryan said . Baich said he warned the Department of Corrections of the two-drug combination long before the execution . "  The pre-identified problems came true , " Baich said . "  The decision to now remove this formula is an acknowledgment by the Arizona Department of Corrections that it was wrong in choosing this combination of chemicals . " The independent review came at Brewer 's request . She directed the Department of Corrections to review the process citing concerns over the amount of time it took for Wood to die . A federal judge ordered local officials to preserve all physical evidence in Wood 's execution . Wood was convicted of murder and assault in the 1989 deaths of his estranged girlfriend and her father . "  You do n't know what excruciating is . What 's excruciating is seeing your dad laying there in a pool of blood , seeing you sister laying there in a pool of blood . This man deserved it . And I should n't really call him a man , " said Jeanne Brown , a relative of Wood 's victims . Wood was the latest American death row inmate to argue that an anesthetic recently introduced in some states ' execution protocols could fail to sufficiently knock out the inmate ahead of the lethal drugs , subjecting the person to an agonizing death . Wood claimed among other things that the state was going to use an "  experimental " drug protocol . In documents filed with the state Supreme Court , Wood contended the use of the anesthetic midazolam was problematic in recent U.S. executions and that it would violate the Constitution 's guarantee against cruel and unusual punishment . Some states turned to midazolam this decade after they could no longer get sodium thiopental , a drug that was regularly used for executions . A U.S. manufacturer stopped producing sodium thiopental in 2009 , and countries that still produce it wo n't allow its export to the United States for use in lethal injections . Earlier this year , Oklahoma put executions on hold after the controversial execution of Clayton Lockett . Midazolam was part of the injection combination , and it took 43 minutes for him to die , Oklahoma officials said . The Arizona report remarked on the differences with the Oklahoma case . "  Staff performance in no way contributed to the extended time lapse from initiation of the drug protocol to pronouncement of death . As noted , the execution was not ` botched " in comparison to what occurred in Oklahoma with Clayton Lockett , " said the report . But Baich remains unconvinced . "  The state should release all of the documentation and witness reports that went into this review . Only through discovery in a court of law will there be a truly independent and comprehensive examination of what went wrong during Mr. Wood 's nearly two-hour execution , " he said . Mississippi mom swaps death row for jail cell to await trial Death penalty facts that may surprise you California 's death penalty ruled unconstitutional	An independent report on a two-hour execution revealed no wrongdoing Joseph Wood execution was initially believed to be "  botched " A media witness likens Wood 's breathing to a "  fish gulping for air " Wood had argued the combination for lethal injection was cruel and unusual punishment
CNN  -- The language of war leaves something lost in translation . Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon on Saturday spoke of "  achievements " and the destruction of "  significant targets " in his country 's airstrikes against Hamas targets in Gaza . But on the ground in Gaza , sources talked with CNN not about military targets , but about hospitals pushed to the brink , dead or distressed children , and airstrikes that struck water infrastructure . "  No one is talking about the Palestinian civilians . When you bring up this story , no one is ready to listen , " a Hamas spokesman , Osama Hamdan , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  But when it came to Israelis , everyone is taking care and everyone is talking . " Though a full-scale invasion has not occurred , Israeli military forces went into Gaza for half an hour early Sunday and raided a long-range missile launching site , an Israeli military source told CNN . Gunfire was exchanged and four Israeli soldiers were "  lightly injured , " the source said , adding that the mission was accomplished . The death toll from the airstrikes on Gaza this week has topped 160 , Ashraf al-Qidra , a spokesman for the Gaza Health Ministry , said early Sunday . More than 1,100 people have been injured . On Saturday , at least 23 people were killed in Israeli airstrikes , said security and medical sources in Gaza . An official at Shifa Hospital told CNN that the morgue there was now full . One airstrike targeted the house of the head of the Gaza police , Tayseer al-Batsh , and killed at least 15 people and injured an unknown number of others , security sources in Gaza told CNN . Aqsa TV showed rescuers frantically digging for survivors . The airstrikes hit the house , which is next to a mosque . The sources say that some of the casualties had been in evening prayers at the mosque . And , an Israeli airstrike hit a facility housing the disabled , killing two women , the health ministry said Saturday . Israel Defense Forces said it was looking into that claim . Four Israeli airstrikes hit the Arafat Police complex in Gaza city early Sunday , shaking nearby buildings , including the offices of CNN and other media . The Israeli military is telling residents of northern Gaza to evacuate their homes for their own safety , CNN correspondent Ben Wedemen reported Saturday . Israel Defense Forces says it uses phone calls and drops empty shells on roofs -- what it calls "  roof knocking " -- to warn civilians that airstrikes are imminent . Concerns about a ground invasion by Israeli forces are growing . The U.N. Security Council on Saturday called for a de-escalation and cease-fire between Israeli forces and Palestinian militants , the 15-member group said in a statement . Israel 's stated mission is to get Hamas militants to stop firing rockets into Israel , something that has not happened . Even after days of bombardments from Israeli jets , more than 36 rockets were fired from Gaza on Saturday , and the sun had not even set . Two of those rockets were intercepted by Israeli air defense , and 34 struck Israel . The IDF said at least two rockets fired from Lebanon hit open areas north of coastal Nahariya , but no damage or injuries were reported . Israel asserts its right to defend itself , and so far the Hamas rockets have caused no deaths . "  Achievements are accumulating in terms of the price that Hamas is paying , and we are continuing to destroy significant targets belonging to Hamas and other terrorist organizations , " Ya'alon said . "  Hamas is suffering from severe blows and is causing severe damage to its people . " Hamas frames the current conflict as a defensive fight . "  What about the right for the Palestinians to protect themselves to protect their people ? " Hamdan said . "  The international solution is asking Israel to leave but they 're not doing that . " Electricity and water sources affected More than 500 homes in Gaza have been destroyed or severely damaged , more than 3,000 Palestinians are displaced and hundreds of thousands have been affected by damage to water infrastructure , a spokesman for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees  UNRWA  told CNN . Electricity is knocked out in major areas of Gaza City , and at least one major line was struck , repaired and promptly struck again , spokesman Chris Gunness said . Nine UNRWA schools have been damaged , he said . On Saturday , some UMRWA warehouses caught on fire , but the cause was a militant rocket that fell short and struck on Palestinian territory . At least 28 Palestinian children have lost their lives in the recent fighting , and others are beginning to show signs of mental distress , said Catherine Weibel , communications chief for the United Nations Children 's Fund  UNICEF  . Israel says , as of Saturday , its military has attacked 1,220 "  terror targets , " including 632 launchers , 130 military camps , 106 "  terror infrastructure " and 220 tunnels . That level of specificity has little meaning in Gaza , where a public utility official told CNN that water , not terror , infrastructure has been hit . Two Gaza water wells took direct hits Saturday , Gaza director of public water Maher Salem said . These water sources , which supply water to 27,000 people , "  no longer exist , " he said . No de-escalation Though some Israelis have been wounded , none have been killed by the hundreds of rockets fired by Hamas and other militant groups in Gaza . Israel 's Iron Dome defense system has intercepted dozens of rockets , helping keep fatalities at bay . Hostilities between the two sides escalated this month after the killing of three Israeli teenagers and a Palestinian teen . Neither Hamas nor Israel appear to be backing down , prompting fears of a ground invasion by the latter . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu left all possibilities open , saying the international community will not influence his actions against Hamas . He reiterated that there is one path to a cease-fire : the cessation of attacks from Gaza . The language seems clear -- each side demands the other to stop -- but it seems the two sides ca n't hear each other while they have their hands pressed on the "  launch " button . In another incident Saturday , an Israeli airstrike killed six Palestinians in Gaza City , according to local medical sources . An Israeli airstrike hit a group of people near Khan Younis , killing a young girl and injuring five others , according to medical and security sources in Gaza . Attackers in Gaza opened fire and damaged an IDF vehicle patrolling the security fence in northern Gaza , the IDF said . What 's next ? On Saturday , not all of the rockets fired from Gaza landed in Israel . At least two rockets hit open areas in the West Bank . The IDF reported that it has called up more than 35,600 reservists . They are authorized to call up to 40,000 . As concerns of a ground invasion by Israeli forces grow , foreigners in Gaza are planning their exit . One of the only crossing points between Israel and Gaza , at Erez , has received about 800 requests by civilians with foreign citizenship to leave , officials there told CNN . The 800 requests have come in over the past three days and have been approved , a crossing official said . That figure includes about 300 Americans , though that number is unofficial , the source said . Medical sources described overcrowded emergency rooms in Gaza and dwindling stocks of medicine , a situation that mirrored Syrian hospitals at the height of its civil war . At one damaged hospital , eight activists formed a human shield in an attempt to protect it . The activists who formed a human shield are from various countries , including the United States , Venezuela , Belgium , Britain and Switzerland , said Dr. Basman Al-Ashi , executive director of the Al-Wafa hospital . He said the hospital caters to patients who need 24-hour care , and thus can not evacuate them . Hamas and other militant groups in Gaza are believed to have about 10,000 rockets of varying ranges , according to the Israeli military . Israel has said some 3.5 million residents live in areas within reach of the rockets . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Tal Heinrich , Khalil Abdallah and Yon Pomrenze in Jerusalem , Talal Abu Rahma in Gaza , and Samira Said and Faith Karimi in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Israeli forces invade a Gaza missile site Sunday , then return NEW : The death toll in Gaza is now 160 A Saturday night airstrike kills 15 Medical sources describe overcrowded emergency rooms in Gaza
CNN  -- The tennis world is in mourning after Elena Baltacha died at the age of 30 after losing her battle with liver cancer . Baltacha , who was born in Ukraine , had retired from the sport in November 2013 . "  We are heartbroken beyond words at the loss of our beautiful , talented and determined Bally , " read a statement from Nino Severino , Baltacha 's husband and long-time coach . "  She was an amazing person and she touched so many people with her inspirational spirit , her warmth and her kindness . " Aged 19 , Baltacha was diagnosed with primary sclerosing cholangitis , a condition that effects the bile ducts and the liver . Baltacha turned pro in 1997 and spent 132 weeks as British No. 1 between December 2009 and June 2012 . She won 11 International Tennis Federation Pro Circuit titles , reached the third round of Wimbledon in 2002 and advanced to the third round of the Australian Open as recently as 2010 . In September 2010 she reached a career-high 49th in the world rankings . The final event of her playing career was the 2013 U.S. Open last September , where she was defeated during the pre-tournament qualifying competition . Baltacha 's father Sergei was a footballer who played for the Soviet Union at the 1982 World Cup . "  She was fighter during her days in sport and she is a fighter now , " the former Dynamo Kiev player told CNN just weeks before the death of his daughter . "  I would like to say thanks to everyone who is support  ing  us , sending message , emails , calling us to give us support or offer any advice or you know . "  Most importantly we are all together , fighting all together . " A charity event , called The Rally Against Cancer -- Rally For Bally , will be held on June 15 with a host of tennis greats set to turn out in support . Wimbledon champion Andy Murray and 18-time grand slam winner Martina Navratilova are among the names set to take to the court at London 's Queen 's Club . A number of tennis legends took to social media to pay their respects to Baltacha with American Billie Jean King tweeting : "  Saddened to hear about Elena Baltacha 's passing . "  My fondest memory w/Bally was sharing a wonderful chat when we met the Queen at Wimbledon . " King 's compatriot Chris Evert also paid her respects , saying , "  Rest in Peace , beautiful Elena Baltacha ... No words ... Thoughts and prayers ... " People we 've lost in 2014	British tennis player Elena Baltacha dies aged 30 Baltacha revealed she had liver cancer in March The Ukraine-born star was diagnosed with primary sclerosing cholangitis at 19 Baltacha spent 132 weeks as British No. 1 between December 2009 and June 2012
Oprah.com  -- Grandma 's waiting for me on a lone bench in the heat , just beyond her building 's shaded front entrance . She 's wearing denim capris and a lightweight cable-knit sweater that precisely matches the yellow patent leather moccasins on her feet . Saucer-sized sunglasses block out her face , and her silvery hair is cut short and chic . I did n't want to meet Grandma out here . At 86 , she 's declared herself done with sunscreen . Could n't we meet at her room instead ? "  It 's not a room , " she snapped . "  That 's offensive . This is n't a nursing home . It 's my apartment . " More specifically , it 's the senior living residence she 's come to rule . Social dominance is n't something I ever expected from my grandmother . Except when spending time with the family , she 's mostly kept to herself . After my grandfather 's heart stopped beating in 1965 , Grandma gradually did away with the supper clubs and bowling leagues . Friends who still had husbands , she felt , could n't empathize , and so she isolated herself . There were kids to feed , bills to pay , clocks to punch . Dating ? No chance . Grandma did interact with new men all the time , but as a saleswoman . She picked out shirts and ties , pocket squares and cuff links , like she had for her husband , but in a way that would never again leave her vulnerable to loss . The wall Grandma had built around herself did n't start crumbling until eight years ago , when she moved in to a senior residence in suburban Detroit . Instantly there were people to deal with -- everywhere and at all times . Grandma was the new girl . Seven decades removed from high school , and she was once again confronting the notion of how to fit in . Her first year there , instead of spending winter in Florida with my aunt like she usually did , Grandma opted to stay in Michigan , where it was freezing , primarily so she would n't come back to dining hall exile . Oprah.com : Becoming a grandmother A lot has changed since then . Now Grandma holds an important elected seat on the residents ' council , and enforces behavioral standards at the tables where she eats her meals and plays her card games . When one woman dared wag a finger at her over a perceived canasta infraction , Grandma almost snapped it off . When a new resident wanted to sit at Grandma 's dinner table , Grandma said the matter had to be put to a vote . Grandma , it seems , had morphed into a senior citizen Mean Girl . Grandma wants to show me her people . When she leads me inside , a hierarchy emerges . Here , there are two types of women : standers and sitters . Mobility is the first obvious social signifier . The more one gets around , the more people one talks to ; the more people one talks to , the more friends one makes . Earlier in life , this might be called schmoozing or flirting . Here it 's called "  Thank God I Can Still Move . " But sitters , too , have their own pecking order . I notice a group clustered near a woman with a lion 's mane of white hair , some chunky orange jewels hanging around her neck . And while she clearly commands a certain respect among her clique , she lacks the mojo of a stander like Grandma , who never stops to sink into the couches where sitters sometimes doze off . "  In the lobby ! " she says , indignant . "  It makes it look like old people live here . If they want to sleep , they should go back to their beds . " Grandma 's not shy about publicly vocalizing her disgust for slackers who reflect poorly on the group . When she tells a neighbor her hair looks like a "  dishmop , " the woman actually replies , "  Thank you for letting me know . " Under her breath , Grandma tells me , "  Here , they appreciate my honesty . " No , she is n't shy with criticism -- Grandma informed me recently that my girlfriend moved out because I 'd never make enough money to satisfy a woman , and that my writing had possibly peaked . But she 's never really trained her sharp tongue on anyone but family . Her willingness to unleash it here is a measure of her newfound confidence in her position . On the way to current events class , we meet a man who tells Grandma she "  really fills out her outfit , " as good a catcall as you 'll get around here . Earlier , Grandma explained her position on male attention . "  I allow some of the men here to flirt with me , " she said . "  I tease them , but what do I need a man for ? Your grandfather 's been gone for 45 years . After him , there 's nothing else . " It 's obvious she puts some effort into self-presentation , though , as do the other ladies here . Wardrobe matching now serves the same purpose as showing skin once did ; sync the beading on your cardigan with the details on your brocade socks and you 'll really start turning heads . Oprah.com : The perfect recipe for family Once class begins , Grandma scolds a woman sitting behind us who believes she is whispering , but whose busted hearing aid has made it impossible for her to gauge what a whisper is . "  We have a speaker ! " Grandma barks . Everyone applauds . The man at the lectern , who is well into his tenth decade of life , continues part two of his three-part series on the collapse of the economy : "  It 's hard for young people today , " he says , "  to earn a decent wage . " Grandma bumps my shoulder with hers . I 'm unsure whether the contact is commentary on my occupational status or evidence of a balance issue . Before dinner , as she does every night , Grandma occupies a table just outside the dining room . "  I hold court , " she says , and almost as soon as she says it , people begin to congregate around her . Every seat is saved for the regular cast -- all standers , no sitters . When a woman who is n't part of the group tries to claim a chair , just for a minute so she can tie her shoe , Grandma tells her she 'd better move on , and swiftly ; the seat is spoken for . "  Everyone 's happy where they are , " Grandma says . "  If you try to take anybody 's seat , they 'll kill you . " At dinner I 'm quick to say hi to the latest addition at the table , the woman most recently voted in . Her magenta sweater set perfectly matches the detail work on her cane , which marks her as a potential player . The other ladies quickly jump into a conversation about what they should name their Wii bowling team ; one suggests the Cougars . Then they try to peer-pressure the new girl into ditching her cane for a walker . Essentially , it 's the same conversation younger women have about losing their virginity : all about what other people will think , how it will change you , and how to manipulate a new apparatus without getting hurt . "  You 'll get used to it , " they tell the new girl . "  It 's only hard at first . " I keep waiting for Grandma to speak up , but she 's surprisingly above the fray , working very hard at cutting up a friend 's food . "  Macular degeneration , " Grandma tells me . The queen bee precisely tracks everybody 's ailments . Grandma turns the woman 's plate into a diagram for manageable eating , separating the tuna salad from the wax beans from the roasted potatoes , grouping each thing into a perfectly formed triangle . If she 's newly emboldened to boss around people outside the family , it seems she 's also found genuine strength in being needed , in rediscovering the moxie it takes to give . When the meal is over , Grandma ambles to the corner of the room to retrieve a friend 's walker . Grandma should n't be getting around without her own walker , but I think she finds it useful here to demonstrate that she still can . On her way back , she stops to speak with a woman whose face looked normal yesterday but today resembles a mask of rotten plums . She has fallen and bruised herself severely . Grandma did this once , too . I 'm watching , actually fearing that my new alpha grandma is about to administer some tough love . I 'm ready to see tears . But as Grandma walks back toward me , I notice that the woman , so brutally and freshly injured , is somehow ... smiling . I ask Grandma what she could possibly have said . "  I 've learned compassion here , " she tells me , simply . She knows I 'm stunned . "  I smile at everyone now . I 'm finally at peace . You should come to choir practice tomorrow . I want you to hear me sing . " Oprah.com : 8 trick holiday situations and how to overcome them Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Howie Kahn 's grandmother takes control of her senior residence in suburban Detroit "  I allow some of the men here to flirt with me , " she says Mobility is the most obvious social signifier Grandma : "  I 've learned compassion here . I smile at everyone now "
CNN  -- The Food and Drug Administration has issued a final decision to reclassify sunlamp products and ultraviolet or UV lamps used in indoor tanning salons . The federal agency has changed the labeling requirements from low-risk to moderate-risk devices . They are also requiring the products carry a black box , visible to consumers , that states the products should not be used on people under age 18 . Although a black box is the FDA 's strongest warning , this does not outlaw or restrict these devices for minors . According to the FDA , the lamps emit UV radiation that may cause skin cancer . The American Academy of Dermatology says studies have shown people who have been exposed to UV rays from indoor tanning have a 59 % increase of developing melanoma , the most dangerous form of skin cancer . "  The FDA has taken an important step today to address the risk to public health from sunlamp products , " said Dr. Jeffrey Shuren , director of the FDA 's Center for Devices and Radiological Health . "  Repeated UV exposure from sunlamp products poses a risk of skin cancer for all users , but the highest risk for skin cancer is in young persons under the age of 18 and people with a family history of skin cancer . " Representatives for the Indoor Tanning Association , which represents indoor tanning manufacturers and distributors across the country , said they believe the FDA is responding to pressure from certain interest groups to put stronger regulations on indoor tanning beds . "  I just do n't think the science is there , " said John Overstreet , executive director of the association . "  I think it 's blown out of proportion . We are obviously disappointed in the FDA 's latest moves . " The association 's website promotes indoor tanning 's "  well-known side effect " of exposing skin to UV light as producing more vitamin D , which "  plays an important role in maintaining good health . " It suggests the "  health benefits of indoor tanning deserve further research . " In 2009 , the World Health Organization classified tanning beds as "  carcinogenic to humans . " Skin cancer experts say it is about time these changes be put into effect . "  For years we have watched more and more people being diagnosed with melanoma , the deadliest form of skin cancer . Today the Food and Drug Administration made a decision that may turn that trend around , " said Tim Turnham , executive director for the Melanoma Research Foundation . "  Like the tobacco industry , tanning salons market an addictive product disproportionately to teenagers and young women , playing on common insecurities . " "  The FDA 's decision to more strictly regulate tanning beds will save lives and serve as a valuable resource in efforts to slow down the increasing rate of melanoma , particularly in the young . By classifying tanning beds as Class II devices , tanning salons will now be required to demonstrate they are properly maintaining their equipment , " he said . Noting this is a good first step , other dermatologists said they hope the FDA will do more . Dr. George Verghese , director of Mid-Atlantic Skin Surgery Institute in Waldorf , Maryland , said he sees far too many patients at the practice with skin cancer . Many of them made tanning beds a regular habit . "  Those who use tanning beds on a regular basis , especially teens , have 10 times the risk of developing all three types of skin cancer , including melanoma , which is deadly , " Verghese said . "  My youngest melanoma patient was 18 . She was using tanning beds since she was 13 . She has a huge scar on her back and is constantly being monitored . I think there should be restrictions on these devices for those under the age of 18 , because teens do n't understand the consequences , especially when they use the beds frequently , " Verghese said . "  I feel the black box will help , but there needs to be more restrictions put into place . " Even though there has been a push for the FDA to restrict people under 18 from using tanning beds , the FDA said that is not what the latest changes are about . "  That is an action  restricting teens from using tanning beds  we are willing to consider , " said Nancy Stade , deputy director for policy at the Center for Devices and Radiological Health at the FDA , "  But this is not what we are addressing today . " "  Restricting teens ' access to indoor tanning is critical to preventing skin cancer . As medical doctors who diagnose and treat skin cancer , dermatologists are committed to reducing its incidence and saving lives , " said Dr. Brett M. Coldiron , a board-certified dermatologist and president of the American Academy of Dermatology Association . "  Therefore , we will continue to communicate to the FDA the need for stricter regulations on the use and sale of indoor tanning devices for minors under the age of 18 . "	FDA changes label requirements for sunlamps and UV lamps The FDA reclassifies them as "  moderate-risk devices " instead of "  low-risk " Dermatologists call for even stronger regulations
CNN  -- After six months of negotiations with Kansas prosecutors , a veteran accused of stalking with intent to harm members of the controversial Westboro Baptist Church pleaded guilty to lesser charges , his lawyer said . Former Army Sgt. Ryan Newell pleaded guilty Thursday to two counts of false impersonation of an officer Thursday , a misdemeanor in Kansas . Newell received a six-month suspended sentence on each count and was given two years on probation , said his lawyer , Boyd McPherson . McPherson said the negotiations were long , but his team and the district attorney 's office in Wichita wanted to ensure that the charges were made "  when the timing was ripe . " "  Without getting into the personal details of Mr. Newell 's life , the state wanted to ensure that Sgt. Newell was in a position that the behavior that got him into this original situation would n't be repeated , " McPherson said . Newell was charged with stalking church members and the Phelps family that runs Westboro Baptist in December . The church has garnered media attention for protesting at funerals of military servicemen who have died during the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , claiming that the deaths of U.S. troops are God 's punishment for America 's "  sin of homosexuality . " Despite the lengthy talks with prosecutors , the attorney described Thursday 's outcome as unexpected . "  I 'm sure his family is pleased with the outcome and that this chapter of his life is closed and they can move forward , " McPherson said . "  But I do n't know that they realized it would be over today . " Newell , of Marion , Kansas , originally faced charges of conspiracy to commit aggravated battery and three misdemeanor counts of criminal use of weapons . At the time of his arrest , Sedgwick County , Kansas , police recovered an M4 assault rile , a .45 - caliber Glock , a .38 - caliber Smith & Wesson pistol and 90 rounds of ammunition . Newell is a retired turret gunner who lost both legs to an improvised bomb in Afghanistan in 2008 . Newell entered into an unspecified treatment program as a condition of his release on bail , and his attorney said he has improved dramatically since then . "  I feel that he is doing wonderfully in every aspect of his life , whereas when he came to me , there were a number of layers that were n't functioning as well , " McPherson said .	Former Sgt. Ryan Newell pleads guilty to two counts of impersonating an officer He was originally charged with stalking members of Westboro Baptist Church The church is infamous for protesting at funerals of deceased soldiers Newell lost both legs during his tour of duty in Afghanistan
CNN  -- The Australian victim of an alleged "  thrill killing " in the United States was laid to rest in his hometown Wednesday , as an autopsy report revealed he was killed by a single shot to the back . Hundreds of mourners packed Melbourne 's St Therese 's Church Wednesday for the funeral of Christopher Lane , who was studying in the United States on a baseball scholarship when he was allegedly gunned down at random on August 16 . The autopsy report , released Tuesday , showed Lane , a student at Oklahoma 's East Central University , was killed by a single bullet that hit his back , penetrated both lungs , his aorta and pulmonary artery , and fractured two ribs . One of the three teens arrested over the 22-year-old 's death allegedly told police in Duncan , Oklahoma , that they had decided to kill someone because they were bored . Opinion : Negligent parents , lawbreaking kids Two of the teens -- James Edwards Jr. , 15 , and Chancey Luna , 16 -- have been charged as adults with first-degree murder over the shooting , while another , 17-year-old Michael Jones , is accused of being an accessory and driving a vehicle during the discharge of a weapon . The senselessness of the killing caused outrage in Australia and the U.S. , with former Australian deputy Prime Minister Tim Fischer calling for a boycott on travel to the U.S. in response , and President Barack Obama expressing his condolences to Lane 's family . Opinion : Let 's have the conversation about race The case also prompted speculation the killing may have been racially-motivated , as one of the alleged shooters , who is black , had allegedly made online comments about disliking white people . District Attorney Jason Hicks said while the post appeared racial in character , there was insufficient evidence to pursue hate crime charges in the case . Opinion : When racial cliches drive murder stories Lane 's American girlfriend , Sarah Harper , was among the mourners at the funeral , having accompanied his body home to Australia on Saturday . She had attended a tribute game Sunday with Lane 's family and friends at Melbourne 's Essendon Baseball Club , where Lane had been a member .	Lane was killed by a single shot to the back , according to autopsy The 22-year-old was buried in his hometown of Melbourne on Wednesday Lane was studying in Oklahoma on a baseball scholarship when he was allegedly shot at random One of the 3 teens arrested allegedly told police they had shot Lane out of boredom
With its skies regularly shrouded by a filthy film of gray smog , bringing chaos to the transportation network and forcing millions to seek refuge behind surgical masks , Beijing has been forced to take more extreme action . Officials in China 's capital this week announced a raft of emergency measures in a bid to tackle the problem , including mandatory factory closures and bans on cars entering the city on days when pollution levels are particularly high . While Beijing is not alone when it comes to smoke-filled skies , this city of more than 20 million people has come to symbolize the environmental cost of China 's break-neck economic growth . Red alert The city 's Heavy Air Pollution Contingency Plan stipulates that when there is "  serious pollution for three consecutive days , " a warning system comprising of blue , yellow , orange and red -- the most serious -- alerts will be activated . Kindergartens , primary and middle schools will then have to stop classes , while 80 % of government-owned cars must be taken off the roads . Private cars will only be allowed to enter the city on alternate days according to ballot system of the numbers on their registration plates . All freight vehicles and those transporting material for construction sites will be barred from the roads when the red alert is issued , while more watering carts and sprinkler trucks will take to the roads , the state-run China Daily reported . Factories in the city emitting pollutants will be required to cut their emissions or shut down completely when the orange warning signal is hoisted , while construction sites must halt excavation and demolition operations . Other measures include a ban on barbeques and fireworks on heavily polluted days . Harmful to health According to the plan , these emergency measures will come into play when the air quality index for fine particulate matter , PM2 .5 -- airborne particles considered most harmful to health -- exceeds 300 micrograms per cubic meter for three days running . The "  safe " limit is 25 micrograms , the World Health Organization says . While the announcement has been broadly welcomed as a step in the right direction , doubt remains about its long-term effectiveness . "  The new emergency measures show the government 's determination to tackle the air pollution in Beijing , especially those regulations that limit car use and close schools and kindergartens on heavily polluted days . It shows that the authority has really paid attention to those vulnerable groups , " Huang Wei , a spokesman for Greenpeace East Asia , told CNN . "  But what is problematic is that those emergency measures are only targeted to those polluted days . It is rather a remedial measure than a preventative measure , and just to repair wo n't help the issue in the long run . "  The air pollution in Beijing is mostly transmitted from other cities , and what Beijing can do is very limited . What the authority should do is to build a linkage mechanism , combining preventative measures with emergency control . For instance , factories in surrounding areas like Inner Mongolia , and Shandong Province could close their factories in advance before the potential transmission of serious pollutants . It should be collaborative work between cities , and only Beijing is not enough . " Popular opinion This view was backed by many ordinary Chinese on Weibo , China 's popular micro-blogging service . "  They should have some long-term thinking instead of always waiting till the crisis happens , " posted one user with the handle Shijinmilu . Another , called Qinghualiuqingyu , asked : "  How about those people who ca n't afford an expensive house in the city and have to take cars to work every day ? " "  Cars are not the main polluters , surrounding factories are . Sometimes the pollution level still goes up crazily even it 's around 2 or 3 a.m. . The policy itself is good , but it 's more important how they implement it , " said TangyuanAllesGute . Positive action Last month , the central government in China announced plans to start listing its top ten most air-polluted cities every month in the hope that national humiliation will push positive environmental action . "  We must put air quality control as an ecological red line for economic management and social development , " China 's Vice Premier Zhang Gao Li said in a statement as he announced the new policy at the 18th Air Pollution Control Conference in Beijing . Chinese officials did not say when the first list would be announced , but the northern megacities of Beijing and Tianjin , as well as the surrounding provinces of Hebei , Shanxi , Inner Mongolia and Shandong have signed onto an official plan to speed up air pollution control measures . Meanwhile , life was returning to some semblance of normality in northeastern China Wednesday as days of smog-filled skies brought one city to a standstill . Thick smog closed Harbin 's international airport , affecting hundreds of flights , and closed schools and businesses as visibility in some areas was reduced to less than 20 meters  65 feet  . Some buildings could barely be seen from the opposite side of the street , while drivers brave enough to take to the roads were forced to flash their hazard warning lights . The unusually severe pollution levels were blamed on the city 's coal-fired heating system , as well as farmers burning straw as temperatures in the region begin to drop .	Beijing authorities to close factories , reduce vehicle traffic to reduce pollution Emergency measures come into effect after "  three consecutive days " of smog China 's capital has symbolized the environmental cost of economic growth Environmentalists say plan must involve more than one city
With her distinctive sleek braid and fiery oratory , Yulia Tymoshenko is back in the center stage of Ukraine politics . And it 's almost like she never left . Tymoshenko , 53 , was freed from prison Saturday after two-and-a-half years , most of them spent in a detention hospital . Dressed in black , she later emerged at Kiev 's Independence Square in a wheel chair . Cheers erupted . Tearfully , she hailed the sea of protesters , who listened and occasionally waved . "  Today , Ukraine has finished with this terrible dictator , " she said , referring to ousted President Viktor Yanukovych . She then passed on a not-so-subtle message . "  There 'll be no Ukraine but the Ukraine you want , " she said . "  And I 'm the guarantor of that Ukraine . " The polarizing former Prime Minister has a complicated relationship with Yanukovych , who fled the capital Saturday after days of bloody protests that killed dozens . Both have dominated the nation 's politics for years . Both have a rivalry that dates years . READ MORE : Who 's in charge of Ukraine ? Rise and fall Tymoshenko was born in 1960 in Dnipropetrovsk . Before she joined politics , she worked in the gas industry , including a stint as president of an energy company in the 1990s . Her international popularity soared a decade ago as a result of her ardent speeches that helped overturn Yanukovych 's presidential win in 2004 . She 's considered a hero of the country 's 2004 Orange Revolution , a wave of peaceful protests that swept her and Viktor Yushchenko into power as Prime Minister and President , respectively . Track how the crisis unfolded in Ukraine The same revolution successfully overturned what many believed was a largely false presidential win by Yanukovych . But the promise of the revolution soon turned sour . The two feuded publicly , prompting Yushchenko to fire her a few months into her term . In 2007 , Tymoshenko was back as Prime Minister . But she was dogged by accusations of irregularities and overlooking the nation 's economic problems . Her tense working relation with Yushchenko did not help their case . Analysts say it was one of the reasons she lost to Yanukovych in the 2010 presidential elections . Who 's who in Ukraine unrest Forced out After Yanukovych won that election , Tymoshenko , was forced out of office and into the courtroom . In 2011 , she was on trial over a costly natural gas agreement that she signed with Russia while she was Prime Minister . In October of that year , a Ukrainian court found her guilty of abuse of authority for signing overpriced gas contracts with Russia and sentenced her to seven years in prison . The prosecutor said the gas deals inflicted damage to the country amounting to more than 1.5 billion hryvnias  almost $ 190 million at the exchange rate at the time  . In addition to the sentence , the court ruled she must repay the money . Amnesty International slammed the verdict as "  politically motivated " and called for the release of Tymoshenko , who was Prime Minister from January to September 2005 , and December 2007 to March 2010 . The case against her was widely considered politically motivated , and the United States and other Western nations called her "  a political prisoner . " Hunger strike Her activism work continued while she was behind bars . Two years ago , she went on a hunger strike to draw attention to "  violence and lack of rights "  after she was allegedly beaten unconscious by guards . She ended her hunger strike after three weeks and agreed to receive medical treatment . Tymoshenko was freed Saturday after parliament ordered charges against her dropped . She went from her hospital bed , and into the twists and turns of Ukrainian politics . 20 questions : What 's behind Ukraine 's political crisis ?	"  I 'm the guarantor of that Ukraine , " she tells a crowd She has had a complicated relationship with Yanukovych She was imprisoned for signing a gas deal with Russia
Simferopol , Ukraine  CNN  -- Amid the chaos in Ukraine , an odd standoff played out Sunday at one military base on the country 's Crimean peninsula . Several hundred men , wearing dark green camouflage uniforms without insignia , surrounded Ukraine 's Perevalnoye base near the Crimean capital of Simferopol , according to a CNN crew that was there . But rather than the tense scene one might expect with two forces facing off , the men -- who were on foot and in a dozen or so vehicles -- walked peacefully near 15 Ukrainian soldiers standing guard at the base . Reporters have walked right up to the men in dark green and asked them who they are , but they have refused to respond . The Ukrainian soldiers are doing the same . That mood continued amid crowds of civilians who were there to voice their opinions about the chaos that has enveloped Ukraine in recent months , starting with street protests that were sparked by President Viktor Yanukovych 's rejection of a trade deal with the European Union . Yanukovych was ousted February 22 . There has been a deepening schism in the country ever since , between those in the west -- who generally support the interim government and its European Union tilt -- and those in the east , who prefer a Ukraine where Russia casts a long shadow . Emotions are most intense in Crimea , the last major stronghold of opposition to the new political leadership . Ukraine suspects Russia of fomenting tension in the autonomous region that might escalate a bid for separation by its Russian majority . Kiev mobilized troops and called up military reservists . Russian generals led their troops to three bases in the region and demanded Ukrainian forces surrender and hand over their weapons , Vladislav Seleznyov , spokesman for the Crimean Media Center of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry , told CNN . Speaking by phone , he said Russian troops had blocked access to the bases . But , he added , "  there is no open confrontation between Russian and Ukrainian military forces in Crimea . " He said Ukrainian troops continue to protect and serve Ukraine . At the base Sunday , pro-Russian protesters chanted on one side of the street , while pro-Ukrainian protesters , including a priest and a man who read aloud from the Bible , rallied on the other . A group of women sang in support with Ukraine . Those who supported Russian intervention marched carrying Russian flags . They sang "  Crimea is part of Russia " and recited verses that suggested former Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev gave Crimea away , from Russia to Ukraine , in the 1950s without the consent of the people . There was a brief shouting match between the protesters but the peace was maintained . In the meantime , political rhetoric heated up and Ukraine 's leaders foreshadowed more ominous days ahead . "  This is a red alert . This is not a threat , " Ukrainian interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said . "  This is actually a declaration of war to my country . " Speaking in a televised address from the parliament building in Kiev , he called for Russian President Vladimir Putin to "  pull back his military and stick to the international obligations . " "  We are on the brink of the disaster . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry blasted what he described as Russia 's "  incredible act of aggression " during an appearance on CBS 's "  Face the Nation " on Sunday Other countries are "  prepared to put sanctions in place , they 're prepared to isolate Russia economically , " he said . Opinions about what is best for the region are divided . In Kiev , thousands of people rallied in the central Independence Square , the cradle of Ukraine 's three-month anti-government protests that led to Yanukovych 's ouster . The crowd held up signs reading "  Crimea , we are with you " and "  Putin , hands off Ukraine . " At a military base in Crimea , a car carrying Russian troops rolled up early Sunday morning . They commanded Ukrainian troops to lay down their weapons and mount the Russian flag , Sergei Stichenko , chief of the Central Operative Force of Ukraine 's Navy , told Crimean network ATR TV . A Russian captain ordered them to leave . Stichenko said he refused . "  I told him no one is going to leave the base . Moreover , no one is going to go to the side of the Russian Federation , " he said . "  We only obey commands from Kiev . " But back at another military base near Simferopol , a 66-year-old man named Nikolai Petukhov marched up to the entrance of the facility carrying a Russian flag . He told CNN that he hoped Putin would facilitate democratic elections in Ukraine . When asked whether he thinks Crimea should be part of Russia or Ukraine , he said , "  If you look at it logically , it should be part of Russia . " Back in the Perevalnoye base , more civilians showed up to join the protest groups . Some women held up signs that said , "  God save your people . " A Ukrainian woman named Kseniya spoke to CNN . She was skeptical that a peace would hold for long , of the men in the dark green , she said . They "  say they are here to protect us , but who will they protect us from ? " she asked . Waving a Russian flag , Petukhov , a former soldier , insists Crimea is Russian and should return to Russia with Putin 's help . MAP : How Ukraine is divided Ben Wedeman and Clare Sebastian reported from Simferopol , Ukraine , and Ashley Fantz wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Samira Said , Mark Morgenstein , Ian Lee and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	NEW : Ukrainian Navy chief : "  We obey only commands from Kiev " Men in dark green uniforms at Crimea base politely standing next to Ukrainian soldiers There is an air of calm at base with protesters chanting That calmness is in stark contrast with increasingly heated political rhetoric
Mexico City began as the home of an ancient empire and grew into a massive , modern metropolis . With more than 20 million people pulsing through its streets , it 's one of the world 's largest cities . That big-city bustle brings with it delicious food , massive markets and more cultural events in a day than anyone can ever keep track of . There 's lavish wealth , devastating poverty and a lot to discover in Mexico 's sprawling capital : 1 . Looking to set a quirky record ? Mexico City might be the world 's best place to do it . One big perk of having so many people in the same place : It 's easy to set a record if you can persuade enough of them to do the same thing at the same time . Records for the most people kissing simultaneously  39,879  , the most people dancing to Michael Jackson 's "  Thriller " at the same time  13,597  and the world 's biggest enchilada  weighing nearly 1.5 tons  have all been set inside the Mexican capital , according to Guinness World Records . 2 . Gays and lesbians are welcome . For years , Latin America 's deep-rooted ties to the Roman Catholic Church meant much of the region tended to take a more conservative tack when it came to homosexuality . But that 's started to shift in recent years , and Mexico City has been at the forefront . Same-sex marriage is legal there . So is adoption by same-sex couples . And the city has marketed itself as a destination for gay tourists . In 2010 , the city offered a free honeymoon to Latin America 's first gay couple to wed. . 3 . You might have heard about the smog . They 're working on it . Pollution in Mexico City used to be so bad that children painting pictures of the sky reportedly would color it gray , not blue . Because of its geographic location -- in a valley between mountains -- and the sheer number of cars traveling its streets , smog is a problem the city is still battling . But with government programs that encourage bike-riding and limit the number of days motorists can take to the streets , longtime residents say the pollution problem is much better than it used to be . Another innovative solution debuted last year : a hospital tower covered with a facade designed to "  eat smog , " breaking down pollutants when the sun hits it . Designers say the tiles on the facade of the Manuel Gea Gonzalez Hospital neutralize the effects of 1,000 cars every day . 4 . The city was built on a lake . It 's hard to imagine now , but much of the sprawling concrete jungle that now makes up Mexico City was once a large lake . The Aztecs constructed a massive civilization there , with Tenochtitlan serving as the capital . That city , which started out on an island and expanded to include reclaimed parts of the lake , thrived until the Spanish conquest . After winning the battle for control of the area in 1521 , Spaniards destroyed Tenochtitlan and built Mexico City on top of its ruins , using canals and roads from the Aztec city as the basis for new streets and eventually draining the lake . But they did n't entirely erase the past . That 's made for some fascinating ancient finds as Mexico City grew into a modern urban metropolis . In 1978 , electrical company workers digging near the city 's central square came upon an Aztec relic . That led to archaeologists unearthing ruins of the Templo Mayor , an Aztec temple that 's now a popular tourist destination in Mexico City . 5 . It 's sinking . It turns out the dried-out bed of a big lake is n't the best foundation for building construction . If you want proof , take a look at some of Mexico City 's most iconic structures . The sloped floor and a swinging pendulum inside the Metropolitan Cathedral show that the building is decidedly tilted . Head up Reforma Avenue to the Angel of Independence , and you 'll need to walk up steps that the city built over the years as the area around the 1910 monument sank . Government officials have estimated that the city is sinking at a rate of 10 centimeters  4 inches  per year . A recent government report  PDF  estimated that Mexico City has sunk 10 meters  32.8 feet  in the past 60 years . 6 . One of the world 's richest men lives here . Mexican telecom mogul Carlos Slim topped Forbes Magazine 's list of the world 's richest men for four years . Microsoft founder Bill Gates reclaimed the No. 1 spot this year . But Slim and his family , with an estimated net worth of $ 71.4 billion , are still sitting comfortably in second place . Slim lives in Mexico City , and many of the companies he controls are based there , too . Even if you 're just passing through the city , you 're bound to come across his holdings . Talking on a Mexican cell phone ? It 's pretty likely that it 's tied to Slim 's company , Telcel , which controls 70 % of Mexico 's wireless market . Swinging by a department store ? If you spend any time in Mexico City , you 'll probably find a reason to stop at Sanborns , Slim 's ubiquitous chain that contains restaurants , pharmacies and retail goods . Admiring beautiful buildings in the city 's historic center ? Slim helped finance a major facelift there in recent years . 7 . It 's safer than some parts of the country . Many Mexicans used to fear traveling to their nation 's capital , concerned about crime . Street assaults and kidnapping are still major worries for residents and visitors . And in high-end neighborhoods , you might find a store selling bulletproof glass near a designer clothing boutique . But the city 's homicide rate is on par with other major metropolises around the world . And with drug violence plaguing other parts of the country , Mexico City has actually earned a reputation as one of the safer places to go . 8 . It 's not just tacos and tequila . Do n't expect to find much cheesy Tex-Mex fare here . The Mexico City culinary scene is muy caliente , with fancy restaurants in posh hotels and top chefs saying they come here for inspiration . Pujol , a restaurant in the city 's posh Polanco neighborhood , ranks among the world 's top eateries . But it 's not all about fine dining . Market stalls and street stands serve up some of the city 's most delicious food . If you 're looking for tequila , it 's not hard to get it . But if you want to drink like a local , try mezcal or pulque . All three drinks are made from agave plants . Tequila comes from blue agave . Mezcal can be made from different types of agave plants and has become a popular drink for hipsters in Mexico 's capital . So has pulque , a 2,000-year-old Aztec drink made from fermented but undistilled agave juice . 9 . The subway is fast , cheap and fascinating . While many businessmen and foreigners who live in the city rely on taxis and car services , Mexico City 's metro is still the most popular way to get around for the masses . Protests after authorities announced plans to raise fees last year were n't successful . But taking the subway is still pretty cheap : just 5 pesos  about 40 cents  for a ticket . And it 's not just a way to get from point A to point B. For some people , stations on the city 's 12 subway lines are a destination . There are shops , libraries , art exhibits and even computer labs inside . A pedestrian tunnel between two subway stations in the heart of the city boasts more than 40 bookstores . 10 . It 's not all loud noise and concrete . If you need a break from the bustle , it takes only a short subway ride in Mexico City to reach places where you 'll feel like you stepped back in time . Neighborhoods like San Angel and Coyoacan  where artists Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo made their home  have cobblestone streets , beautiful buildings and quaint cafes that will give you a chance to catch your breath .	Mexico City 's metro area is one of the world 's largest , with more than 20 million people The huge population makes for interesting record-setting There 's still smog and crime , but it 's not as bad as you think
CNN  Pope Francis will visit Cuba on his way to the United States in September , the Vatican said Wednesday -- a trip that will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries . The exact timing of the Cuba trip was n't immediately released , but the Vatican said the Pope would stop in Cuba before his planned late September stops in Washington , New York and Philadelphia . In Havana 's Cathedral Square , people reacted joyously to the news . "  The Pope coming here , maybe he could ... make more positive ways for Cubans to go towards religion , more than politics , " said Raul Garcia , a Cuban-American who returned to the island . "  I think it 's going to be a very good visit , very beneficial for the country . " "  We are waiting for him . We 're very happy he is coming , " said Ulises , a man who sells brightly colored paintings of antique cars to tourists on the street next to the sprawling Havana Cathedral . "  He should come and get to know it and walk around the pretty spots in Havana . " Cuba 's state-run television reported that Francis would visit , but like the Vatican did not report exactly when he would arrive . Francis , the first pope from Latin America , played a role in restarting diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States , earning praise from both U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro . The Pope made personal pleas to Obama and Cuban leaders in private letters , writing that the two nations should try to reset their relations after decades of friction . The Vatican also hosted talks between U.S. and Cuban delegations in October , where they hashed out aspects of a new trade policy and discussed the release of jailed American contractor Alan Gross , who was freed as part of the detente between the two countries . "  I want to thank His Holiness , Pope Francis , whose moral example shows us the importance of pursuing the world as it should be , rather than simply settling for the world as it is , " Obama said in December as he announced a U.S. policy shift on Cuba . Since his election in 2013 , Pope Francis has displayed a deep interest in international affairs . He repeatedly urged Western leaders not to bomb Syria , hosted a prayer service between Israeli and Palestinian leaders at the Vatican and waded into diplomatic controversy last week by referring to the killing of 1.5 million Armenians a century ago as a "  genocide . " The latter move deeply upset Turkish leaders , who recalled their Vatican ambassador . The Pope is expected to continue his international activism in July with a trip to South America , where he will visit Ecuador , Bolivia and Paraguay . In late September , Francis will visit Washington , where he will address Congress ; New York , where he will address the U.N. General Assembly ; and Philadelphia , where he will celebrate a public Mass that 's expected to draw more than 1 million people . Francis will be the third consecutive leader of the Roman Catholic Church to visit Cuba . St. John Paul II stopped there for several days in 1998 , and Pope Benedict XVI visited for three days in 2012 . Church officials in Havana said that they expect Francis ' visit to be shorter than those of his predecessors . Officials from the Vatican are expected to travel to the island soon to finalize logistics for Francis ' trip , the officials said CNN 's Patrick Oppmann reported from Havana . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report from Rome .	Trip will come before Pope Francis arrives in United States Francis played key role in re-establishing diplomatic ties between Cuba and U.S.
CNN  -- Going against his personal views , Pennsylvania 's governor wo n't challenge a federal judge 's ruling striking his state 's same-sex marriage ban , paving the way for gay and lesbian couples to marry there . Gov. Tom Corbett announced his decision in a statement Wednesday , a day after U.S. District Judge John E. Jones became the latest federal judge to declare a state 's restriction of marriage to one man and one woman to be unconstitutional . Pennsylvania officials will "  follow ... the provisions of Judge Jones ' order with respect for all parties , " the governor said . State Attorney General Kathleen Kane has also announced that she will not defend Pennsylvania 's same-sex marriage ban because of what she believes is "  the unconstitutionality of this law . " That means that while other entities could file appeals of their own , they are unlikely to have legal standing and therefore affect what happens in Pennsylvania . Corbett -- a Republican who just won his party 's primary in pursuit of a re-election bid and , as he points out , a Roman Catholic -- said in his statement Wednesday that he still personally believes "  that marriage is between one man and one woman . " His decision not to stand by that belief in court comes after "  a judgment as to the likelihood of a successful appeal . " "  Given the high legal threshold set forth by Judge Jones in this case , the case is extremely unlikely to succeed on appeal , " Corbett said . "  Therefore , after review of the opinion and on the advice of my Commonwealth legal team , I have decided not appeal . " State-by-state : Developments on same-sex marriage Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage , slammed Corbett for opting "  to defend himself and his political aspirations " rather than the traditional definition of marriage . "  Governor Corbett is abandoning marriage with this choice , " Brown said on his organization 's blog . "  He is also turning his back on the people of Pennsylvania and selling out his principles precisely when it is most necessary that he stand by them ! " Yet others applauded Corbett 's decision . Those supportive voices include Jeff Cook-McCormac , a senior adviser with the American Unity Fund , a PAC dedicated to making a conservative case for "  the cause of freedom for gay and lesbian Americans . " Cook-McCormac said Corbett "  did the right thing today , preventing a prolonged , divisive debate and providing much needed certainty for loving Pennsylvania families . " "  Like Republican Governors Christie , Martinez and Sandoval before him , Governor Corbett recognizes there are thoughtful people with sincerely held beliefs on both sides of this issue and his decision allows his state to move forward and focus on the priorities citizens are concerned most about , " Cook-McCormac added . Jones ' decision was the latest in a wave of rulings against state prohibitions on same-sex marriage in the 11 months since the U.S. Supreme Court struck down part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act . That 5-4 opinion , written by Justice Anthony Kennedy , did not directly affect individual states ' laws restricting marriage based on sexual orientation . But many federal judges have cited his decision on United States v. Windsor in their judgments , as well as the argument that same-sex marriage bans violate the 14th Amendment of the U.S. Constitution . Most of these court rulings have been stayed -- meaning that , for now , marriage prohibitions remain in place -- until appeals courts , and possibly the Supreme Court , weigh in . Already , judges in the 10th Circuit out of Denver and 4th Circuit out of Richmond , Virginia , have heard appeals . All this movement in legal circles comes amid a significant shift in public opinion in recent years . Several states moved to allow gay and lesbian marriages last year on their own volition . A Gallup survey released Wednesday showed that 55 % of respondents support laws granting same-sex couples equal rights to traditional marriages , the highest such number since Gallup began polling on this question in 1996 . Support for same-sex marriage increases Federal judge strikes down Oregon 's ban	NEW : A conservative leader accuses Gov. Tom Corbett of "  abandoning marriage " Corbett says he believes marriage should be between one man , one woman Still , he decides against fighting a decision striking state 's same-sex marriage ban "  The case is extremely unlikely to succeed on appeal , " Corbett says
CNN  -- Wild Oats XI crossed the line first in the 66th Rolex Sydney to Hobart yacht race on Tuesday , but the Australian super maxi 's fifth victory in the annual event is in doubt due to an official protest . Wild Oats and British entry Ran were both reported by the race committee a few hours earlier after breaking safety rules by failing to make radio contact , and a hearing will be held on Wednesday . "  Both have reported only by telephone , which does not comply , so the protests were lodged at 5.05 p.m. today , " committee chairman Tim Cox said . The rules are in place after six people died when severe weather conditions hit the 1998 race , sinking five yachts and forcing a record 66 to retire . Official race website "  This is a fundamental safety issue , " Cox said . "  Should a situation occur , we can not organize search and rescue operations via telephones . I consider this a serious breach . " The 100-foot Wild Oats , skippered by Australian Mark Richards , sailed into the Tasmanian capital two days , seven hours , 37 minutes and 20 seconds after leaving Sydney Harbor , having led most of the way . "  A few people got their facts mixed up , " Richards said . "  We 've got some of the most accredited yachtsmen and women on this boat . We 've won numerous world championships . We 've dealt with juries all our lives and we 're very confident we did everything by the book . "  It is disappointing . There is no way that as skipper I would have left Green Cape -LSB- on the south coast of New South Wales -RSB- without knowing we were 100 % compliant with the rules . " Weather batters Sydney-Hobart race fleet Wild Oats finished second last year , breaking a run of four successive victories . But this time Richards and crew safely negotiated gale-force conditions which led to 16 boats retiring to finish well ahead of their rivals , completing their journey up the Derwent River at 8:37 p.m. local time  0937 GMT . Second-placed Investec Royal finished almost four hours later , having been becalmed in sight of the docks . Its skipper Sean Langman reported that his boat -- crewed by sports stars including former cricketer Matthew Hayden , rugby players Phil Kearns and Phil Waugh plus surfing world champion Layne Beachley and swimmer Geoff Huegill -- had experienced several problems . "  The damage we sustained was to the reef lines earlier and some tack lines on the headsail which , running without a headsail , put us an hour back . Also , a fuel tank broke lose . These tanks carry so much fuel that you 've got a quarter of a ton to manhandle , which is difficult , " he said on Tuesday . "  We did n't realize that we had a substantial leak in the bow and carried on with a ton and a half of water , which we only detected this morning . We have a watertight bulkhead up there and when we opened it , water came pouring out . " Peter Millard 's Lahana crossed the line in third , an improvement on last year 's eighth placing . Ran , skippered by Niklas Zennstrom and one of the pre-race favorites for line honors , had yet to finish .	Wild Oats XI faces protest hearing on Wednesday after allegedly breaking rules It was the first yacht home in Rolex Sydney to Hobart race for fifth time in six years Race committee alleges that 100-foot super maxi did not make required radio contact Skipper Mark Richards rejects the accusation , which was also leveled at British entry Ran
Slovyansk , Ukraine  CNN  -- CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh and his team traveled to Slovyansk , in the north of the Donetsk region , on April 26 . He has filed daily reports from the area as the crisis in eastern Ukraine unfolds . This is their journey throughout the week . On Saturday , April 26 , the team went to the funeral of Alexander Lubenets , a young man who was killed at a separatist checkpoint at Kombikormovyi on the outskirts of Slovyansk . There was grief and anger at the central government in Kiev , which people say has turned against them . April 27 The team attended a bizarre news conference given -- under duress -- by captured military observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe and the self-appointed mayor of Slovyansk , Vyacheslav Ponomarev . The military observers would end up being held for more than a week , before they were freed with the intervention of an envoy of Vladimir Putin . April 28 The team traveled south of Slovyansk to the town of Kostyantinivka after reports that separatists had launched their latest move there . By now , the takeover of key buildings by pro-Russian militia has developed a familiar , smooth routine . Locals now come out to have their photos taken with the gunmen . April 29 The team followed up the story of Alexander Lubenets , talking to his father , a former Soviet soldier , in the nearby village of Khrestysche . "  We are all fighting for our land , " the father said . On the other side of this conflict , there are gruesome deaths , too . Three bodies found dumped in a river -- all three , investigators say , bear torture marks from knives . April 30 The team talked to the men controlling the checkpoint at Kombikormovyi , where Lubenets was killed . Early that morning , the men had seen Ukrainian armor roll toward them again , only to pull back . At another checkpoint not far away , the team saw heavier armed new arrivals for the first time . Their equipment was closer to what they had seen the previous month in Crimea . At this stage , more than a week after Kiev had promised a stepped-up campaign against the separatists , the team has seen little evidence of it . May 1 The separatists now running Slovyansk seem to have firmed up plans to hold a referendum , which could pave the way for the eastern regions to break away from Ukraine . Inside the local Communist Party offices , under the gaze of Comrade Lenin , a local party official said she is preparing voter lists ahead of the poll . The team also returned to the checkpoint at Kombikormovyi , where they found that the militia is pulling back in anticipation of another Ukrainian advance . May 2 Ukrainian troops made their first serious move to reassert control over Slovyansk . Paton Walsh reported from the outlying village of Andreevka , where Ukrainian APCs found their way blocked by angry locals waving flags of the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic . The team also saw discarded shoulder-held missile launchers , of the type suspected of bringing down two Ukrainian helicopters earlier in the day . May 3 The team reported from Kramatorsk , to the south of Slovyansk . Early morning reports suggest that the Ukrainians have moved in . Announcements coming from Kiev claimed that a number of key locations have been regained from separatists . Though it is clear that Ukrainian forces have passed through the town , the team found no evidence of a sustained presence there . They did , however , hear rare voices of disdain for the actions of the pro-Russian forces .	CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reports on the unfolding crisis in Ukraine
CNN  -- The lyrics to the "  Friends " theme song "  I 'll Be There For You " proved to be more than just words this week when actor David Schwimmer helped cops solve an alleged stabbing near his building . Schwimmer -- best known for his starring role as Ross Geller on the 10-year hit NBC show -- invited cops into his New York City townhouse Monday to view his surveillance video of a bloody brawl that took place in the adjacent apartment building , according to Sgt. Tom Antonetti of the NYPD . The dispute began at 5:48 a.m. on the first floor of an East Village apartment building involving three individuals regarding the theft of a computer , police said . The disagreement became physical and one of the individuals involved suffered stab wounds to the face , police said . The victim was treated at Bellevue Hospital , they said . The alleged stabber was arrested by police , but the third individual fled the scene , Antonetti said . Robert Rainey , 21 , of Newark was charged with assault , criminal possession of a weapon and robbery , Antonetti said . Rainey also allegedly smashed a brick through the building 's lobby window , said Antonetti . Police said that prior to viewing Schwimmer 's footage , they only had the stories of those involved to rely on for evidence . It is unclear to what extent Schwimmer 's video helped solve the case though . "  I am sure it contributed in some form or fashion to the investigation , " Antonetti told CNN . Representatives for the actor did not immediately return calls to CNN .	Actor David Schwimmer shows police surveillance footage ; helps in stabbing case Three individuals engaged in a physical dispute next door over a stolen computer The alleged stabber was arrested , police said Schwimmer is most known for his 10-year starring role on "  Friends "
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- A joint Cambodian-United Nations court , currently trying five former members of the ultra-Maoist Khmer Rouge group on war crimes charges , is itself facing allegations of corruption and bribery . Cambodia 's Minister of Information Khieu Kanharith says no proof of kickbacks or corruption has been found . Two employees of the court 's Office of Administration told CNN of an ongoing kickback scheme involving Cambodian staff . The staffers asked their identities be protected out of fear of retribution to themselves and their families . "  We are talking about 30 to 40 or even a little bit more ... a month , " said one employee , referring to the total amount allegedly taken from employees . "  Thousand dollars . Thirty or 40,000 dollars a month . " Cambodian staff at the office , they say , are forced to hand the money over -- a chunk of their salaries -- and the funds go to an official . "  They are supposed to pay a certain amount  of  money -- a certain percentage , " the employee said . "  So every month , they have to put it in an envelope -- and give it to ... each section has one person go around to collect it ... the money is in cash , in U.S. dollars . " There is no suggestion that the court 's judges or lawyers -- who are hearing and presenting the case against the former Khmer Rouge leaders -- are involved in the alleged corruption . The Cambodian government told CNN a senior Cambodian court official was investigated for corruption , but was exonerated . "  They told me they can not find any proof of kick-back or corruption , " said Khieu Kanharith , government information minister . "  If you want the court -- the trial -- to go ahead , separate the two cases . " However , a defense attorney for one of the defendants said the trial and the allegations of corruption are inextricably linked . "  What 's really disturbing is that by the time the judges make their decision , every piece of evidence , every bit that they look at and evaluate and deliberate on , will have passed through the office of administration and will have literally passed through the hands of people who we say have dirty hands , " said Andrew Ianuzzi , a consultant for defendant Nuon Chea 's legal team . Defense attorneys say they plan to bring up the corruption allegations during the trial in an effort to discredit the court . The Cambodian government refused United Nations requests for an independent international war crimes trial for the Khmer Rouge defendants , agreeing only to a joint trial where the government participates along with the international judges . Watch a report on the trial a Khmer Rouge torture camp commandant " Prosecutors are attempting to prove that the five defendants played a significant role in the deaths of as many as two million Cambodians during Khmer Rouge rule of the country from 1975 to 1979 . The trial has already cost $ 56 million , more than $ 10 million per defendant . But the court has asked for another $ 50 million to carry it through the end of 2009 . The total could go higher if the trial continues into 2010 . The United Nations says its internal affairs body -- the Office of Internal Oversight Services  OIOS  -- is investigating the corruption allegations within the court , but wo n't elaborate . "  This matter has been under investigation by OIOS , whose work is confidential , " the United Nations said in a statement . "  The result of the probe will be submitted to the Cambodian government for further action . " In a letter sent to attorneys for the trial defendants , Sean Visoth , the head of the court 's Office of Administration , writes that his office has "  never tolerated any kind of corruption or malpractice . " Visoth says the court now has an anonymous "  complaint mechanism " in place . Meanwhile , however , independent trial monitors say they believe a culture of fear prevents other current and employees from coming forward . "  At the court , I have heard people express concerns about loss of their job , repercussions or retaliations against their families , and also some possibility of physical fears , " said Heather Ryan , a Khmer Rouge trial monitor . The employees spoke out , saying they were fully aware of the risk . "  To me , it is really sick . How can you take money from people each month and look people in the eye and say , ` Oh , I do n't know anything about it ? ' " one employee asked .	Joint Cambodian-U.N. court is facing allegations of corruption and bribery Court is trying five former members of Khmer Rouge group on war crimes charges Staff are allegedly forced to hand part of salaries over , with funds going to an official Defense attorneys say they plan to try to discredit the court with the allegations
CNN  -- A prominent Egyptian activist says that continued sexual assaults of women protestors shows the Mubarak regime 's "  culture of violence " towards women remains unchanged in Egypt today . "  For years Mubarak 's regime was torturing women , harassing women , detaining mothers and daughters and wives of prisoners to put pressure on them , " said Mozn Hassan , director of the research organization Nazra for Feminist Studies . "  For sure it 's the culture of the SCAF  Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  . "  It 's a culture-based violence towards women . They want to exclude us from the public . The SCAF want to give the message that revolutionary people , if they are men , they are thugs , if they are women , they are sex workers and prostitutes . " More : Egypt braces for last-chance protests Well-known American-Egyptian journalist Mona Eltahawy was left with a broken left arm and right hand after what she describes as a "  brutal beating " and sexual assault by Egyptian riot police Wednesday . Eltahwy says the attack took place in Tahrir Square while she was covering the protests . "  Right now my left arm is broken and my right hand is broken and this is as a result of a brutal beating by the Egyptian riot police . "  A group of riot police surrounded me -- about five of them -- and they beat me and their big sticks kind of rained down upon my arm and that 's why it 's broken because I was trying to protect myself . "  And they also sexually assaulted me -- I was groped all over my body . I lost count of the number of hands that tried to get into my trousers . "  They dragged me to the Ministry of the Interior ... they dragged me by the hair , called me all kinds of insults , " she said . Eltahawy says she was detained there for for 10 to 12 hours , first by ministry officials and then by military intelligence . More : Film shines a light on sexual harassment She says that sexual assault has long been used by the Egyptian security forces as a weapon against women . "  Egyptian security services have used sexual assault to try to intimidate women from street protests and activism and for years now Egyptian women have bravely spoken out . "  I 'm taking this chance to shame them , to shame them for what they did because when I was being assaulted by those riot police officers , it was as if I was set upon by a bunch of beasts , " she said . Colonel Islam Jaffar , Head of the military 's Morals Department in Central Cairo said he saw Eltahawy and spoke to her during her detention . He said that she had no Egyptian press pass that identified her as a reporter while she was in Tahrir Square taking photographs and reporting on clashes between protesters and the police and army . He said : "  What did she expect ? She could be a spy for all we know . When she told me she was sexually assaulted I encouraged her to take the appropriate legal action . " Eltahawy is not the first prominent Egyptian female to accuse security forces of sexual assault in the recent violence in Egypt . More : Ten must-read blogs from the Middle East Bothaina Kamel , Egypt 's only female presidential candidate and a strident opponent of military rule , says she was the victim of sexual assault by soldiers after she joined a protest near Tahrir Square on Sunday . Kamel , a former television presenter , told CNN , with her husband Ashraf El Baroudi , a judge , translating , that she was arrested and "  beaten all over " and "  touched " sexually by army officers . She said that some officers recognized her and tried to dissuade others from carrying out the assault : "  They  some officers  do n't want to punish me or to beat me  because they know  I will talk to all the world . " Kamel said the army and police have been brought up on a "  culture of torture and not respecting human rights . " "  We made a revolution to stand against all the phenomenon of bad behavior and what happened was we removed Mubarak ... but we are still living under the umbrella of the same regime , " she said . Following her assault Kamel returned to Tahrir Square to participate in the uprising , urging the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to make way for a civilian government . An Egyptian army spokesman said Thursday Kamal Ganzouri had agreed to become Egypt 's prime minister and will form a new government . More : Would-be prime minister no stranger to Egyptian government Feminist activist Hassan said that since the revolution , Egyptian women were "  experiencing a new public space . " "  Before that , based on the cultural values we have been raised on , women had to be protected and did n't used to be in the public . " She said about 1,000 women had marched on Tahrir Square Tuesday to reassert women 's position at the forefront of the revolution . "  It 's important to give messages that we are not afraid and we are willing to die , " said Hassan . "  We will be in the front , defending the revolution and defending other women and men . " She added that in the tumult since January , certain voices were still trying to drive women out of public life , "  because we have been raised like this . " But she said many women had decided not to retreat into the domestic sphere as was expected of them . "  Some people thought the culture-based discrimination we had been raised on could be changed in 18 days , " she said . "  Now they know it 's a long struggle . Eighteen days is not changing a society . This is about continuing the revolution . " Hassan believes that by remaining front and center , women activists were gradually helping to shift cultural attitudes around gender roles . But the attitude of the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  SCAF  in its treatment of women remained unchanged from the Mubarak era . Human Rights Watch says the Egyptian military has not investigated or prosecuted anyone for the sexual assault of seven women by military officers in the military prison in Hikestep in March . An unnamed general admitted to CNN in May that the military had subjected the women to "  virginity tests . " "  We did n't want them to say we had sexually assaulted or raped them , so we wanted to prove that they were n't virgins in the first place , " he said . "  The girls who were detained were not like your daughter or mine . These were girls who had camped out in tents with male protesters in Tahrir Square , and we found in the tents Molotov cocktails and  drugs  . " Heba Morayef , the organization 's researcher in Egypt , said that in many ways women had been sidelined since the beginning of the revolution in January . She said : "  Have they been excluded from key decision-making posts ? Has there been a failure to prioritize participation of women in the transitional mechanism set up by the military ? Yes . " Mohamed Fadel Fahmy and Ivan Watson in Cairo	Egyptian-American journalist Mona Eltahawy says she was beaten ; sexually assaulted by riot police She has a broken left arm and broken right hand Egypt 's only female presidential candidate alleges sexual assault by army Sunday Activist : For years Mubarak 's regime was torturing women , harassing women
CNN  -- A U.S. Marine Corps reservist jailed in Mexico for almost three months is said to be upbeat and healthy , according to two U.S. lawmakers who visited Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi over the weekend . Republican Rep. Ed Royce of California , who chairs the House Foreign Affairs Committee , and Republican Rep. Matt Salmon from Arizona , chairman of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee , traveled to Tecate , Mexico , on Saturday to meet with Tahmooressi . The decorated Marine has been jailed in Mexico on weapons charges since April 1 after driving his truck into Tijuana -- he says accidentally -- with three personal fire arms , including a shotgun , .45 caliber pistol and an AR-15 . All of the guns were legally registered in the United States . But in Mexico , firearm possession is almost completely illegal . Tahmooressi was said to be in good spirits , Royce said in a statement . A photo of Tahmooressi , standing in between the two lawmakers , was posted to the Twitter page of the House Foreign Affairs Committee . It showed what appears to be a healthy Tahmooressi with a slight smile on his face . "  After visiting with Sgt. Tahmooressi for the second time in two weeks , I remain confident that his situation is improving and will end with his release in the near future , " Salmon said in a statement . "  His spirits remain upbeat and he has full confidence in his new attorney , " he added . Tahmooressi is now on his third attorney , Tijuana-based lawyer Fernando Benitez , said his mother , Jill Tahmooressi . The first two defense attorneys were dismissed by the family after a conflict of how to proceed with the Marine 's legal defense , the family told CNN . "  Last week , Andrew was despondent because for a portion of it , he was without legal representation . We 're more optimistic now , " his mother said in a phone call with CNN . But more than 80 days since he was first imprisoned , Tahmooressi 's defense still has not submitted evidence to the court to counter the prosecutor 's evidence , his mother told CNN . "  With Mr. Benitez on the case , it 's a good thing , " she said . "  He 's a veteran Tijuana attorney not fearful to take on high-profile cases . His strategy is competent . " Tahmooressi was initially held in Tijuana 's La Mesa Penitentiary for the first month . There , his family says , he was subjected to torture by the prison guards and inmates . "  He told me that he tried to kill himself -LSB- while he was in La Mesa -RSB- because they were going to torture him for information about our family , " his mother told CNN . "  By the grace of God he did n't hit an artery -LSB- when he tried to slice his neck -RSB- . " Now in El Hongo Penitentiary in Tecate , Mexico , about an hour and a half east of Tijuana , Tahmooressi is said to be doing well , according to his family . While U.S. lawmakers continue to work with Mexican officials , it remains unclear when Tahmooressi might have a court hearing .	Two U.S. lawmakers visit jailed Marine Coprs reservist in Mexico They said that Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi is in "  good spirts " Tahmooressi has been jailed on firearms charges in Mexico since April No court date or hearing for the Marine has been scheduled yet
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- In all likelihood , the 91 Cuban health workers heading to West Africa on Tuesday will face the most perilous assignment of their careers . They are joining 165 of their colleagues already working in the region to halt the spread of Ebola . Although Cuban government officials say the majority of the health workers being sent to West Africa are veterans of previous tough postings , the risks that Ebola presents are unique . "  This is the biggest challenge I have ever faced in my life , it 's a very dangerous disease , " said Dr. Osmany Rodriguez , a Cuban who completed previous assignments in Zimbabwe and Venezuela . Rodriguez said he will soon be sent to treat people suffering from Ebola in either Liberia or Guinea . "  My family , they are a bit worried but they know I will be taking care of everything . They will trust in my daily habits and routines in order to avoid the disease , " Rodriguez said . Rodriguez spoke to CNN as he trained at the Pedro Kouri Institute for Tropical Diseases in Havana , where health workers are drilled by instructors provided by the World Health Organization on how to put on and take off seven different layers of clothing that provide protection from the epidemic . "  The important thing is to save lives , " said Dr. Jorge Perez Avila , the institute 's director . "  Why are Cubans going to Africa ? To save lives . " Cuban medical diplomacy is as old as the revolution that first brought the Castros to power , but its motivation is not purely altruistic . Sending health workers abroad boosts the image of a country whose human rights record is criticized . And in some cases , as with a program that sent thousands of Cuban doctors to Venezuela , the island gets paid back in trade , such as oil . Cuba 's Ebola efforts have already raised discussion about how it compares to what the United States is providing . "  While the United States and several other wealthy countries have been happy to pledge funds , only Cuba and a few nongovernmental organizations are offering what is most needed : medical professionals in the field , " the New York Times opined in an editorial . "  It is a shame that Washington , the chief donor in the fight against Ebola , is diplomatically estranged from Havana , the boldest contributor . In this case the schism has life-or-death consequences , because American and Cuban officials are not equipped to coordinate global efforts at a high level , " the editorial continues . Cuba 's health care system was degraded by the collapse of the Soviet Union in the early '90s . In recent years , the government has sent health workers to Venezuela and Brazil , in exchange for badly needed hard currency and oil . Those programs make up one of the largest sources of income for the island . Still , the island continues to post health care workers to other developing nations and even before the Ebola crisis began , had over 4,000 doctors , nurses and technicians stationed in Africa . "  Our principle has been to share what we have and not to give what we do n't , " Perez said . The Cuban health workers will work in West Africa for at least six months . If they themselves become infected , they have agreed not to be repatriated to Cuba for treatment , to avoid spreading the illness further . On Monday , at an emergency summit in Havana of representatives from 12 Latin American and Caribbean countries , Cuban President Raul Castro said the danger presented by Ebola transcends borders and politics . "  We should try to avoid the politicization of this grave problem , which distracts us from the fundamental objective : helping to stop the epidemic in Africa and stop it from spreading to other regions , " he said . In a rare conciliatory gesture to the U.S. government , which Cuban officials typically deride as an imperialist power intent on wrecking the island 's economy , Castro said the fight against Ebola should unite the two governments . "  Cuba is willing to work elbow-to-elbow with all countries , " Castro said . "  Including the U.S. " Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro also penned an editorial in the state-run newspaper this week , offering to "  gladly cooperate with American personnel on this task " of fighting Ebola . In a similar gesture in 2005 , Cuba offered to send a team of doctors to aid in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . The U.S. government ignored the request . Possibly signaling that it recognized the boost Cuba gains from medical diplomacy , the U.S. government in 2006 announced a program to entice Cuban doctors to defect . The Cuban Medical Professional Parole Program allows Cuban health professional working in a third country at the behest of the Cuban government to defect to the United States . While so far not accepting the Cuban offer to cooperate in the fight against Ebola , US officials have also praised the Communist government 's efforts to stop the epidemic . "  Already we are seeing nations large and small stepping up in impressive ways to make a contribution on the frontlines . Cuba , a country of just 11 million people , has sent 165 health professionals and it plans to send nearly 300 more , " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said on Friday . The United States has pledged some 4,000 military personnel to assist with the fight against the disease in Africa , although the troops are not expected to treat people suffering from Ebola . While help continues to pour in from around the world to West African countries reeling from the epidemic , the most basic need is doctors and nurses who can treat Ebola patients without falling ill themselves , health officials said . "  There is a lack of human resources , so it has been a major contribution , " said Dr. Jose Luis Di Fabio , the WHO 's representative in Havana , who is coordinating the training of the Cuban health workers . "  You have to identify patients , diagnose patients and treat patients . If you do n't have the human resources to do that , you do n't have anything , " he said . "  Human resources in Africa is the major thing that 's lacking . " Nurse Carlos Garcia Hernandez is one of the Cuban health workers training to fight Ebola . He volunteered , he said , because if Ebola is n't stopped in West Africa , it will continue to spread to other countries . "  If it could show up it in developed countries like the U.S. and Spain , it can show up in undeveloped countries , too . Our families are at risk as well , " he said .	Nearly 100 additional Cuban health workers heading to West Africa Cuba is one of the biggest contributors to the Ebola fight there Medical diplomacy has long been a tool of the Cuban government Cuba has even offered to cooperate with the United States
Dating site OkCupid is calling for its members to ditch Firefox and use another browser to search for love . The company is protesting Mozilla 's new CEO , Brendan Eich , who supported an anti-same-sex marriage campaign . Firefox is owned by Mozilla . When OkCupid members navigate to the site on a Firefox browser , they are met with a message encouraging them to use an alternative browser to access the site , including Google Chrome , Opera , Safari and the amusingly misspelled Internet Exploder . "  Those who seek to deny love and instead enforce misery , shame and frustration are our enemies , and we wish them nothing but failure , " reads the message . The page points out that 8 % of the matches made on OkCupid are between same-sex couples . Last week , Mozilla promoted Eich , a longtime employee who was previously the company 's chief technology officer , to the position of CEO . The move prompted renewed outrage by third-party developers and employees . Eich donated $ 1,000 to support Propostion 8 in 2008 . The California ballot initiative sought to ban same-sex marriage in the state . The donation was made public in 2012 but Eich held onto his job . After the announcement of Eich 's promotion , app development company Rarebit announced it had pulled its apps from Firefox . "  As a married gay couple who are co-founders of this venture , we have chosen to boycott all Mozilla projects , " said founder Hampton Catlin in an open letter to the company . Various Mozilla employees have also spoken up about the promotion , taking to Twitter to openly share their disappointment with Eich 's politics . Some have come together and publicly called for Eich to step down . Eich posted a blog on his personal site last week addressing the backlash . He outlined his plan to support LGBT-friendly policies at Mozilla and expressed "  sorrow at having caused pain . " "  I am committed to ensuring that Mozilla is , and will remain , a place that includes and supports everyone , " he said . The apology has n't satisfied everyone , and the backlash continues to grow one week later . OkCupid is one of the most high-profile companies to take a stand against Eich 's appointment . The letter on the OkCupid home page is a bold move . However , it is not actually blocking Firefox users from using OkCupid . At the bottom of the page is a link to continue on to the site . "  Mozilla supports equality for all , including marriage equality for LGBT couples . No matter who you are or who you love , everyone deserves the same rights and to be treated equally , " said a Mozilla spokesperson in a statement . "  OK cupid never reached out to us to let us know of their intentions , nor to confirm facts . "	Dating site OkCupid has asked users to not use the Firefox browser The company is upset with Mozilla 's new CEO , who has opposed same-sex marriage OkCupid joins developers and existing Mozilla employees in calling for the CEO 's resignation
A Syrian jihadist group appears to have pledged allegiance to al Qaeda 's leader -- but also stressed it can achieve a Syrian Islamic state only by working with other rebels , including secularists . The group , al-Nusra Front , also denies an earlier claim that it has merged with Iraq 's al Qaeda affiliate , according to an audio message purported to be from al-Nusra general commander Abu Muhammad al-Joulani . The message was posted on various radical Islamist websites known for posting similar statements by al Qaeda figures . Al-Joulani 's message comes after the leader of the al Qaeda-affiliated Islamic State of Iraq purportedly claimed this week in an audio statement that al-Nusra Front is part of its network . Opinion : Syria rebel group 's dangerous tie to al Qaeda A speaker identifying himself as Islamic State of Iraq leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi had said -- in a message posted to online jihadist forums -- that the two groups would combine their names and be known as "  The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant  Syria  . " But al-Joulani distanced himself from al-Baghdadi 's message , saying it took al-Nusra off guard . "  We would like to inform the public that we were not informed or consulted of the content of the announcement , " al-Joulani said . Despite denying a merger , al-Joulani said that he is raising the bar higher by pledging allegiance to al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri . Still , such a pledge "  will not change the policies of Nusra Front on the ground , " al-Joulani said . READ MORE : Syrian rebels issue warning to Hezbollah He said the group 's goal of achieving an Islamic state in Syria "  can only be built with the help of everyone -- without excluding any of the main parties who bled and fought with us and waged jihad in Syria . " Al-Joulani said that includes "  all the other rebel factions . " Al-Joulani , acknowledging that al-Nusra Front fought with jihadists in Iraq before turning its attention to the Syrian civil war , said he would delay consideration of a merger with al Qaeda in Iraq in part so his group can consult with various supporting groups . The U.S. State Department labeled al-Nusra Front a foreign terror organization linked to al Qaeda in Iraq back in December . Moaz al-Khatib , president of the main Syrian opposition alliance , said this week on his official Facebook page that al Qaeda 's way of thinking "  does not suit us . " Al-Khatib heads the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces , which has leadership largely consisting of expatriates . He said that "  there are those who want to impose themselves even on al-Nusra Front . " "  We reject ownership of any of the rebel factions inside Syria , " he said . Al-Joulani 's message comes a week after the White House , according to U.S. officials , signed off on new nonlethal aid for Syrian rebels . Officials said it is expected to include equipment such as body armor , night vision goggles and other military equipment that is defensive in nature , but could be used to aid in combat by Syrian rebels battling forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad . READ MORE : Al-Assad warns of domino effect Syrian opposition leaders asked for more aid , including lethal aid , at a meeting with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in London on Wednesday , according to two senior State Department officials who briefed reporters on condition of anonymity . But the requests were n't specific , and Kerry did n't make any promises , the officials said . Kerry urged the opposition to work together and organize more effectively , the officials said . Opposition officials said they were in the process of doing that . Meanwhile , Kerry , who also discussed Syria with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov , will head to Turkey on April 20 for more talks with European and Persian Gulf states on the crisis , the officials said . READ MORE : Syrian war is everybody 's problem President Barack Obama agreed last month to send food and medicine to the rebels , the first direct U.S. support for the armed opposition . But the package falls short of the heavy weapons and high-tech equipment sought by the rebels . The decision also comes as Britain and France are leading efforts to lift a European Union arms embargo on Syria . Both have suggested they are prepared to join nations like Qatar in providing the rebels with weapons and are urging the United States to do the same . The United Nations says more than 70,000 people have been killed in Syria 's two-year civil war . Opposition activists reported at least 75 more deaths on Wednesday amid heavy fighting in and around Damascus and Daraa .	Syrian opposition coalition leader : We reject ownership of any of the rebel factions Al-Nusra Front denies it has merged with al Qaeda in Iraq , according to purported message But al-Nusra Front leader says he pledges allegiance to al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri Abu Muhammad al-Joulani : Syrian Islamic state can be built only with all rebel groups ' help
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Ailing "  Great Train Robber " Ronnie Biggs -- one of the most notorious British criminals of the 20th century -- was formally released from prison to his death bed Friday after being granted his freedom on compassionate grounds . Ronnie Biggs , pictured at a book launch in Rio de Janeiro in 1994 . Biggs , who is gravely ill with severe pneumonia , is being cared for at a hospital in Norwich , eastern England , where he was moved on Tuesday . Three prison staff who had been assigned to Biggs ' bedside have been withdrawn following UK Justice Minister Jack Straw 's decision to authorize his release , a Ministry of Justice spokesperson told CNN . "  The medical evidence clearly shows that Mr Biggs is very ill and that his condition has deteriorated recently , culminating in his re-admission to hospital , " Straw said in a statement Thursday . "  His condition is not expected to improve . " Biggs ' son , Michael Biggs , said his father was "  over the moon " that he had been released on the eve of his 80th birthday . Speaking to reporters outside the hospital , he confirmed his father had been handed his release papers . "  As a family , we are absolutely thrilled , " Michael Biggs said , according to the UK 's Press Association . Biggs is unable to walk , barely able to communicate and no longer able to eat or drink , Michael Biggs said , adding that the family was "  very hopeful that my father will be able to survive the next few days . " Biggs ' legal advisor Giovanni Di Stefano told journalists that Biggs was unlikely to ever leave his hospital bed . "  This man is ill , he 's going to die ... he is going to stay in hospital , " he said . Saturday also marks the 46th anniversary of the infamous 1963 heist dubbed the "  crime of the century " that transformed Biggs from a petty London thief into one of the most wanted men in Britain . Biggs and 14 other professional criminals made off with more than # 2.5 million  $ 4.2 million  in used bank notes -- the equivalent of around # 40 million  $ 67 million  today -- after holding up a mail train from Glasgow to London in the early hours of the morning . In the course of the robbery the train driver was badly beaten with an iron bar . Most of the gang , including Biggs , were soon picked up in a massive manhunt after police discovered fingerprints at a farmhouse hideout where the robbers had holed up to split their spoils . Biggs was sentenced to 30 years in prison but escaped over the wall of a London prison after serving just 15 months -- and spent most of the rest of his life as a celebrity fugitive . After undergoing extensive plastic surgery in Paris , Biggs made his way to Australia , living there with his wife and two children . Tracked down by police , Biggs fled again in 1969 , this time to Brazil . Five years later , Biggs was traced once more by a newspaper reporter . Metropolitan Police Detective Superintendent Jack Slipper , who had led police efforts to bring the train robbers to justice , flew out to Rio de Janeiro to arrest Biggs , allegedly greeting him at a beachside hotel : "  Long time no see , Ronnie . " But efforts to bring Biggs home were frustrated because by then he had fathered a Brazilian-born son -- Michael Biggs -- and authorities rejected British requests for his extradition . Biggs continued to live openly in Rio , trading on his notoriety by entertaining tourists , selling t-shirts and even recording with the Sex Pistols . In 1981 he was kidnapped by a gang of British ex-soldiers and smuggled to Barbados . But legal efforts to have Biggs brought back to the UK once again stalled and he was allowed to return to Brazil . By the late 1990s Biggs was in poor health following a series of strokes and running out of cash . In 2001 he flew back to the UK on a private jet laid on by the Sun newspaper . He was promptly locked up in a high security prison but then moved to a facility for elderly prisoners . Since his return Biggs and his family have campaigned for his parole on compassionate grounds -- an appeal until now rejected by successive justice ministers on the grounds that Biggs had never shown any remorse for his actions . Michael Biggs said his father had expressed regret for the robbery -- but not for the life he had led in the years since the crime .	Ronnie Biggs freed on compassionate grounds because of ailing health Biggs took part in 1963 Great Train Robbery , dubbed "  crime of the century " in UK Biggs , 80 on Saturday , has been hospitalized suffering from severe pneumonia Biggs escaped from jail , spent decades as a fugitive before returning to UK in 2001
EW  -- Harrison Ford is open to the idea of bringing Han Solo back to life on the silver screen in 2015 , according to sources close to the just-announced "  Star Wars " sequel , but do n't be surprised if his contract includes a mandatory death scene for the sly old space smuggler . "  Harrison is open to the idea of doing the movie and he 's upbeat about it , all three of them are , " said one highly placed source , referring to Ford , Mark Hamill and Carrie Fisher , the trio that made a hyper-speed jump to global fame on May 25 , 1977 , the opening night for George Lucas 's original "  Star Wars " film . The Hollywood trajectories of Hamill and Fisher led to reinvention -- he 's now an in-demand voice actor ; she used a gift for acerbic memoir to deliver "  Postcards from the Edge " and "  Wishful Drinking . " But Ford , who reached his 35th birthday in the summer of 1977 , launched himself on a truly historic career run that synced up with the blockbuster bonanza of the 1980s . Ford 's star rose with "  The Fugitive , " "  Air Force One , " "  Clear and Present Danger , " "  Presumed Innocent , " "  Blade Runner , " and of course , the four fedora films as a certain archaeologist named Henry "  Indiana " Jones . EW : Who should direct new ` Star Wars ' movie ? The actor , now 70 , is plenty proud of Indy , Jack Ryan , John Book and Dr. Richard Kimble , but in the past he did n't disguise his disdain for Solo . "  As a character he was not so interesting to me , " the frosty Ford explained in an ABC interview in 2010 . The slippery Corellian pilot 's great talent is keeping himself alive , a skill that apparently extended beyond the screen . Solo 's death scene in early outlines for "  Episode VI : Return of the Jedi " was scrapped , according to Ford and others , because the character was a top-seller as an action figure . As Ford told ABC in the same interview : "  I thought he should have died in the last one to give it some bottom ... George did n't think there was any future in dead Han toys . " Disney , which acquired Lucasfilm in a $ 4.05 billion deal , sees plenty of retail future with "  Star Wars " sitting on the same corporate toy shelf as Marvel and Pixar , and they 'll certainly be offering a stellar payday to coax Ford to bring his star power back to role that started it all . ` Star Wars ' : Where are they now ? More than money , Ford might be drawn back by the upside of changes at Lucasfilm , where the respected Kathleen Kennedy is taking over as company president , and with the Jedi franchise as a whole now that Kennedy is in as executive producer and Lucas will take on a consultant role , leaving the director 's chair for someone else . Indeed , Ford wo n't go to the next level of contract talks until there 's a script and director in place . Either could be a deal breaker . Still , at any stage , an "  upbeat " signal from Ford on any Solo matter is enough to shock and excite fans who view "  Star Wars " as something close to religion . Solo , Luke Skywalker  Hamill  , and Princess Leia  Fisher  appeared in two more films , and when last we left them  in 1983 's "  Episode VI : Return of the Jedi "  , they were on the forest moon of Endor reflecting on the downfall  literally  of the Emperor and Darth Vader 's final act of redemption . Now a new-look Lucasfilm -- with Lucas moving into retirement and the Walt Disney Company taking over -- plans to circle back with a new trilogy that picks up the story decades later and presumably uses the original trio to hand off the franchise to a new generation .  It 's a familiar approach ; 2009 's "  Star Trek " beamed Leonard Nimoy back aboard , or 2010 's "  Tron : Legacy " turned to Jeff Bridges to initiate the next cycle . Hamill told EW that he and Fisher heard about the idea when Lucas summoned them for a lunch in August , not long after both were onstage return guest at "  Star Wars Celebration VI , " an official Lucasfilm event that drew tens of thousands of fans to Orlando . Many of those true believers are delirious about the new hope of a third trilogy but Hamill , 61 , knows that some outsiders will roll their eyes . "  I can see both sides of it , " Hamill said . "  Because in a way , there was a beginning , a middle , and an end and we all lived happily ever after and that 's the way it should be -- and it 's great that people have fond memories , if they do have fond memories . But on the other hand , there 's this ravenous desire on the part of the true believers to have more and more and more material . " EW exclusive : Mark Hamill weighs in on the future of ` Star Wars ' In the 29 years since the red carpet premiere of "  Return of the Jedi , " Ford has declined hundreds -- if not thousands -- of offers to appear at "  Star Wars " events and cast reunions , even the ones sanctioned and run by Lucasfilm . In fact , in all those years there was only one offer he accepted : He attended a 30th anniversary screening of the "  The Empire Strikes Back " in 2010 to benefit St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital . About 400 fans  including Christopher Nolan , Jonathan Nolan , Jon Favreau and Kevin Feige  paid $ 100 - $ 175 each to hear Ford reflect on his Millennium Falcon days . I was the moderator for the event and the star arrived in a cheery mood but , after watching the film , he was weary of the crowd 's zeal for something he could never love . "  I do n't know that I understood it very well , " Ford said in a flat tone of the franchise 's ascension in popular culture . "  I 'm not sure I understand it yet ... I was very happy to be involved . I was pleased to be a part of an ensemble . " It was a bare-bones answer but still the crowd cheered and no one asked for a refund -- everyone was just excited to see Ford back in the same theater as the "  Star Wars " universe . That alone may be the Force that brings Ford and Solo back together for their date with destiny . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Harrison Ford is open to the idea of acting in the 2015 "  Star Wars " sequel Now 70 , the actor would bring Han Solo back to life Ford wo n't go to the next level in talks until a director and script are in place But for fans , his "  upbeat " attitude about it is enough to shock and excite
CNN  -- Pirates in the Indian Ocean captured Saturday a general cargo ship and its 27-member Thai crew , the European Union Naval Force Somalia said . Twenty-five vessels and 601 hostages are now being held by pirates in the region , officials said in a statement . The Thai MV Thor Nexus was hijacked about 450 nautical miles northeast of the island of Socotra , officials said . The ship was on its way to Bangladesh from Jebel Ali in the United Arab Emirates . No details of the attack were known Saturday . Pirate attacks and subsequent ransoms have become a frequent hazard for sailors off Somalia , which has had no effective central government since 1991 . Pirates on Monday hijacked another cargo ship , officials said . The attack happened about 400 nautical miles northeast of the Seychelles . At least four pirates , using two small boats and rocket-propelled grenades , boarded the MV Orna , a Panama-flagged merchant vessel owned by a United Arab Emirates company . The European Union Naval Force Somalia is a multinational task force with the mission to escort merchant vessels carrying humanitarian aid of the World Food Programme and vessels of the African Union Mission in Somalia .	Pirates hijack ship off Somali coast 27 Thai crew members are being held Such attacks are frequent hazard for sailors
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Fidel Castro appeared publicly in his trademark olive green shirt on Saturday for the first time since he fell ill and renounced power four years ago , according to a state-run website . Castro made his appearance in Artemisa , a town about an hour outside of Havana , also making this his first reported trip outside the capital in four years , according to the website Cubadebate . A picture of the 83-year-old Castro also appeared on the site . Olive green rebel fatigues were his signature uniform during his nearly 50 years of rule . State TV later showed him giving a speech to honor rebels killed 57 years ago during the July 26 attack on an army barracks that ended in failure but launched his revolution . He also put flowers on the rebels ' tombs , video showed . Castro handed power to his brother , Raul , in 2006 after undergoing intestinal surgery and disappeared from public view . State media have published occasional videos and photos of the historic leader wearing track suits . Earlier this month , he re-emerged in public for the first time and has made five appearances in closely controlled events , usually donning casual checked shirts . Speculation has grown over the possibility of his attending a mass rally in central Cuba on Monday to commemorate the July 26 events .	Olive green rebel fatigues were the former Cuban leader 's signature uniform during his rule He appeared Saturday to honor rebels killed in Artemisa It was his first trip outside Havana since falling ill in 2006
LONDON , England  CNN  -- After a lifetime of playing characters past-their-prime , Clint Eastwood appears to still be enjoying his own . Clint Eastwood stars as inspector Harry Callahan in "  Dirty Harry "  1971  . Just last week the 78-year-old actor , best-known for his portrayal of "  tough guys " like "  Dirty Harry , " was awarded a lifetime achievement award by the organizers of the Cannes Film Festival . The American film-maker accepted the Palme d'Or  only the second they 've ever given for lifetime achievement  , while he was in town promoting his new film "  Gran Torino . " What is your favorite Clint Eastwood movie ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box . Eastwood both directs and co-stars in "  Gran Torino , " as a prejudiced Korean war veteran who comes to the rescue of troubled Asian teens who live next door . For Eastwood the honor caps a 40 year career acting , directing , producing and composing . During this time , he has won five Academy Awards , five Golden Globes and received many more nominations . The Hollywood veteran earned perhaps most acclaim for two films : "  Unforgiven "  1992  and "  Million Dollar Baby "  2004  . For each of these films he was awarded both Best Director and Best Picture Oscars , as well as being nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role . Eastwood got his break in 1959 , landing the role of Rowdy Yates in the television series "  Rawhide . " A successful seven-year run helped turn Eastwood into a household name and landed him several other roles in so-called Spaghetti Western films , including the hit "  A Fist Full of Dollars "  1964  , directed by Sergio Leone . Leone then re-hired Eastwood for two more successful films : "  For a Few More Dollars "  1965  and "  The Good , the Bad and the Ugly "  1966  . The trilogy earned Eastwood greater fame and a reputation for playing tough-guy , gun-slinging cowboys . Eastwood found another friend in director Don Siegel who gave him perhaps his most iconic role , starring in "  Dirty Harry "  1971  as no-nonsense , "  loose-cannon " cop Harry Callahan . The film was such a hit that it four spin off sequels were made : "  Magnum Force "  1973  , "  The Enforcer "  1976  , "  Sudden Impact "  1983   the highest grossing film of the series  , and "  The Dead Pool "  1988  . In the 1990s Eastwood returned to westerns -- this time as director as well as star -- earning critical acclaim and a monumental nine Oscar nominations for "  Unforgiven "  1992  . Throughout the decade he also had considerable success helming blockbuster projects , like "  In the Line of Fire "  1993  , "  Bridges of Madison County "  1995  and "  True Crime "  1999  . In 2000 Eastwood co-starred in the box-office hit "  Space Cowboys . " In 2004 , he put employed his entire array of movie skills directing , producing , scoring and co-starring alongside Hillary Swank in boxing drama "  Million Dollar Baby . " Until his most recent return to the screen in "  Gran Torino , " Eastwood had been concentrating on directing , releasing two films about World War II in 2006 , "  Flags of our Fathers " and "  Letters from Iwo Jima " and directing Angelina Jolie to BAFTA , Golden Globe and Oscar nominations this year in "  Changeling . " Swedish director Ingmar Bergman is the only other film-maker to have received the Palme d'Or for lifetime achievement from the Cannes Film Festival .	Clint Eastwood wins a Palme d'Or for lifetime achievement Ingmar Berman is the only other filmmaker to have received this honor Eastwood directs and stars in his new film "  Gran Torino " "  Dirty Harry " star still enjoys playing gun-slinging "  tough guys "
CNN  -- Days after Barack Obama granted the first television interview with his entire family , the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee said he regrets thrusting his two young daughters in the media spotlight . "  I think that we got carried away in the moment , " Obama told NBC Wednesday morning . "  We were having a birthday party and everybody was laughing , and suddenly this thing cropped up , and I did n't catch it quickly enough , and I was surprised by the attention it got . " The comments came five days after the Illinois senator allowed Access Hollywood reporter Maria Menounos an interview with his entire family , including daughters Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 . The television show , which aired the interview Tuesday , billed it as the first interview with the whole Obama family . The interview remained decidedly light -- Malia commented on seeing her mother in People Magazine while Sasha discussed her father 's aversion to sweets -- but it was highly played across several news programs , including many on CNN . Watch : Are Obama 's kids off limits ? " In the interview , Malia also said she often gives her dad campaign tips on how to reach out to young people her age . "  You really do n't shake kids ' hands that much , you shake adult hands , " she said . "  And I say you just wave and say hi , so I do that kind of stuff . " Appearing on ABC Wednesday morning , Obama said he did n't think it was healthy for his two daughters to be so exposed . "  Particularly given the way it sort of went around the cable stations , I do n't think it 's healthy , and it 's something that we 'll be avoiding in the future , " he said . Speaking with CNN Tuesday , Menounos , the Access Hollywood reporter , said the campaign had reached out to the show for an interview and her only goal was to show the Obama family dynamic . "  No one really expected them to open up so much , " Menounos said of the daughters . "  You know the campaign and their family were all huddled around and as surprised that the girls took over the interview as I was ! " Stella Foster , an entertainment columnist for the Chicago-Sun Times , said she did n't see anything wrong with the interview . "  It 's not like they have the kids on camera all the time . It was like they were just having a good time -- which they need . They deserve that , " she said . Obama and his wife , Michelle , had successfully shielded his daughters from the media spotlight since the 18 month-and-counting presidential campaign began . The campaign has repeatedly asked photographers and media outlets not to photograph the children or air images of them on the campaign trail . The veil around the children gives their interview a novelty effect , said Matthew Felling , a contributor to the American Journalism Review . "  But at the same time they are trying to have it both ways by saying ... ` Access Hollywood , ' you 're going to be friendly to us so we 'll let you come out , " he said . "  What happens when the next organization says , ` You let them do it . Why ca n't we come to the door , too ? " CNN 's Carol Costello contributed to this report .	Barack Obama and his whole family interviewed on "  Access Hollywood " Interview was light ; discussed clothing , People Magazine , sweets Obama : "  I think that we got carried away in the moment " Reporter : "  No one really expected them to open up so much "
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- An activist monk detained by Myanmar authorities Friday was freed hours later after being questioned at a military base in Yangon , a fellow monk said Saturday . U Gambira was taken away from a monastery in Yangon by about 10 men in plainclothes who said they were from the "  Yangon Division , " said U Thika , a monk who witnessed the events . His detainment occurred only weeks after he was released from years of imprisonment . He was released again Friday night after being questioned at the military headquarters in Yangon about his personal and family information , according to Ashin Issariya , another monk at the Yangon monastery . The detention of U Gambira comes after the Myanmar government has taken notable steps to improve its human rights record . In recent weeks , the regime has pardoned hundreds of political prisoners , approved the participation of the pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi and her party in April elections , and pledged to pursue a peace deal with an ethnic rebel group . Western governments have applauded the effort , with the United States announcing in January that it would exchange ambassadors with Myanmar for the first time since 1988 . That came after a visit to the country last month by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , the first top U.S. diplomat in the nation in more than five decades . U Gambira was one of the leaders of anti-government demonstrations that rallied tens of thousands of people in 2007 . The Myanmar authorities cracked down on the demonstrations , clubbing and gassing protesters and arresting as many as 200 monks . He was released last month with other political prisoners . U Thika said he believed the reason U Gambira had been taken away Friday may be related to a recent effort by U Gambira to break into his old monastery , which was locked after the 2007 protests . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	NEW : U Gambira , an activist monk , is released after being detained earlier Friday NEW : He was questioned at a military headquarters in Yangon , a fellow monk says U Gambira was released by the government last month along with other political prisoners
CNN  -- Jennie Garth is not ashamed to admit she gets hooked on "  Beverly Hills , 90210 " reruns on SOAPnet from time to time . "  Sometimes I 'll be walking through a room , and I 'll see that it 's on , and I have to stop and pay my respects and watch it , " she said . "  Then I get sucked in . Just seeing the clothes and the makeup was so distinct to that era , you know ? It 's really fun to watch now . You can play drinking games to it , too , which is always a good time . " While in New York City promoting eBay 's Give One program benefitting Toys for Tots , the actress spoke to CNN about re-entering the dating scene , her former co-star Amanda Bynes and the role that launched her career : Kelly Taylor on "  Beverly Hills , 90210 . " Over the course of the original "  90210 's " 1990-2000 run , Kelly was shot , raped , kidnapped , addicted to cocaine , joined a cult and almost died in a fire . While Garth never got top billing , Kelly was arguably the series ' star , looking back on "  90210 's " decade-long run . In fact , Garth pointed out that the only episode that did n't prominently feature her character was the one where the gang went to Hawaii  because that 's what you do when you 're unemployed and just out of college  . "  This is the ultimate sacrifice for being a mother , " said Garth . "  The ultimate ` f -- you , ' basically , from my show . I had a baby ; they went to Hawaii . I did n't get to go because I had had a baby . " Garth 's character , Kelly , did get shot at the very end of that episode . "  Yeah I got shot , but really I was having a baby , " said Garth . "  Very symbolic . Become a mother , get shot . Become a mother , do n't get to go on anymore vacations . " The conversation quickly turned into a retrospective about the disasters Kelly endured during her "  90210 " tenure . The fire : "  I had to wear that stupid scar makeup for months . " Kelly 's fellow burn victim : "  The lesbian stalker , one of my favorites ! " Drug addiction : "  The coke days ! Those were fun episodes . The dark eye makeup , black nails , I really went for it . Edgy . " 2013 will mark the 20-year high school reunion of the fictional West Beverly Hills High School Class of ' 93 , and Garth is n't opposed to a potential reunion special . "  I 've never been to a real reunion because I did n't graduate from a real high school so that would be pretty cool , " she said . Garth was hard-pressed to come up with any on-set "  90210 " secrets that the fans do n't already know , but she did come up with something rather shudder-worthy . "  There was a vending machine at The Peach Pit that had nuts and candy , " said Garth . "  You know those ones where you put your quarter in and out comes a handful ? It was maggots . There were actual maggots crawling inside it . It was so disgusting . " Another interesting fun fact : the house where the fire episode took place was the same house used for the exteriors of the Burnham family house in "  American Beauty " and the Griswold family house in "  National Lampoon 's Christmas Vacation . " That house sits on the Warner Brothers lot in Burbank , California , and its windows and trimmings are often altered to suit filming . Garth , who turned 40 earlier this year , remains friends with her "  Beverly Hills , 90210 " co-stars -- yes , even Shannen Doherty . She also still sees Tori Spelling and Ian Ziering , but remains closest with Luke Perry . "  Luke and I are actually doing a show , " she said . "  We love working together so when we did that  Old Navy  commercial , he and I , specifically , have a very strong connection so we were like ` Let 's make a show together . Let 's work everyday with people we actually love . ' So we 're working on something now . " Details about the still-in-development show remain under wraps , but Garth and Perry are developing , creating and producing it . Garth , who starred alongside Amanda Bynes on the sitcom "  What I Like About You " from 2002-2006 , has not spoken to Bynes since the young actress ' legal woes began mounting this year . "  I 'll always have a special place for her in my heart , " said Garth . "  You ca n't play sisters with somebody for four years and not love them and take them under your wing . " Garth and her husband , actor Peter Facinelli , split earlier this year after 11 years of marriage . Facinelli is now romantically linked to actress Jaimie Alexander , his co-star on Showtime 's "  Nurse Jackie . " Garth and Facinelli share joint custody of their three daughters -- Luca , 15 , Lola , 10 , and Fiona , 6 -- whom they remain utterly devoted to . "  I have the girls for Christmas Day , and we 're gon na have a traditional Christmas , " said Garth , "  then we 're traveling to see some friends in Virginia and then their dad 's going to be taking them for a few days to go skiing or something . It 's all new , this splitting of the holidays . It 's definitely new . Definitely new and foreign ; but I 'm jumping in with both feet , and I 'm going to make it the best holiday for my girls that I possibly can . " For all the "  Twilight " fans wondering whether Garth has seen Facinelli 's latest movie , "  Breaking Dawn - Part 2 " : "  I have n't , " she said . "  My girls are all fans , and I support them loving it and loving the movie that their dad 's in but , no , I have n't seen the new one . " Garth also admitted she hates being back on the dating scene . "  Who wants to date , " she said . "  It 's awful , and then add to it being photographed while doing it , and the scrutiny that that entails . It 's impossible . " Garth also took the opportunity to clear up rumors that she likes mean guys . "  It went viral that I like bad boys , like mean people . No , I 'm a little edgy so I like someone who has that edge . You can have that edge , and you might not notice it by looking at someone , but it 's in there ... I 'm into nice guys ! " Garth told CNN that she does n't have a "  type , " per se . "  It 's all about an energy , " she said . "  If there 's an energy between two people it does n't matter what you look like or what you do for a living or where you live . " As the interview wrapped , Garth said she was heading straight to the airport . "  I 'm gon na get a piece of pizza in the car on the way to the airport , maybe some crazy  street vendor  nuts . Hold the maggots . "	Jennie Garth and former "  90210 " co-star Luke Perry are developing a TV series together On Amanda Bynes : "  You ca n't play sisters with somebody for four years and not love them " Garth , who split from Peter Facinelli this year , called the dating scene "  awful "
CNN  -- A 14-year-old autistic Michigan girl whose mother allegedly tried to poison her with carbon monoxide in a murder-suicide attempt is recovering well , authorities said Tuesday . Isabelle Stapleton is "  awake " and "  responding , " according to Sara Swanson , Benzie County prosecuting attorney , after being in critical care for carbon monoxide poisoning following a grisly incident last week in which her mother allegedly attempted to take both of their lives . "  Her condition has continued to improve every day " since the weekend , Swanson said . On the evening of September 3 , Kelli Stapleton and her daughter were transported to hospitals for treatment of carbon monoxide poisoning after police discovered them unconscious inside their family vehicle in a wooded area , according to Sgt. Malcolm Irwin of Michigan State Police . Officers found the vehicle locked with two charcoal grills burning inside , emitting carbon monoxide and using up the oxygen , according to Irwin . Matt Stapleton , Isabelle 's father , had called police earlier in the day because "  nobody had seen " her or her mother "  all day , " Irwin said . Isabelle was transported to the critical care unit at DeVos Children 's Hospital in Grand Rapids , Michigan , where she remained until she opened her eyes over the weekend , Swanson said . Kelli Stapleton was taken into custody last Wednesday after receiving doctor 's clearance . She was arraigned on Thursday and is charged with one count of attempted murder . She is being held without bail and is to appear in court on September 16 for a preliminary examination , according to Swanson . In a preliminary examination , a judge rules on whether there is sufficient evidence to support the charges . In her blog , titled "  The Status Woe , " Kelli Stapleton complained of suffering from "  a severe case of battle fatigue " on the day of the alleged murder-suicide attempt . The blog is devoted to Isabelle and the post from September 3 mentions the issues surrounding her autism treatment . Stapleton 's attorney , Anthony Cicchelli , had no comment . The Center for Disease Control and Prevention says on its website that an estimated one in 88 children has been identified with an autism spectrum disorder , or ASD .	Isabelle Stapleton , 14 , was found with her mother in a car with charcoal grills burning Authorities say the mother was trying to kill both the autistic girl and herself The mother had blogged that she was suffering "  a severe case of battle fatigue "
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Attackers in a Taliban-controlled area of Pakistan shot and tried to behead a Pakistani journalist on Wednesday , according to his employer GEO TV . Mosa Khankhel was reporting for GEO TV when he was killed . The slain correspondent , Mosa Khankhel , had been covering the recent peace deal between the Pakistani government and Taliban militants in Swat Valley when he was killed , GEO TV managing director Azhar Abbas said . "  He is the first martyr of this peace deal , " Abbas said , adding that he believes it is unlikely the deal will end the campaign of violence that has centered in Swat . Khankhel was traveling in a caravan with Sufi Mohammed , who was leading the peace deal negotiations for the Taliban , when he went missing , Abbas said . His body was found about an hour later . He had been shot three times and his killers had attempted to cut off his head . Abbas called on Pakistan 's government to fully investigate the killing of Khankhel , who was the network 's correspondent based in North West Frontier Province as part of GEO TV 's Peshawar bureau . His death comes a day after Pakistan 's government recognized the Taliban 's interpretation of sharia , or Islamic law , in the entire Malakand Division , which includes Swat and its surrounding district . Watch questions raised by Khankhel 's death " The agreement marked a major concession by Pakistan in its attempt to hold off Taliban militants who have terrorized the region with beheadings , kidnappings , death threats , and the destruction of girls ' schools . The regional government in the Swat valley struck the deal to allow sharia law , in return the Taliban agreed to a 10-day cease fire . The Taliban control of Swat -- which is about 100 miles northwest of Islamabad -- is the deepest advance by militants into Pakistan 's settled areas , which are located outside its federally administered tribal region along the border with Afghanistan . The peace deal is the latest attempt by Pakistan 's civilian government -- which took power last year -- to achieve peace through diplomacy in areas where Taliban and al Qaeda leaders are believed to have free rein . But analysts as well as critics within the establishment have warned that Pakistan 's previous dealings with the Taliban have only given the fundamentalist Islamic militia time to regroup and gain more ground . Khadim Hussain , a professor Bahria University in Islamabad who studies Pakistani politics , said the government has set the stage for two contradictory , parallel states in North West Frontier Province . "  If you leave them like that and you give ... a semblance of peace in a particular area , what does that mean ? " Hussain said . "  It means you 're capitulating . It means you 're surrendering the state to them . It means your submitting the state authority to them because they are running a parallel state . " He said the government 's decision amounts to a marriage of convenience made under duress . Swat has been overrun by forces loyal to Maulana Fazlullah 's banned hardline Islamic group , Tehreek Nifaz-e-Shariat Mohammadi  TNSM  which has allied itself with Taliban fighters . TNSM was once led by Sufi Mohammed , Fazlullah 's father-in-law , who is leading the latest negotiations . Sufi Mohammed was released from jail last year by Pakistani authorities after he agreed to cooperate with the government . He was jailed in 2002 after recruiting thousands of fighters to battle U.S. forces in Afghanistan . Fazlullah took over TNSM during Sufi Mohammed 's jail stint and vowed to continue his fight to impose fundamentalist Islamic law in the region . Last May , Pakistan 's government announced it reached a peace deal with militants in Swat Valley . In the months that have followed , the Taliban have seized control of the region and carried out a violent campaign against government officials , including local politicians . The head of the secular Awami National Party -- which represents the region -- was forced to flee to Islamabad amid death threats from the Taliban . Pakistan is under enormous pressure to control the militants within its borders , blamed for launching attacks in neighboring Afghanistan where U.S. and NATO forces are fighting militants . The United States -- using unmanned drones -- has carried out several airstrikes inside Pakistan on suspected militant targets , including one on Monday that killed at least 15 people , Pakistani sources said . Such airstrikes , which sometimes result in civilian casualties , have aggravated tensions between the U.S. and Pakistan . Pakistan 's military operation in the region is unpopular among Pakistanis , but efforts to deal diplomatically with militants have not worked in the past . Pakistan 's previous leader , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , reached a cease-fire deal with militants in South Waziristan in 2006 which was widely blamed for giving al Qaeda and Taliban a stronger foothold in the region . CNN 's Stan Grant contributed to this report	Journalist for Pakistan 's GEO TV killed in Taliban-area of the country GEO says Mosa Khankhel was shot and his attackers tried to behead him Khankhel was traveling with Taliban lead negotiator when he went missing Incident happened in Swat where Pakistan-Taliban agreed to allow sharia law
CNN  -- Real Madrid will head into a big week knowing the club 's Spanish title bid is back on track and that one of its records will stand for at least another season . Carlo Ancelotti 's team will be just three points behind Barcelona ahead of next weekend 's "  Clasico " at Camp Nou after the La Liga champion dropped its first points this campaign in Saturday 's 0-0 draw at Osasuna . It was the first time in 64 league matches Barca had failed to score , despite the introduction of Lionel Messi midway through the second half . Second-placed Atletico Madrid then surrendered the division 's only other 100 % record , losing 1-0 at Espanyol to also fall one win short of the 1968-69 Real side 's benchmark beginning . Ancelotti , meanwhile , was lifted by a 2-0 win at home to Malaga earlier in the day which lifted some of the building pressure on the Italian . "  Today I am happy , we have to keep going and keep improving , but the team has done well today , the week has started well , " the former Milan and Chelsea coach said . Angel Di Maria put Real ahead a minute into the second half with a speculative cross that bamboozled the keeper , and Cristiano Ronaldo sealed victory in time added on with a penalty after substitute Gareth Bale was brought down in the box . Marquee signing Bale is now in contention to face Juventus in the European Champions League on Wednesday , having impressed on his return from injury . "  Bale has no problems and is another option . We will see now that we have three days of training before the next match , " Ancelotti said . He backed Ronaldo after the Portugal forward -- who hit the bar in the first half -- apologized to fans for not scoring earlier in the match . "  He was not happy because he wanted to score -- he had chances and I said that the today it was just not his day , but he showed a cool mind in scoring the penalty because when it is not your day , it is not difficult to miss a penalty , " the 54-year-old added . Barca coach Gerardo Martino shrugged off his side 's frustrating day ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League trip to Milan . "  We should have won given the chances we created . I 'm pleased with the team 's performance , " the Argentine said . "  We were n't accurate in front of goal . In the first half we were missing that final pass . We were off by centimeters . "  I would be concerned if there had been a decline in our performance . We tied because that 's how it had to be -- I do n't think our level has dropped . " Atletico 's perfect run came to an end in the Catalan capital as Espanyol triumphed thanks to a bizarre own-goal from goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois , who could only divert Juan Fuentes ' 55th-minute cross into his own net via his outstretched foot . Atletico did breach the opposition 's goal , but Mario Suarez was offside when he headed in Koke 's free-kick . In Saturday 's other La Liga game , Valencia missed a chance to stay in touch with the top four after losing 2-1 at home to Real Sociedad . Germany Bayern Munich returned to the top of the Bundesliga after coming from behind to beat Mainz 4-1 , with substitute Mario Gotze inspiring a second-half fightback . The 21-year-old set up Arjen Robben 's equalizer and was also involved as Thomas Muller and Mario Mandzukic made it 3-1 . Muller sealed the scoring with a penalty after Bastian Schweinsteiger was fouled . It extended the German and European champion 's unbeaten run to 34 matches , two short of Hamburg 's longstanding league record . Borussia Dortmund reclaimed second place with a 1-0 win at home to Hanover , thanks to Marco Reus ' first-half penalty . It gave last season 's runner-up a goal-difference advantage over third-placed Bayer Leverkusen -- whose controversial Friday win against Hoffenheim , courtesy of a goal that went through the sidenetting , will be reviewed on Monday . Fourth-placed Hertha Berlin , another seven points back , beat Borussia Moenchengladbach 1-0 , while Schalke took fifth as Roman Neustaedter 's injury-time goal earned a 3-2 win at bottom club Eintracht Braunschweig . Second-bottom Freiburg drew 0-0 at Werder Bremen , while it was 1-1 between Eintracht Frankfurt and Nuremberg . Italy AC Milan notched a morale-boosting 1-0 win at home to Udinese , moving into the top half of the Serie A table thanks to Valter Birsa 's first-half goal . Brazil midfielder Kaka came on as a second-half replacement after a month on the sidelines with injury , as severely-depleted Milan bid to put together a match-fit squad for Tuesday 's home clash with Barca . Cagliari won 2-1 against 10-man Catania in the club 's first match in 18 months at its renovated home stadium , joining ninth-placed Udinese on 10 points from eight rounds . Second-placed Juve will seek to cut the gap on leader Roma to two points by winning at Fiorentina on Sunday . France Ligue 1 champion Paris Saint-Germain went three points clear with a 4-0 drubbing of Bastia , as star strikers Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Edinson Cavani scored twice each . Monaco can regain the lead on goal difference by winning at bottom club Sochaux on Sunday . Lille moved up to third with a 1-0 win at Montpellier , while Nantes beat Ajaccio by the same score to also go above Marseille -- defeated at sixth-placed Nice on Friday .	Barcelona and Atletico Madrid fail to equal Real Madrid 's record start to season Real three points behind leader Barca ahead of next weekend 's "  Clasico " clash Bayern Munich extends unbeaten run in Bundesliga ; Dortmund also wins AC Milan picks up needed win ; PSG moves clear at top of France 's Ligue 1
CNN  -- Quentin Tarantino has made a spaghetti western and cross-pollinated it with a blaxploitation picture , but it 's fully formed , unapologetic and easily one of the best popcorn flicks of the year . I 'll go further : It 's my favorite American movie of the past 12 months . Before we get to the why , a quick outline of what 's in store : "  Inglourious Basterds " standout Christoph Waltz plays a bounty hunter masquerading as a dentist  the wagon he drives has a giant molar wobbling on the roof  . Although he 's German by birth , he speaks such florid English most of the Americans he encounters have trouble keeping up . His name is Schultz , but he goes by the more distinguished  and resonant  Dr. King . Dr. King is tracking a gang of outlaw brothers , and he enlists the aid of a slave who knows them by sight . This would be Django  Jamie Foxx  , who starts the movie as a piece of property but becomes Dr. King 's business partner and ally . Django eventually takes the upper hand , as the pair trespasses onto the notorious Candyland , the plantation where Django 's wife , Broomhilda  Kerry Washington  , serves Southern aristocrat and sadist Calvin Candie  Leonardo DiCaprio  . Notorious B.I.G. helped Jamie Foxx get in ` Django ' character It 's a typical , even quintessential Tarantino gambit : to take two defunct , disreputable genres , dust them off and mash them together . It 's what he does : sniff out the nitro and introduce the glycerin . Lately , in "  Inglourious Basterds " and again here , he 's added historical flashpoints to the mix for a little extra flare -- and upset those commentators who believe that appropriating history  Nazism , slavery  for the purposes of entertainment automatically trivializes it . Not true . While Tarantino 's morally challenging , emotionally wrenching films carve a different path from the sanctimonious costume dramas made to flatter middlebrow tastes -- and perhaps -- seduce awards voters , they are no less intellectually provocative for it . The comparison with "  Lincoln " is irresistible -- the two films take place within five years of each other . One is grounded in assiduous historical research and offers a shrewd analysis of idealism and political pragmatism , while the other is pure fantasy . But it 's the fantasy that truly rattles the chains of slavery , confronting not just the racist assumptions but also the economic power structure that underpinned it -- the paradoxes , hypocrisies and insidious evils that permitted the system to flourish for so long . Unlike "  Lincoln , " "  Django Unchained " affords room at the heart of its narrative for compelling and assertive African-American characters , both heroic  Foxx in the title role  and otherwise  Samuel L Jackson , memorably repellent as a house servant who has become his master 's right hand and confidant  . ` Django ' cast debates : How does movie violence influence violence in real life ? At a time when so many of our movies aspire to be colorblind  but "  urban " film remains largely ghettoized  , "  Django Unchained " dares to confront racism as a potent force and a moving target , discovering horror and also grotesque comedy in the niceties of Southern etiquette : the way a white landowner can maintain a black mistress , for instance , or tolerate the grumbling of a loyal servant , just so long as everyone knows he will have his dogs tear a runaway limb from limb . That may be the film 's true subject , when you get right down to brass tacks : the vacuity of good manners , and the limits of tolerance . Rambling but in a jaunty , generous , let 's - shoot-the-works fashion , "  Django Unchained " draws on dozens of westerns -- some of them American , others from Italy and Germany -- and includes a very funny travesty of the Ku Klux Klan that might have been an outtake from "  Blazing Saddles . " It doffs its hat in the direction of German mythology , and the soundtrack samples James Brown , 2Pac , Rick Ross , Ennio Morricone and John Legend in the process . It 's a big , brazen movie , brilliantly acted across the board , one of the best things Tarantino has done . Django 's ` Unchained ' in new trailer	"  Django Unchained " is easily one of the best flicks of 2012 , critic Tom Charity says It 's a typical Quentin Tarantino gambit : taking two genres and mashing them together In the title role , Jamie Foxx teams up with a bounty hounter
CNN  -- Have you got $ 1.27 million , 40 days and a liver to spare ? Would you say you have expensive tastes ? Do you prefer a very large diamond in your martini rather than an olive ? Then you might like to go on the "  Ultimate Drink Connoisseurs ' Holiday . " UK-based travel company Holidaysplease is offering a luxury world drinking tour in which you can learn and demonstrate the art of conspicuous consumption . Starting and ending in London -- although pickups are possible elsewhere -- the ultimate hedonistic , money-no-object vacation takes in the world 's best hotels , swankiest restaurants and most exclusive bars in 10 upmarket destinations . En route , drinkers take in the universe 's most ludicrously expensive niche beverages . Half a mil for champagne In Monaco , members of the bottomless budget brigade will mingle with other surreally high net individuals at the high end Hotel Hermitage Monte-Carlo and party at Flavio Briatore 's Billionaire Sunset Lounge in the hotel Fairmont Monte Carlo , quaffing selections from the $ 565,000 "  in-house Armand de Brignac Dynastie " champagne collection . It all comes complete with fawning waiters and diamond-filled ice buckets . "  We spend the first three nights in London in the five-star Corinthia Hotel and hang out in the Playboy Club , Park Lane , Mayfair , " says Byron Warmington of Holidaysplease . Hef once said : "  Life needs to be lived with a sense of style . " As a taste of things to come , surrounded by grinning Bunnies , guests will sample the glam high life and swallow what 's reported to be the second most expensive drink in the history of mixology . The Legacy cocktail includes 1788 Clos de Griffier Vieux Cognac , which comes in at $ 21,000 for a 40 ml shot . It also includes ancient Kummel liqueur , vintage orange Curacao and four dashes of circa 1900 Angostura bitters . The glass it comes in is n't an antique . Slum it with $ 5,000 wine in Germany The next day , at Covent Garden 's Belgo Bierodrome , guests get to sample one of the world 's all-time dearest beers -- Vieille Bon Secours , brewed by Caulier in Belgium 's Wallonia region . Then , to please those into rare Rieslings , it 's off to Frankfurt for a bottle of Egon Muller  only $ 5,000  and a personalized "  executive " Mosel factory tour . France is the next stop with an extended tasting at Cognac 's Grey Goose distillery . In Lyon , there 's R&R with a $ 24,000 bottle of Henri Jayer Richebourg Grand Cru ' 78 . A complimentary VIP tour of the Cote de Nuits is thrown in . The whole ludicrously self-indulgent trip is all-inclusive . Aspirin is complimentary . And limitless . Holidaysplease also offers a six-month , 12-country gourmet odyssey with tables booked at all 107 of the world 's Michelin three-star restaurants . People you could be drinking with A couple from Phoenix , Arizona , have reportedly already booked the drinking tour , as have two British drinkers with deep pockets and credit to burn . After Bordeaux , there 's a renal rest stop in Dubai  staying at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel  , then it 's onto Singapore and The Long Bar at Raffles Singapore for a bargain-priced but relatively downmarket fifty-buck Gin Sling . At Melbourne 's The Crown Entertainment Complex guests will be handed a Winston , which mostly comprises a 19th-century Cognac coming in at $ 170,000 a bottle . With a dash of Grand Marnier , a soupçon of Chartreuse , a hefty dose of Cognac and a dash of those much sought after select Caribbean Angostura Bitters , one was sold in February 2013 for nearly $ 13,000 , earning it a Guinness World Record for the costliest cocktail in the world . "  The Winston was the culmination of multiple parties , " says Joel Heffernan , executive mixologist at Crown Melbourne 's Club 23 bar and creator of the cocktail . "  The Folle Branche grape variety used to make the vintage cognac does n't exist anymore . I wanted to pay homage to that grape . "  It 's named after Churchill as he and Eisenhower allegedly drank 1858 Croizet Cuvee Leonie while planning the D-Day invasion . "  It 's the Cognac that makes the drink special . " The drink makes a signature Churchill Downs Kentucky Derby Mint julep look like a can of Mountain Dew . It 's served with garnishes that include chocolate nutmeg dust , poppy seed essence , rose essence and a little coconut . And it takes two days to make . Vegas venture No over-the-top , absurdly decadent vacation is complete without a stay in Las Vegas where drinkers will be served an iconic Ono Champagne cocktail-for-two at the Aria Resort and Casino Las Vegas . It 's made with Charles Heidsieck Champagne Charlie 1981 and super-rare Louis XIII de Remy Martin Black Pearl Cognac , Sence Rose Nectar , freshly squeezed orange juice and apricot puree . It 's sometimes served in a gold-rimmed Baccarat Champagne flute . In some places , anyone who orders one also gets a rather nice gold necklace and Mont Blanc cuff links . There 's more wining and dining at astronomical prices before a visit to New York 's Algonquin Hotel Times Square , Autograph Collection , and a thirst-quenching $ 20,000 diamond-filled martini , served by the man with the steadiest hands in the city , food and beverage director Alex Aubry . "  Awaiting you when you arrive back in London will be the ultimate goody bag , " says Warmington . "  Three of the most collectable bottles on the planet -- $ 13,500 Legacy by Angostura rum , $ 170,000 64-year-old limited edition Dalmore Trinitas whisky and Penfolds Ampoule red wine , of which only 12 bottles were made . " If you could buy that bottle in a liquor store it would set you back an estimated $ 18,500 . "  Many people quote once-in-a-lifetime holidays but we think this genuinely is , " says Warmington . "  It 's all about the fun of lavish parties , the culture of the wine tours and the extravagance of sipping a cocktail that literally costs hundreds of dollars per sip . "  This holiday is unique . And will provide the ultimate dinner party story . " Unless your guests one-up you and bring along a $ 6.2 million bottle of Isabella 's Islay single malt in an English crystal decanter with 8,500 diamonds and quite a few rubies encrusted on it , too . Further information on Holidaysplease 's website . Kevin Pilley is a freelance writer based in the UK .	A drinking holiday costing more than $ 1 million has been launched by a UK travel agency Trip covers 40 days , 10 locations and some of the world 's priciest drinks Drinks include $ 20,000 Salvatore ` Legacy ' Cocktail and Armand de Brignac ` Dynastie ' champagne collection , valued at $ 557,000
NEW YORK  CNN  -- U.S. safety officials have recalled about 4.2 million Chinese-made Aqua Dots bead toys that contain a chemical that has caused some children to vomit and become comatose after swallowing them . Bindeez , which were named Australia 's toy of the year , contain a chemical that converts into a "  date rape " drug . Scientists have found the popular toy 's coating contains a chemical that , once metabolized , converts into the toxic "  date rape " drug GHB , or gamma-hydroxy butyrate , U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission spokesman Scott Wolfson told CNN . "  GHB is this drug that in low doses actually causes euphoria , " said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . "  In higher doses , it can cause people to go into a coma . It can cause seizures . It can cause something known as hypotonia , where all your muscles just become very flaccid . "  And it can cause people to become amnestic , ... which is why it became a date-rape drug , " Gupta said . "  So this is nasty stuff , and it appears that the chemical is actually converting into it in the body . " The arts and craft beads , aimed at children 4 years and older , have been selling since April at major U.S. retail stores as "  Aqua Dots " and in Australia under the name "  Bindeez Beads . " CPSC spokeswoman Julie Vallese said anyone with Aqua Dots at home should immediately take the toy away from children and contact distributor Spin Master Ltd. to return for free replacement beads or a toy of equal value . For additional information , contact Spin Master at 1-800-622-8339 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET , Monday through Friday . The toy was named toy of the year in Australia and recently made Wal-Mart Stores Inc. 's list of top 12 Christmas toys . Wal-Mart on Thursday listed Aqua Dots on its Web site as "  out of stock online " and had removed them from its top toy list . Toronto-based Spin Master stopped shipping Aqua Dots and asked retailers to pull them off their shelves , where they had sold for $ 17 to $ 30 . Watch what 's known about the beads " Melbourne-based Moose Enterprise Pty. Ltd. recalled Bindeez Beads on Tuesday after three children in Australia swallowed large quantities of the beads and were hospitalized . "  I was so frightened because I thought she was n't going to make it , " Heather Lehane told CNN affiliate Network 7 of her 10-year-old daughter , Charlotte , who was sickened by the beads . In the United States , the Washington-based safety commission said it has received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads . The CPSC said a boy nearly 2 years old "  swallowed several dozen beads . He became dizzy and vomited several times before slipping into a comatose state . " The toddler was hospitalized and has since fully recovered , the commission added . In the second incident , a child vomited , fell into a coma and was hospitalized for five days . It was not immediately clear whether the child had made a full recovery . The recall is the latest to target Chinese-made toys . See if your child has any recalled toys " Last month , U.S. government safety officials and retailers recalled at least 69,000 Chinese-made toys over concerns of excessive amounts of lead paint , which can cause lead poisoning . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Janine Brady , Jason Carroll , Laura Dolan , Julie O'Neill and Leslie Wiggins contributed to this report .	NEW : Distributor provides phone number for return and replacement Children who swallow the beads can become comatose or have seizures Toys are sold as Aqua Dots in the U.S. , as Bindeez Beads in Australia Three children were hospitalized in Australia after swallowing large quantities
CNN  -- At least 19 people were killed in bombings in Baghdad on Saturday evening , police said . The deadliest blast was caused by a car bomb that exploded near a Western-style mall in the western Mansour district , killing at least six people . At least 13 other people died in six other incidents across the city , Iraq 's capital . At least 74 people were wounded in the Baghdad bombings -- six car bombs and one roadside bomb . Baghdad police officials said that gunmen broke out 23 prisoners from the Tobchi juvenile prison in Baghdad and that two police officers were killed and three wounded . But that report was contradicted by Labor Minister Nassar al-Rubaie , who said on state TV that no prisoners escaped . The Labor Department runs the juvenile prison . By around midnight , 13 of the 23 escapees had been captured in three neighborhoods of Baghdad , police officials there said . Earlier Saturday , at least one person was killed and 11 others were wounded when two explosive devices detonated in the northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk , the city 's police said . The attack targeted a marketplace in the southern part of the city , police said . Iraq has been engulfed in fighting and political instability in recent months . The United Nations said 2013 was the deadliest year in Iraq since 2008 , with almost 8,000 people killed , most of them civilians . On Wednesday , at least 61 people were killed and scores wounded in the latest wave of attacks in the Iraqi capital and across the country . Fears of all-out sectarian war have increased since violence broke out in Anbar province , where al Qaeda-backed militants and Iraq 's security forces have been battling for control of Falluja and Ramadi . The violence recalls the bloody fighting at the height of the Iraq war that nearly tore the country apart . On Saturday , Vice President Joe Biden talked with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki about U.S. support for Iraq 's fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , a group that is trying to overthrow the Iraqi government . Biden 's office said the two leaders agreed on the importance of the Iraqi government 's continued outreach to local and tribal leaders in Anbar province .	NEW : 13 of 23 escapees from a juvenile prison have been captured , police say Dozens have been injured in the Baghdad bombings -- six car bombs and a roadside bomb One explosion in Baghdad went off near a mall Earlier Saturday , an attack in Kirkuk targeted a marketplace
Tokyo  CNN  -- Since last year 's Tohoku earthquake , the scenes of devastation and Daiichi nuclear disaster immediately come to mind when people hear "  Fukushima . " Few see the beauty of Fukushima 's landscape , both before the quake and how it now remains.Two photographers , Frances Tong and Katsumi Omori , respectively from Hong Kong and from Japan , are determined to offer artistic alternative . "  In spring , the mist filled up each and every space in the air . In autumn , the falling leaves colored the forest and the sweet scent of maple leaves merged with every breath that I drew in ... and that 's the image of Fukushima that I can recall , " said Tong , an amateur Hong Kong photographer who went to Fukushima prefecture several times before the earthquake . "  Fukushima after the quake is no longer the Fukushima that I once visited , " said Tong . "  Despite the sad side of Fukushima , I want to show its peaceful and hopeful side as well . The scenes of Fukushima that I 've seen on television are so dark and devastated . " Tong founded a charity organization called "  Friends of Fukushima , " which set up three photo exhibitions in Hong Kong showing 30 photographs of Fukushima 's mountains and lakes for charity . Earlier this year , $ 12,000 was raised and donated to Citizens Nuclear Information Centre , an anti-nuclear organization in Japan , to help the Fukushima nuclear plant workers . Tong , a 36-year-old business development manager , discovered Fukushima prefecture 's scenery during a business trip in 2007 . Since then , Tong went to Fukushima every year to capture the scenery on film . Tong says she feels a bond with the prefecture 's environment , including one unforgettable sunrise . "  I woke up at 3:30 in the morning . I waited there for hours with my tripod . I witnessed the rising sun gradually lightening up the sky , from dark to dawn to morning . I felt so light and relaxed , as if I was merged with nature , " said Tong . Rather than looking back in the past , Katsumi Omori chose to show the existing beauty of Fukushima . Right after the quake , Omori , who lives in the Tokyo suburb of Urayasu , felt the need to go to the affected areas last April . "  The world has changed . It was n't what it was before , " the 48-year-old said . "  I had to see it for myself . " Without any precise idea of what would be seen in the area , he decided to head to Fukushima to take pictures of "  sakura " . These Japanese cherry blossoms are the main theme of his ongoing artistic project since 2001 , consisting largely of photos taken in Tokyo and his neighborhood . "  Sakura is planted by people . I wanted to see how those people are living and their conditions , " he said . His sakura photo series was presented to the British public in "  Everything Happens for the First Time " , his solo exhibition held in London , August 2011 . "  People who were expecting to see the massive devastation caused by the tsunami and the earthquake might have been disappointed , " he said . "  Those who saw my work as an artistic expression of my feelings told me that they really like my exhibition . " Omori wanted to show the "  unseen " which has not been exposed by the media . He believed that , as a photographer , his job is to capture things out of the ordinary rather than what is easily seen . Some people told him they felt natsukashi , or "  nostalgia " in Japanese , when looking at his pictures . Being a photographer for 20 years , he observed that artists ' attitude has somewhat changed after this disaster . "  People seem to realize that things do break and things that humans made get washed away , " he said . "  The way artists pay tribute has changed . Their works are sometimes offered to charity organizations and remember what happened . " Haruka Nuga contributed to this story	To most people , scenes of Fukushima evoke death and destruction Two photographers are determined to offer artistic alternative
Washington  CNN  -- Planned Parenthood can continue to receive Medicaid funding in Indiana , after the U.S. Supreme Court denied an appeal by the state on Tuesday . The justices let stand a lower court decision that had blocked patient reimbursement through Medicaid for health providers that perform abortions as part of overall medical care . That would include private groups like Planned Parenthood that fund its abortion care independently . Planned Parenthood said it served 85,000 patients statewide in 2011 . Of those , 5,580 received abortions , but most were given basic reproductive health care , including contraceptives and health screenings . A federal appeals court last year permanently blocked enforcement of the Indiana law , ruling that Medicaid regulations clearly give program participants the power to select their own qualified health care provider . Indiana officials asked the Supreme Court to intervene , but the justices declined without comment . Medicaid is a nationwide health program for low-income patients that is funded primarily by the federal government but administered by the states . Federal law bans Medicaid funds to pay for abortions in most instances , but Indiana 's law went further . The measure specifically blocked the Indiana Department of Health from signing contracts with any group performing abortions , with the exception of hospitals and ambulatory surgical centers . The controversial law was allowed to go into effect in 2011 by a federal judge hours after it was approved by then-Gov . Mitch Daniels . In signing the bill , Daniels and other state officials said other options existed for Medicaid patients seeking reproductive health care . But the appeals court later weighed in and reversed it . There was no immediate reaction to the high court denial from current Indiana Gov. Mike Pence . But Planned Parenthood , which bills itself as the "  nation 's leading sexual and reproductive health care provider and advocate , " applauded the move . "  Over and over again , courts have said that states can not block people from getting preventive health care at Planned Parenthood , and the vast majority of the American public agrees , " said Cecile Richards , president of the nonprofit 's Action Fund . The funding issue is not isolated to Indiana . Courts around the country have blocked similar laws aimed at Planned Parenthood in Arizona , Kansas , North Carolina , and Tennessee . But the group has experienced legal setbacks in Oklahoma and Texas . The high court cases are Planned Parenthood of Indiana v. Secretary of the Indiana Family and Social Services Administration  12-1159  ; and Secretary of the Indiana Family and Social Services Administration v. Planned Parenthood of Indiana  12-1039  .	Justices let stand appeals court ruling that had rejected Indiana law Law sought to block Medicaid reimbursements if health provider also performs abortions Planned Parenthood says only a fraction of services related to abortion Medicaid is health care program for poor and disabled
For three weeks now , Hamas and Israel have been locked in a deadly battle . Each side points to the other for provoking the conflict , which has left scores -- mainly civilians -- dead . And yet , a cease-fire seems unlikely , in part because the sides do n't feel they have accomplished their goals . What are the goals for Hamas , the organization that governs Gaza and is considered a terrorist organization by many Western powers ? And what is it willing to settle for to end the bloodshed ? What Hamas wants : 1 . The destruction of Israel . This mission is written into the preamble of Hamas ' founding document : "  Israel will exist and will continue to exist until Islam will obliterate it . " It 's a demand that is globally repudiated as outrageous . It is unrealistic for Hamas to think that it can somehow destroy Israel . As long as Hamas leaders latch on to that as an endgame , the result will be continued flare-ups for years to come . Some Hamas leaders have stated a willingness to accept peace with Israel under certain conditions , the Council on Foreign Relations notes in a report . For instance , they want Palestinian refugees to be able to return . But such voices are not being heard in the current conflict . If Hamas is incapable of destroying Israel , it might still be dedicated to scaring Israelis off the contested land , journalist Jeffrey Goldberg at The Atlantic posits . "  The goal of Hamas -- the actual , overarching goal -- is to terrorize the Jews of Israel , through mass murder , into abandoning their country , " Goldberg wrote . "  If generations of Palestinians have to be sacrificed to that goal , well , Hamas believes such sacrifices are theologically justified . " CNN Middle East analyst Michael Oren , a former Israeli ambassador to the United States , suggests a different type of war -- a media campaign by Hamas . "  Hamas knows it ca n't destroy Israel with its rockets or tunnels , but it can create a legal and international situation where Israel can no longer legitimately defend itself , " he said . Reports of civilian casualties in Gaza -- without the context of rockets being fired at Israel -- play into Hamas ' media strategy , he said . 2 . An end to the Israeli blockade . Although Israel withdrew its forces from Gaza in 2005 and dismantled Israeli settlements , Palestinians say they continue to live under occupation to this day . Palestinians argue that Israel still maintains effective control of Gaza , making it an occupied territory . Israel controls Gaza 's borders , waters and airspace -- and oversees what goods make it into the territory . CNN 's Ben Wedeman recently spoke with Ismail Haniyeh , who is essentially the prime minister of Gaza . The Hamas member gave his demands -- namely , an immediate end to what he called the Israeli aggression . He wants border crossings to Israel and Egypt opened . In a 2012 interview with CNN , Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal had a similar message . "  The resistance is a means to an end , " Meshaal told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  The endgame is to end occupation but the international community is not enabling us to do this . They are biased towards Israel . " Hamas wants a cease-fire , Hamas spokesman Osama Hamdam said of the current conflict , but it wants assurances that the Palestinians will be able to live peacefully . "  No one is talking against having a cease-fire . But we want a fair cease-fire to protect our own people for a long time , to protect them from the Israeli military attacks , from the siege , from the arrests , " Hamdam told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . 3 . The release of prisoners . In 2011 , a captured Israeli soldier , Gilad Shalit , was released by Hamas in exchange for more than a thousand Palestinian prisoners held in Israel . Many have since been re-arrested . Dozens of other Palestinians were arrested in the aftermath of the June 12 kidnapping of three Israeli teenagers , an incident which precipitated the current fighting . There is a precedent of Palestinian prisoners being released in negotiations with Hamas . This demand by Hamas is also among the most straightforward it has presented . "  Israel is not respecting its commitment by releasing and then arresting prisoners released , " said Zaki Chehab , a leading Arab journalist and political editor of Hayat . "  It 's a sign that Israel has not respected its commitment . " The conditions that Hamas is making is not something unjustified , he told CNN . "  They have a right to make a request because they 've been under siege . " 4 . Rally support at home . Some analysts argue that Hamas is engaged in a battle with Israel to shore up support among Palestinians . Many Palestinians believe that Israel has no intention of finding long-term peace , and they are likely to support Hamas in greater numbers if they view the militants as standing up for their rights . "  Hamas gains strength from the feeling of many Palestinians of despair that they see settlement growth . They do n't believe that Israel has any intention of giving them a state of their own . And so when Hamas says what good is there for us to accept Israel 's right to exist since Israel will never give us a state anyway , that makes Hamas stronger , " CNN political commentator Peter Beinart said . During the last prolonged outbreak between the two sides in 2012 , many concluded that Hamas gained credibility at the expense of other Palestinian leadership factions , according to a Council on Foreign Relations report . In the period since 2012 , Hamas has seen the number of governments friendly to it diminish , and its influence wane . "  Hamas finds itself in a very difficult situation , and has for a couple years now , " writes Natan B. Sachs , a fellow at Brookings ' Center for Middle East Policy . "  Since 2012 , when Egypt was governed by a president from the Muslim Brotherhood  Hamas ' parent organization  , Hamas ' fortunes have declined precipitously . " Strapped for cash and possibly losing popularity , Hamas operatives may have decided that they had little to lose in entering a conflict . It 's possible , Sachs said , that Hamas militants may not always be under the control of its political wing , and that this current conflict is the result of Hamas losing control of its cadres .	Hamas has a number of stated goals Some , like the destruction of Israel , are repudiated globally Hamas also wants an end to Israeli control in Gaza
CNN  -- Defending champion Rafael Nadal is through to the final of the Rome Masters after comfortably seeing off Grigor Dimitrov in the semifinals . The world No. 1 , who battled past Andy Murray in three sets on Friday , made lighter work of his Bulgarian opponent on Saturday winning through in straight sets 6-2 6-2 in just over an hour and 20 minutes . "  I played a solid match and was very good with my backhand , " Nadal said , ATPWorldTour.com reported . "  Yesterday I played a great match and today was a good confirmation that I play better , that the forehand starts to fly again , the top spins as well . A lot of positive things . " The Spaniard , who will be going for an eighth crown in the Italian capital , will be fresher than his Serb adversary who navigated a slightly more circuitous route to a fifth final in Rome . The world No. 2 was out on court nearly three hours against Canada 's Milos Raonic but eventually prevailed in three sets 6-7  7/5  7-6  7/4  6-3 . "  It was a big win , " said Djokovic , ATPWorldTour.com reported . "  Because it gives me a lot of strength and belief that I hope I can carry into tomorrow 's final and the rest of the season . "  He played at a high level , especially on his serve , and I can not recall the last time when I felt so helpless in the return games . I could n't really read his serve . " Over in the women 's draw , Italy 's Sara Errani is through to Sunday 's final . The world No. 11 saw off Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic 6-3 7-5 and now has a shot at becoming the first Italian winner since Raffaella Reggi triumphed in 1985 . Standing in her way is world No. 1 Serena Williams who needed three sets  6-1 3-6 6-1  to see off another Serb , Ana Ivanovic . The American has a 6-0 record against Errani with only one of those matches -- a second round tie on the hard courts in Dubai -- going to three sets . But Williams , who is looking to clinch a third title in Rome , is n't underestimating her opponent . "  I think she 's improved immensely , even in the just the last two weeks , " Williams said of Errani , WTATennis.com reported . "  She 's taken her game to another level and has a lot of confidence having beaten two really good Top 10 players  Li Na and Jankovic  . I have a lot of work to do to beat her and she also has nothing to lose . " Read more : Nadal sees off Murray	Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic take alternative routes to Rome final Spaniard a straight sets winner over Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov Djokovic slugs it out over three sets with Milos Raonic Serena Williams to play home favorite Sara Errani in women 's final
CNN  Talk of American exceptionalism has become headline news , with loud sputtering from Rudy Giuliani , who suggested that President Barack Obama does n't love America in the same way that the rest of us do . Giuliani wants to dwell on our exceptionalism -- the idea that we 're different from other countries , and much better . It 's an old idea that Obama took on in the second year of his presidency , when he said : "  I believe in American exceptionalism , just as I suspect that the Brits believe in British exceptionalism and the Greeks believe in Greek exceptionalism . " That comment annoyed those who wished him to say : "  America is the best country in the world , bar none ! " Somehow the drumbeat for exceptionalism continues . This month , Oklahoma politician Dan Fisher introduced a bill that tried to ban Advanced Placement history classes in his state because the guidelines for teachers did n't talk explicitly about American exceptionalism . The bill passed the House Education Committee in his state by a 11-4 vote but has since been pulled back for a rewrite , the Tulsa World reported last week . Still , it 's part of a battle that has heated up around the country . Indeed , six states have introduced bills to change the framework of AP history courses to emphasize the idea of exceptionalism and downplay aspects of American history that do n't seem , well , exceptional . Scholars have studied the concept thoroughly , and one of the best books on this topic is by Seymour Martin Lipset : "  American Exceptionalism : A Double-Edged Sword "  Norton , 1996  . Lipset identifies five features central to the American value system : liberty , egalitarianism , populism , individualism and laissez-faire . He suggests that we look at most trends in American history through the prism of these concepts , and to an extent this is a useful exercise . The United States is truly remarkable , a nation founded on a set of Enlightenment ideals so beautifully expressed by the Declaration of Independence and codified in the U.S. Constitution . We should feel good about our ideals , even when we do n't quite manage to live up to them . We are a nation of immigrants , a quilt of many colors , and we 've managed over more than two centuries to create a way of life that allows for a reasonable degree of upward mobility , that prizes individual liberty , promotes freedom of religion and genuinely values equal rights for all citizens . At certain times in history -- World War II is a fine example -- we have joined forces with those on the side of freedom , willingly sacrificing our young men and women in a war that secured the defeat of fascism . Yet our history is , like every national story , a complicated one , and American students deserve a balanced view . Should we really ignore the fact that Native Americans died in massive numbers  mostly from diseases carried to these shores by the earliest European invaders  ? In the 19th century , the West was "  won " at considerable expense to those who actually lived on the land . Students need to know about the Trail of Tears , Wounded Knee and other sad episodes in American history . This is part of our story . We need to talk openly about slavery . In doing so , it 's useful to look at the Trans-Atlantic Slave Trade Database and see that more than 12 million Africans were kidnapped and shipped to the New World between the 16th and 19th centuries . The vast bulk of slaves , in fact , went to the Caribbean and South America . The Harvard scholar , Henry Louis Gates Jr. , has written honestly about this . Of course slavery , wherever it occurred , was a brutal system , and it set in motion a great deal of bad karma , not helped by the sad period after Reconstruction ended in 1877 , when an impoverished South put into effect Jim Crow laws that effectively subjugated blacks for many decades , creating a segregated society that -- to a degree -- continues to plague us .  I recommend Eric Foner 's history of this era , "  Reconstruction : America 's Unfinished Revolution . " But the United States has worked hard to recognize and right its wrongs , passing major legislation on civil rights over the years , and we continue to work at this problem . It 's a long and winding road , as the Beatles might have put it . As for America 's military adventures , there are lots of wrinkles . The American Revolution is an inspiring moment , well worth dwelling on with students . But the Mexican-American War was a disgrace , "  one of the most unjust ever waged by a stronger against a weaker nation , " as President U.S. Grant said in his memoirs . It was this war that  in part  caused Henry David Thoreau to refuse to pay his taxes . World War II may have been an American triumph of will and courage , but the Korean War is confusing , and students should consider its odd dimensions . Vietnam and Iraq are also complicated , and yet it 's important for students to know that our interventions in both countries led to a great deal of death and destruction . At the very least , 133,000 Iraqi civilians died as a result of our "  war of choice " in Iraq . This number should never be forgotten , as it set in motion a wave of violence that continues to this day , and it helps to explain anti-American feeling in that region . The war in Afghanistan is ongoing , and it may take decades to know what happened there and why and whether or not it was worth the effort . But it surely does n't help anyone to push these questions under the rug . Obama loves the United States , and he upholds its values proudly . He speaks about its history in clear , rational terms , without pumping up the good side or trying to erase the darker sides . We should never forget that Americans continue to advocate for individual liberty , equality and self-governance . We often step in when it 's necessary to help countries in need . But our history needs no whitewashing . To attempt this does us a terrible disservice . American politicians who dwell on American exceptionalism only dishonor us by suggesting we play dumb to our past .	Jay Parini : Giuliani , Oklahoma AP history issue have put focus on American exceptionalism Parini says U.S. holds high , noble ideals and struggles to improve on flaws To whitewash our history dishonors our values , he says
Cairo  CNN  -- Clashes erupted in Cairo on Friday after Egyptian political forces called on President Mohamed Morsy to take a stand for justice after his first 100 days in office . Shops and streets at Tahrir Square were closed as Morsy supporters and critics threw rocks at one another . At least 121 people were injured , a spokesman for the health ministry said . Thousands turned out for the protest , with some groups chanting , "  Leave Morsy . " Protesters threw Molotov cocktails at one another , and firecrackers sounded amid clashes around Tahrir and Talat Harb squares . Read more : Should U.S. worry about Morsy ? Witnesses said protesters from the Muslim Brotherhood attacked and destroyed a stage built by right-wing groups that criticize Morsy . The Brotherhood said two of their buses were burned near Tahrir Square and their headquarters was burned in Mahala . The same protesters that toppled President Hosni Mubarak in 2011 were scheduled to meet in five locations Friday and march toward Tahrir Square around 3 p.m. "  We want retribution for all the martyrs of the revolution . Those Mubarak cronies released from prison for the camel attack must return behind bars , and we also demand a drafted constitution that represents all factions in a civil democratic language , " Rami Shaath told CNN , explaining the main demands of the nationwide protest . Shaath , a founding member of the Egyptian Revolutionary Alliance , a bloc of secular and religious parties , was referring to the February 2011 "  Battle of the Camel , " street violence in which regime supporters , backed by men on horses and camels , attacked opposition demonstrators . He says he wants to keep Egypt 's revolution going while the media covers Morsy 's political maneuvers . The acquittal Thursday of all suspects detained in relation to the battle last year has sparked a wave of discontent among youths and the Islamic movement across the country -- especially since 24 of those suspects were former senior members of Mubarak 's regime . Most of the officers charged with killing more than 800 protesters during the uprising have not been convicted . "  We also want the retrial of Mubarak , his Minister of Interior Habib El Adly and the seven chief police officers accused of killing the martyrs , " Shaath said . Many people relate the latest wave of acquittals to the removal of General Prosecutor Abdul Majid Mahmoud on Thursday night . "  The general prosecutor submitted his resignation to the president , and he appointed him as an ambassador to the Vatican , " presidential spokesman Yaser Ali told CNN . Mahmoud 's removal has been a top demand during the many "  million-man " protests that followed Mubarak 's ouster . In a tone of defiance , Adel Saeed , the general prosecutor 's official spokesman , released a statement saying that the prosecutor has not resigned and that he will continue his business as usual , as the judicial system bans the president from firing the general prosecutor . iReport video : Clashes in Tahrir Square "  He is a corrupted man appointed by Mubarak , and it would be a disgrace to the Vatican if this is true , " said Mohamed Farhat , a member of the Muslim Brotherhood . Many people who followed the revolution know the vital role the young revolutionaries took in sparking the uprising against Mubarak . The same personalities that toppled the regime have been discreetly applying pressure by mobilizing laborers to demand more rights and better pay . Activist Gigi Ibrahim and her husband , Hossam El-Hamalawy , a member of the Socialist movement , have supported the laborers and helped them strike against the government , including this week 's action by doctors , in which people in hundreds of public hospitals took part in a partial strike and demanded higher wages . More than 30,000 people took part , the Ministry of Health said . "  If the government does not provide to the people , we may see a ` revolution of the hungry ' next , " Ibrahim said . The political duo , along with certain right-wing groups , also aided last week 's general transportation strike . "  They all wanted to revolt demanding better pay , so we helped them by providing lawyers , organizing meeting points and involving media to pressure Morsy to accomplish what he promised to do " Ibrahim told CNN . Morsy on Wednesday announced a presidential decree to pardon all those arrested between the January 25 uprising and June 2012 . The revolutionaries welcomed the decision with some reservations . "  What are the criteria they are using to identify the true revolutionaries from the thugs ? No cop has been convicted for killing us , and now , Mubarak 's former NDP  National Democratic Party  members are loose after they hired men on camels who charged into Tahrir Square , beating us with whips and sticks , " Shaath said . Thousands of protesters took to the streets Wednesday to remember the 27 protesters killed by the army on October 9 , 2011 , in what has become known as the Maspero Massacre . Protesters demanded the arrest and trial of Gen. Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , the former head of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which was running the country then . Dozens of political parties and movements , along with the Muslim Brotherhood , say they will join the protests . Abdelmonen Abol Fotoh , a former presidential candidate , has announced that members of his party will protest on courthouse steps across the nation . Morsy , in his latest presidential speech , announced that he had completed 75 % of his promises in regards to security , traffic and garbage removal . A court ruling this month is expected to dissolve an assembly appointed to draft a new constitution . Islamic movements hold 80 % of the seats , according to lawyer Sameh Ashour , a member of the assembly . "  If the court dissolves the assembly , then President Morsy will appoint the new team . I hope he does not please his Muslim Brotherhood supporters and remain fair for all sects -- women , Coptics and legal constitutional experts , " Shaath said . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 121 reported injured NEW : Muslim Brotherhood HQs in Mahala and two of their buses in Cairo are burned Thousands turn out as critics , supporters of Egyptian president throw rocks , Molotov cocktails Groups are protesting release of suspects in 2011 attack on opposition demonstrators
CNN  -- World number two Novak Djokovic beat John Isner in a grueling four hour 16 minute encounter to secure Serbia 's passage into the quarterfinals of the Davis Cup on Sunday . Serbia led the United States 2-1 overnight in Belgrade with Djokovic favored to beat the giant Isner to clinch the tie , but he was given an almighty scare before winning 7-5 3-6 6-3 6-7 6-4 . They will now play Croatia at home on July 9-11 in the quarterfinals of the premier team event in tennis after their first-ever victory in the World Group . Djjokovic , urged on by a partisan home crowd , looked headed for a routine win as he took the opening set , but he was broken twice in the second as Isner leveled . Djokovic returned the compliment in the third set to lead two sets to one , but he could not force home the advantage and he lost a fourth set tiebreak 8-6 as Isner set up a decider . A single break in the first game gave Djokovic a crucial advantage , but his American opponent proceeded to save six match points before finally netting a forehand , the home hero sinking to his knees after an exhausting ordeal . The defeat means Patrick McEnroe 's U.S. team face a relegation playoff later this year to maintain their record of playing in the World Group every year . In other ties , defending champions Spain shrugged off the absence of the injured Rafael Nadal to beat Switzerland 4-1 to set-up a quarterfinal clash with France . Russia edged out India 3-2 and will face Argentina who defeated Sweden 3-2 in Stockholm . Returning from injury David Nalbandian was Argentina 's match winner in Stockholm as he beat Andreas Vinciguerra 7-5 6-3 4-6 6-4 in the deciding rubber after Swedish number one Robin Soderling had drawn them level with a straight sets win over Leonardo Mayer . 2005 champions Croatia , last year 's runners-up Czech Republic and France sealed their quarterfinal places on Saturday against Ecuador , Belgium and Germany respectively . France 's home clash with Spain is already whetting the appetite of tennis fans . "  It 'll be like a final , it 's the kind of thing you dream about , " France captain Guy Forget told the official Davis Cup Web site www.daviscup.com .	Novak Djokovic beats John Isner in five-set marathon as Serbia beat USA in Davis Cup tie Serbia reach quarterfinals of the World Group for the first time Defending champions Spain will play France in pick of the last eight ties
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A new Taliban military "  code of conduct " calls for restrictions on suicide attacks aimed at avoiding the killing of civilians , but U.S. and Afghan military officials dismissed the document as propaganda , calling it hypocritical . A Pakistani looks at a bus set on fire by Taliban militants in northwest Pakistan in June . The booklet , obtained by CNN in northwestern Pakistan , has emerged during a crucial moment in the fight between troops and militants in Afghanistan , where battles are raging in the country 's Helmand province and troops work to establish stability for the upcoming presidential elections . "  Suicide attacks should be at high value and important targets because a brave son of Islam should not be used for low value and useless targets , " the code of conduct said . "  In suicide attacks the killing of innocent people and damage to their property should be minimized . " It also says "  all mujahideen must do their best to avoid civilian deaths and injuries and damage to civilian property . " And it says that mujahideen "  should refrain " from disfiguring of people , such as the severing of ears , nose and lips . "  Mujahideen must be well behaved , and treat the people properly , in order to get closer to the hearts of civilian Muslims , " the code said . Lt. Cmdr. Christine Sidenstricker , U.S. military spokeswoman in Kabul , saidit was notable that the document is intended to be "  prescriptive on how the bad guys are supposed to conduct themselves . " Watch why Taliban have brought out new code of conduct " "  Their day to day actions contradict everything in it , " Sidenstricker said . "  The long and the short of it is , they do n't operate in accordance to their code of conduct . " She said more than 60 percent of civilians killed have been killed by the Taliban , and since January , more than 450 innocent Afghans have been killed and more than 1,000 others have been injured . Watch why Taliban are proving hard to uproot " Also , half the casualties resulting from roadside bombs were civilians . "  The booklet also says suicide attacks should always be done against high-ranking officials . In reality , they have killed more then 200 Afghan civilians , " she said . Afghanistan Defense Ministry spokesman Gen. Zaher Azimi said the code is " propaganda " and that the Taliban "  will never implement that . " He cites a recent beheading of a retired Afghan soldier as a clear example of the group 's real behavior . "  It was against all the laws of war , " Azimi said . As far as the upcoming election , Azimi said , the Taliban has tried its best in the past "  to disrupt the normal process of peace and security , and they will try their best to disrupt the peace and security process in the future . " The code of conduct is dated as coming into effect on May 9 , 2009 . It is similar to a previous document that emerged in 2006 and covers many topics . For example , it says "  kidnapping for ransom is strictly prohibited . " As for prisoners , the code says "  it is strictly prohibited to exchange prisoners for money . Killing can only be decided by the Imam or his deputy . No one else has the right to do so . " It says an imam or his deputy are on the only ones to make decisions on whether to kill , release of exchange a captured "  military infidel . " Further , it says the practice of taking weapons from people by force "  is no longer permitted . " "  But people may hand over their weapons voluntarily , " it said . And it says that the "  mujahideen of the Islamic Emirate should not collect donations forcibly " and that "  people should be free to choose who they want to give to . " It said mujahideen should n't search peoples ' homes . "  If there is a need to do this , they should get permission from authority and the search should be done in the presence of the imam of the local mosque and two elders . " The code said mujahids are n't permitted to smoke and that "  a male who has not yet grown a beard may not stay in a common sleeping area with other men . " CNN 's National Security Analyst Peter Bergen said the militants "  clearly " are aware of the need to win "  hearts and minds " and are trying to rectify the "  mistakes " of al Qaeda in Iraq . "  They have their own counter-insurgency strategy in winning hearts and minds , " Bergen said . "  This is a corrective , absolutely . " He said "  there 's a window for both sides to make some progress " and the Taliban want to exploit the moment . "  The Taliban believe they are either winning or not losing . If you are an insurgent not losing is important , " he said . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Tim Schwarz and Joe Sterling and journalist Janullah Hashimzadeh contributed to this report	Taliban issues a new code of conduct to show it is a disciplined force Code outlines rules to limit suicide attacks and civilian casualties U.S. and Afghan officials dismiss rules as propaganda and hypocritical
CNN  -- A few weeks ago , Tony Hoard , a 57-year-old manufacturing worker in Indiana , boarded a flight on Midwest Airlines to Las Vegas , Nevada , with his Australian Shepherd . The flight attendant smiled at the two and said , "  Welcome aboard . " Midwest Airlines allows some of its canine customers to be seated in the cabin . Hoard has flown with Rory , his furry 40-pound companion , in coach more than 15 times on Midwest , the Wisconsin-based airline that boasts "  The Best Care in the Air . " Each time they fly , Rory wears a harness and sits strapped into a seat . "  Rory gets the window seat , " said Hoard , whose dog has won a series of Frisbee competitions . "  He likes to look out the window when the plane takes off and naps the rest of the way . " Blame America 's pet obsession , but in recent years , more members of the airline industry are embracing dogs and cats on board . Midwest Airlines may be an extreme example , letting select dogs sit in the same seats as humans , but other airlines are relaxing their pet policies by letting smaller cats and dogs come into the cabin area . About a year ago , Midwest began allowing certain "  celebrity " dogs that appear in canine competitions , shows or advertisements to sit in seats . "  They are just passengers with four legs instead of two , " said Susan Kerwin , who oversees the pet program at Midwest Airlines . The pet travel frenzy has spurred the creation of an airline catering exclusively to pets . This month , Pet Airways , the nation 's first pet-only airline , will begin flying in five major cities , including New York and Los Angeles , California . It 's an alternative to shipping larger pets in the cargo area of a plane , where there have been pet injuries and even deaths . Chart : Compare some of the common airline fees "  The owners can check a bag with them , " explained Alyse Tognotti , a spokeswoman for Pet Airways . "  Or if they have a special blanket or toy , basically anything that will take stress out of traveling . " On each Pet Airways flight , services include potty breaks and experienced animal handlers checking up on the animals every 15 minutes . Nervous parents can track their pets online . Southwest Airlines was the latest airline to join the pet-loving bandwagon in May , when it permitted small dogs and cats to travel in the cabin area . The pets must sit in an approved kennel that fits under the seat . "  I was n't going to fly Southwest Airlines , " said Katie Chapman , 37 , of Louisville , Kentucky , who is mom to a friendly 18-pound Cairn Terrier that resembles Toto from "  The Wizard of Oz . " Since the airline has changed its policy , she plans to take her puppy on a Southwest flight to California this fall . "  I 'm so glad now that she will be able to go with me . " Each year , airlines transport hundreds of thousands of pets in the cargo and cabin areas . Continental reported moving 270,000 pets last year in cabin and cargo , more than triple the number moved before the airline 's pet program officially kicked off eight years ago . The Federal Aviation Administration does n't have restrictions on whether animals can be in the cabin area , but airlines must allow service dogs for the disabled on board . Only cats and dogs are allowed in the cabin areas on most airlines . In the cargo area , other pets like rabbits , birds and lizards can be stowed . The cost of flying your furry friend ranges from $ 75 to nearly $ 300 each leg . It 's a hefty price tag , but profit-bleeding airlines are happy to offer the option . Pets can even rack up frequent flier miles . After three flights with Midwest , the pet can earn a fourth flight free . Continental and JetBlue Airways ' programs credit the pet 's trip on the owner 's frequent flier account . But one airline is catering to allergy-ridden customers who do n't want pets in the cabin . Last year , Frontier Airlines banned pets from the cabin area because officials said pet allergies are common among their customers . Ann Kerns , a 63-year-old teacher in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , experienced continuous wheezing on a four-hour US Airways flight to Phoenix , Arizona . At the end of the flight , she was shocked to find that there had been a cat sitting under her seat . "  What would have happened if I went into an attack at 35,000 feet in the air ? " she asked . In 2008 , the American College of Asthma , Allergy and Immunology wrote letters to Congress expressing concern about pets riding in the cabin area after some patients became ill from their flights . The letters did n't go very far , officials said . Airlines say they have had few allergy injuries on board . The airlines limit the number of pets in the cargo area to about five . The aircraft is disinfected and cleaned routinely , so dander and hairs are n't a problem , airline officials say . But not every traveler has had smooth experiences with pets on board . Terry Trippler , a travel expert , recalls an unpleasant incident years ago when a dog had diarrhea three rows in front of him . "  You could certainly smell it , " he wrote in an e-mail . "  The only real way to solve the problem is no pets in the cabin . "	Most airlines allow small pets to ride in crates in the cabin for a fee Pet Airlines will fly to five cities , transporting pets only Continental moved 270,000 pets in 2008 as part of its pet program Allergist say pets flying in cabin is dangerous for some patients
CNN  -- The survival of several hundred rare gorillas is threatened by rebel fighters who have taken over the animals ' sanctuary , a spokeswoman for the Virunga National Park said Tuesday . File photo : Young gorillas play in Congo 's Virunga Park . The gorilla sector of the park "  has been swallowed up in this conflict , " said Samantha Newport , communications director for the refuge . She fears for the animals ' safety , not least because mountain gorillas do not always flee the sound of gunfire and mortars , she said . "  There are documented cases of the gorillas getting caught in the crossfire and getting killed , " she said . "  It 's the chaos of war and they are right in the middle of it . " That leaves the situation "  extremely precarious " for the critically endangered species , she said . About 200 of the world 's 700 known mountain gorillas lived in the park when rebel leader Laurent Nkunda 's men took control of the gorilla section last year , Newport said . At least nine gorillas are known to have been killed in Virunga National Park last year . There are no mountain gorillas in captivity , she added . "  The mountain gorillas live in the wild . They do n't reproduce in captivity . " Nkunda 's fighters seized the headquarters of the park on October 26 , park officials announced last month , a move park director Emmanuel de Merode called "  unprecedented . " The seizure forced hundreds of rangers who normally monitor the gorillas to flee . The rangers "  track and monitor the mountain gorillas , " freeing them from snares and intervening medically in life-threatening situations , Newport said . "  It 's really important to keep track on a daily basis . " That has been impossible for weeks , she said . "  There has been a complete lack of knowledge about the gorillas for some time . Nkunda 's forces control about 50 percent of the park , including the gorilla sector . " The gorilla section of the park lies in a strategically important area near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda , she explained . Fighting between Congolese government soldiers and rebels led by Nkunda has displaced more than 250,000 people . That 's in addition to roughly 800,000 who already had been driven from their homes , according to the United Nations . On Sunday , even as there was fighting in North Kivu province , Nkunda met with Olusegun Obasanjo , the U.N. special envoy for the area . "  Laurent Nkunda engaged on two things in my presence : the respect of the ceasefire on the one hand and on the other , the maintenance of humanitarian corridors in order to give unconditional access to assist vulnerable populations , " Obasanjo said following the meeting . But Obasanjo said nobody could say for certain what Nkunda wanted to gain from his offensive . Virunga National Park is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and Africa 's oldest national park . It was formerly known as Albert National Park	Rebel offensive threatens rare gorillas in Congo national park 200 of 700 known mountain gorillas live in park controlled by rebels Spokeswoman : It 's the chaos of war and they are right in the middle of it Rangers who normally monitor and treat gorillas have been forced to flee area
CNN  Robert Downey Jr. may be Iron Man in the popular Marvel superhero films , but he recently dealt in some advanced bionic technology himself . Downey recently presented a robotic arm to young Alex Pring , a Central Florida boy who is missing his right arm from just above his elbow . The arm was made by Limbitless Solutions , a volunteer group started by Albert Manero , a University of Central Florida engineering PhD student , to make free bionic arms for kids . Through 3-D printing technology , Alex and others have had the chance to get a robotic arm so they can use their limbs again . Alex received his robotic arm in the summer , then later had it upgraded to resemble a "  Transformers " arm . This past Saturday , Alex received an even more impressive gift , from "  Tony Stark " himself . Downey met with Alex in an Atlanta hotel room . The actor showed the child two arms , one from Downey 's movies and one for Alex : a real , working robotic Iron Man arm . As they both tried theirs on , they compared the lights inside their palms . The video was posted Thursday by Downey as well as Microsoft , which arranged the meeting as part of its social media campaign , The Collective Project , celebrating students using technology to change the world . It very quickly went viral on social media . Alex is 7 , in first grade and a huge superhero fan . His mom told him they were going to Atlanta to meet Manero and a specialist who were working on a new arm for the boy . "  He did n't question it much , so we kind of just went with it , " his mom , Alyson Pring , told CNN . "  Afterward , I asked , ` Why were you so quiet ? ' He said , ' I was freaking out ! ' " After giving him the new arm , Downey invited Alex to hang out with him in Atlanta this summer when he 's filming the new Captain America movie . Manero met Alex through E-Nable , a volunteer network that matches people who have 3-D printers with children who need limbs . Alex 's mom wanted to get him a replacement hand because he was being teased . "  Whenever people saw him , they 'd say , ` What 's wrong with your arm ? ' " Alyson Pring said . "  Now it 's , ` Your arm is amazing , you 're so cool ... it helps educate people to maybe think twice before saying something like , ` Why are you like that ' ? " The prop master for the Marvel movies built the case for Downey Jr. 's arm and the case for the little boy 's arm . The college students made the actual arm for Pring , from the design to the painting to the robotics , said David Beauparlant , marketing manager at Microsoft . "  You could n't even do this stuff not too long ago . It 's amazing what the 3-D printing can do , " he said . To find out more about Alex and the Collective Project , here 's our recent story on the topic of 3-D printed limbs .	"  Iron Man " star Robert Downey Jr. presents a young child with a bionic arm Alex Pring 's mother says her son had been teased about not having an arm
CNN  -- When confronted by gruesome images of a man being beheaded by terrorists , what should you do ? News organizations have grappled with these kinds of questions for decades . Now , with the prevalence of social media , website operators and ordinary Internet users face the same question . On Tuesday , when ISIS published a video showing the murder of American journalist James Foley , most Western news outlets shunned the goriest portion of the video but chose to show still photos from the minutes before the beheading . Some commenters urged news outlets to exercise even more restraint and refrain from using the photos at all . That same dynamic played out on Twitter and Facebook , as well . As some users shared photos and links to the video , others exhorted them to share earlier photos of Foley 's life and links to examples of his reporting instead . It was almost as if users were collectively developing their own sets of standards . Kelly Foley , a cousin of the slain journalist , wrote on Twitter , "  Do n't watch the video . Do n't share it . That 's not how life should be . " But there 's a big difference between individual user decisions and institutional decisions by Twitter and YouTube . For the Web sites , blocking objectionable content is a form of editing . YouTube removes video The slickly-produced , high-definition video was originally uploaded to YouTube , but was taken off the site within a matter of hours . YouTube also sought to take down duplicates whenever they were posted . A YouTube representative said the site , owned by Google , has "  clear policies that prohibit content like gratuitous violence , hate speech and incitement to commit violent acts , and we remove videos violating these policies when flagged by our users . " "  We also terminate any account registered by a member of a designated Foreign Terrorist Organization and used in an official capacity to further its interests , " the representative added . Videos of ISIS executions are still accessible through other sites , however . One such site , LiveLeak , said Wednesday that it was "  currently experiencing an abnormally high volume of traffic . " Twitter suspends accounts Twitter faced similar issues -- and a tremendous amount of pressure from its users about the balancing act between freedom of expression and basic human decency . "  We have been and are actively suspending accounts as we discover them related to this graphic imagery , " Twitter chief executive Dick Costolo wrote in an early Wednesday morning post on the site . It all amounted to a particularly grotesque version of whack-a-mole . At one point Tuesday evening , simply tweeting the word "  beheading " resulted in replies from spam accounts that attached a photo of Foley 's severed head . Twitter briefly suspended the account of a journalist who shared photos of the beheading , but reinstated it later . Propaganda value of images CNN is not airing the video on television or online , but is showing stills from the minutes before the beheading and an audio clip from it . "  It 's news that the executioner 's accent may offer a hint about his identity , " CNN International anchor Jonathan Mann said in a television segment that explained the network 's decision-making . "  It 's news that may change what governments and armies do next . It 's news that other journalists will spread ... and that social media will spread without any journalists involved , no matter what we do . It 's news that extremists wanted us all to spread ... and they killed a man , at least in part , so that we 'd do it . " Mann added , "  What should we do ? We thought about it , and we hope we made the right choice . " The tabloid New York Post newspaper decided to go further , publishing on its front page a frame from the video that shows a terrorist beginning to cut into Foley 's head . The newspaper headline says "  SAVAGES . " Some Internet users subsequently suggested that the Post 's Twitter account should be suspended , too . The horrific case revived long-running debates about whether news coverage of a terrorist act gives the terrorists the publicity they seek . Many Internet users ' arguments against showing even still images from the Foley video cited the propaganda value of the video . One of the counter arguments is that people should see -- must see -- the atrocities . Some of the same debates took place in 2002 , after al Qaeda extremists beheaded the Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl and published the video on the Internet . Steve Goldstein , who was the head of corporate communications for the Journal at the time , said he had to "  urge the networks not to run the video . " In Foley 's case , he said , "  it 's good to see that the networks are acting so responsibly in this case by refusing to show this barbaric action . " Twitter removes images of beheading Beheading of American journalist James Foley recalls past horrors CNN 's Laurie Segall and Samuel Burke contributed to this report .	Images and videos of James Foley 's beheading are on the Internet Many media outlets , including CNN , are not showing the video Internet users and operators must decide how to deal with the video
CNN  -- Qatar , as diplomats say , likes to "  punch above its weight . " This arid peninsula in the Persian Gulf is smaller than Connecticut but played a leading role in helping Libyan rebels oust Moammar Gadhafi and has been at the heart of Arab League sanctions against Syria . It 's now facilitating talks on the Afghan conflict by allowing the Taliban to open a liaison office in its capital , Doha . Qatar is also home to the pan-Arab news channel Al Jazeera , a thorn in the side of many Arab regimes past and present . It is a major player in the energy industry , with vast reserves of natural gas , and -- perhaps in an effort to outflank Dubai as the playground of the Gulf -- is due to host the soccer World Cup in 2022 . It helps that the emirate is fabulously wealthy , with the highest per-capita gross domestic product in the world . It can fund ambitious initiatives -- to help fund the Palestinian Authority , for example , or provide cash and weapons to the Libyan rebels . Now it 's exploiting long-held ties with the Taliban to provide a platform between the group and the international community , and especially the United States . Will Taliban 's Qatar address change dynamics of Afghan conflict ? As far back as 2001 , before the group was ousted in Afghanistan , the Qataris hosted Taliban delegations . And in the past year , thanks to its hyperactive diplomacy under Prime Minister  and Foreign Minister  Hamid bin Jassim Al-Thani , the emirate has emerged as a regional power broker -- to the consternation of its larger neighbor , Saudi Arabia . Qatar 's growing dynamism within the Arab League has been most evident amid the unrest in Libya and Syria . It was one of two Arab states to play a role in enforcing the no-fly zone over Libya . And according to journalists in western Libya last spring , Qatari advisers were working with Libyan rebels in the Nafusa Mountains as well as supplying anti-tank missiles and other weaponry to rebel forces in the east . In November , Qatar forged a package of sanctions against the regime of Bashar al-Assad that was adopted by the Arab League , provoking an attack on its embassy in Damascus and the withdrawal of the Qatari ambassador . It lobbied other Arab states hard , telling them that effective Arab action was required to avoid "  foreign interference " in Syria . Qatar was also ready to use the power of the purse with Syria by canceling projects there . As part of intensive efforts to build a relationship with the United States , Qatar has allowed U.S. forces to use the al-Udeid air base for operations in Iraq , Afghanistan and Somalia . It also hosts the forward headquarters of the U.S. Central Command . Over the past 10 years , Qatar has also offered to be the go-between in Iran for successive U.S. administrations . According to a 2006 U.S. diplomatic cable , Foreign Minister Al-Thani told a U.S. official , with some pride : "  Qatar talks to Iran as an equal , and this is important . " The two countries are joined at the hip , as they share vast natural gas reserves under the Gulf . And it is a principle of Qatari diplomacy that it will cultivate groups that wo n't talk to each other -- Hamas and Iran as well as Washington . Qatar also offered to help the United States improve relations with Sunni tribal leaders in Iraq at the height of the insurgency there . The emir , Hamad Bin Khalifa Al-Thani , and his family drive Qatari policy and have proved themselves agile negotiators with a grasp of the intricacies of Middle East politics . U.S. diplomatic cables describe Qatari officials as well-prepared with a detailed understanding of the nuances of their complex neighborhood . The Arab Spring has worked in Qatar 's favor . One of the few states where no protests have occurred , it has taken advantage of Saudi caution and upheavals in Egypt and Syria to carve out an assertive regional role . But Qatar 's activism generates plenty of resentment . The populism of Al Jazeera has infuriated Arab regimes . The emir fends off complaints about Al Jazeera 's reporting , telling CNN 's Wolf Blitzer last year : "  Of course it 's not necessary I will agree with what Al Jazeera say . Actually , Jazeera caused for me a lot of problems . " Similarly , the Saudis are suspicious of Qatar 's open channel with Iran . President Ali Abdullah Saleh of Yemen put an end to Qatari efforts to mediate between his government and Huthi rebels . And President Hamid Karzai recalled the Afghan envoy in Doha in December because he 'd been kept in the dark about contacts with the Taliban . But the Al-Thanis are not afraid to ruffle feathers . In the diplomatic world , as one Gulf commentator observed , Qatar is proof that size is n't everything .	Qatar is allowing the Taliban to open a liaison office in its capital Gas-rich , Qatar has become a regional power broker It helped fund rebels who ousted Moammar Gadhafi Qatar has hosted Taliban delegations going back to 2001
CNN  -- Once the ultimate power couple in China , Bo Xilai and his wife Gu Kailai have now vanished . Bo has been stripped of his top Communist Party posts for unspecified "  serious violations of discipline , " while Gu has been detained in connection with the death of Neil Heywood , a British businessman . The scandal has rocked the Chinese leadership to the core . But weeks after the shocking news of the couple 's fall from grace broke , little substantiated information has come out . It has mostly been rumor and speculation . Some people at the center of the story have been silenced . Others have been locked up . Inside murder mystery hotel But one insider who has dared to speak is Wang Kang , a self-described "  independent thinker , " who seems to move in and outside Communist Party circles . Born and bred in Chongqing , a sprawling metropolis of more than 30 million where Bo served as party chief for four years , Wang , 64 , knows what makes the city tick . In recent weeks , while China 's official media have remained tight-lipped on the Bo scandal , Wang has talked with numerous overseas media , revealing tales of scandal , blackmail , murder and arrests . ` Party boy ' son hits back at allegations "  I know I 'm taking a little risk by agreeing to take your interview , " Wang told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  But what I 'm saying is basically in line with the central government . Several foreign media told me they could n't find one single interviewee in the vast city of Chongqing . They dare not sound off their opinion . This is sad . " Wang acknowledged he is not personally familiar with Bo . He met him only once many years ago , before Bo moved to Chongqing . But he boasts a network of "  guanxi "  connections  -- academics , writers , journalists , businessmen and officials -- some of whom claim to have knowledge of the Bo scandal . China enters internet ` battlefield ' over Bo "  I 'm stronger at analyzing , " he said . "  As for the truth , many other people know much more about it than I do . " Still , Wang talked expansively about the unfolding political scandal . He said Bo portrayed himself as a modern-day Mao Zedong . "  Bo borrowed Mao 's ideology as the core of his own governing , " he said . "  But going back to Mao 's path was definitely not an option . It was a dead-end . " Bo 's campaign of smashing gangs and reviving Communist , Mao-era songs -- "  smash black , sing red , " as he called it -- caused a lot of damage in Chongqing , according to Wang . "  Extortion of confessions through torture was commonplace , " he added . "  Too many unjust and mistaken cases were made in the process . " Why did Bo seem to enjoy public support ? "  He gained some support from a certain crowd , which is pathetic , " Wang opined . "  Deng Xiaoping did n't conduct a thorough reform to erase Mao 's impact , and the opening up -LSB- of China 's economy -RSB- has led to a huge rich-poor gap and enormous corruption in the Communist Party . "  It 's natural that some people would want to go back to the egalitarian Mao era because Deng brought back capitalism which some people did n't welcome . "  Bo gained support in Chongqing in part because Beijing never effectively reformed its political system , " he claimed . What about Bo 's ties to Neil Heywood ? Was he a British spy ? "  Personally I do n't think Heywood was a spy , " he said without elaborating . The China-based businessman reportedly moved in the orbit of a company known as Hakluyt and Co. , a British strategic information consultancy formed by former officers of the UK 's spy agency MI6 . Hakluyt recently released a statement saying : "  Neil had a long history of advising western companies on China and we were among those who sought his advice . We are greatly saddened by his death . " Meanwhile , Wang expressed doubts Bo was involved in Heywood 's murder . "  If it 's like what was reported , that Bo was shocked on learning of Heywood 's murder , he may not have been involved previously but may have tried to hide or minimize its impact , " Wang said . As for Bo 's wife , Wang noted official Chinese reports allege Gu may have been complicit in Heywood 's death . "  As for her motive , I think it 's either struggling over financial interests or disagreements related to their personal affair , " he said . "  It somehow became impossible for Gu to end this relationship with Heywood . My guess is both factors exist . They were involved both financially and romantically . " Was Bo involved in corruption and bribery ? Wang could not say for sure . "  I do n't know whether he 's interested in money , but my understanding of politicians of his kind is they are not impressed much by money , maybe by women -- think about Hitler or Mao -- but by power , " he said . "  Money is a significant factor nowadays , for sure , but I do n't know about Bo 's attitude on this . " Wang then proffered lessons that could be learned from the Bo saga . China , he said , needs political reform . "  Bo is not so extreme , he is still reasonable , " he said . "  If some Maoists like those online bloggers of ` Utopia ' came to power , it 'll be a disaster . This is what we can learn from the Bo Xilai case : start political reform immediately and return power to people . " Another lesson , he said , comes from censorship . "  The lack of free flow of information and expression channels are blinding people , " he explained . " ` Rumors stop at the wise mind ' , an old Chinese saying says . In modern days they stop when there are open channels , media freedom and transparency . " As the hour-long interview came to a conclusion , Wang declined to speculate on the outcome of the Bo scandal . He said only the main characters in this saga can possibly know more -- the deceased Heywood , Gu and Bo himself .	Bo Xilai stripped of his top Communist Party posts for unspecified "  serious violations of discipline " His wife , Gu Kalai , detained in connection with the death of a British businessman The scandal has stunned China 's hierarchy , but little substantiated facts have come out Wang Kang says he has taken a risk by revealing what he knows about the Bo family
New York  CNN  -- Exactly eight months after the "  brazen " theft of a Salvador Dali painting from a Manhattan art gallery , a Greek national was indicted Tuesday on a grand larceny charge , according to the New York County District Attorney 's Office . Phivos Istavrioglou , 29 , is accused of stealing the 1949 Dali watercolor "  Cartel de Don Juan Tenorio " on June 19 from the Venus Over Manhattan gallery . Istavrioglou is charged with one count of second-degree grand larceny and is scheduled to appear in court next Tuesday . He is being held on $ 100,000 bail , according to David Cohen , Istavrioglou 's attorney . Istavrioglou was detained by Homeland Security agents on Saturday and arrested by the New York police after flying from Milan , Italy , to New York 's Kennedy International Airport , according to a district attorney 's office media release . An undercover detective posing as an art gallery business manager had invited Istavrioglou to New York , proposing to hire the defendant as an art gallery consultant , according to the district attorney 's office . In June , Istavrioglou allegedly posed as a potential gallery customer , lifted the painting off a wall , placed it in a shopping bag and left the gallery , according to the district attorney 's office statement . Surveillance video showed a suspect walking out of the gallery with a shopping bag , the district attorney 's office statement said . "  Today 's indictment brings us one step closer to bringing an international art caper to a close , " New York County District Attorney Cy Vance said in the statement . The painting was sent back to the United States anonymously and was recovered at Kennedy International Airport customs on June 28 . It was intercepted in a cardboard shipping tube en route to the same gallery . The painting was then returned to the gallery . The painting is valued at approximately $ 150,000 . Cohen says his client is not facing mandatory jail time and that he plans on challenging his client 's high bail .	A Greek national is charged with grand larceny in the theft from a Manhattan gallery Man took "  Cartel de Don Juan Tenorio " off the wall , put it in a bag and left , prosecutor says The painting , valued at $ 150,000 was anonymously returned by mail , officials say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Frank Woodruff Buckles was just 15 years old when he joined the U.S. Army . Soon , he was deployed to war and headed overseas on the Carpathia -- the same ship used in the rescue mission of the Titanic . World War I veteran Frank Buckles entered the Army at age 15 . "  I did n't lie , " he said with a laugh this week . He drove ambulances in Britain and France for soldiers wounded during World War I . A few decades later , Buckles was in the Philippines as a civilian , on December 7 , 1941 , the day Japan attacked Pearl Harbor . He was taken as a prisoner of war for 39 months in Manila , eating his meals out of a single tin cup . More than 60 years later , he still clings to that cup , the one that sustained his life . Weathered with age , the cup has flecks of white paint chipped off . He keeps it as a reminder of his sacrifice for the country he so loves . He also still has his dog tags . At age 107 , there 's not much the war veteran , POW and West Virginia farmer has n't seen . But this week , this quietly accomplished man was humbled . Buckles , the last known surviving World War I U.S. veteran , met the president of the United States and received a standing ovation at the Pentagon . "  I did n't lie ; nobody calls me a liar , " he said with a chuckle , referring to how he became a soldier at just 15 . Speaking with a hushed , deep voice , he conceded , "  I may have increased my age . " He spoke from a wheelchair , dressed in a dark blazer with his military medals pinned over his heart . Those in attendance clung to his words . "  We cherish the chance to say thank you in person to Cpl. Frank Buckles , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said , before unveiling a portrait of him . At the White House , President Bush thanked him for his "  love for America " and called him "  the last living ` doughboy ' from World War I. " Watch Bush honor a national hero " "  Mr. Buckles has a vivid recollection of historic times , and one way for me to honor the service of those who wear the uniform in the past and those who wear it today is to herald you , sir , and to thank you very much for your patriotism and your love for America , " the president said , seated with Buckles in the Oval Office . Buckles ' tour of Washington was part of a series of events to honor the veterans of World War I , which included the opening of a photographic display at the Pentagon on Thursday . There will be nine formal portraits on permanent exhibition at the Pentagon . All were donated by David DeJonge who spent a decade finding and photographing the last of the World War I vets . DeJonge wants a more elaborate memorial in Washington to honor the veterans . For now , the only public site is an unpretentious gazebo near the Jefferson Memorial established by the city of Washington D.C. Buckles visited the site Thursday afternoon . Watch Buckles view the memorial "  I think it was a very nice idea , " he said after he and an aide toured the structure . But Buckles noticed the memorial is not national but built primarily to honor veterans from the District of Columbia . "  I can read here that it was started to include the names of those who were local , " Buckles said . He was greeted at the site by two young Army Medical Corps candidates in training at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Bethesda , Maryland . "  It 's just an honor to see somebody that served so much before us , to be in the same shoes as him , like , a century later , " said Reeme Sikka , 22 . One passerby , Vietnam veteran Zeke Musa , was embarrassed by the unkempt condition of the memorial . "  These guys served their country , you know . It 's a shame , " he said . According to an autobiography the Pentagon released , Buckles was eager to join the war . He said his recruiter in the summer of 1917 told him that "  the ambulance service was the quickest way to get to France , " so he trained in trench casualty retrieval . Buckles eventually served as an officer 's escort in France before joining a transport detail for German prisoners of war . He now lives on his family 's cattle farm near Charles Town , West Virginia . By the end of Thursday , the last of America 's World War I doughboys was clearly effected by the day 's events . "  I feel honored , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	World War I veteran set sail on same ship used in rescue mission of Titanic Frank Buckles honored by President Bush , Defense Secretary Robert Gates Buckles was also held as civilian POW in the Philippines during World War II He still has a tin cup he ate from for more than three years of captivity
Tokyo  CNN  -- With the ringing of bells and bowing of heads Monday afternoon , Japan marked the passage of a month since the deadliest earthquake and tsunami in its modern history . Buddhist monks at the Tsukiji Hongwanji temple in Tokyo struck their bells at 2:46 p.m. , the time the March 11 earthquake struck off Japan 's northern coast . The magnitude-9 quake sent walls of water slamming into the country 's Pacific shores , sweeping away whole villages and leaving more than 27,000 dead or missing . In Youriso , a fishing village north of the quake 's epicenter , Japanese troops stopped their ongoing search for bodies , took off their hats and safety helmets and bowed their heads to observe a nationwide minute of silence . Of the town 's population of 400 , 12 died in the tsunami and 150 remain in shelters . "  I recalled the relatives I lost in the tsunami , " one woman , Fusako Endo , told CNN . "  I had all those people washed away in my mind when we all stopped . " As of Monday afternoon , the death toll from the disaster stood at 13,127 , according to Japan 's National Police Agency . Another 14,348 remained missing , and 4,793 were injured . In addition , at least two deaths and 283 injuries have been blamed on an aftershock , a magnitude-7 .1 tremor that rattled the islands Thursday night . Japanese troops launched an extensive search for more victims in the coastal prefectures of Iwate , Miyagi and Fukushima over the weekend . On Monday , another powerful earthquake -- followed by a series of smaller quakes -- rocked northeastern Japan . The jolt from the magnitude-6 .6 quake was felt in Tokyo , about 164 kilometers  101 miles  away , or about 50 kilometers  31 miles  southwest of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . In addition to the devastation that the March 11 disaster unleashed , it also knocked out power to the crippled plant -- triggering a crisis that Japanese authorities have yet to resolve . Two explosions , a fire and the continuous pumping of water into the reactors have spread radioactive particles over a wide area of the land and sea surrounding the plant . Everyone within a 20-kilometer  12.5-mile  radius of the plant was ordered to evacuate , and those living between 20 and 30 kilometers were told to stay indoors . Both the government of Prime Minister Naoto Kan and the plant 's owner , the Tokyo Electric Power Company , have faced increasing questions over their handling of the disaster but ca n't say at this point when they expect to bring it to an end . Video taken by a pair of freelance journalists in the town of Futaba , about 3 kilometers away , showed stray dogs wandering the streets -- and one , horrifyingly , still chained . The photographers , Shuji Ogawa and Naomi Toyoda , gave some of their food to the animal before leaving . Some of the dozens of Futaba residents now living in a shelter in Kozo , north of Tokyo , watched the video and came away convinced they would never return to their hometown again . Nobuyuki Araki was roused to anger when he saw a Tokyo Electric sign touting the "  bright future " of nuclear power . "  That sign was a lie , " Araki said . "  For the last 40 years , TEPCO has only been saying nuclear power is safe , that there 's no chance of a meltdown . We -- the people of Futaba -- feel we 've all been betrayed . " But at a news conference Monday , Yukio Edano , Kan 's chief Cabinet secretary and the government 's point man on the crisis , defended authorities ' performance over the past month . "  I believe we have have done our utmost under the current system in supporting the victims of the earthquake , as well as handling the nuclear power plant situation , " Edano said . "  However , we must not forget people are still suffering , and we must realize what they are going through . " Ailing Chang and CNN 's Brian Walker , Kyung Lah and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	NEW : Powerful aftershock hits one month after deadly quake Japan observes a minute of silence for disaster victims The quake has left more than 13,000 dead and 14,000 missing The crisis at a damaged nuclear plant is yet to be resolved
LONDON , England  CNN  -- You do n't want to monkey around on a blind date , especially if your friends are also taking an interest in the same dark , handsome stranger . Jookie , as she is known , studies a poster of French gorilla Yeboah , who is heading for London Zoo . So when three female gorillas at London Zoo heard that they would soon be visited by a brooding French hunk -- well , they went a bit bananas . The latest development in Anglo-French relations sees Yeboah , a 20-stone 12-year-old , leave his current home at La Boissiere Du Dore Zoo , Pays de la Loire , northwest France and head for the British capital by the end of the year . There he will be greeted by gorilla trio Zaire , Effie and Mjukuu , who were given posters of their prospective boyfriend for the first time Thursday . One female gorilla shrieked in delight , while another wedged the poster in a tree to stare at it . A third , clearly overcome by emotion , held the photo close to her chest -- then ate it . Their reception was somewhat unsurprising . The zoo has been without a male gorilla since the demise of Bobby , a silverback , in December . Tracey Lee , team leader at London Zoo , put in a good word for the hirsute lothario on the London Zoo Web site , saying Yeboah is "  a very charming , fun loving and intelligent gorilla . " But whom will Yeboah choose to charm first ? Zaire , at 34 , is the oldest female gorilla and has been at London Zoo since 1984 . The zoo says she 's "  happiest when she 's taking down and rebuilding her nest in various spots around the island . She loves to play with fabric and often drags it around with her all day . " Then there 's Effie , 16 , who "  enjoys seeing toddlers and often makes her way over to the glass when they come to see her , " according to the zoo Web site . Finally there 's 10-year-old Mjukuu , or "  Jookie . " Dan Simmonds , a keeper at the zoo 's Gorilla Kingdom , says she "  has this ` butter would n't melt look ' to her , and she gets away with murder . " "  The other two females get along with her very well ; she seems to have them all wrapped around her little finger . " Bridget Fallon contributed to this story .	London Zoo has been without a male gorilla since December French gorilla Yeboah is being sent from La Boissiere Du Dore Zoo , NW France Female gorillas at London have been shown posters of their new guest
New Delhi  CNN  -- India 's famed yoga guru , Baba Ramdev , ended his hunger strike Tuesday , a day after he was briefly detained at a New Delhi stadium for protesting alleged government corruption . Ramdev 's anti-corruption fast started on August 9 and ended Tuesday at the same stadium where he had been detained . The end to the fast was televised as many watched the bearded yoga teacher sip what appeared to be lemon juice . Ramdev , whose yoga television programs have been watched by millions , is seeking repatriation of Indian money he says is stashed in foreign banks . He has also criticized the ruling Congress party , blaming it for chronic graft . On Monday , police briefly detained Ramdev after he tried to lead an anti-corruption march toward the national parliament building , police said . He was transported to the stadium , where he was detained for hours . Ramdev and his supporters stayed overnight at the venue despite being released . He ended his protest fast and left the stadium with his supporters Tuesday after police told him to leave because of security concerns ahead of India 's Independence Day on Wednesday . During the protest Monday , several senior politicians from the opposition Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party-led National Democratic Alliance joined Ramdev . Ramdev also voiced a stinging assessment of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for his handling of corruption allegations . A government official offered his own criticism . "  Ramdev has lost his identity as a fighter . He has now succumbed to the pressure of  the  BJP and also the NDA partners . There is no doubt about it . To that extent he has completely lost his credibility , " federal minister M. Veerappa Moily told reporters Tuesday .	Baba Ramdev was released after short detention Monday , police spokesman says Police detained Ramdev during attempt to march on Indian parliament building Monday Ramdev wants repatriation of illegal wealth held overseas and stronger corruption protections
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- In the city of Donetsk , the devastation wrought by weeks of fighting between pro-Russia rebels and Ukrainian forces is all too apparent . And as the civilians caught in the crossfire sweep up the debris of their homes and livelihoods , they are hardened against a president they say is killing his own people . Alexander Omelyavenko , a Donetsk resident , told CNN , "  We are Ukrainian but they kill us , so we probably need our own country . Because these people in Kiev , they are not brothers for us . " Another resident , Victoria Khrushova , wiped away tears as she told how her family had been forced to hide from the shelling in cellars . "  We live underground . It was so hard for two weeks -- especially 27th , 28th , 29th -- but only today is quiet , " she said . The husband of a 34-year-old woman killed outside a block of flats last Wednesday would n't talk to CNN , saying he was in shock . He made it down to the cellar with their small child but she simply did n't have time . A 50-year-old woman was killed with his wife . It 's a story which repeats itself over and over in dozens of apartment blocks , with civilians being killed by the constant shelling around Donetsk . Windows are shattered , holes blasted in walls and blackened rafters which once supported the roofs of homes stand in bleak outline against the sky . The victims are the human face of a humanitarian catastrophe unfolding even as diplomatic efforts to curb the fighting plow on . The United Nations ' refugee agency , UNHCR , said Tuesday that the number of people displaced in Ukraine by the fighting , particularly around Donetsk and Luhansk , had more than doubled in less than a month . While an estimated 117,000 had fled their homes as of August 5 , the agency puts the number displaced as of September 1 at 260,000 . UNHCR believes the actual number displaced is higher , as many are staying with families and friends and choose not to register with the authorities . Nearly 95 % of those forced from their homes are from eastern Ukraine and most remain in the region , its report said . ` Be human ... Stop this war ' Donetsk , once-thriving , is now half-empty , shop fronts shattered and its railway station bombed . Its trauma hospital is filled with the civilian wounded who were unable to reach safety in time as the shells rained down . Medical teams treat market traders with shrapnel embedded in their legs or the broken limbs of pensioners too old or sick to run . "  There was one war and this is the second war . I was born in 1940 in World War II and I will probably die before this war is over , " said elderly resident Valentina Sergeyevna . Valentina Popova , in the ward next door , has lost her leg and her arm to indiscriminate artillery shells . Switching to the Ukrainian language , she made a heartrending plea to Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko . "  We used to dance , sing , do everything in Ukrainian . Poroshenko , Mr. Poroshenko -- please listen to us . Why do n't you understand your people ? Be a man . Be human . Please stop your aggression . Stop this war . " Russia accuses the Ukrainian government of precipitating the humanitarian crisis by pursuing its campaign to regain territory seized by the rebels . Meanwhile , Poroshenko and some Western allies have said thousands of Russian troops are in his nation 's east , helping the separatists . NATO members meeting this week in Wales are expected to create "  a very high-readiness force " to deal with Russian aggression in Ukraine and other international conflicts , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Monday . European Union leaders are expected to decide on further sanctions against Russia over its actions in Ukraine by Friday , Italian Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini said Tuesday . Lavrov : ` Let us sit down and talk ' Though Russia has denied sending its troops to Ukraine , it has defended the rebels ' action in the east . "  Washington and Brussels need to ask Kiev authorities to stop shelling the houses , schools , hospitals and so on because you leave militia with no choice but to stand up to protect their people , " Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said . "  Let 's not ask militia to lay down their weapons and allow themselves to be killed . " Lavrov said negotiations , not threats , would help resolve the crisis between the two neighbors . "  Let us sit down and talk instead of threatening with sanctions and stubbornly making absolutely unrealistic demands of the militia laying down arms , " he said . "  This is what the peace plan of Poroshenko is about . " The continued fighting means it 's difficult for humanitarian workers to assess the full scope of the crisis , the UNHCR said in its report , while damage to roads and other infrastructure makes it hard to get aid in . As of September 1 , some 2.2 million people remained in conflict areas according to the Ukrainian authorities , the agency said , many with limited access to food , water , and other basic necessities . "  In Donetsk , Makiivka and Gorlovka the regional authorities estimate there are 20,000 people with disabilities and needing help , " it said . "  In Luhansk , residents have been without proper supplies of food and water , and dealing with electricity shortages and communications problems for a month . " The number of people using "  humanitarian corridors " set up by the authorities to flee has dropped off since a number of civilians died in attacks , the UNHCR said . Statehood question ? Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula in March following the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych the previous month . Violence broke out in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions in April when separatist leaders declared independence from the government in Kiev . Since then , the conflict between the pro-Russia rebels and the Ukrainian military has killed more than 2,500 people , according to the United Nations . A Human Rights Watch report released Monday claimed "  unlawful government and insurgent attacks " in and around Luhansk were contributing to rising civilian casualties . It cited a Luhansk morgue doctor as saying explosive weapons have killed more than 300 civilians in the city since May . HRW researchers spoke to more than a dozen people who had witnessed artillery , mortar or rocket attacks in civilian areas . "  Many of the attacks appeared to be indiscriminate , in that they did not or could not distinguish between civilians and combatants , " the rights group said . "  Indiscriminate attacks violate international humanitarian law , or the laws of war . " A report last week by the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights documented "  a wide array of serious human rights abuses " committed primarily by the rebel fighters . Violations have also been committed by members of the Ukrainian military as they try to recapture rebel-held territory , it said . Opinion : Fog lifts to show Russia at war The scene in eastern Ukraine Ukraine crisis : 6 questions and answers CNN 's Diana Magnay reported from Donetsk and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	EU leaders may decide on further sanctions against Russia by the end of the week Homes , businesses and lives have been torn apart by shelling in Donetsk city "  Please stop your aggression . Stop this war , " one woman says to Ukraine 's president U.N. : Number of people internally displaced in Ukraine more than doubled in a month
CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama defended himself and his wife Sunday against suggestions that they are insufficiently patriotic . Sen. Barack Obama defended himself and his wife against recent suggestions that they are not patriotic . After a town hall meeting in Lorain , Ohio , a reporter asked Obama about "  an attempt by conservatives and Republicans to paint you as unpatriotic . " The reporter cited the fact that Obama once failed to put his hand over his heart while singing the national anthem . Obama replied that his choice not to put his hand on his heart is a behavior that "  would disqualify about three-quarters of the people who have ever gone to a football game or baseball game . " The reporter also noted that the Illinois senator does not wear an American flag lapel pin , has met with former members of the radical anti-Vietnam War group , Weather Underground , and his wife was quoted recently as saying she never felt really proud of the United States until recently . Asked how he would fight the image of being unpatriotic , Obama said , "  There 's always some nonsense going on in general elections . Right ? If it was n't this , it would be something else . If you recall , first it was my name . Right ? That was a problem . And then there was the Muslim e-mail thing and that has n't worked out so well , and now it 's the patriotism thing . "  The way I will respond to it is with the truth : that I owe everything I am to this country , " he said . The first-term senator from Illinois has been the subject of various debunked rumors since launching his presidential campaign -- allegations that he is a Muslim , that he took his oath of office on a copy of the Quran and that he attended a radical Islamic school while living in Indonesia as a boy . "  You will recall that the reason I came to national attention was a speech in which I spoke of my love of this country , " said Obama . He and his wife , Michelle , had already explained her comments . "  She simply misspoke , " he said . "  What she was referring to was -LSB- that -RSB- this was the first time she has been proud of politics in America . Watch what Michelle Obama said " "  That 's true of a lot of people who have been cynical and disenchanted . And she 's spoken about how she has been cynical about American politics for a very long time , but she 's proud of how people are participating and getting involved in ways that they have n't in a very long time . " About not wearing an American flag lapel pin , Obama said Republicans have no lock on patriotism . "  A party that presided over a war in which our troops did not get the body armor they needed , or were sending troops over who were untrained because of poor planning , or are not fulfilling the veterans ' benefits that these troops need when they come home , or are undermining our Constitution with warrantless wiretaps that are unnecessary ? "  That is a debate I am very happy to have . We 'll see what the American people think is the true definition of patriotism . " Obama did not respond to the question about the Weather Underground , a group whose members bombed the U.S. Capitol and the Pentagon during the 1970s . Last week , the New York Sun reported that as an Illinois state senator in 2001 , Obama accepted a $ 200 contribution from William Ayers , a founder of the group who was not convicted for the bombings and now works as a professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago . But the paper said that , in a statement , a spokesman for the Obama campaign , William Burton , said , "  Sen. Obama strongly condemns the violent actions of the Weathermen group , as he does all acts of violence ... But he was an 8-year-old child when Ayers and the Weathermen were active , and any attempt to connect Obama with events of almost 40 years ago is ridiculous . " Former first lady Sen. Hillary Clinton has said repeatedly that she is a stronger candidate because she has already shown she can withstand conservative attacks . E-mail to a friend	Obama responds to question about attempts to paint him as unpatriotic Obama cited for not wearing American flag lapel pin , among other things Obama : "  There 's always some nonsense going on in general elections " Clinton has said she has shown she can withstand conservative attacks
New York  CNN  -- Seventeen people were arrested in Philadelphia in a multimillion dollar drug bust , with the help of a member of one of the world 's largest drug cartels , the Philadelphia District Attorney 's Office announced Wednesday . The city 's Dangerous Drug Offenders Unit seized almost $ 3 million worth of cocaine in the bust , as well as 16 vehicles and five guns , after a three-month investigation . Authorities said they were tipped off in February by a confidential informant who said garages and auto body shops in the city were "  equipping vehicles with special compartments to traffic drugs . " The vehicles would pick up shipments of cocaine in New York and return them to Philadelphia , authorities said . The District Attorney 's office said the arrests Wednesday are a direct result of a series of arrests in September 2011 by the Dangerous Drug Offenders Unit that involved members of the Sinaloa Cartel , one of the largest drug cartels in the world , operating out of Sinaloa and Juarez , Mexico . Authorities said one of the defendants in those arrests became an informant for the unit and helped lead investigators to a garage , and subsequently other garages and auto body shops , involved in the drug ring . It is unclear if the informant who tipped the police off in February and the Sinaloa Cartel informant are the same person . "  Back in September we announced that we had effectively cut off the head of a dangerous and deadly monster before it ever had a chance of poisoning our streets , " said District Attorney Seth Williams . "  Now thanks to those arrests , not only did we stop the Sinaloa Cartel from becoming a viable operation in Philadelphia , we have also shut down another drug ring that was trying to destroy our city . " The defendants range in age from early 20s to late 40s and include a married couple from Puerto Rico . Charges include criminal conspiracy , possession with the intent to deliver and unlawful use of a communication facility .	Sinaloa drug cartel informer leads to arrests , officials say Drug unit says it has seized almost $ 3 million in cocaine Defendants range in age from early 20s to late 40s , officials say
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A landmark ruling that legalized gay sex between consenting partners in India was challenged Thursday in the country 's high court , lawyers said . Activists protest against the ruling to decriminalize gay sex in New Delhi on Sunday . The supreme court issued a notice to the nonprofit Naz Foundation that had won a lower-court verdict after a seven-year legal fight to decriminalize gay sex . Notices also were issued to the federal government and the New Delhi high court , which ruled last week that consensual sex between partners of the same gender was legal . An astrologer filed a petition challenging the ruling . The petitioner argued that no constitutional right is violated by the Indian penal code 's Section 377 , which had outlawed gay sex , said his lawyer Praveen Agrawal . The petition also cited Indian culture and health as grounds for seeking a stay on last week 's ruling , he said . The supreme court posted the next hearing for July 20 . Last week 's ruling meant the law -- Indian penal code section 377 , which had previously criminalized consensual homosexual acts between adults -- was partly struck down but remains in place as far as forced homosexual acts are concerned . The verdict affects law enforcement all around India because it deals with a law enacted by the federal parliament . India 's Ministry of Home Affairs opposed changes to the law on grounds that decriminalizing homosexual conduct would "  open the floodgates of delinquent behavior . " Watch a report on why discrimination is likely to continue " But Human Rights Watch called the ruling "  a victory for basic rights to privacy , non-discrimination and liberty . " UNAIDS , the joint United Nations program on AIDS , also applauded the ruling , saying it restored dignity and human rights . It was not immediately clear whether the ruling would eventually lead to legalization of gay marriages in the country . "  This , I think , will be the next level of demand from the gay community , " Jaisingh said . Jaisingh said she had fought for legalization of homosexuality for seven years on behalf of the Naz Foundation . The group says its "  primary aim is to improve the sexual health and human rights of marginalized males who have sex with males , their partners and families in South Asia and elsewhere . " Christian , Hindu , Muslim and Sikh leaders had warned that they will oppose moves to decriminalize homosexuality .	Ruling legalizing consensual gay sex in India challenged in country 's high court Ruling partially strikes down law criminalizing consensual homosexual acts Christian , Hindu , Muslim , Sikh leaders oppose decriminalizing homosexuality
CNN  -- The number of shark attacks last year dropped to a four-year low , but they were deadlier , a University of Florida report says . Worldwide , 10 people died in 72 shark attacks last year . That 's higher than the average of 6.3 deaths over the past 10 years , said George Burgess , who conducts research on sharks at the University of Florida . The last time shark attacks were this low was 2009 when there were 67 . Since 2001 , fatal shark attacks have only been higher once -- in 2011 when there were 13 . Shark attack hot spots include Western Australia with six deaths in the past four years and Reunion Island in the southwest Indian Ocean with five deaths in three years . Over the past century , shark attacks have been on the increase as more humans have ventured into the water , according to Burgess . "  When sudden increases in shark attacks occur , usually human factors are involved that promote interactions between sharks and people , " he said . With more people in the ocean , their interactions with sharks have increased . In the United States , there were 47 shark attacks last year , down from a peak of 54 attacks the previous year . Nearly half of those attacks occurred in Florida . The lone U.S. death involved a man fishing from a kayak off the coast of Hawaii . He was dangling his legs in the water when a shark took a bite . "  Sharks have a lot more to fear from us than we do from them , " Burgess said . "  Statistically , shark attacks are extremely rare , especially considering the number of humans that enter the water each year . " Burgess warned that entering the ocean is a "  wilderness experience , " just like hiking in the woods where bears or mountain lions might live . "  One-on-one in the ocean , the shark has the advantage , " he said . "  But , by better understanding where and when it is safe to be in the ocean , we can better avoid those encounters . "	There were 72 unprovoked shark attacks last year More than half , 47 , happened in the United States Globally , 10 people died from shark attacks "  Sharks have a lot more to fear from us than we do from them , " researcher says
CNN  -- Li Na made tennis history Friday -- and another entry in the record books is within her reach . Having become the first Chinese player to reach the semifinals of the season-ending WTA Championships , she can become the first Asian to be ranked as high as third in the world if she beats Petra Kvitova on Saturday . Li is currently fifth but has been as high as fourth -- which has only been matched by Japan 's Kimiko Date-Krumm , back in the 1990s . Victory over Kvitova will put her above Maria Sharapova , who is absent with a shoulder injury , and Agnieszka Radwanska -- who lost all three matches this week . She ensured there would be no repeat of her two previous disappointments in Istanbul as she defeated injury-hit world No. 2 Victoria Azarenka 6-2 6-1 to win her third successive match in the White Group . "  I know this is not the best way to win the match , " Li said , referring to the Belorussian 's fitness problems . "  I saw her a little bit bothered with her back but she kept playing , so it was very tough for me mentally . "  If she were healthy she would have been a very tough opponent today . Unfortunately she was n't healthy . I have to enjoy this moment , but I hope the injury is n't too bad and she can come back soon . " Having beaten the 2011 runner-up , Li will next face that year 's victor after fourth seed Kvitova battled back to seal her last-four place with a 6-7  3-7  6-2 6-3 win over Angelique Kerber . Kvitova finished second in the Red Group behind world No. 1 Serena Williams , who had a rest day after notching up three successive wins in her title defense . The American will face former top-ranked Serbian Jelena Jankovic , whose closing defeat against the already-eliminated Sara Errani of Italy was meaningless following Li 's win . Kvitova revealed that she is reaping the benefits of working with a new fitness coach since the U.S. Open , where she exited in the third round . Since then she won the title in Tokyo and lost to Jankovic in the Beijing semis after beating Li in the previous round . "  We had like 14 days of hard work , so I think that it shows on the court , " the world No. 6 said of her post-New York training regime . "  I felt very confident on the court when I played in Tokyo , which was better , and I played two matches in one day , so I thought that it 's going to be tough but I did quite well . " Azarenka , however , has struggled at the tail end of this season -- which she began so brightly at the top of the rankings before beating Li in January 's Australian Open final to deny the Chinese player a second grand slam title . "  I served really hard , and I do n't know , just really locked my back , " the U.S. Open finalist said , and then explained why she did n't retire hurt . "  I do n't have a tournament next week . The physio told me , ` You 're really locked . There is no real structure damage , but you ca n't fix it that quickly . "  I just wanted to try to do my best for the fans who came and watched our match , for respect for my opponent . It was just about trying to do the most you can out there . "  I think I can learn a lot from these little things to prevent maybe some of the injuries . Some things you can not , but , you know , for the next year I will be ready , much better , I 'm sure about it . "	Li Na to play Petra Kvitova in semifinals of WTA Championships on Saturday Chinese star will become Asia 's highest-ranked player if she beats the Czech Jelena Jankovic will face world No. 1 Serena Williams in other last-four clash Serbian goes through despite losing to already-eliminated Sara Errani
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . He is host of "  No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET on CNN while Campbell Brown is on maternity leave . Roland Martin says Michael Vick has served his sentence and should be allowed back on the field . CNN  -- When Michael Vick completes home confinement in July , he will have served the 23-month prison sentence imposed after he pleaded guilty to federal dogfighting charges . After his release from a Kansas prison Wednesday , he headed to his home in Virginia to serve the final two months under home confinement , because all the beds at halfway houses in the area are taken . But that has n't deterred the Vick haters who are still in an uproar over the heinous details of his dogfighting kennel . Yes , reading the details of the treatment of the dogs , including the killing of some of them , could make anyone sick . Yet what 's the point of sentencing someone to jail , then having them serve their time and be released if we still want to imprison them for the rest of their lives ? Frankly , I 'm sick of Americans who talk all day about "  do the crime , then do the time , " then still want to treat a man like a criminal when he gets out of prison . This does n't just apply to Michael Vick . Look at all the individuals who are sent to prison , get out and then ca n't find a job . Why ? Because they have the Scarlet Letter on their record , which is a big fat "  F " for felon . Do n't think I 'm looking for any sympathy for someone who goes to jail . I firmly believe that you deserve all that you get for breaking the law . But listening to some of these zealots go on and on and on about Vick needing to continue to be punished is ridiculous ! The judge in Vick 's case has imposed a number of restrictions . One of them is that he ca n't ever own a dog again . OK , gotcha . But to say the man should n't be allowed to play in the NFL is D-U-M-B . The crimes of which he was convicted had nothing to do with playing sports . Remember Wall Street star Michael Milken ? When he was sent to jail for securities fraud , he was banned from working on Wall Street again . I get that . He was an insider and allowing him back into the financial game would have been atrocious . I get it when someone is convicted of molesting children that they ca n't live within a certain distance of a school or be left alone around children when released . But there is nothing related to Vick 's crime that says he should not be allowed to play professional football . What is particularly galling is that , right now , you have any number of football players who have beaten people -- including their wives and girlfriends -- served time for drunk driving or committed other crimes , yet they have resumed their careers . The same goes for teachers , radio and television broadcasters , politicians and others . So is this any different because it involved dogs ? Are we to say that the horrible treatment of dogs is vastly different than mistreatment of human beings ? The critics will likely say , "  These men are role models . Kids look up to them . They should have no business on the field . " Yet some of these same kids are living with fathers and mothers who are felons . So are we supposed to remove them from the home as well ? Enough with the public bullying . Vick was sentenced and served his time . And now he 's gotten out . If you want to be angry with him , fine . But please , cut the sanctimonious crap . He deserves to make amends and get on with his life . If you were in his shoes , you would want to do the same . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : By July , Michael Vick will have finished his 23-month sentence He says some argue Vick should n't be allowed to play due to severity of his crime He says the crime is n't connected to his career as a football player Martin : We have to allow people who have served time to work productively
CNN  -- A heavyweight tome of 536-pages "  On China " was described by the New York Times as "  fascinating , shrewd and sometimes perverse " . Now the analysis of Sino-American relations written by Nobel Peace Prize winner Henry Kissinger , has received an altogether different endorsement , appearing alongside titles such as "  The Complete Roman Army " and "  The Gruffalo " in a list of books recommended by the soccer stars of the English Premier League . The eclectic selection forms part of the elite football division 's campaign to encourage children to take up reading . The Premier League Reading Stars campaign sees soccer players set literacy challenges for children using online videos , with footballers also recommending their favorite books . "  I encourage everybody to read as much as possible because knowledge is power and makes you a more rounded person , " said U.S. midfielder Clint Dempsey , Tottenham Hotspur 's representative in the Reading Stars program . "  Not every story will interest you but when you find one that does it can be really fun to get wrapped up in the story . "  Unlike in movies and video games , with reading you get the opportunity to paint your own picture , which gives you power and creative influence over the story . " Each English Premier League star picked one book for children and one for adults . Dempsey , who has 94 caps for the U.S. national team , chose Alice Schertle 's "  Little Blue Truck " as his favorite kid 's book and J.R.R. Tolkien 's magical epic "  The Hobbit " as his adult selection . Sports biographies featured heavily on the list . Manchester City midfielder Scott Sinclair opted for Pele 's autobiography while Arsenal 's German defender Per Mertesacker picked out "  A Life Too Short " -- the story of his former international teammate Robert Enke who committed suicide in 2009 . "  On China " was the choice of Ryan Nelsen , a New Zealander who recently left Queens Park Rangers to become coach of Canadian Major League Soccer team Toronto FC . "  To date Premier League Reading Stars has helped over 44,000 children , " explained Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore . "  The schools we work in are those that have the most to gain from the program ; they have low achievement in literacy and high numbers of children from poorer homes . "  I 'm very proud that we are both partners and sponsors of this effective program . Now we 're having an even wider impact as everyone can watch their football heroes reading online and answer their challenge questions to win rewards . "	The English Premier League releases list of footballers ' favorite books Players ' choices include titles by Henry Kissinger , J.R.R. Tolkien and Dan Brown The list forms part of the Premier League Reading Stars campaign The program aims to encourage kids to take up reading
EW.com  -- Twentieth Century Fox is moving ahead with another Wolverine standalone movie . "  The Wolverine " director James Mangold is in talks with the studio to write a treatment and longtime X-Men producer Lauren Shuler Donner will collaborate again , as Deadline reported . The storyline is being kept under wraps for now , and Hugh Jackman is waiting to see a script before he commits to another go as the shredded mutant . Jackman 's Wolverine will play a major role in next May 's "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " bridging the original X-Men franchise with the younger First Class crew . But that movie also completes his contract to play Wolverine , a role he 's been associated with for more than a decade . He 's not currently obligated to another Wolverine movie and would likely negotiate a healthy raise for a new adventure . "  The Wolverine " was a modest blockbuster in the U.S. this summer , but it earned more than twice as much abroad and grossed more than $ 413 million altogether . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Get ready for another Wolverine standalone movie "  The Wolverine " director James Mangold is in talks "  The Wolverine " was a modest blockbuster in the U.S. this summer
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkey 's long-simmering war with a Kurdish insurgency has escalated over the last year , reaching death tolls unseen in more than a decade , a new report focusing on the conflict says . "  Turkey 's Kurdish conflict is becoming more violent , with more than 700 dead in fourteen months , the highest casualties in thirteen years , " concluded the International Crisis Group , a conflict resolution organization that has extensively researched Turkey 's war with the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK . "  We 're seeing the longest pitched battles between the army and the PKK , we 're seeing a wide-spread campaign of kidnapping , suicide bombings and terrorist attacks by the PKK . They 're very much on the offensive and unfortunately this is matched by much harder line rhetoric on both sides , " added Hugh Pope , the chief author of the International Crisis Group report , in an interview with CNN . 115 Kurdish rebels killed in 14 days Last weekend alone , at least eight Turkish police officers and four soldiers were killed in two separate ambushes in southeastern Turkey . The PKK promptly claimed responsibility for both attacks . The Turkish government , meanwhile , claims to have killed hundreds of PKK fighters in recent months , both in operations in southeastern , predominantly Kurdish-populated Turkey and during air raids against suspected PKK camps in the mountains of northern Iraq . "  Within the last month , in the operations executed throughout the region , about 500 terrorists were eliminated , " Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in a speech Monday . "  We will on the one hand develop Turkey and on the other hand continue to tirelessly struggle against this terrorist organization that has bloody hands . " The escalation of violence and hard-line rhetoric on both sides has jeopardized hopes of bringing an end to a conflict that has bedeviled Turkey for 30 years . It also threatens to destabilize a member of the NATO military alliance that is already grappling with the influx of more than 80,000 refugees fleeing the civil war in neighboring Syria . For decades , the Turkish state discriminated against the Kurds , Turkey 's largest ethnic minority , which now makes up roughly 20 % of the population . The Kurdish language was banned , and Kurds were long referred to as "  mountain Turks . " The PKK , led by one of its founders , Abdullah Ocalan , launched a bloody campaign to carve out an independent homeland for Kurds from Turkey , as well as neighboring Iran , Iraq and Syria , in the 1980s . The conflict killed more than 30,000 people , most of them ethnic Kurds . The war that raged across southeastern Turkey subsided when the PKK declared a unilateral cease-fire for several years after Ocalan was captured in 1999 . In 2005 , Erdogan 's government began secret talks with PKK leaders . His Justice and Development Party , or AKP , also made a number of overtures toward the Kurds , relaxing bans on Kurdish language education , appearing to apologize for past discriminatory policies and launching a state Kurdish-language TV station . "  The AKP government actually did more for the Kurds than anyone up until now , " Pope said . " -LSB- But -RSB- when a wave of massive arrests of legitimate Kurdish politicians began , that 's when I think young people especially lost hope and the PKK 's arguments for the legitimacy of armed struggle became persuasive to them . " Turkish authorities have arrested thousands of Kurdish activists , intellectuals and politicians in the past several years . Many of those targeted are members of the Peace and Democracy Party , or BDP , a legal Kurdish political party that elected 29 members to parliament on independent ballots in 2011 . According to this month 's International Crisis Group report , those arrested "  include elected deputies , mayors  some from major cities and districts  , provincial councilors , party officials and ordinary activists . Many have been accused of membership in a terrorist organization , but not of committing any violent act . " Last week , 44 journalists and media workers from Kurdish news outlets appeared in an Istanbul courthouse on terrorism charges . Many of them have been awaiting trial in prison since their arrest last December . "  This is to silence the opposition , " said Baran Dogan , one of the defense attorneys in the case . "  This is not only about press freedom but also an intervention into a citizen 's right to choose where to get news from . " In fact , in recent weeks , Turkey 's fiery prime minister has publicly urged the Turkish media not to report on the growing number of Turkish casualties in the conflict , drawing criticism from media freedoms groups . "  Erdogan 's most recent televised ` message to all the media ' crosses from reprimanding into directly instructing journalists to stop covering the long-standing conflict between the Turkish Armed Forces and the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party  PKK  . This is unthinkable , " the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists said in a news release this week . One of the major obstacles to the peace process , however , is the position staked out by the leaders of the Kurdish movement in Turkey . Video emerged last month showing several BDP lawmakers embracing and celebrating with armed PKK fighters in the mountains of southeastern Turkey . The scene provided further ammunition for critics who accuse the party of being a public face for the armed rebels . The International Crisis Group report also points out that the BDP has essentially marginalized itself from negotiations with the Turkish government . "  The BDP says ` do n't negotiate with us , negotiate with Abdullah Ocalan in prison , ' " said Pope , the report 's chief author . Members of the party insist they do not have the power to persuade PKK fighters to lay down their weapons . "  We are not an armed group . If we tell them  the PKK  to lay down arms , will they obey ? " Meral Danis Bestas , deputy chairwoman of the BDP , said in a phone interview with CNN . Over the last decade , Turkey succeeded in forging alliances with neighboring Iran , Syria and Iraq to target Kurdish rebels operating in their respective territories . But Turkey 's relations with all three governments have deteriorated sharply over the past several years , and the conflict threatens to spill across borders . This month , Turkish warplanes repeatedly bombed suspected PKK camps in the mountains of northern Iraq . Meanwhile , Turks watched with alarm this summer as members of the Syrian branch of the PKK raised the guerilla movement 's flag over several predominantly Kurdish towns along Syria 's border with Turkey . Should Turkey be afraid of the Syrian Kurds ? This has led to accusations from Ankara that Syria and its ally Iran are providing support to the PKK , charges denied by both Damascus and Tehran . "  If Turkey feels vulnerable to empowered Kurds in Syria , the only way to defend itself is to solve its domestic Kurdish problem , " said Pope , the International Crisis Group report author . The report urged the Turkish government to expand Kurdish language education , redefine Turkey 's broad definition of terrorism and launch a package of measures for reintegration of former Kurdish insurgents . The group also appealed to Kurdish leaders to drop demands for a "  self-defence militia " in Kurdish areas of Turkey . One hope for resolution of the conflict may lie in an effort to rewrite Turkey 's constitution . The document was drafted by a military junta that swept into power in a coup in 1980 . Kurdish lawmakers have joined with Erdogan 's party , as well as two other parties represented in the Turkish parliament , to write a new version of the constitution . But these reform efforts are being overshadowed by deadly , daily attacks in southeastern Turkey . On Tuesday morning , Turkish television showed smoke billowing from a burning bus after a suspected PKK attack on a military convoy in eastern Bingol province . According to Mustafa Hakan Guvencer , the governor of Bingol , the targeted convoy included buses carrying "  200 military personnel returning from their vacations unarmed and dressed in civilian clothes . " The governor said the ambush killed at least 10 soldiers and wounded at least 60 . More : Kurds ' ambitions add explosive element to Syria crisis	NEW : At least 10 Turkish soldiers were killed Tuesday in a suspected PKK attack 12 killed in PKK ambushes last weekend ; Turkey says it 's killed hundreds from PKK recently International Crisis Group says casualties are the highest in 13 years The Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , launched insurgency in the 1980s in response to state bias
