CNN  -- He had a 1966 Volkswagen bus , scraggly beard and a penchant for the arts . She had blonde hair and liked the Grateful Dead . That was all they needed . Craig Rutman poses poolside with the Grateful Dead 's Bob Weir before a 1997 show in Reno , Nevada . "  I knew right away she was not like other girls , other girls , " muses Mark Goldfarb of Woodstock , New York , quoting the Grateful Dead song , "  Scarlet Begonias . " On a fateful day 28 years ago , Goldfarb began a shaggy odyssey of love at a Grateful Dead concert when he literally bumped into his future wife , Diane . Over the years , he has been to more than 125 Grateful Dead concerts . The band literally changed his life . Goldfarb , who now makes moccasins for a living , is excited about the Grateful Dead 's new tour . The surviving members of the band will be reuniting for 19 shows this year . He went to see them during their last organized tour five years ago . "  What was special about the Dead is you had a group of highly talented musicians who were able to get a sense of the audience , " Goldfarb said . "  When the audience was off , the band would be off . There was a lot of back-and-forth energy . " Back in the late '70s and well into the '80s , Goldfarb traveled the West Coast in a Volkswagen van playing music for a belly-dancing troupe at Renaissance festivals . Along the way , he went to Grateful Dead concerts whenever he could . He sent a photo of his now short-haired self to show the "  then and now " contrast . Though he lives now in Woodstock , New York , he missed the two large music festivals in his town . A businessman now , Goldfarb says he feels he 's grown up in a lot of ways . The old bus is gone , but he dreams of getting another . iReport.com : See the before-and-after contrast of this Deadhead "  I was a huge fan , I still love the music , but like I said times change . Interests change , " he says . Readers across the board said the band has stood the test of time because of the personal connection they brought to the music they played . iReport.com : What does the Grateful Dead mean to you ? Indeed , the revival has Craig Rutman of Apex , North Carolina , excited to revisit his past . His brother , a caterer , often provided food for the band and this gave Rutman access to members of the band . He has seen more than 200 shows and been backstage to meet the band . He and his young daughter Laura met bandmember Bob Weir poolside in Reno , Nevada , in 1997 . Rutman said Weir is always cordial and friendly . "  Whether it was backstage or poolside , whenever I saw him , Bobby always took the time with whoever came by to talk , share a joke or sign an autograph , " Rutman said . After the pool-side meeting , the Rutmans attended what would be the toddler 's first show . iReport.com : See photos poolside with Weir and at the concert later that day "  I sat way in the back of a general admission show to keep her from the crowd and the loud music , but we had a wonderful time nonetheless , " Rutman said . Steve Maaske of Omaha , Nebraska , said one of his fondest memories is seeing the band in East Troy , Wisconsin , on the "  Wave the flag " tour . He even plans to make the Chicago , Illinois , and Denver , Colorado , stops on the current schedule . It 's a good year for a new Dead tour , he says . "  We have a new ` just off the shelf ' president in Barack Obama , some clear optimism for the future of this country , and hey , gas prices for that VW bus are lookin ' pretty good about now . " iReport.com : See a picture of a colorful Volkswagen bus at the show Greg Sarafan , 19 , of Suffern , New York , last saw the band at a summertime Obama rally at Pennsylvania State University . He 's hoping to catch them on tour , and says he was amazed to see the diversity of people interested in the band . "  I was sitting next to people that were my father 's age and older . It was an interesting experience , " he said . Sarafan likes to create works of art inspired by the band and has decorated his car with dancing multi-colored bears . He says the music is timeless , and he learned about it from his parents . iReport.com : See a picture of the tie-dyed fruit falling near the tree Like his father many years before him , Sarafan as a young man snuck out of the house to see the Grateful Dead perform . Does Dad know ? "  He does now , " responds Sarafan , who says he was in trouble at first , but things slowly changed between father and son . "  When I reminded -LSB- my father -RSB- that he did sneak away to see the Grateful Dead , he kinda did n't care as much , " he said . Geoff Feusahrens of Monterey , California , also represents the younger generation of Grateful Dead fans . He was born in 1979 and never got to see the band in its heyday , but likes classic rock and the Grateful Dead in particular . "  I like how they are a jam band , " says Feusahrens , who has seen the band perform about eight times . "  You go to their concerts and you hang out . There 's lots of people there and good music and history and I just fell in love with it . " He got married October 11 , 2008 , and decided to have a cake decorated with a Grateful Dead motif . Though the wedding was mostly traditional , he had Deadhead cufflinks and rock-themed tables at the reception . One of the tables had a Dead theme and "  Eyes of the World , " one of the band 's songs , was played . iReport.com : See Feusahrens all gussied up for the occasion He plans to see the last show on the 2009 tour when it stops nearby in Mountain View and previously saw them perform during the 2004 series . The band figures importantly in his life . Feusahrens and Goldfarb , too , have in common precious love affairs joined together by the Grateful Dead . Perhaps the band 's own lyrics from that same song , "  Scarlet Begonias , " say it best . iReport.com : See Goldfarb 's expression of "  grateful " feelings about his wife "  Well , I ai n't always right but I 've never been wrong . Seldom turns out the way it does in a song . "	iReport.com : Grateful Dead tributes shared as band plans new tour in 2009 Mark Goldfarb met his wife at a Dead concert and drove a Volkswagen bus Craig Rutman has seen more than 200 shows and met the band members Steve Maaske says now is the perfect time for a tour after the historic election
CNN  -- Authorities conducting autopsies on a family of four found dead in in their home in eastern Missouri said preliminary autopsy results showed that the family may have died from carbon monoxide inhalation , police said Friday . The four -- a couple in their late 20s , their 4-year-old son and their 3-year-old daughter -- were found dead Thursday afternoon , said police in the city of St. Clair . Police had been summoned to the house after the man 's co-workers became concerned that he had not gone to work for several days , said police Chief Bill Hammack . Inside , officers found the four bodies but no indication of foul play , he said . Family members told police they had last been in contact with the family Tuesday , when he complained that he was feeling sick and nauseated , Hammack said . According the Center for Disease Control , each year , nearly 500 people die in the United States from carbon monoxide poisoning , and as many as 20,000 visit emergency rooms for exposure from poorly maintained heating systems and gas-powered generators . "  Dangers from poorly maintained heating systems are really going to be the number one cause of carbon monoxide poisonings in the United States , " Dr. Paul Garbe said on a CDC online video . "  CDC recommends that all homes have carbon monoxide detectors , " Garbe said . "  I think it 's a great investment . It 's particularly important that you have carbon monoxide detectors near where people sleep at night . The worst location for a carbon monoxide detector is in the box without a battery , " he said .	Police find no indication of foul play The man had told family he was feeling sick , police say Police : Preliminary autopsy indicates they may have died of carbon monoxide inhalation About 500 people a year die of carbon monoxide poisoning in the U.S.
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Senate 's financial rescue plan may have a better chance of passage because it 's padded with pork that may be tasty enough to get reluctant House members to bite . Lawmakers added billions in tax incentives to the bailout bill to help it pass the House . Most of the $ 110 billion in additions , such as a tax credit for research and development and an increase in insurance for bank accounts , would have broad economic impact . The benefits of others , though , may not be so evident to most taxpayers . For example , the proposal includes an excise tax exemption for a very specific type of arrow used by child archers . View details of the incentives " According to Steve Ellis of Taxpayers for Common Sense , a nonpartisan watchdog group , current law places an excise tax of 39 cents on the first sale by the manufacturer , producer or importer of any shaft of a type used to produce certain types of arrows . Watch where 's the pork ? " "  This proposal would exempt from the excise tax any shaft consisting of all natural wood with no laminations or artificial means to enhance the spine of the shaft used in the manufacture of an arrow that measures 5/16 of an inch or less and is unsuited for use with a bow with a peak draw weight of 30 pounds or more , " Ellis wrote . The estimated cost of the proposal is $ 2 million over 10 years , he wrote . Follow the progress of the $ 700 billion bailout plan " Oregon Sens. Ron Wyden , a Democrat , and Gordon Smith , a Republican , were the initial sponsors of the arrow provision . According to Bloomberg News , the earmark provision would be worth $ 200,000 a year to Rose City Archery in Myrtle Point , Oregon . A Wyden aide said the Oregon senator did not ask that the provision be added to bailout package , but that does n't fly with Ellis . "  The bottom line is , this is benefiting a very few manufacturers , and I think most Americans who are either concerned about the bailout package or concerned about the economy are going to be wondering why a provision benefiting wooden arrow manufacturers is catching a ride on the package , " Ellis said . The Taxpayers for Common Sense also reports that the proposal includes such mouthwatering morsels as these : CNN 's Scott J. Anderson , Brian Todd and Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	Senate 's financial rescue plan includes incentives that may attract votes Proposal would exempt a specific kind of arrow from excise tax Filmmakers would get a $ 478 million in incentives to produce movies in U.S.
CNN  -- The bomb and gun rampage that left 77 people dead in Norway last summer could have been avoided , an independent report found Monday . Anders Behring Breivik is on trial in the bombing in central Oslo that left eight people dead , followed by a shooting spree at a youth camp on nearby Utoya Island , where 69 people died . "  The police and security services could and should have done more to avert the crisis , " said Alexandra Bech Gjor , head of the July 22 Commission looking into the attacks . Norway PM : Honor dead by celebrating life Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said after the report was published that he had "  ultimate responsibility for the preparedness in our country , a responsibility I take seriously . " But he said he would not resign . According to authorities , Breivik set off a fertilizer bomb outside the prime minister 's office on July 22 , 2011 , killing eight people . He then took a ferry to Utoya Island , the site of a Labour Party youth camp , where more than 700 young adults were meeting . Authorities say he roamed the island shooting at campers , killing 69 people before members of an elite Norwegian police unit took him into custody . Experts disagree about whether Breivik was sane at the time of the killings , a critical factor in what sentence he will face . Norway prosecutors want mental institution for Breivik He does not deny the killings but says they were necessary to protect Norway from multiculturalism . Police could have reacted faster during the attacks , saving lives , the new report found . "  A more rapid police operation was a realistic possibility . The perpetrator could have been stopped earlier on 22 July , " the investigators concluded . Police operations centers were understaffed , and the availability of helicopters was "  limited , " the report said . Police forces faced immediate criticism after the attack because they had to travel to Utoya Island by boat rather than helicopter . But the failures of "  leadership and communication " were more significant than failures of resources , the commission found . Police information-sharing "  is subject to formidable weaknesses , " and the Police Security Services had not done enough training for a terrorist attack , the commission said . The Oslo bombing itself "  could have been prevented through effective implementation of already adopted security measures , " the report found . Admitted Norway killer asked to stop fist salutes It also suggests that police could have been aware of Breivik before the attacks took place , but said there were "  no grounds for contending that the Police Security Service could and should have averted the attacks . " The report criticizes Norway 's gun controls as "  inadequate , " even though "  Norway is a country with a large number of weapons . " And it suggests a failure to understand that one person operating alone "  could cause so much devastation . " Police are due to respond to the report later Monday . The investigators praised the health and rescue services for their response to the wounded and bereaved , and said government communication with the public was good despite the attack on its headquarters . Norway 's government set up the commission after the attacks , the worst massacre in Norway since World War II . The commission had access to confidential reports , interviewed hundreds of people and got access "  to everything we asked for , " its report says . Norway 's Breivik gives chilling account of gun massacre CNN 's Alex Felton and journalist Olav Mellingsaeter contributed to this report .	NEW : The prime minister says he will not resign over the report Police had not trained for a terror attack , the investigation found No one imagined a sole attacker could cause such devastation , the report says Anders Behring Breivik does not deny killing 77 people in Norway last summer
CNN  -- The news of Lebanese Prime Minister Najib Mikati 's resignation spurred fierce weekend clashes in his hometown , the coastal city of Tripoli . Residents lobbed rockets and fired bullets at one another Saturday , leaving at least three people wounded , state news agency NNA reported . The city is home to both Alawite and Sunni Muslims , and sectarian tensions have worsened in recent months as the civil war in neighboring Syria rages on . The Alawites support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The Sunnis want his ouster . The Lebanese government has remained officially neutral in the conflict -- even as it has firmly , but quietly , supported al-Assad . And Mikati , while a Sunni , led that effort . His departure , therefore , comes at a sensitive time for Lebanon . Analysts say the longer the Syrian conflict rages , the more destabilized Lebanon will become . Deadlock prompts resignation Mikati announced the resignation of his government Friday after he said he could not negotiate a breakthrough on two fronts : -- Preparations for the country 's June parliamentary elections -- Extending the term of the head of Lebanon 's internal security forces . The group to blame in both cases is Hezbollah , a powerful Shiite political party that has links with the al-Assad government and dominates Lebanon 's government . In the case of election preparations , lawmakers have been unable to come to an agreement on an election law . In the second instance , Hezbollah distrusts Maj. Gen. Ashraf Rifi , the security forces head . Rifi , like Mikati , is a Sunni . "  The prime minister can not work in such conditions . He needs to respect the constitution , " his spokesman , Fares Gemayyel , said . Complicated politics Politics in Lebanon is complicated as it constantly struggles to maintain a balance among its religious and ethnic sects . By law , the prime minister must be a Sunni Muslim , the parliamentary speaker a Shiite , and the president a Christian . Mikati became prime minister two years ago , after Hezbollah brought down the previous unity government . Since then , he has maintained a balance between pro- and anti-al-Assad factions . His government , says Middle East expert Chris Phillips , was more interested in keeping Lebanon from getting dragged into the conflict . But in recent months , he has been at odds with Hezbollah . And the latest issues brought the tension to the surface . The Syrian connection The major concern for Lebanon is that Syria 's troubles will reopen the wounds of Lebanon 's 15-year-long civil war , which ended in 1990 . Aside from its southern border with Israel , Lebanon is entirely surrounded by Syria , and was considered part of "  greater Syria " until the end of World War I . It became an independent country in 1943 but has been strongly influenced by Syria both politically and militarily for much of the time since . Syrian troops were deployed in Lebanon between 1976 and 2005 , primarily in the north -- ostensibly at first as peacekeepers to help stop Lebanon 's long civil war -- but maintained a significant presence long after the fighting stopped in 1990 . This all changed in 2005 after former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri was killed by a car bomb in Beirut . Anti-al-Assad elements in Lebanon accused the Syrian government of being behind the attack , and popular protests -- along with international pressure -- forced the Syrian military to withdraw from the country . Since then , Lebanon 's two most prominent political blocs have been sharply divided in their attitude toward Syria : the ruling pro-Syria alliance led by Mikati and a group of anti-Syrian factions led by Saad Hariri , son of the assassinated former prime minister . In addition , thousands of refugees have poured into Lebanon since the conflict in Syria began . Costly uncertainty In this climate , any instability in Lebanese politics can only exacerbate the spillover from the Syrian war . "  Now it is important for dialogue to begin for a salvation government to be established during this difficult period , " Mikati tweeted after submitting his resignation . United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon also called on cooler heads to prevail . "  At this challenging time for the region , the secretary-general calls on all the parties in Lebanon to remain united behind the leadership of President  Michel  Sleiman , " a statement from his office said . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	His departure comes at a sensitive time for Lebanon Mikati says he could n't negotiate a breakthrough on two fronts Lebanon constantly struggles to maintain a balance among its sects
CNN  -- Millions of Americans have been shocked by the devastation caused by the tornadoes in Oklahoma . Having toured the area , it 's impossible to put the scope of the damage in words . Not just homes but entire neighborhoods are gone . Americans also may have been surprised to hear about a disagreement in Washington about delivering disaster aid to victims . The good news is this disagreement does n't exist . No one in Washington is opposing delivering aid to victims . In fact , there is no aid bill for Oklahoma to even debate . The Federal Emergency Management Agency has $ 11.6 billion available in the fund for assistance to victims in all federally declared disasters , and this is likely more than sufficient to help victims in Oklahoma . As the ranking member of the Senate committee that oversees FEMA , I 'm confident Oklahoma will receive the assistance it needs . The bad news is some in the media have persisted in reporting on this nonexistent funding fight -- although it might happen in the future if FEMA runs out of money . My view is that focusing on funding questions now is premature and insensitive . Although I 've never been shy about telling reporters and my constituents where I stand on tough questions , focusing on a fight that is n't happening is crass and irresponsible journalism . Instead of reporting the facts about disaster spending , many news outlets have used the tragedy to talk about "  dilemmas , " "  binds " and "  divisions " among Republicans . At this point , these stories are only figments in the imaginations of a few journalists and editors who are having a difficult time keeping their opinions to themselves . Case in point is Wednesday 's Washington Post story , where I learned about my alleged dilemma on tornado aid . But The Post buried the real news in the 15th paragraph , which reads : "  At this point , all these questions are theoretical . There is no Oklahoma disaster relief bill . There may never be one . ... At the moment , the Federal Emergency Management Agency has a large stockpile of funds to pay for disaster response ; members of Congress estimated it at $ 11.6 billion . " The article goes on to say that most legislators agree that the fund is adequate to handle the Oklahoma disaster , and it quotes Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid as saying "  Right now , we do n't need the money . " In other words , the real news is no Oklahoma disaster relief bill exists and , as Reid says , "  we do n't need the money . " Still , I have no objection to stating unequivocally that if FEMA runs out of money , I will encourage my colleagues to pay for any new assistance for Oklahoma , or anywhere else by reducing lower-priority spending rather than borrowing new money . Let me explain why this principle is important . Under congressional budget rules , if disaster funds are exhausted , Congress can pass an "  emergency supplemental spending " bill that does not count against that year 's budget caps . In other words , Congress can simply borrow new money without setting priorities or making hard choices about where to cut the budget elsewhere . At a time when we 're losing $ 200 billion a year because of waste and duplication , not setting priorities does n't make sense in any circumstance . Why respond to one disaster by creating another one for taxpayers ? Some have suggested it is hypocritical for me to support disaster aid in my state after opposing the Sandy emergency aid bill for the Northeast . But my position has been the same for my entire service in Congress , starting when I pushed for offsets to the Oklahoma City bombing supplemental bill in 1995 . My position has never been to oppose all forms of disaster aid . My position has been to oppose politicians who use disasters to spend money that has nothing to do with helping victims of disasters . The hard truth is both parties have abused the emergency spending process in Congress for many years . For instance , when the Gulf Coast was ravaged by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , many in Washington were appalled by my suggestion that times of tragedy and disaster are precisely the times for politicians to tighten their belts and make hard choices . One of the sacrifices I proposed was to divert funds from a $ 223 million bridge in Alaska -- known as the "  Bridge to Nowhere " -- to a bridge over Lake Pontchartrain in Louisiana that was damaged by Hurricane Katrina . My colleagues fumed : How dare I force such choices ? My response was -- and is : How dare we not force such choices ? The Superstorm Sandy package , unfortunately , is another recent example . I supported a scaled-down $ 25 billion version of disaster aid for Sandy , but I strongly opposed a $ 50 billion package that was an all-you-can-eat buffet for politicians and politically connected contractors . Much of the larger Sandy package had little to do with helping victims of the disaster . More than $ 5 billion was directed to the Army Corps of Engineers -- more than the Corps ' annual budget . Even NASA was in on the game . NASA said its damage from the storm was minimal , but Congress wanted to give it $ 15 million anyway . The most revealing aspect was more than 70 % of the $ 50 billion would not be spent for two years , which meant it was an economic stimulus package , not a disaster aid bill . I do n't believe anyone in the Senate wants or anticipates a Sandy - or Katrina-like fight about emergency spending offsets for Oklahoma . Still , if any politicians in Washington hope to use Oklahoma 's tragedy as vehicle for pork , do n't bother . State Rep. Mark McBride from Moore , Oklahoma , put it best this week on MSNBC : "  We do n't want anything . We do n't want anything extra . We just want to rebuild our city . And whatever they can do for us they can cough up , and whatever they do n't , we ` ll make it up . That ` s the way we roll here . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Tom Coburn .	Sen. Tom Coburn : Despite reports , nobody in Congress is debating Oklahoma disaster aid Coburn : FEMA has $ 11.6 billion for assistance , more than enough to help tornado victims But if FEMA fund runs out , Coburn will stick by policy to deny aid without cuts elsewhere Coburn : I opposed Sandy aid package because it was an "  all-you-can-eat buffet "
CNN  -- A Tennessee man -- accused in a fatal attack at a military recruiting center in Arkansas in June -- wants to plead guilty and claims to have ties to al Qaeda in Yemen in a letter he wrote to the judge presiding over his case . In the handwritten letter dated January 12 , Abdul Hakim Muhammad said he did not want a trial and insisted the shooting was "  justified " under jihad . "  This was a jihadi attack on infidel forces that did n't go as plan , " he wrote . "  Flat out truth . " It was not immediately clear whether the judge , Herbert Wright Jr. , would accept the plea . Muhammad 's lawyer , Claiborne Ferguson , called the letter "  highly inappropriate . " "  If my client had the intention of pleading guilty , it is misguided and misinformed as to Arkansas law , " Ferguson said from Memphis , Tennessee , on Thursday . "  He ca n't plead guilty to a capital crime . " That response is why Muhammad said he decided to bypass his lawyer with a letter to Wright . He wrote that he believed it was "  a lie " that he could not plead guilty . Muhammad , formerly known as Carlos Bledsoe , is charged with killing Pvt. William Long , 23 , and wounding Pvt. Quinton Ezeagwula , 18 . The attack happened on June 1 at a recruiting center in Little Rock , Arkansas . In June , Muhammad pleaded not guilty to one count of capital murder and 16 counts of engaging in a terrorist act . Before pleading not guilty , Muhammad waived his Miranda rights and gave a video statement indicating political and religious motives , authorities said . He "  stated that he was a practicing Muslim ... that he was mad at the U.S. military because of what they had done to Muslims in the past , " Detective Tommy Hudson wrote in a police report at the time . Muhammad told police "  he fired several rounds at the soldiers with the intent of killing them , " according to Hudson 's report . In his letter to the judge , Muhammad claimed he had links to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen , a group that has claimed responsibility for the attempting bombing of a U.S.-bound airliner on Christmas Day . "  My lawyer has no defense , " he wrote . "  I was n't insane or post traumatic nor was I forced to do this act . Which I believe and it is justified according to Islamic laws and the Islamic religion jihad -- to fight those who wage war on Islam and Muslims . " CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	Attorney : Man suspected in 2009 recruiting center shooting writes to judge , pleads guilty In letter , Abdul Hakim Muhammad claims to have ties to al Qaeda in Yemen Muhammad accused of killing soldier , wounding another on June 1 in Little Rock , Arkansas
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- Deposed Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya said he was denied permission to land at Tegucigalpa 's airport Sunday evening after a deadly clash between Zelaya 's supporters and government troops . A plane carrying ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya flies over Tegucigalpa on Sunday . Zelaya told the Venezuela-based news network Telesur that his jet was denied permission to land in Tegucigalpa , where military vehicles were arrayed on the runway . The aircraft was en route to San Salvador , the capital of neighboring El Salvador , after what Zelaya called a "  fruitless " attempt to land . At least one person was killed and eight wounded after security forces opened fire and used tear gas on protesters who ringed Tegucigalpa 's airport , said Hugo Orellana , a Red Cross director in Honduras . Protest leaders put the death toll at three . After being denied permission to land in Honduras , Zelaya 's plane made a stop to refuel in Nicaragua 's capital , Managua . During the stop , he met with Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega -- who is a leftist ally of both Zelaya and Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez -- and told Telesur that his supporters had been trying to remove obstacles from the runway in Tegucigalpa when troops opened fire . "  The people pulled back when fired upon , " he said . In a statement read on national television , the interim government said police opened fire when protesters tried to force their way onto the airport grounds . "  The outcome of police intervention has not been verified , " the statement said , adding , "  The government regrets the consequences of these violent demonstrations . " "  We call on national and international people who participate in these actions to abstain from encouraging disorder and disquiet of our population not to interfere with our country 's development efforts , " the statement said . The provisional government that took power after the Honduran military removed Zelaya from office June 28 has vowed to keep him from coming back from exile . Government officials said Zelaya would be arrested if he returned , but several thousand protesters who ringed the airport said they would protect the ousted president with a human cordon . Watch military block runway " The small jet was transporting Zelaya and United Nations General Assembly President Miguel d'Escoto from Washington . The U.N. General Assembly condemned the coup last week . Zelaya called on the U.N. , the Organization of American States and the United States to take action after his return was thwarted Sunday . "  What are at risk are social reforms started in Latin America , " he told Telesur . "  What we see is a return of the right in Latin America -- a more reactionary right , more prone to killing , more fascist than in the past . They 're regrouping . It 's almost a conspiracy , a plot . " At a news conference earlier Sunday , provisional President Roberto Micheletti said that Zelaya 's return could create unrest in a country that has seen demonstrators for both sides in the streets since the coup . "  I do n't want a single drop of blood to be spilled in Honduras , " Micheletti said . The leftist Zelaya was ousted in a military-led coup the same day he planned to follow through with a referendum that the courts and the congress had ruled illegal and that the military said it would not support . Lawmakers voted to strip Zelaya of his powers and named Micheletti as provisional president . The provisional government maintains that the military action against Zelaya was backed by a court order and that arrest warrants have been issued against him for violating the constitution . Before his jet reached Tegucigalpa 's airspace , Zelaya told Telesur he remained commander-in-chief of the Honduran armed forces and demanded they "  to open up the airport and avoid any problems with the landing . " A delegation supporting Zelaya , including the head of the OAS and Presidents Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner of Argentina , Rafael Correa of Ecuador and Fernando Lugo of Paraguay , was to fly on a separate plane heading to neighboring El Salvador . The OAS voted Saturday to suspend Honduras from the organization after the provisional government failed to respond to a 72-hour deadline to restore Zelaya as president . The United States and the World Bank have suspended some aid from Honduras , and the European Union and other nations have recalled their ambassadors from the country . Watch report on suspension of Honduras " In his remarks Sunday , Micheletti extended a diplomatic branch to Chavez and Ortega . The interim leader said his government was open to "  good faith " talks with the OAS , but reiterated his government was legitimate and would not be moved . "  We are going to remain here until the country becomes calm , " he said . In a conference call with journalists , senior U.S. administration officials -- who insisted on anonymity because of diplomatic sensitivities -- said that if Honduras denied Zelaya entry , he would be expected back in Washington on Monday to continue conversations at the OAS . After 18 years of nearly uninterrupted military rule , Honduras returned to civilian control in 1981 . Since then , the military has not seemed interested in holding power in the nation of more than 7 million people , about 70 percent of whom live in poverty . Military interventions were once common in Latin America , but civilian governments have held sway since the 1980s . Before Sunday , the only other barracks revolt this decade was an unsuccessful 2002 coup attempt against Chavez , when the military displaced him but backed down days later and allowed his reinstatement . CNN 's Karl Penhaul and Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 1 killed in airport clash between troops , Zelaya supporters Deposed President Jose Manuel Zelaya says he 's been denied permission to land Leftist leader ousted in a military coup tried to return to Honduras Zelaya to go to neighboring El Salvador
Washington  CNN  -- Political newcomer Ken Vaughn is betting big on his own run for Congress . The first-time candidate believes so strongly in the need for a new brand of leaders in Washington that , after careful consideration with his wife , he 's cashed in a large chunk of his 401  k  in order to invest $ 100,000 in his campaign . "  It 's not nearly enough to win , but it 's enough to get started , " he said . "  It takes a lot of money to run for office , but that 's what it takes and like any businessman or whatever , you have to do what the job takes . " A traffic engineer by trade , Vaughn is running for a House seat in Virginia 's 11th Congressional District . If he wins the Republican primary set to take place in June , he 'll take on two-term Democrat Gerald Connolly . His campaign 's central issue is the national debt . "  I am terribly concerned about what our congressmen are doing to this country with the debt , and we have to make a change , " he told participants at a Chamber of Commerce breakfast last week in Woodbridge , Virginia , where he was seeking signatures to get on the ballot . "  It 's only a few years before everything is going to collapse just like it did in Greece and unfortunately , we do n't have anyone to bail us out . " While government spending is Vaughn 's chief concern , as a candidate he 'll have to worry about a different kind of spending : his own campaign 's . It 's getting more and more expensive to run for political office . "  The cost of seeking office whether it 's for state legislature or a governorship or a member of the U.S. House or Senate , these costs have been going up for decades , " said Thomas Mann , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution who studies elections and campaign finance issues . "  It 's kind of amusing to look back say to the 1970s , and you 'll find many members of Congress then were spending , oh , $ 75,000 , $ 100,000 , $ 200,000 -- now that would almost be a rounding error . " Long odds In 2010 , the average winning House candidate spent about $ 1.4 million , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . That 's 70 % more than a decade ago . The average price for winning a Senate seat reached nearly $ 10 million in that cycle . The high cost of running for federal office often puts newcomers facing well-known incumbents -- who often have more financial backing from supporters and political parties -- at a substantial disadvantage . "  There 's always an instinct on the part of incumbent members -- incumbent office holders -- to build a war chest even if they may not need to use a penny of it , and as a consequence challengers , those who are trying to break through for the first time , face an increasingly daunting challenge in raising enough money to get themselves known , " Mann said . "  There 's not much room , not much opportunity for ordinary folks of modest income and wealth hoping to break into politics . It 's a costly business . It 's a highly competitive business and they face long odds . " Brig. Gen. John Douglass , a first-time candidate who 's running in Virginia 's 10th Congressional District , is hoping to beat those odds . The former Air Force general and one-time assistant U.S. Navy secretary was an active supporter of Hillary Clinton and later Barack Obama during the 2008 presidential race , and he was recruited by the Democratic party last year to run against Republican Frank Wolf , who 's been in the House of Representatives for more than three decades . "  I think that right now our country desperately needs leadership in the Congress . I think particularly the House is in a stalemate right now , " Douglass said , after a morning spent making fundraising calls from the kitchen of his farm house in Hume , Virginia . "  I think I can add something to the national debate on where our country should be going . I think we are kind of at a tipping point . When I was asked by the party to consider running , I could n't say no . " Douglass has been a long-time advocate of early childhood education , which he says is an economic issue as well as a national security issue , another area where he believes his experience makes him a strong candidate . Unable to finance his campaign himself , Douglass has traveled extensively across his district talking to voters , but he says he spends at least 75 % of his days on the telephone trying to raise money . Working with his small staff , he 's made about 9,000 donor calls since May and has raised some $ 500,000 . He hopes to raise another million for his race . Before running , Douglass had not paid much attention to the fundraising aspect of campaigns . "  I do n't think that 's something that 's on the average American 's radar screen , " he said . "  You hear a lot of it being talked about now because of the presidential election and the enormous amounts of money that have to go into a successful campaign for the presidency and so it is an issue that I think all of us Americans are learning more about . " High hopes Both candidates are trying to keep their costs down this early in the campaign . Vaughn spends about $ 500 a month for rent on his newly opened campaign office , $ 50 a month for telephone service and about $ 5,000 a month on staff , and he 's also been relying on volunteers . Douglass has three staffers and sometimes works out of the county Democratic headquarters to save money . The big expenses will come a few months from now , when much of the money the candidates raise will go to advertising . A Wesleyan Media Project analysis of data provided by Kantar Media/CMAG found that television ads for candidates running for Congress in 2010 racked up nearly 1.6 million airings at an estimated cost of $ 735 million , an amount that represents 61 % increase over 2008 . "  It 's definitely an uphill battle , but we also definitely have a shot , even more than a shot , " Douglass said . Vaughn , who spoke with his pastor and prayed about whether to launch his candidacy , says "  normal people " have to get out and run for office if they 're going to make a difference . For him it comes down to faith . "  Our country needs this , " he said . "  If you look at it from my Christian faith , I look at it as God will provide a way so , you know , it 's daunting , but we 're headed straight forward and we 'll do the work that has to be done . "	In 2010 , the average winning House candidate spent about 70 % more than a decade ago The average price for winning a Senate seat was nearly $ 10 million One first-time candidate says he spends at least 75 % of his days trying to raise money
CNN  -- Growing up in a small Sri Lankan fishing town , cricket changed Sanath Jayasuriya 's life . But his association with the game and humanitarian work has also helped transform the lives of many others . Jayasuriya 's stature and shot-making led to comparisons with India 's Sachin Tendulkar . "  Without cricket I would have a small job in my home town . My mother is happy to say my name , " he told CNN in Hong Kong . His mother 's pride in his success has an extra poignancy as Jayasuriya 's fame in some part helped his mother survive the south Asian tsunami on December 26 , 2004 . She was swept away by the first wave and only by calling out to get attention , saying she was Jayasuriya 's mother , did a rescuer manage to spot her among the debris and destruction and pull her to safety . Thousands of others , including many of Jayasuriya 's friends and neighbors , were not so fortunate , and the impact that the disaster had on Jayasuriya 's hometown of Matara and many other parts of Sri Lanka is still felt today . "  Even now when many people hear the word  tsunami  , they are still scared . When my mother hears it , she still ca n't run , " he said . After nearly 20 years of international cricket , the 39-year-old is now just as happy to put bowling attacks to the sword as well as working as a UN Goodwill Ambassador . "  Coming from Sri Lanka you need to do a lot of charity work and help in anyway you can . People love cricket and they look to cricketers , so as a team Sri Lanka also does a lot for charity . It 's a personal commitment , " he told CNN . On the pitch he has always been just as committed to helping his team . Making his international Test match debut in 1991 , he captained the Sri Lankan team for four years until 2003 and hit memorable centuries against every other Test side , bar the West Indies and New Zealand . He retired from the five-day version of the game in 2007 . However it was in the one day game that the all-rounder has really made his mark . As part of the Sri Lankan team that won the World Cup in 1996 , he played an explosive innings of aggressive shot-making that has been credited with revolutionizing the way in which batsman play the game . In 2005 he became only the fourth batsman to reach 10,000 runs in one-day matches and his current stats stand at 12785 runs from 421 one-day internationals . Having made his name in the 50-over version of the game he 's still involved in cricket 's latest revolution ; the even shorter Twenty20 game that is being touted as the future of popularizing the sport . "  Cricket has changed all over the world . For the public to watch this game we need for it to change . You can now enjoy all that in around 3 hours  with Twenty20  . The Indian Premier League  IPL  is good for cricket and good for cricketers . The one-day game will be phased down . " Throughout his career he 's shown his own resilience adapting to changing circumstances on the cricket pitch as well as off it . Before the 2003 World Cup he took the decision not to sign a contract with the Sri Lankan cricket board , citing the loss of potential earnings it would mean for him and fellow players . Despite not being a confrontational personality , the tension between himself and the Sri Lankan cricket board led to his resignation from the captaincy in 2003 . With no Test cricket to play this year , Jayasuriya found himself omitted from the Sri Lanka squad for 2008 series one-day series against the West Indies . However his fine form while playing in the IPL -- he ended its inaugural season as the third highest run scorer with 514 runs and hitting 31 sixes -- convinced the selectors to pick him for the upcoming one-day series between Sri Lanka , Bangladesh and Zimbabwe . "  Looking back I could never have thought I would have come this far . Buddhism helped me a lot . It says that you should take the middle path and you will never go wrong , " he said . "  But I 've done a lot of hard work and everyone , my family and coaches , have given me support . Without that I would n't have got here . " When he does finally retire you can expect Jayasuriya to keep giving all he can to the game and causes he loves so much .	Sri Lankan cricketer recognized as changing the way one-day cricket is played The first cricketer to be a U.N. Goodwill Ambassador Sri Lanka 's highest run scorer in Test matches and one-day internationals
CNN  -- The college students who showed up with bare midriffs and never contributed to discussions during Faye Rogaski 's communication classes were surprised when they were n't picked for coveted internships and jobs . They would also e-mail the public relations executive without so much as a greeting but with demands such as "  I need a reference , " or "  I need a letter of recommendation . " No "  please , " no "  thank you , " no face-to-face handshakes , introductions or follow-ups after classes . These same students would "  friend " Rogaski on Facebook -- it was a class about branding yourself , after all , so the social networking site genuinely came into play from an academic standpoint . But Rogaski would find her Facebook newsfeed filled up with updates from these young adults posting salacious statements and tagging one another in drunken and/or raunchy photos . Rogaski was taken back by their behavior and wondered whether the students realized she was a potential future boss or colleague . That 's when it clicked for her : Teach basic social skills to children because if they want to get far in life , manners are a requirement , not an option . She started socialsklz :- to help kids learn what they were not being taught at school . Socialsklz :- logo includes a smiley face icon to convey its fun , interactive , hip relevance . Rogaski is quick to point out that these are not fancy manners and etiquette classes . "  It 's not pinkies-up and pearls at high tea , " Rogaski told CNN . She likens it more akin to "  Life Skills 101 . " During a class for children 4 to 7 , they were taught about the importance of eye contact and a firm , but not too tight , handshake . They were also led through basic greetings as well as proper phone etiquette when calling friends . The children practiced with each other in interactive scenarios . After being taught the principles of writing letters , they wrote thank you notes to their parents to highlight the importance of being thoughtful in life . In the coming weeks , they will learn online and text messaging etiquette as well as table manners and much more . Rogaski politely corrected kids on some basic errors , such as when one little girl kept saying "  ax " when she really meant "  ask . " The ` tween group of 8 - to 12-year-olds was slowly but surely being taught to drop their penchant for saying "  um , " incorrect usage of the word "  like " and uttering the dreaded phrase "  ya know . " The kids were issued cards called Frownies when they broke Rogaski 's "  like , um , ya know " rule and cards were counted up at the end of class . One little boy racked up 11 "  um " Frownies . The ` tweens also went on a field trip to Dunkin' Donuts . On the way , one of the boys held the elevator for everyone while another held doors open . Each child ordered his or her own doughnut of choice and had to speak clearly and enunciate . Rogaski also encouraged them to have their selections ready so as not to hold up the line . The teen group , which meets for two hours a week , learns social graces as well as skills needed for college and job interviews . Penny Loretto , a career counselor at Skidmore College , warns the first few minutes of a job interview can mean the difference between getting a job or not . "  Appropriate dress attire , a firm handshake , a relaxed smile and maintaining direct contact are all essential elements of a good interview before the actual process even begins , " says Loretto who previously worked in Human Resources for a large institution . And do n't go to an interview without doing something else important she warns . "  The advice I usually give students and my adult clients is to be sure to practice , practice , practice , " Loretto says . "  Practicing is the only way to become better at interviewing , and it 's something all job candidates must take the time to do . " The socialsklz :- teen students are also taught about e-mail etiquette and about the perils of posting something on a blog that they might regret later . They also learn the do 's and do n'ts of posting material on sites such as Facebook , Twitter and YouTube . Young job seekers have to transition from being a family member , friend or student to a professional in their online communications , warns Jill Ferrall , assistant dean for career development in the School of Business at Quinnipiac University in Connecticut . She says do n't be too casual and write things such as "  Hi FirstName , " "  hey , " "  thx , " "  np . " And do n't send a recruiter a friend request on Facebook . But within 24 hours after an interview with a potential employer , Ferrall says , the job applicant should write a thank you note . Rogaski said the real reward is when parents approach her and tell her that they see their kids using their newly acquired social skills out in the real world . She is also proud when she sees first-hand the confidence that her classes instill in her students .	Social skills are important to form as children to be successful later in life Teachers , career counselors and HR workers cringe at applicants ' unsocial behavior Faye Rogaski started socialsklz :- to teach children better manners
CNN  -- A woman hospitalized after spending time in a sauna-like "  sweatbox " has died , bringing the total fatalities to three , authorities said late Saturday . Retreat participants spent up to two hours inside the sweatbox , the sheriff 's office said . In addition to the deaths , 18 others were injured at the October 8 event at Angel Valley Retreat Center near Sedona , Arizona . The latest victim , Lizabeth Neuman , 49 , was a Minnesota mother of three . She died at the Flagstaff Medical Center , the Yavapai County Sheriff 's Office said . There were up to 65 visitors , ages 30 to 60 , at the resort attending the "  Spiritual Warrior " program by self-help expert James Arthur Ray , according to authorities . Participants spent up to two hours inside the sweatbox , a dome-like structure covered with tarps and blankets , the sheriff 's office said . Hot rocks and water are used to create steam in the enclosed environment . Neuman 's attorney , Lou Diesel , told CNN her family is cooperating with the investigation and once it 's complete , he will "  take all the appropriate actions in response to those responsible for Liz 's death . " Fire and rescue officials received an emergency call from the resort and transported the injured by air and land ambulances to nearby medical facilities , the sheriff 's office said . Two people were pronounced dead shortly after arrival at a local medical center . A homicide investigation into the incident is under way , authorities said . The other retreat participants who were hospitalized have since been released . Ray is widely known for programs that claim to teach individuals how to create wealth from all aspects of their lives -- financially , mentally , physically and spiritually . He has appeared on various national programs , including CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	"  Sweatbox " retreat claims third victim , a Minnesota woman Retreat participants fell ill after spending hours in hot , dome-like structure "  Spiritual Warrior " program was led by self-help guru James Arthur Ray Police are conducting a homicide investigation into "  sweatbox " deaths
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. government shut down at 12:01 a.m. ET Tuesday after lawmakers in the House and the Senate could not agree on a spending bill to fund the government . The two sides bickered and blamed each other for more than a week over Obamacare , the president 's signature health care law . House Republicans insisted the spending bill include anti-Obamacare amendments . Senate Democrats were just as insistent that it did n't . Federal employees who are considered essential will continue working . But employees deemed non-essential -- close to 800,000 -- will be furloughed . Most furloughed federal workers are supposed to be out of their offices within four hours of the start of business Tuesday . President Barack Obama issued a statement early Tuesday to military members and Department of Defense employees about the outcome of the shutdown . "  Those of you in uniform will remain on your normal duty status , " the president said . "  Congress has passed , and I am signing into law , legislation to make sure you get your paychecks on time . And we 'll continue working to address any impact this shutdown has on you and your families . " "  To all our DOD civilians $ " I know the days ahead could mean more uncertainty , including possible furloughs , " the president added . "  And I know this comes on top of the furloughs that many of you already endured this summer . You and your families deserve better than the dysfunction we 're seeing in Congress . ... That 's why I 'll keep working to get Congress to reopen our government and get you back to work as soon as possible . " The final hours The shutdown appeared inevitable Monday night as House Republicans acknowledged they could n't overcome Senate objections to a proposal that includes provisions aimed at derailing Obamacare . They planned to have another vote overnight that would request a conference with the Senate to work out their differences . But the move , which would not have averted a shutdown , was dismissed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . "  We will not go to conference with a gun to our head , " Reid said . Democratic Rep. Chris Van Hollen said the reason there was n't a budget deal is because Republicans refused to negotiate months ago . "  They want to go to conference with 45 minutes left , " Van Hollen said late Monday night . "  That is a recipe for a government shutdown . " Legislative ping pong For the second time Monday , the Senate rejected a House Republican effort to derail Obamacare by linking it to a proposal that would avert the shutdown . The Senate voted to table House amendments that would have delayed the individual mandate in the health care law and eliminated health insurance premium subsidies for members of Congress , their staffs and the president . In the latest volley of legislative ping pong over a short-term spending plan needed to avoid the shutdown , House Republicans were expected to meet to discuss their next steps . Earlier , Senate Democrats had rejected a House proposal by a 54-46 vote , strictly along party lines . Obama made a previously unscheduled statement to reporters on Monday afternoon , blasting the attempts by House Republicans to undermine Obamacare that he said threaten to harm the economy with a shutdown . "  You do n't get to extract a ransom for doing your job , for doing what you 're supposed to be doing anyway , where just because there 's a law there that you do n't like , " the president said . Obama later called Boehner and other party leaders in the House and Senate , the White House said , but a Boehner spokesman indicated there was no breakthrough . Moderate GOP revolt against Boehner ? GOP sources told CNN that moderate House Republicans were trying to galvanize what would amount to a rebellion against Boehner and their tea party colleagues by defeating the latest proposed spending plan with attached anti-Obamacare provisions . However , a procedural vote on the measure passed with only six Republicans voting "  no . " Without congressional approval of new spending legislation , parts of the federal government will begin shutting down when the current fiscal year ends at midnight , forcing agencies to furlough thousands of workers and curtail some services until there is a resolution . "  I feel sad about it . We expect more from our Congress , " said Vick Temple , a worker for the Federal Aviation Administration who said he faced being furloughed in a shutdown . Polls show public opposition to a shutdown , and stocks ended lower Monday on Wall Street due to concerns over the economic impact . The blame game Republican Rep. Renee Ellmers of North Carolina said on CNN 's "  New Day " that her party continues to be deeply concerned about Tuesday 's scheduled opening of Obamacare health insurance exchanges and "  keeping the checkbook out of Barack Obama 's hands and the damage can be done there . " Get up to speed on the showdown Rep. Debbie Wasserman Shultz , D-Florida , appearing alongside Ellmers , characterized the Republican strategy of tying overall government operations to at least a delay in health care changes as "  irrational . " "  It jeopardizes the economy and it makes no sense , " she said . Weeks of hot potato Last week , the Senate voted down a House GOP plan to eliminate funding for Obamacare in a short-term spending plan to keep the government running in the new fiscal year that begins Tuesday . Democrats have pressured Boehner to give up a losing fight over Obamacare forced by tea party conservatives and instead hold a vote on a "  clean " spending plan that includes no provisions seeking to undermine the health care reforms . Wasserman Schultz predicted that such a measure would pass easily with support from all Democrats and more moderate Republicans . Some Republicans expressed frustration Monday with the tactics of their congressional colleagues . Veteran GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona noted that any attempt to repeal Obamacare would fail because of Obama 's veto , which would require a two-thirds majority in the Senate to overcome . "  There 's not 67 votes in the United States Senate , therefore , ergo , we 're not going to repeal Obamacare , " McCain said . "  OK ? That 's it . We may do this for a day . We may do it for a week . We may do it for a month . It 's going to end up the same way . " GOP Rep. Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania told CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash that whichever party was to blame , a shutdown will make everyone look bad . 10 ways the shutdown would affect you Obamacare still a GOP focus Obama and Democrats reject what they call Republican efforts to use the threat of a government shutdown to force negotiations on the president 's signature health care reforms . Noting that the 2010 Affordable Care Act has been upheld by the Supreme Court , they say it is settled law that voters endorsed last year by re-electing Obama over GOP candidate Mitt Romney , who campaigned on repealing it . A new CNN/ORC poll shows that Americans are not happy about the prospect of a shutdown , which is happening because Congress has been unable to pass a budget for the new fiscal year that begins Tuesday . A game of chicken between Dems , GOP According to the poll , 68 % of Americans think shutting down the government for even a few days is a bad idea , while 27 % think it 's a good idea . And it appears most Americans would blame congressional Republicans for a shutdown : Sixty-nine percent said they agreed with the statement that the party 's elected officials were acting like "  spoiled children . " Democrats , however , were n't far behind : Fifty-eight percent of respondents said they too were acting like spoiled kids . A poll later showed public support for Congress at record low levels . Stock traders also seemed solidly against a shutdown . The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by more than 120 points , or nearly 1 percent , and the other two major indexes also closed lower . Among major economic issues that could result from a shutdown : delays in processing FHA housing loan applications -- a potential drag on the housing recovery -- and the potential loss of government spending that 's helping prop up the economy , said Christine Romans , host of CNN 's "  Your Money . " "  You 've got an economy right now that 's very tied to government spending and government contracts , so that could have a ripple effect all across Main Street , " she said on CNN 's "  New Day . " If the government does shut down , it would be the first time it has happened in more than 17 years . That previous shutdown , sparked by a budget battle between Democratic President Bill Clinton and a Republican Congress , lasted for 21 days . CNN Poll : GOP would bear the brunt of shutdown blame While the military will remain on duty , as will many essential public safety , health and welfare operations , many government offices will close . About a quarter of the federal government 's 3.3 million employees -- those frequently referred to as "  nonessential " -- will be told to stay home from work until the shutdown is over . Attorney General Eric Holder and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said essential crime prevention and military services would continue , but some workers would be furloughed . Holder said he would cut his pay by the same amount as the most severely affected Justice Department employees because "  we are all in this together . " Meet the man behind the government shutdown CNN 's Michael Pearson , Holly Yan , Lateef Mungin , Ted Barrett , Lisa Desjardins and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : The House is expected to vote again overnight , including on appointing House negotiators "  We will not go to conference with a gun to our head , " says Sen. Harry Reid Obama says troops will get paid on time , but civilians may get more furloughs Conservatives wanted to undermine Obamacare before its private exchanges take effect Tuesday
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In CNN 's Hong Kong newsroom , right next to my desk , there 's a "  douche jar . " Inspired by the TV series "  New Girl , " the "  douche jar " was placed in our cubicle cluster to prevent general douchebaggery or acts of egregious self-promotion . It works like this -- if you say or do something like a douchebag , you put a fistful of local currency into the jar . In case you 're not familiar with the term , the Urban Dictionary offers up this definition . The douchebag "  has an inflated sense of self-worth , compounded by a lack of social grace and self-awareness . He behaves inappropriately in public , yet is completely ignorant to how pathetic he appears to others . " In the newsroom , the jar is usually low on cash . Most of its contributions are made in jest by a colleague out to channel a self-absorbed jerk . But on Twitter , the "  douche jar " is always full . There are tweets that claim to be BREAKING NEWS , when they are not . There are tweets that overuse #hashtags . And tweets that are whiny and excessively personal . The general douchebaggery across Twitter is so profound it 's prompted one user to launch "  Klouchebag " -- a Klout-like site that generates your douche score . For the uninitiated , Klout uses analytics to determine a user 's influence across social networks . Is Twitter slowing down ? On Klouchebag , The ever - #winning Charlie Sheen registers as "  a bit of a douchebag " with a score of 50 . For the record , I registered a score of 46 or "  quite noisy " on the KB scale . But instead of hanging my head in shame , I 'll blame the medium . Twitter is , after all , is the one-to-many platform where you can sound off on anything . A bit of pride and pretense are bound to spill forth . Well , maybe more than a bit . According to a recent study by researchers at Carnegie Mellon , MIT and Georgia Tech , only around one third of a Twitter feed is actually valued by users . In a survey based on 43,000 responses to find out what people like and loathe about microblog posts , they found that followers described only 36 % of the rated tweets as "  Worth Reading . " They thought 25 % were "  Not Worth Reading " and were neutral about the remainder . As for what works and does n't work on the microblog ? According to the study , "  informative " leads the reasons for liking a tweet . "  Boring " dominates the reasons for disliking -- scoring higher than "  arrogant " and "  mean " combined . So on Twitter , it 's worse to be a bore than a douche . Perhaps that can explain the popularity of faux Twitter accounts that celebrate the self-love and pomposity of certain figures in popular culture . There 's "  Death Star PR , " the official mouthpiece for the Galactic Empire . Sample tweet : "  It 's a beautiful day to Force choke a few idiots . " And "  The Relevant Organs " -- a Twitter feed that satirizes a Chinese communist party official with gems like : "  We 're confused . What part of intrusive policing , rabid anchormen , pandering websites and fenqing douchery is n't soft power genius ? " "  Not Tilda Swinton " had been issuing regular missives to her "  Tildren " on how to achieve the actress 's mysterious aura and oneness with nature with tweeted tales like : "  I once waded the entire length of the Nile . I lost an arm to a hippo , but won it back in a game of Charades . I am stronger for it . " Sadly , the fake Twitter account has been retired to keep the joke from getting stale . It 's a pity . Sometimes , we need a little douchebaggery in our lives to have a laugh at the self-centeredness of others and , thanks to downward comparison , feel better about ourselves . I went back to Klouchebag to see how I stacked up against Donald Trump on Twitter . I outscored him by a solid 32 points . And there 's another 20 bucks in the douche jar .	CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout says there 's no shortage of douchebaggery on Twitter Klouchebag calculates Twitter users ' douche score to see how they rank Recent survey finds only one third of a Twitter feed is actually valued by users
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- The latest eruption of Indonesia 's Mount Merapi volcano , on Friday , killed at least 54 people and severely burned 78 , hospital officials said . Bodies recovered from a village about 16 kilometers  9.9 miles  from the volcano were badly burned , Commissioner Tjiptono of the Yogyakarta police told a local station , TV One . Mount Merapi began its latest eruptions on October 26 . Friday 's victims bring the total to 93 killed . The volcano has not stopped erupting since Thursday , the Volcanology and Geological Disaster Management Office said . An explosion Thursday night could be heard 30 kilometers  18 miles  away , and it continued to spew ash clouds . Earlier , Mount Merapi had belched a steady stream of gas and ash , unleashing a pair of powerful eruptions into the morning sky on Thursday . The hot clouds hovered over central Java , rising up to 2.5 kilometers  1.5 miles  and then drifting to the south toward Kali Gendol , Kali Kuning , Kali Boyong , Kali Krasak and Kali Bedok , according to the Indonesian Volcanology and Geological Disaster Mitigation Disaster Agency . Those affected by the latest eruption lived outside the 15-kilometer  9-mile  evacuation radius that had been established . The danger zone was expanded to 20 kilometers  12 miles  after Friday 's eruption . Residents of a village 12 kilometers  7.5 miles  from the volcano were ordered to move for safety , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho , head of risk disaster reduction . Nearly 75,000 people have been evacuated , according to Indonesia 's National Disaster Management Board . Residents on the volcano have repeatedly evacuated , but then returned to check on their houses and farm animals and fled anew with each fresh eruption . Because of rains , geological officials are warning residents and evacuees not to go to areas within the danger zone or near rivers . Rainfall can convert volcanic ash to lahar , or mudflow . There have been reports of mudflow headed down riverbeds on Merapi 's slopes . The 3,000-meter  9,800-foot  Merapi is famously unpredictable . An eruption killed two people in 2006 and another killed more than 60 villagers in 1994 . About 1,300 people died when Merapi erupted in 1930 . In addition , last week , a 7.7-magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia 's coast , triggering a tsunami and killing at least 449 people . Hundreds more were injured .	NEW : 78 others have been severely burned Mount Merapi started its recent eruptions on October 26 Friday 's victims bring the total to 93 killed The volcano has not stopped erupting since Thursday
CNN  -- A judge in Tampa , Florida , on Monday sentenced Stephanie Ragusa , a former middle school math teacher , to 10 years in prison for having sex with two underage students in 2008 . "  As parents , we place our trust in teachers to provide a safe environment in which our children can learn , " Hillsborough County Circuit Judge Chet Tharpe said in handing down the sentence . "  You violated that trust in the worst imaginable way . " Tharpe also sentenced Ragusa to 15 years of sex offender probation following her prison time . Ragusa , 31 , pleaded guilty in April to three counts of lewd and lascivious battery in a March 2008 case involving a 14-year-old boy , and two counts of having unlawful sex with a minor in an April 2008 case involving a 16-year-old student . Ragusa has been in jail since she was arrested in 2008 leaving one of the victims ' homes . Monday 's sentencing included testimony from the victims ' families , who depicted Ragusa as a sexual predator who caused severe emotional distress for their sons . "  Miss Ragusa maliciously and intently preyed on my son and the other boys , " said the mother of the 14-year-old victim . "  She had access to their charts as far as their emotional behaviors . ... I feel that she was very conniving ... in picking these boys out and preying on them and using that to manipulate them and seduce them . " Prosecutor Rita Peters also played a phone conversation between Ragusa and the younger victim that police recorded with the 14-year-old 's consent . In the tape , Ragusa can be heard urging the teen to keep their encounters secret . "  It 's ... one of those things you have to take to the grave , " Ragusa says on the tape , explaining that sex crimes involving minors have no statute of limitations . In arguing for the maximum sentence , Peters portrayed Ragusa as a "  master manipulator . " "  She is the one that goes in and looks at their weaknesses , " Peters said . "  She knows exactly what she has to do to get into their lives . " In a statement before her sentencing , an emotional Ragusa -- wearing an orange jumpsuit and shackled at her hands and ankles -- expressed remorse for her actions . "  I 'm sincerely sorry for the pain and aggravation I have caused to the victims and their families , " she said . Her attorney , Robert Herce , asked the judge to sentence her to probation with time served , saying she has spent more time behind bars than other people who have faced similar charges . A psychiatrist for the defense also testified that Ragusa has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and borderline personality disorder . But Tharpe issued the maximum sentence and did not hold back in his final statement to Ragusa , calling her a "  danger to the children in our community . " "  You not only have disgraced yourself , your family , but also the teaching profession , " Tharpe said . "  And one thing that I have gleaned out of this sentencing hearing this afternoon is you 're a very selfish person . " He added that he remained unconvinced that Ragusa had accepted responsibility in the case . "  You stopped only because you got caught and put in jail , " Tharpe said . As part of her probation , Ragusa must abide by a mandatory nightly curfew , enroll in an outpatient sex offender treatment program and will not be allowed contact with the victims . She also will not be allowed to live within 1,000 feet of a school , day care , playground , park or any other area where children congregate , nor will she be allowed unsupervised contact with children under age 18 . The defense said after the hearing that it was disappointed with the sentence . "  I was not expecting that harsh of a sentence and I think this case did not warrant that , " Herce said .	Stephanie Ragusa pleaded guilty in April in the case Judge also sentences Ragusa to 15 years sex offender probation Prosecutor paints former math teacher as a "  master manipulator " Ragusa apologizes to victims and their families
CNN  -- The father of a 10-year-old Pennsylvania girl who desperately needs new lungs told CNN on Wednesday night that the family was "  very excited " after a judge 's ruling that could help his daughter get a transplant . Sarah Murnaghan 's father , Fran , said on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that his daughter , who has cystic fibrosis , has declined slightly in the ast two days . "  But we 're very excited with the news today , that she will have the opportunity to be equally judged and have the opportunity to receive lungs , " he said . On Wednesday , the family asked a federal judge to issue a restraining order to block U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius from having the agency that oversees transplants apply a policy that keeps children younger than 12 from being prioritized for available adult lung transplants . The judge granted the injunction and ordered Sebelius to direct the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network to waive the rule in Sarah 's case . The injunction is valid for 10 days . Health and Human Services declined to comment "  on an ongoing legal matter , " said spokesman Tait Sye . But a letter from Sebelius was sent to the organ network Thursday morning , directing them to comply with the judge 's order . "  I understand that ... last night at 10:34 p.m. Eastern time , OPTN created a second candidate record for Miss Murnaghan with a birthdate that makes the system treat her as a 12-year-old , " the letter says . "  I also understand her original record remains active , so she retains her priority for pediatric donors . " Sarah could die within weeks without a transplant , her parents have said . But they do n't expect her to be moved to the top of the list . "  We have never , ever asked that Sarah get special attention or be placed in front of anyone more severe than her , " her father said . "  So if there ... is another adult who is more severe , who has a higher lung allocation score , they will still get their lungs first . " Where someone is placed on the adult lung transplant list depends on several factors : blood type , distance from donor to potential recipient and a lung allocation score . The score is derived from medical factors like test results and the patient 's diagnosis . Sarah 's parents said her score is a 78 . Anything above 60 is considered a high score , according to reports published on the Organ Procurement and Transplantation Network website . Fran Murnaghan said Sarah was not aware of the specifics of her parent 's quest to have the policy changed but was told about the judge 's ruling that will help her . Dying girl 's plight sparks fight over organ transplants "  She is so strong , " he said . "  It 's amazing when you get to speak to her how strong and positive she is . " The Murnaghans had argued that since the number of children 's lungs available through organ donation programs is so small , Sarah -- and other pediatric patients like her -- should be added to the list of people waiting for adult lungs , prioritized by severity of their illnesses . According to the United Network for Organ Sharing , or UNOS , five children received lung transplants in the first three months of the year and 72 were on the waiting list . A spokeswoman for the United Network for Organ Sharing said the group was awaiting clarification from the court on the ruling . Two days ago , the Murnaghans asked Sebelius to change the rules . She has previously told the family that she does n't have the authority to intervene in a particular case , but she also called for the policy review . Any change could take up to two years . Several lawmakers have urged Sebelius to act . Sen. Pat Toomey and Rep. Patrick Meehan , both Pennsylvania Republicans , co-signed a letter to the secretary saying in part , "  You have the ability and authority to intervene to allow for Sarah and other children under the age of 12 to become eligible for adult organs . " Toomey issued a statement Wednesday saying he was happy the judge acted quickly . "  Now Sarah has a chance for a lung transplant , and I plan to keep fighting for her and others who deserve to be eligible , " he said . "  As I 've said all along , Secretary Sebelius should use her authorities to make medical need and suitability , rather than age , be the primary criteria in determining how organ donations are prioritized . " Meehan said he will continue to fight to have the "  arbitrary " policy changed . The Philadelphia girl has been waiting 18 months for another pair of lungs as her ability to breathe has rapidly deteriorated . Adult lungs are far more available than lungs from children , and doctors have said they believe modified adult lungs might save the girl 's life . CNN 's Ross Levitt , Saundra Young , Chris Welch and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	Father says daughter has declined in past two days , but the ruling has them all excited Parents say policy prevents many children under 12 from getting a transplant Doctors say she could be saved with modified adult lungs Sarah , 10 , has cystic fibrosis and may have just weeks to live
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Kenyans observed a minute of silence Thursday to mark the 10 year anniversary of al Qaeda terrorists bombing the U.S. embassy in the capital of Nairobi , killing more than 200 people and wounding 5,000 . Kenyan PM Raila Odinga , second left , at the memorial for victims of the U.S embassy bombing in Nairobi . Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga laid a wreath at the memorial site , at the spot where the embassy building used to stand . A smaller memorial was being held at the new embassy compound , and a separate memorial was happening in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , where another bombing went off nearly simultaneously at the U.S. Embassy and killed 11 people . A decade later , many victims say the U.S. government owes them compensation . The U.S. Congress allocated $ 40 million to rebuild parts of Nairobi and provide "  humanitarian assistance " to victims , but no financial compensation . "  This indeed has been very painful to the victims -- and the survivors , for that matter , " said Douglas Sidialo , who was left blinded by the bombing . Sidialo was driving by the embassy and says the last thing he saw was the truck carrying the bomb turn toward the embassy gates . Watch more about the fallout from the bombings 10 years on " Last weekend Kenyan police said that Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , indicted in the United States for alleged involvement in the bombings , managed to evade police in a raid in Malindi , along Kenya 's coast . The United States calls Mohammed a senior al Qaeda operative in East Africa and believes he was also involved in attacks on an Israeli-owned hotel and airliner in Kenya in 2002 . It has offered a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to the apprehension or conviction of Mohammed , who is on FBI 's Most Wanted .	Kenya , Tanzania mark 10th anniversary of al Qaeda bombing U.S. embassies More than 200 people killed in attacks in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam Many victims say that the U.S. government still owes them compensation Last weekend Kenyan police said key suspect in bombings evaded arrest
CNN  -- Mario Chalmers starred in a 103-84 win for the Miami Heat in Game Two of the 2013 NBA Finals against the San Antonio Spurs , leveling the series . The Heat trailed by one point late in the third quarter but bounced back to seal a franchise-record 66th win of the season at Miami 's American Airlines Arena . Chalmers finished with 19 points , while LeBron James contributed 17 points , eight rebounds , seven assists , three steals and three blocks . San Antonio 's star man Tony Parker scored 13 points , with the Spurs missing the precision displayed during Thurday 's 92-88 victory in Game One . Tuesday 's Game Three sees the series switch to San Antonio 's AT & T Center , where it will stay until Game Six .	Miami Heat beat San Antonio Spurs in Game Two of 2013 NBA Finals Mario Chalmers finishes with 19 points for the Heat LeBron James scores 17 points , with eight rebounds and seven assists Game Three will take place on Tuesday at San Antonio 's AT & T Center
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israeli airstrikes on Gaza continued for a fifth day Wednesday , as the Jewish state 's defense minister mulled a truce proposal to allow humanitarian aid into Gaza . A column of Israeli armored vehicles is deployed in a farmer 's field Tuesday near the Gaza border . The air assault overnight into Wednesday struck the office of Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya and the Hamas Interior Ministry , among other targets , the Israeli Defense Forces told CNN . The airstrikes followed a mission Tuesday that leveled at least three buildings in a Hamas government compound . The Israeli air force also blasted away at a series of tunnels linking Gaza to Egypt through the Rafah crossing . Meanwhile , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak was considering the truce proposal -- originally raised by French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner -- and would bring it to Prime Minister Ehud Olmert for consideration , a Defense Ministry official said Tuesday . However , Israeli Defense Forces denied earlier media reports saying it would advise Olmert to adopt a two-day truce . Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz had reported "  the goal of the temporary calm would be to see if Hamas can abide by the truce and cease firing rockets at Israel . " Kouchner called Olmert Tuesday afternoon about the proposal , French Foreign Ministry sources said . France , which holds the rotating European Union presidency until Thursday , had brought together foreign ministers in Paris to address the situation in Gaza and in southern Israel . French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's office said Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni will meet Sarkozy in Paris on Thursday . The Israeli military says it was targeting only Hamas militants , blaming them for rocket fire into southern Israel . Hamas has vowed to defend Gaza in the face of what it calls continued Israeli aggression . Each side blames the other for violating an Egyptian-brokered cease-fire , which formally expired December 19 but had been weakening for months . Learn more about Gaza 's political history " Meanwhile , U.S. President George W. Bush called Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Salam Fayyad to discuss a "  sustainable cease-fire , " White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe told reporters in Crawford , Texas . And the Middle East quartet -- comprised of the United States , the United Nations , Russia and the European Union -- conferred on a conference call about the situation . However , Gaza is controlled by Hamas -- considered a terrorist group by Israel and the United States . Neither will negotiate with Hamas leadership , which seeks an Islamic fundamentalist Palestinian state . A Hamas spokesman said he did n't consider a temporary truce feasible now . "  There is nowhere to talk about just the 48-hours cease-fire , " Hamas spokesman Osama Hamdan told CNN 's "  Situation Room " on Tuesday . "  We have to talk about an end for this attack , Israeli attacks against the Palestinians and opening all of the borders for the Palestinians to have aid -- either medical aid or another other kind of support -- and then we can talk about the politics . " The United Nations has called for both sides to end the violence , and U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has roundly condemned both sides : Hamas for the rocket fire and Israel for its "  excessive use of force " in retaliating . Despite the rumblings on a potential truce , Olmert warned earlier Tuesday the airstrikes were only the beginning of a wider military operation , telling Peres , "  We are currently at the first stage of the operation , " Israeli government officials said . Of the 375 Palestinians killed , most were Hamas militants , Palestinian medical sources said Tuesday . U.N. officials said at least 60 civilians were among the dead . Watch why the U.N. is frustrated " Among the dead were two girls , ages 4 and 11 , who were killed early Tuesday , as they rode in a donkey-driven cart in Beit Hanoun , sources said . On the Israeli side , three civilians and a soldier have been killed in rocket attacks from Gaza on southern Israel since the campaign began Saturday , military officials and police said . "  They are committed to our destruction , " Former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said of Hamas . "  They 're firing missiles at our civilians . They 're hiding behind their civilians . That 's a double war crime right there . " Palestinian parliament member Mustafa Barghouti , however , has called the raids a "  war on the Palestinian people " and said the incursion is politically motivated . The armed wing of Hamas , the Izzedine al-Qassam Brigades , said it would continue launching rockets into Israel if "  the aggression continues , " a masked spokesman said in televised comments . The spokesman said the group had "  so far " launched 250 rockets into Israel . Israel also has moved tanks to the outskirts of Gaza and called up at least 2,000 army reservists -- sparking fears of a ground incursion into the Palestinian territory . On Tuesday , the Israeli Cabinet approved a Defense request for an additional 2,500 soldiers to be called up if needed . Watch how Israel is sitting on Gaza 's border " The escalating violence in Gaza triggered worldwide demonstrations for both sides . A group of students stormed inside the British embassy in Tehran on Tuesday , the state-run Fars news agency reported . See world leaders ' reactions to Gaza invasion " Protests also took place in the U.S. cities of Miami and New York . Watch pro-Palestinian and pro-Israeli demonstrators in Miami " In the Mediterranean Sea , an Israeli patrol vessel struck a boat carrying medical volunteers and supplies to Gaza early Tuesday as it attempted to intercept the vessel , witnesses and Israeli officials said . Watch CNN 's Karl Penhaul describe the collision " Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor called allegations that the boat was deliberately rammed "  absurd " and countered that the volunteer vessel was trying to outmaneuver the Israeli boat . Israel has allowed dozens of trucks carrying relief supplies into Gaza . Also , the Rafah border crossing to Egypt was opened temporarily Tuesday to allow aid workers and medical supplies into Gaza and to transport injured Palestinians to hospitals in Al Arish , about 19 miles from the border , Egyptian journalist Shahira Amin said . Doctors in Al Arish said they were treating 36 wounded Palestinians , at least six of whom were critically injured and being transferred to a hospital in Cairo , Egypt , for treatment . CNN 's Kevin Flower and Michal Zippori contributed to this report .	NEW : Israeli air force blasts away at tunnels linking Gaza to Egypt NEW : Israeli Defense Forces deny reports it would advise Olmert to adopt truce French Foreign Minister Kouchner calls Olmert about truce plan , ministry sources say Israeli military says it is targeting only Hamas militants
YANGON , Myanmar  CNN  -- Residents in this sprawling river delta city hacked their way through downed trees and trudged through knee-deep swirling brown waters Monday as they tried to pick up the pieces of their lives after a deadly cyclone ravaged the southeast Asian country over the weekend . The powerful storm toppled this tree in Yangon , Myanmar , on Saturday . The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said it has released 200,000 Swiss Francs  about $ 190,000  to help with the aftermath . "  I think one of the biggest needs right now is to stave off disease , " said spokesman Eric Porterfield . "  We will be helping with the distribution of clean drinking water and setting up shelters . " Working with the Myanmar Red Cross agency , the International Red Cross is distributing drinking water , plastic tarps to cover roofs and blankets , among other items . The tropical cyclone , packing winds of up to 150 miles  241 km  per hour , slammed into Myanmar over the weekend , killing as many as 350 people . "  We believe hundreds of people are dead , " said Khin Maung Win with the Democratic Voice of Burma -- a broadcast media group run by opposition expatriates . "  The entire lower Burma is affected . In some areas , entire villages disappeared . " The activist group opposed the military rule in Myanmar , formerly known as Burma . The ruling junta declared a state of emergency in five regions : the city of Yangon , Irrawaddy , Pegu and the states of Karen and Mon. . All flights to Yangon , the former capital , were canceled . Learn more about Myanmar " Cyclone Nargis tore off roofs , uprooted trees and downed power lines . The storm ripped through the sprawling river delta city of Yangon for more than 10 hours -- from Friday night until Saturday noon , said Burma Democratic Concern . Watch the cyclone hammer Yangon " By Sunday , many parts of the city were without electricity . Phone connections were also down in most areas , making it difficult to assess the extent of the damage . "  Most Burmese with whom we 've been in touch report they lost their roofs , although so far everyone we have been able to contact reports that they and their families are safe , " said a Yangon-based diplomat who requested anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media . Earlier Monday , an editor for an independent Myanmar newspaper based in Thailand told CNN that people in the Southeast Asian nation were angry over the response to the disaster by the ruling military junta . "  People are very angry with the slow response coming from the military government , " said Aung Zaw of Irrawaddy news magazine . Zaw said communication was down across large areas of the country . He also said the casualty figures could rise . "  Very few people have access to these areas to estimate damage and how many people have been killed . " Listen to Irrawaddy journalist discuss the situation in Myanmar " Pictures from inside the country showed a cyclone-ravaged region with tin huts crushed under trees . Bicyclists navigated around large branches that littered the deserted roads . A man with his pant legs rolled up waded through knee-deep water and strained to clear massive limbs that were blocking the entrance to a house . "  The cleanup is beginning , but this will take a long time , " the diplomat said . "  The damage around town is intense . " See photos of the destruction " "  Fuel is not easily available . International emergency assistance would be needed within seven days . There is no food for eating , " Win said . Food prices -- already on a dramatic rise -- climbed further . Long lines could be seen at gas stations in Yangon . Many of the stations were operating on generators . At one gas station more than 100 buses lined up to refill . "  International emergency assistance would be needed within seven days , " the diplomat said . The junta has scheduled a May 10 referendum on a new constitution for the country , which came under sharp criticism from many nations for using force to suppress pro-democracy protests last year . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kocha Olarn , Raja Razek and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	NEW : Red Cross approves $ 190,000 in aid for cyclone victims Food , fuel scarce ; emergency assistance needed , sources say Cyclone Nargis hits Myanmar 's former capital of Yangon over weekend State of emergency has been declared in five regions by ruling military junta
Tunisia 's national assembly approved the country 's landmark new constitution -- its first since the ouster of longtime president Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali three years ago . The text was passed with 200 votes , the state news agency TAP reported . Twelve members voted against the measure , and four abstained . Alongside the vote , Prime Minister Mehdi Jomaa appointed a caretaker Cabinet as part of a deal to end a crisis between Tunisia 's Islamist party and its secular opposition until new elections . The approval of the new constitution is one of the last steps to establishing full democracy in the North African country , the cradle of the 2011 Arab Spring uprisings that toppled autocratic leaders in one of the most conservative corners of the world . Its drafting lasted two years and exposed a deep rift between the Islamist Ennahda party and the secular opposition . But after months of political crisis and sporadic violence , Sunday 's milestones contrast sharply with messy transitions in regional neighbors Libya and Egypt -- still caught up in turmoil after ousting their own longtime leaders in 2011 revolts . Celebrating the vote , assembly members made victory signs and sang the national anthem , TAP reported . "  All eyes around the world are fixed on Tunisia 's democratic experience , " assembly chief Mustafa Ben Jaafar was quoted as saying by TAP . Political turmoil The once-banned moderate Islamist Ennahda party won elections in October 2012 -- the first after Ben Ali 's ouster in January 2011 -- and formed an Islamist-led government . But political turmoil has beset the country , which relies heavily on foreign tourists for revenues . Under a deal agreed between Ennahda and the opposition , the ruling party agreed to hand over power once parties had finished writing a new constitution and appointed an electoral commission to oversee new elections . TAP said Jomaa 's new government was made up of 21 ministers and seven secretaries of state . It consists mainly of technocrats Jomaa , an engineer and former minister , was appointed premier in December . Tunisia represents a rare bright spot in a still volatile region following the Arab Spring uprisings . Two years after Moammar Gadhafi was toppled , Libya 's government is weakened by political infighting and fragile security forces , a constitution has yet to be drafted and armed militias do as they please in a country awash with weapons . Egypt 's own elected Islamist president , Mohamed Morsy , was deposed by the army . The country 's interim government has labeled his Muslim Brotherhood organization as a terrorist group . Egyptians this month approved their new constitution as part of a transition plan from army chief Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi after he ousted Morsy in July . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Tunisia 's national assembly approves a landmark constitution It 's the first constitution since longtime leader Ben Ali 's ouster in 2011 The prime minister , a technocrat , also appoints new caretaker government The milestones contrast sharply to messy transitions in Libya , Egypt and Yemen
CNN  -- Brazilian driver Bruno Senna will replace Nick Heidfeld for Renault at this weekend 's Formula One grand prix in Belgium . Senna , the nephew of three-time world champion Ayrton Senna , joined the British-based team as a test driver in July and has yet to race competitively for the marque . German racer Heidfeld has picked up 34 points so far this season and secured a podium finish when he crossed the line in third position at April 's Malaysian Grand Prix . Senna 's last race was the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix in November 2010 , where he placed 19th for HRT . Remembering Senna : King of Monaco The Sao Paulo-born driver competed for Spanish outfit HRT on 18 occasions last season with his best finish of the season a 14th place in South Korea . Heidfeld , formerly of Sauber , was drafted in by Renault at the start of the 2011 season as a replacement for Robert Kubica , after the Pole suffered injuries to his arms and legs in a rally crash in February . After his rookie year with Prost in 2000 , Heidfeld spent three years with Sauber before joining Jordan in 2004 . The 34-year-old spent a season with Williams in 2005 and returned for a second spell with Sauber , who had be taken over by BMW , in 2006 .	Bruno Senna will replace Nick Heidfeld for Renault at the Belgian Grand Prix Bruno is the nephew of late Formula legend Ayrton Senna The Brazilian has not raced since the final grand prix of the 2010 season
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Beth Rutstein rolls up the sleeves of her T-shirt , juggles a stack of fliers and knocks on the door of a stranger 's home . She 's on a mission to save lives . After wiping sweat from her face beneath the sweltering afternoon sun on a recent Thursday , she ascends another set of stairs leading to a front door and knocks . No one answers , but she 's greeted warmly by neighbors sitting in the shade of the covered connecting porch . "  We 're here doing free HIV testing , " she tells them , handing over a flier . "  We decided to come here because 19143 has one of the highest rates of HIV in the entire city . " That 's the ZIP code for southwest Philadelphia , one of many urban neighborhoods across the United States that account for the bulk of the nation 's HIV cases . Rutstein , a second-year medical student , is one of 60 outreach volunteers who spent their summer going door-to-door alongside health care workers testing residents within the 19143 ZIP code . This part of Philadelphia -- like many other urban neighborhoods in the United States -- has an HIV infection rate on par with many sub-Saharan African nations , including Sierra Leone and Ghana , according to UNAIDS . In fact , more Americans are living with HIV infections today than ever before partly because of an increase in testing and treatment options , according to the Centers for Disease Control . About 1.2 million Americans are HIV positive , with a rate of 50,000 new cases each year , according to the CDC . Yet , 20 % of those infected are unaware they are HIV positive . AIDS survivor : Epidemic is n't over yet In Philadelphia , more than 19,000 residents have HIV , with the highest rates among black residents living in low-income neighborhoods with limited access to health care facilities and services . "  About 40 to 50 neighborhoods account for about half of the United States ' infections , " said Amy Nunn , founder of Philadelphia 's Do One Thing , Change Everything Campaign . "  In Philadelphia , a few neighborhoods have very high rates of infection , and those few neighborhoods are driving the overwhelming share of infections . " To change that , Nunn and her team enlisted volunteers to go to those neighborhoods , knock on doors , get people tested and , if HIV positive , get them free treatment . While many volunteers get a "  no thank you , " they have tested more than 160 people since the program started in July . So far , no one has tested positive for HIV . The door to door campaign is not the first HIV outreach in Philadelphia , but it is arguably the most ambitious . The Do One Thing program aims to diagnose as many people as possible , as well as create a prevention model that can be replicated in other U.S. cities . The program also gets its message out through social media , billboards , community and church leaders , as well as local health centers . Part of the problem is combating a lack of awareness about who is at risk for getting HIV . "  A lot of people , even in 2012 , think this is a gay disease , " Nunn said . "  But that 's not the case , especially in Philadelphia . " Opinion : End the HIV stigma Southwest Philadelphia resident Dennis Brown was shocked to learn that his neighborhood has one of the highest HIV/AIDS rates in the city . He agreed to get tested for the virus for free on the spot . Inside the mobile medical RV -- complete with two examination rooms and waiting area -- health worker Danielle Parks swabbed Brown 's cheeks and gums as part of the routine , rapid HIV test . "  This is a preventable disease , " Parks said . "  Blacks carry the burden of genetic diseases from high blood pressure to diabetes . HIV is the one thing you do n't inherit . It 's the one thing we can prevent . " Compared with other races and ethnicities , African-Americans make up a larger proportion of HIV infections at all stages of the disease , according to the CDC . In 2009 , 44 % of all new HIV infections were African-Americans -- most of them men , the CDC found . About 20 minutes after his test , Brown gets the results . "  It says I 'm not positive , " said Brown holding up his HIV/AIDS results card . "  It 's better to know than not to know . It made my heart sink to hear about the rates in southwest Philly . " Nunn said she is confident that her grassroots effort will not only spread awareness about HIV but also provide more access to treatment . "  We 're taking all of our tools and putting them in one of the hottest zones in the city to see ... if we can really make a difference in eradicating racial disparities in HIV infection , " Nunn said . "  One of the biggest problems is that a lot of people do n't think that they 're at risk for HIV , and so what we 're trying to do is get as many people tested as possible so we can link people who test positive to treatment services . " Her grassroots outreach is a key component of the United States ' first HIV/AIDS national strategy , launched in 2010 , which emphasizes providing support in the communities most affected by the disease . This summer , as Nunn 's volunteers hit the streets , the United States hosted its first International AIDS Conference in Washington , something that was only possible because of the removal of a travel ban preventing HIV-positive people from entering the country . Treating HIV has come a long way since it was first discovered in the early 1980s . The virus , which can lead to AIDS , is most often treated with a cocktail of anti-viral drugs that not only reduces the likelihood of AIDS infection but also decreases the chances of transmitting the virus . FDA panel recommends drug to prevent HIV After seeing statistics for HIV infection rates blot out specific neighborhoods in Philadelphia , Nunn decided she wanted to try something different . So she turned to testing models in Kenya that reached people at their homes and in their neighborhoods , reaching people who otherwise might not have been tested . This model helped get people who tested positive into treatment much earlier in the course of their infection -- helping to stop the spread of the virus . Just because the HIV rates are higher in certain parts of the city does n't mean the issue does n't impact the broader community , said Rutstein . "  It 's not just this ZIP code and this census track , " she said . "  The fact that I can jump on a trolley and get here means that I 'm close enough to have to worry about it . " Back in Kingsessing , Eric Brown spotted the RV parked in his neighborhood offering free HIV tests and wandered in on his way home . Brown , a 25-year-old father of two , lost his mother to AIDS a decade ago . While she was n't infected during her pregnancy , the disease hits close to home for Brown . He said he tries to get tested whenever he can . While waiting for the results , Brown answered a series of questions from rapid test volunteer Ladonna Smith . "  I did n't tell people about my mom , I did n't say what she had , " Brown said . "  She was dying slow and then went to hospice . I was there when she died . " "  Are you ready , " Smith asked . "  Yes , " he said matter-of-factly . "  You are negative for HIV , " she said . It 's the answer he expected . With his results card and a few fliers for neighbors , Brown headed home . "  I was really touched by him , " said Smith watching him walk out of view . "  He knew she did n't have to die , but it did n't break him and he 's not bitter . " 30 years of AIDS moments to remember	HIV is prevalent in many low-income neighborhoods in U.S. cities These urban centers have HIV rates on par with sub-Saharan African nations In Philadelphia , volunteers started going door to door offering free testing The program 's founder hopes it will be a model for other cities
CNN  -- Billy Joel is definitely in a New York state of mind . The legendary singer has signed a deal to perform at Madison Square Garden in New York City once a month , the venue announced on Tuesday . Joel will become the first musical artist to have such a franchise at the Garden . "  Since his first show in 1978 , Billy has performed 46 shows at Madison Square Garden , including an unprecedented 12 consecutive sold-out shows that have earned Billy a spot among the Garden greats with a banner raised in his honor , " James L. Dolan , executive chairman of The Madison Square Garden Company said via a press release . "  Today , we take that relationship even further and are extremely honored to have Billy as The Garden 's first music franchise . " "  Performing at Madison Square Garden is a thrilling experience , " Joel said in a statement in the press release . "  I 've played different venues all over the world , but there 's no place like coming home to The Garden . Since my first show in 1978 , I 've always looked forward to the energy of the crowd . I 'm honored to be joining the Madison Square Garden family and look forward to taking the stage of the newly transformed Garden to create many more memorable nights . " The singer will kick off his series of shows starting January 27 , 2014 . MSG had previously announced four Joel concerts -- January 27 , February 3 , March 21 and April 18 -- which are already sold out . A newly announced concert will be held on Joel 's 65th birthday , May 9 . Tickets for the May show will go on sale to the general public on December 7 .	Billy Joel will give concerts at the Garden once a month The deal makes him the first musical franchise at MSG His first show there was in 1978
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Bales of cocaine have been washing up on the beaches of Cornwall . Frank Partridge and the bale of cocaine he found while out beach-combing with his dog . The latest was found on Pentreath beach , on the Lizard Peninsula , Britain 's southernmost point . Frank Partridge , 57 , a semi-retired electrical engineer , regularly takes his dogs beach-combing . On Monday afternoon , at low tide , he found more than the usual driftwood . "  The dogs went up to the parcel first , " said Frank . "  I went up and saw what it was . I 'd heard rumors of a lot of drugs washed up on Cornish beaches . I looked at it and thought I would n't leave it there because , sure as eggs are eggs , by the time I got back it would n't be there . " On February 7 , suitcase-sized packages wrapped in sacking were found on Bude beach , in north Cornwall . The following day , more packages were found at Helston on Cornwall 's southern coast . Police have confirmed the parcels contained a total of 50 kilos of cocaine , with an estimated street value of # 2.5 million  $ 4.96 million  . Another two consignments were recovered last weekend . On Saturday , a parcel was found at Portscatho , a fishing village further along the coast from Pentreath . A fishing boat hauled in a parcel off the Lizard peninsula on Sunday . The results of the forensic analysis are not yet available , but police have said that the bales are similar in appearance to those seized earlier . Frank 's haul attracted attention immediately . "  When I brought it back , I put it outside the cottage . A man came up with a camera . We took some family snaps beside it . "  The police asked me if I could keep this one quiet . Well , it 's impossible in a Cornish village . " Rumors circulating in Pentreath as to the possible origins center around a Liberian container vessel which found herself in thirty foot seas off Cornwall , at the beginning of February . The ship was forced to call for assistance from Falmouth Coastguard , after the Master was seriously injured and her Del Monte deck cargo was swept overboard . "  Some people in the village reckon that the drugs were hidden among the bananas in the containers , " said Frank . Investigating police say there is not yet any idea as to the origins of the drugs . They ask that anyone finding similar packages should not touch them but should call the police as a matter of urgency . E-mail to a friend	Bales of cocaine have been found washed up on beaches in Cornwall , England Local resident Frank Partridge found a parcel out walking his dog Parcels contained 50 kilos of cocaine , an estimated street value of $ 4.96 m People in the region believe it came from a Liberian container vessel
The first woman elected to the White House will answer to many names -- Madam President , ma'am , and , most likely , Mom . That 's something I like to think about on Mother 's Day . Given the demographics and family status of many of the women in politics today , there 's a pretty good chance that the first female who gets to sit behind the historic Resolute Desk in the Oval Office will be a mother of young children . Think that 's crazy ? It 's not and here 's why . The current female up-and-comers entered the world of politics earlier than their predecessors and are , like so many women today , waiting to have or adopt children until their 30s and 40s . As a result , the year 2016 will likely present a perfect storm of timing and circumstances for a president to be sworn in who looks like Geena Davis ' character Mackenzie Allen of the short-lived TV series , "  Commander in Chief . " I do n't have a crystal ball , but I have my fingers crossed that many political mothers who are in the queue , so to speak , have their eyes on more than just keeping the jobs they have now . They 're not waiting until their children are out of the house to make their next political moves . When former Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi was first elected to Congress , she was 47 years old and four of her five children were already out of the house and in college with the fifth one in high school . That was the model for women interested in national political office : Wait to run until the kids were grown . That is , until former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin opened the door to the idea of a young mom who could run for the White House . Even for voters who were n't fans of Palin 's political views , she became the new face of women in the arena -- someone knee deep in the details of child-rearing , as well as policymaking and vote counting -- a vision that resonated because most mothers in America are working mothers juggling their own careers and families . There is a growing list of female contenders whose work-life balance stories will resonate with female voters who are also trying to find the right mix of working hours to support their families and time at home with the kids . One name to remember is Kirsten Gillibrand , a Democratic senator from New York . She is 45 and not only is she firmly ensconced in her political career , she 's also the mother of two sons , ages 9 and 5 . Gillibrand is on at least one short list  if Hillary Clinton keeps her word about not running for president again  of potential Democratic candidates for the White House in 2016 . With the launch of her recent bipartisan Off the Sidelines project to encourage more women to run for office , as well as her online book club , it certainly looks like she 's laying the social media groundwork for something in four years . As for Republican women , they 've got 42-year-old Cathy McMorris Rodgers , a representative from Washington . Do n't know her name ? You 'd probably recognize her face , because she is usually one of the few standing behind Speaker of the House John Boehner at all those news conferences . McMorris is the mother of a 1 1/2 - year-old daughter and a 5-year-old son , and wields plenty of political power and influence as the highest-ranking Republican woman in Congress . She has a major voice in what issues make it to a vote . These are just two of the high-profile political mothers who can just as easily and naturally manage the Washington power game as they can their children 's homework , play dates and soccer schedules . Political women who embrace electoral leadership while parenting young children are becoming much more common . Others include Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , who is also the head of the Democratic National Committee , Republican South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , and GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire . The new generation of political women can bring to office a set of life experiences that will inform national policy issues in a new way . We would be able to have discussions about paid family leave , paid sick time and paid maternity leave and have it viewed through the lens of a commander in chief who would have real-time experience with what it means to leave work to pick up a sick child . There are plenty of moms to choose from for increasing powerful national leadership roles . So many female voters choreograph their own work-life balance dance . A woman who knows that struggle firsthand might just be the kind of candidate who will be elected to the Oval Office .	Joanne Bamberger : On Mother 's Day , think about the idea of a woman in the White House Bamberger : There 's a good chance the first female president will be a mother of young kids She says women who are young moms are more common in the current political generation Bamberger : A woman who struggles with work-life balance firsthand relates better to voters
CNN  -- Defender turned striker Daniel van Buyten scored an 88th minute winner for Bayern Munich to give them a much-needed 2-1 victory over Eintracht Frankfurt to revive their Bundesliga title challenge . The Belgian was pushed up front by coach Louis van Gaal after Italian striker Luca Toni was substituted and he came up trumps with a late header . It made amends for his sending off in the 2-1 Champions League defeat to Bordeaux in midweek . The win also takes the Bavarian giants to fifth place in the German standings with 18 points after 10 games , four points adrift of Bayer Leverkusen , who were held 1-1 by Borussia Dortmund on Friday night . Alexander Meier put the visitors in front on the hour mark at the Allianz Arena , but Dutch ace Arjen Robben , returning to first team action after injury , equalized 10 minutes later after Mario Gomez won an aerial battle to set him up to slot home . Bayern coach van Gaal was relieved to claim the three points after their midweek setback in Europe . "  We created several good chances against opponents who were very defensively minded , " he told reporters . Hoffenheim ended a two-goal losing run with a 3-0 home win over Nuremberg to move up to sixth in the standings , a point behind Bayern . Christian Eichner with a 30-meter blast and prolific striker Vedad Ibisevic scored within four minutes in the first half to put Ralf Rangnick 's side on the way to three points . Argentina 's Franco Zuculini completed the scoring just after the hour mark with a fierce shot . Elsewhere , Mainz thrashed fellow promoted side Freiburg 3-0 with captain Tim Hoogland scoring twice in the second half as they moved up to seventh . A solitary goal by Didier Konan was enough to lead Hannover 96 to victory over Stuttgart , the goal coming after 31 minutes while Borussia Moenchengladbach snapped a five-game losing streak in a goalless draw against Cologne .	Daniel van Buyten rescues Bayern with late winner at Allianz Arena Belgian defender 's goal secures 2-1 home win over Eintracht Frankfurt Hoffenheim up to sixth with 3-0 home win over Nuremberg Ninth round leaders SV Hamburg play on Sunday
Santa Ana , California  CNN  -- A Fullerton police officer pleaded not guilty Wednesday to charges of involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force in the beating death of a mentally ill homeless man who died after a police arrest . Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli was released Wednesday on $ 25,000 bail , according to his attorney and a spokeswoman for the prosecutor . Meanwhile , the arraignment of the officer facing more serious charges , Manuel Anthony Ramos , was continued to September 26 at the request of his attorneys . Ramos was being held Wednesday after Orange County Superior Court Judge Erick L. Larsh set his bail at $ 1 million . Ramos , who is 37 and a 10-year veteran of the Fullerton police , is charged with second degree murder and involuntary manslaughter in the July beating death of Kelly Thomas , who was unarmed . Thomas ' father , Ron , urged the judge not to reduce Ramos ' bail from $ 1 million because of "  the horrible manner in which my son was murdered . " The September 26 court hearing , however , will also review Ramos ' bail . The judge ordered both officers to surrender their guns within 24 hours . He also set a pretrial hearing for Cicinelli on November 4 . The charges were announced Wednesday by the Orange County prosecutor . The actions of Ramos "  were reckless and created a high risk of death and great bodily injury , " District Attorney Tony Rackauckas told reporters . Ramos faces a maximum sentence of 15 years to life if convicted , authorities said . Cicinelli , who is 39 years old and a 12-year Fullerton police veteran , faces a maximum of four years in prison if convicted . Kelly Thomas , a 37-year-old homeless man with schizophrenia , was beaten by police during an altercation and died five days later . The FBI is also investigating civil rights violations in the case . Six Fullerton officers , including Ramos and Cicinelli , were put on paid leave after Thomas ' death . The case drew widespread attention to the police department of Fullerton , located about 25 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles . Since then , two other brutality allegations have been made by men who were allegedly injured by Fullerton police last year , and Officer Kenton Hampton has been placed on paid leave in connection with one of those two complaints , a department spokesman said . Hampton , 41 , is a five-year veteran of the Fullerton police , prosecutors said . The other four officers involved in the Thomas incident -- Hampton , Officer Joseph Wolfe , Sgt. Kevin Craig and Cpl. James Blatney -- were not charged because "  the evidence does not show knowing participation in an unlawful act on the part of these officers , " the prosecutor said in a statement . Thomas suffered brain injuries , facial fractures , rib fractures , and extensive bruising and abrasions , the prosecutor 's office said . The Orange County coroner listed the manner of death as a homicide and the cause of death to be "  anoxic encephalopathy with acute bronchopneumonia , " asphyxia caused by "  mechanical chest compression with blunt cranial-facial injuries during physical altercation with law enforcement , " prosecutors said . The toxicology report showed no illegal drugs or alcohol in Thomas ' system , prosecutors said . "  The cause of death in this case is mechanical compression of the thorax , making it impossible for Kelly Thomas to breathe normal . In other words , with the chest being compressed , Kelly Thomas was unable to inhale , " Rackauckas told reporters . "  Over time his brain was deprived of oxygen . " Ramos , who is accused of setting into motion the events that led to Thomas ' death , made initial contact with Thomas on July 5 after police received a call about a homeless man looking in car windows and pulling on handles of parked cars , Rackauckas said . Cicinelli , who arrived at the scene later , is accused of using excessive force when he allegedly assaulted and beat Thomas , "  acting recklessly , under the color of authority without lawful necessity , " the prosecutor 's office said . Cicinelli is accused of using the front end of his Taser to hit Thomas on the head and face eight times while Thomas was pinned to the ground by other officers and was making no audible sounds , indicating that Thomas was "  down and seriously injured , " the prosecutor 's office said . Ramos made "  a deliberate showing of putting on Latex gloves " in his detention of Thomas , Rackauckas said . Ramos is accused of making two fists with his gloves still on in front of Thomas , the prosecutor said . "  He lifted his fists to Kelly Thomas and he said , ` You see my fist ? Now they 're getting to ready to F you up , ' " Rackauckas told reporters , using "  F " instead of the full profanity . Rackauckas said Ramos ' conduct was unacceptable and "  not protecting and serving " the public . "  Ramos had to know that he was creating a situation where Kelly Thomas feared for his life and was struggling to get away from an armed officer who was going to ` F ' him up , " Rackauckas said . The district attorney said he viewed a bus depot surveillance video of the beating . The video shows 16 minutes passed from the initial contact by police to the start of the beating and alleged unlawful police conduct , the prosecutor said . "  It 's heartrending . It 's hard to watch and listen to . It 's a person saying he 's sorry , calling for his dad and asking for help . He seems to know that it 's over just before it is , " Rackauckas said of the video . "  Officer Ramos had prior contact with Kelly Thomas and he knew Kelly Thomas and who he was . He was a homeless drifter who frequented that area , " Rackauckas said . In all , prosecutors also reviewed video from two cell phones and bus camera videos , statements by 151 witnesses , police reports written by all six officers , the coroner 's report , medical reports , and the batons and Tasers of the officers , Rackauckas said . Asked about the charged officers ' motive , the prosecutor responded : "  That 's a pretty good question . It just appears from watching the video that the officer became increasingly angered with Kelly Thomas as this goes on . " "  Ramos is accused of instructing Thomas to put his legs out straight and place his hands on his knees , but Thomas had difficulty following Ramos ' instructions , " Rackauckas said in his statement . "  Thomas appeared to have cognitive issues . " The physical altercation began at 8:52 p.m. and lasted nine minutes and 40 seconds until Thomas was handcuffed and no longer moving , the prosecutor said . "  Throughout the physical altercation , Thomas struggled , yelled and pleaded , ' I ca n't breathe , ' ` I 'm sorry , dude , ' ` Please , ' ` OK , OK , ' ` Dad , dad , ' and ` Dad , help me . ' Thomas was severely bleeding but the officers did not reduce their level of force . Throughout the struggle , Thomas ' actions were defensive in nature and motivated by pain and fear , " the prosecutor added in a written summary of the incident . Cicinelli is accused of kneeing Thomas twice in the head and using his Taser four times on him , including three times as a "  drive stun , " or direct application on the skin , for about five seconds each , the prosecutor said . The fourth time was a dart deployment , in which two darts connected to wires are ejected and stick to the skin or clothing , for about 12 seconds . "  Thomas screamed and yelled in pain while being Tased , " the prosecutor 's summary said . Cicinelli is accused of using the stun device "  unreasonably and unnecessarily " because Thomas was pinned to the ground by several officers and was vulnerable with his head and face exposed , the prosecutors said . "  The biggest shame about this case is the fact that it could have been avoided , " Rackauckas said in his statement . "  This never had to happen , and it never should have happened . " After announcing the charges during a news conference , Rackauckas held a private meeting with Ron Thomas and his attorney . After that meeting , Ron Thomas told reporters that he was "  very , very happy " with the outcome of the prosecutors ' investigation . "  Tony Rackauckas made it very clear that this murder charge will not be reduced , " Thomas told reporters . "  We came in here expecting the worse and got the best . He 's extremely serious about prosecuting to the fullest extent . " CNN 's Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	A Fullerton police officer pleads not guilty to involuntary manslaughter The charges against him and another officer stem from a homeless man 's July beating The officers were put on paid leave after Kelly Thomas died following an arrest Thomas , 37 , was a homeless man with schizophrenia
CNN  -- English club Arsenal will be without Robin van Persie and Theo Walcott for their Champions League last-16 second leg with Spanish champions Barcelona , but it is "  possible " captain Cesc Fabregas could play . Van Persie injured his knee scoring in Sunday 's League Cup final defeat against Birmingham while Walcott sprained his ankle during the Premier League victory over Stoke City . But Fabregas , who played a key part in Arsenal 's thrilling 2-1 victory over Barcelona during the first leg in London , has an outside chance to make the second leg on March 8 . He limped off after just 14 minutes against Stoke with a hamstring strain but could be fit to face the club he left as a 16-year-old . "  Cesc is looking possible -LSB- for that game -RSB- , " Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told the club 's official website on Tuesday . "  He is making quick and good progress . It is possible . " The news is more bleak on Dutch striker Van Persie , who is facing three weeks on the sidelines , meaning he will definitely be absent for Arsenal 's trip to Spain . Wenger added : "  Unfortunately , we had bad news on the scan and he will be out for the next three weeks for sure . "  It could be longer . The shortest delay we can imagine is three weeks -LSB- so -RSB- he is definitely out for Barcelona . " England winger Walcott will also be absent , with Wenger confirming : "  He is out . We said from the day he got the injury against Stoke you could count three weeks . " The clash with Barcelona has taken on added significance after Arsenal failed to end their six-year trophy drought thanks to a last-minute Carling Cup defeat against Birmingham at Wembley on Sunday . Arsenal are looking to avenge last year 's 6-3 aggregate defeat by Barcelona at the quarterfinal stage of Europe 's premier club competition .	Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas could be fit to face Barcelona in the Champions League Fabregas is currently sidelined with a hamstring injury Robin van Persie and Theo Walcott definitely out of Arsenal 's trip to Spain English club lead 2-1 from the first leg in London with the return leg on March 8
CNN  -- Last year we published a list of quintessential Americana experiences . You can find it here . They were n't necessarily the most patriotic , obvious or agreeable choices . NASCAR , bourbon , state fairs , Vegas , what 's not to love ? Apparently , plenty . There was scandal . There was outrage . There was name calling . Because we 're gluttons for punishment -- or maybe just because we think we actually can please all of the people all of the time -- we 're back for round two . Here 's our Volume II of the most authentically American experiences this country has to offer . 1 . Seaside boardwalks Boardwalks have been enhancing beachside amusement since long before the Drifters ' released their classic "  Under the Boardwalk " in 1964 . The first boardwalk was built in Atlantic City in 1870 , when a railroad conductor was asked to find a way to prevent sand from filling shorefront hotel entryways . The innovation remains America 's favorite wooden path , showing up everywhere from Monopoly , which was inspired by "  America 's Favorite Playground , " to the HBO series "  Boardwalk Empire , " which takes place in Prohibition-era Atlantic City . Of course , you do n't have to travel to Jersey to experience the joy of a lumber-pathed stroll ; there are more than 60 boardwalks split between America 's coasts . Coney Island in Brooklyn , New York , includes roller coasters , carnival attractions , Nathan 's Famous hot dogs and other slices of Americana . Out West , the Venice Boardwalk in California offers bodybuilders , artists , trinket sellers , magicians and boutique shops a place to be seen . 2 . Pueblos and powwows One of the most inspiring American experiences is witnessing the culture of the first Americans come alive in a spectacle of swirling , pulsing color . Every April , approximately 3,000 Native American dancers and singers from roughly 700 tribes come together in Albuquerque , New Mexico , to compete and celebrate their heritage . The teams blend traditional style with modern , innovative techniques , so the result is more than just living history , it 's the evolution of a culture that most Americans think has all but died away . In the same area are many pueblo sites that provide tours of cave dwellings and indigenous architecture . Perhaps the most memorable is Taos Pueblo , 2 1/2 hours northwest of Albuquerque . This village of adobe buildings has been continually occupied by Native Americans for more than a thousand years . Taos Pueblo , 120 Veterans Highway , Taos , New Mexico ; open 8 a.m.-4 :30 p.m. ; closed for about 10 weeks in late winter and early spring ; $ 10 for adults ; 575-758-1028 Gathering of Nations , University of New Mexico Arena , Avenida Cesar Chavez , Albuquerque , New Mexico ; 505-836-2810 3 . Wrigley Field , Chicago Forget national pastime -- to some Americans , baseball is a national religion . Wrigley Field in Chicago , regardless of denomination , is their Vatican . Boston 's Fenway Park has two years on Wrigley  the former was built in 1912  , but Fenway has had more significant updates . Like a giant video display installed in 2000 , and extra seats and luxury boxes that have been added time and time again . By contrast , Wrigley has remained fairly true to its roots . It 's a classic jewel box design -- green seats , open roof , exposed steel , brick , stone -- with ball-swallowing ivy-covered walls . There 's truly no better place to watch a game if you want a direct link to nearly a century of baseball history . If you 're in Chicago during the off-season , no worries . The park provides 90-minute tours year-round . Wrigley Field , 1060 W. Addison St. , Chicago ; tours $ 24 for individuals ; 773-388-8270 4 . College football , anywhere  though Alabama ai n't bad Let 's not kid ourselves . Football is the true national sport of the 21st century . While it does n't get much more American than the Super Bowl , we 'd argue that the most enjoyable , purest way to experience the unique American-branded mixture of militant strategics , refined athleticism , brute force and exploitation of young labor is at a college football game . Best to get there early enough to tailgate . Bonding with strangers , drinking and grilling beforehand is 72.4 % of the experience . Pretty much any stadium will do , but a game experience does n't get much better than at Bryant-Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa , Alabama , home of the reigning national champion Alabama Crimson Tide .  Yes , we know , the barbecue is spicier and the cheerleaders are hotter at your team 's stadium , but we had to draw the line somewhere and "  national champs " earns you the top spot on lists like this . Bryant-Denny Stadium , 920 Paul W. Bryant Dr. , Tuscaloosa , Alabama . 5 . Kentucky Derby There 's one more sporting event we have to include on the list . Sure , other countries have their horse races . But those competitions were n't founded by the grandson of William Clark of the Lewis and Clark expedition . Also , those races do n't have a traditional drink made of bourbon  mint julep  , nor do they encourage everyone to dress like a flamboyant Southern aristocrat . We 're talking bow ties , seersucker , bold pastels and spectacular hats that put British royal wedding attendees to shame . Churchill Downs , 700 Central Ave. , Louisville , Kentucky. ; May 3-4 , 2013 ; single day general admission $ 25-40 ; 502-636-4400 6 . Burning Man The first Woodstock Music & Art Fair in 1969 was one of the most pivotal moments in American cultural history . Five-hundred-thousand people came together to celebrate drugs , weirdness , creativity , individualism , beauty and sticking it to the Man . What 's the direct descendant of Woodstock ? Before you say Bonnaroo , Coachella , Lollapalooza or any other trendy music festival -- each of which is run by the Man -- let us stop you . The world 's largest festival of artistic expression is Burning Man . The weeklong event held every year in the Black Rock Desert of northern Nevada is difficult to describe . As the website puts it , describing Burning Man is "  like trying to explain what a particular color looks like to someone who is blind . " Essentially 50,000 creative spirits gather in one of the most desolate areas in the continental United States to wear bizarre clothes , make art , do drugs , experience a new form of communal living , have a hell of a lot of fun and let their freak flags fly . Burning Man ; August 26-September 2 , 2013 ; 415-863-5263 7 . Soul food It 's difficult to pin down the most American of foods . Almost every candidate has roots in other countries , but , of course , that 's what makes them American . Soul food makes the top of the list because it 's delicious , unapologetically artery-clogging and it brings us face to face with our turbulent past . African-American slaves on Southern plantations were often given scraps and leftovers to eat , and had to make do with whatever vegetables they could grow nearby and with little care , as so much time was spent working . From these restrictions arose some of the finest recipes in American cuisine . There are thousands of spectacular soul food restaurants -- many of the best are in the South -- but Sylvia 's in New York is maybe the most well known . Sylvia 's , 328 Lenox Ave. , New York ; 212-996-0660 8 . Juke joints While we 're in the region , one of America 's great art forms , Blues music , grew up in the juke joints of the South . Jukes arose after emancipation , taking the form of shacks and private houses where African-Americans gathered to listen to and play music , gamble and dance . A few classic juke joints still remain , some along Highway 61 , aka the Blues Highway , which stretches from New Orleans to the town of Wyoming , Minnesota , an American experience in and of itself . Po ' Monkey 's , opened in 1963 outside Merigold , Mississippi , is considered one of the last remaining original jukes . It 's only open Thursdays , and it 's not easy to get to , but the music and crowd make it worth the trip . Po ' Monkey 's ; Po Monkey Road , Merigold , Mississippi ; 662-843-2712 9 . Outdoor Christmas light displays Sure , other countries have Christmas lights  or fairy lights , in the UK  , but no one else takes it quite as seriously as Americans . The lighting of the approximately 80-foot tall Norwood spruce at Rockefeller Center in New York is practically a national event . But the greatest displays of holiday spirit can be seen in more rural areas . Take Magical Night of Lights in Lake Lanier , Georgia , which consists of seven miles and millions of lights , or the six-mile long Oglebay Winter Festival of Lights in Wheeling , West Virginia . Magical Night of Lights , 7000 Lanier Islands Parkway , Buford , Georgia ; 770-945-8787 Winter Festival of Lights , 465 Lodge Dr. , Wheeling , West Virginia ; November 8 , 2013-January 5 , 2014 ; Sunday through Thursday until 10 p.m. and Friday and Saturday until 11 p.m. ; 800-624-6988 10 . Megachurches Americans know how to make praising Jesus memorable . Just look at Gospel music and tent revivals . In modern times you need n't look much further than Gospel brunches  wash away your sins from the night before with spiritual songs and mimosas  and megachurches . Those giant boxes of worship are where thousands of Christians gather not simply to pray and praise , but in many cases to eat , shop and work out . The United States has more than 1,300 of them , and more than 50 draw a weekly attendance between 10,000 and 45,000 . The mega-ist of American megachurches is Lakewood Church in Houston , led by senior pastor Joel Osteen . Every week his message is broadcast to 7 million viewers in more than 100 countries . Lakewood Church ; 3700 Southwest Freeway , Houston ; 713-635-4151	Pueblos and powwows in New Mexico highlight Native American culture Baseball , football and the Derby made the cut -- yes , we love sports What would the country be without soul food ? We tried to resist including Burning Man , but failed
PARIS , France  CNN  -- A major donors conference to raise funds for the Palestinians has gone beyond expectations , with donors pledging $ 7.4 billion to help build a Palestinian state , organizers said Monday . France 's Nicolas Sarkoxy , left , welcomes Tony Blair and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas on Monday . Other delegations at the Paris meeting are offering aid in kind , such as the International Monetary Fund , which said it would provide monitoring of the Palestinians ' promised reforms to reassure donors that their money would be used efficiently . Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad called the pledge of money a "  vote of confidence " in the Palestinians . Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair said the support of donors needed to be repaid in the coming months with steps to create a lasting settlement . "  Over the next few months , we have to show people our capability of making the difference on the ground , " said Blair , who co-hosted the conference in his new role as envoy for the so-called Middle East Quartet of the United Nations , United States , European Union and Russia . The Paris conference focuses on short-term priorities for the Palestinians , and French President Nicolas Sarkozy said those include providing immediate support for the Palestinian people -- particularly those living in Gaza -- and stabilizing the Palestinian economy . Watch CNN 's Jim Bittermann explain the conference 's aims " It follows on the heels of last month 's peace talks in the U.S. in which Israeli and Palestinian leaders vowed to negotiate a final-status agreement by the end of 2008 . French President Nicolas Sarkozy said France would donate $ 300 million , and the United States was expected to pledge more than $ 500 million . Central to the Palestinians ' request for aid is a three-year reform plan that the Palestinians prepared for the conference . The plan , which covers 2008 to 2010 , centers on economic development and government reform . The World Bank praised the plan , calling it a "  promising effort " to link policy-making , planning and budgeting . But in a report released Monday , the World Bank pointed out the reforms would succeed in helping Palestinians only if they were accompanied by both donor aid and Israeli actions . Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni spoke of taking such actions , saying Israel is committed to meeting its responsibilities under the Middle East road map , especially regarding the contentious issue of settlements . Livni said an agreement had been reached with the European Union to provide training for Palestinian police . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas said the Palestinians did n't lack will or determination but resources . He promised donors that Palestinians would work hard to create a modern country in control of its security . "  We are at a historic stage today , and the destiny of our region and peace depends on this , " said Abbas , who requested the conference be held . Abbas earlier had requested $ 5.6 billion in aid over the next three years . Sarkozy repeatedly told the conference he is a "  friend of Israel , " but he urged the Israeli government to withdraw troops from the West Bank , freeze settlements , reopen institutions in East Jerusalem and help the isolated population of Gaza . The World Bank 's report detailed the challenges facing attempts to revive the Palestinian economy , which has become almost totally dependent on foreign aid . The Palestinian Authority is the largest employer for its people , as private-sector jobs dry up . The World Bank said wages for public sector employees account for almost half of the government 's expenditures . With public investment having nearly ceased , the World Bank said , almost all government funds in the past two years have been used to pay salaries and cover operating costs . Staffing also has gone up in the health and education sectors , the World Bank said , leaving little money for pharmaceuticals , medical supplies , teaching and learning materials , and overall maintenance . The World Bank said the reforms would only succeed if they include Gaza , where 40 percent of the Palestinian population lives . Gaza has been subject to a wide-ranging crackdown since Hamas took power in June ; its borders are closed , fuel imports are restricted , and there are strict limits on all imported goods . "  The continued entry of humanitarian goods has mitigated the impact of the closures on Gaza 's population , but has not been sufficient to offset the collapse of the private sector there , " the World Bank report said . Unemployment across the Palestinian territories stands at nearly 23 percent , the World Bank said , but in Gaza , 33 percent of the population is out of a job . It predicted the figures would rise if the restrictions continue . A report Monday from the U.N. Development Program spotlighted the pressures on private Palestinian businesses , especially in Gaza , where it said the private sector "  is on the verge of collapse with no scope for recovery " unless Israeli restrictions are lifted . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report	NEW : Donors pledge $ 7.4 billion to help build a Palestinian state NEW : IMF offers to monitor Palestinians ' promised reforms Palestinian aid conference organizers hail event as a new beginning Tony Blair says donors need to be repaid with steps to create a lasting settlement
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Sixty-four cases of measles have been diagnosed in the United States this year , the most in seven years , according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention . Measles is a respiratory disease whose familiar symptom is red blotches on the skin . In all but one of the cases , the people who contracted measles had not been vaccinated . Some were too young to have gotten the shots , which are administered from 12 to 15 months of age . The CDC released the statistics Thursday to "  serve as a reminder that measles can and still does occur in the U.S. Ongoing measles virus transmission was declared eliminated in the U.S. in 2000 , but the risk of cases and outbreaks from imported disease remains , " the organization said in a news release . Interactive : More about measles " In 54 of this year 's cases the victims imported the measles from other countries , the CDC said . Dr. Anne Schuchat , the director of the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases , said many of the imported cases came from European nations and Israel . Watch more on the measles outbreak " "  Many people have forgot about measles in the United States , " she said Schuchat at a news conference Thursday . "  It is very important for travelers heading off to Europe to make sure their immunizations are up to date . " The cases were reported in nine states , it said , and cases are being treated in Wisconsin , Arizona , Michigan and New York . Measles is a viral disease that can be deadly if not treated . The 64 patients ranged in age from 5 months to 71 years . Fourteen patients were hospitalized but no deaths were reported . E-mail to a friend	CDC : 64 confirmed measles cases in nine states since January 64 patients ranged in age from 5 months to 71 years 63 of the 64 were unvaccinated or had unknown vaccination status Highest number reported for same time period since 2001
CNN  -- "  By blood , I am Albanian . By citizenship , an Indian . By faith , I am a Catholic nun . As to my calling , I belong to the world . " Mother Teresa , pictured in 1997 , lived and worked in Kolkata from 1931 until her death . That 's how Mother Teresa chose to describe herself in life . In death , however , her words will probably do little to settle a diplomatic squabble over her remains . The Albanian government wants to receive her remains before her 100th birthday next year . Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha said his nation plans to open a museum in Mother Teresa 's honor and has planned commemorative events . But more important , Berisha said , Mother Teresa should rest next to her mother and sister , who are buried in a cemetery in the Albanian capital , Tirana . "  She missed them very much all her life , " he said . "  My request is a very human one . "  She told me that she prayed every day for her family and her country . That 's why I think both governments should talk about -LSB- this -RSB- and find a solution , " Berisha said . Then there is Macedonia , the nation where Mother Teresa was born and raised . It , too , may stake a claim on the woman who is well on a path to sainthood . But India , the land where she made her life 's work , has made it clear that Mother Teresa , buried in the heart of Kolkata  formerly known as Calcutta  , will not be leaving her final resting place . "  Mother Teresa was a citizen of India , " said Vishnu Prakash , spokesman for the country 's external affairs ministry . Though she arrived as a foreigner , Mother Teresa came to be cherished in her adopted home . In billboards and booklets , the city of Kolkata proudly claims her as one of its most famous citizens . She was a devout Catholic who transcended religion , inspiring a nation of millions of poor people , mostly Hindus and Muslims . She is buried in the courtyard at the nondescript Missionaries of Charity compound in central Kolkata , a site visited by residents and tourists alike . People stream in from the bustling streets to the serenity of Mother House to pay their respects -- and find strength in her presence . They wander among her order of nuns in their simple blue-bordered white cotton saris . On the second floor is the small and sparse room that belonged to Mother Teresa . "  She has become part and parcel of our national life , " said Father Babu Joseph , spokesman for the Catholic Bishops ' Conference of India . "  She built a strong bond with India , " he said . "  People of all religious groups here rather consider her an inalienable part -LSB- of India -RSB- and therefore we would strongly want the remains to be in India . " Mother Teresa was born as Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu to ethnic Albanian parents in Skopje , Macedonia , on August 26 , 1910 . At 18 , she left home and joined the Sisters of Loreto , arriving in India in 1931 . Moved by staggering poverty and human suffering , she started the Missionaries of Charity , dedicating her life to helping those in need . She became a fixture on the streets of Kolkata , often picking up the sick and hungry , and giving them food , shelter and love . When she accepted her Nobel Peace Prize in 1979 , she asked that the gala dinner be canceled and the money be sent instead to help Kolkata 's destitute . Mother Teresa was 87 when she died in 1997 , the news eclipsed by Princess Diana 's death several days earlier . Pope John Paul II beatified Mother Teresa in 2003 and she could be canonized by her centennial birthday next year -- a saint in the heavens whose resting place on Earth remains a devilish debate .	Mother Teresa lived , worked mostly in Kolkata but was ethnically Albanian Albania wants her body repatriated in time for 100th anniversary of birth in 2010 Mother Teresa currently buried in Missionaries of Charity compound in Kolkata Mother Teresa , who died in 1997 , beatified in 2003 ; could be canonized next year
CNN  -- War and toys : two words rarely associated with one another . But veteran photographer Brian McCarty is bringing the two together in photography and a documentary film to explore what children in the war zone endure every day . With simple toys and drawings , the War-Toys project explores the daily struggles of Palestinian and Israeli children through their own eyes , with the help of local humanitarian organizations . McCarty , who has used toys in art projects in the past , takes the drawings from children 's art therapy and recreates some of those scenes with toys and photographs them . CNN 's Asieh Namdar talked to McCarty about how art therapy is helping kids open up about war , living with fear and day-to-day reality for them . CNN : How did this idea of "  War-Toys " get started ? McCarty : It started 14 years ago at an exhibit in Zagreb , after the Croatian war of independence . I chose to do a study of war toys as cultural artifacts , and as a tool for getting perspective on war . But it was in the abstract form ; it was n't tied into cultural or personal experiences . Over the years I started to see the potential of toys for healing and communication . So War-Toys in a nutshell allows children to articulate their experiences of war , occupation , terrorism through a collaborative process . It 's all based on art therapy and play therapy . I essentially go and interview kids , working with established therapists . You ask them to draw a picture or write a letter , and somehow they express what they 've seen , what they feel , what they 've heard . And from those drawings , I then go and buy local toys , and recreate at the actual locations , what they 've described . CNN Photos : See images from the War-Toys project CNN : What drew you to kids in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict ? McCarty : I chose the Israeli-Palestinian conflict because the region has been in conflict since the dawn of humanity . It is a reflection of the flaws of human nature -- a place where there is a very definite two sides . It 's a place ruled by passions and faith . So far I 've only been to the West Bank and Israel . I 've worked mostly with the Palestinians . Going forward , I want to work with the Israelis . It 's really important to me that the project is completely neutral . I want to show all sides of the conflict , and show the cost of the conflict from the kids , who are just stuck in the middle of this whole mess . CNN : How does art and play therapy work ? McCarty : Art therapy is a way to really have a child be in control and express his or her feelings and emotions from a very safe place . I 've been working with some amazing art therapists . Art therapy bridges so many gaps . Children are smart . They know what 's going on , they know what 's happening -- they have emotions attached to it all . But their language abilities may not be there , so they can never sit there and tell you , "  This is what happened to me , this is what I feel about it . " So as a result , their accounts of war are n't seen or are n't valued . What they draw brings their experience to life , and I try to capture that . Same can be said for play therapy -- it 's even harder to quantify . It 's children in a room playing with toys , and a trained therapist watching how they play with toys , asking questions and getting them to explain what happened . It 's really the only recognized way to deal with children in PTSD  post-traumatic stress disorder  situations , war and that sort of thing . We 'll pick the drawings we can capture in a photograph . CNN : What is your role during therapy sessions ? McCarty : In the therapeutic setting , my role is observer . I rely on humanitarian organizations with ongoing art therapy and play therapy programs . It 's not wise for me to work with the kids directly . In that moment , it would be irresponsible for me to get involved in that way . My biggest fear is to be exploitative , or cause any more harm than these kids have already gone through . It 's a real danger , and I 'm kind of walking a fine line . CNN : What 's been the kids ' reaction so far ? McCarty : Children in the therapeutic process in the art process are generally excited , because they 're drawing -- it 's fun . They rush to grab the pastels and the pieces of paper , and they carve out little spots on the floor , and it 's adorable . But the drawing can also be disturbing . I watched a little girl coloring in pools of blood . It was hard , it took a lot out of me . After I 'd done some of the photographs , I brought them back to the kids and showed them the drawings they had done next to the photographs that I did , and their reaction was wonderful . The kids loved them , they went crazy for them : "  This is exactly what we 're feeling , this is wonderful . " The art , for as painful as it was for me to watch ,  the kids  were expressing themselves , and able to do so freely . I absolutely saw a release when they were doing the art . One asked ... "  Why toys ? " He was offended -- he asked me why I was shooting toys , and not the reality on the ground ? That gave me the chance to conceptually defend the project to a child . And it was a challenge . I was not expecting it . I was able to say this is my method of communication , this is how I get context and boil down what 's happening -- a new way of thinking and seeing . It takes quite a long time for the therapeutic process to really have an effect . But to have someone interested in their perspective , to have someone listening to them and someone who wanted to see what they were drawing , that alone kind of validates humans and makes it better . CNN : What is the most memorable experience so far ? McCarty : The most overwhelming experience was just shooting video at the barrier wall just inside of the West Bank at the Kalandia checkpoint . The day that I picked happened to be a day that there was a giant protest . I 'll never forget a child who drew an account of a shooting by the wall : a little boy being shot in the head . When the boy drew it , you could tell he was really emotional , and he went so far as to cross out the drawing after making it , so I really wanted to do it right . So I went to the wall and set up some toy soldiers , set up a little boy , put down fake blood . Right about then , the protesters showed up en masse , marched on the checkpoint . It was chaos , screaming , running , tear gas . What 's remarkable to me looking back , my own reaction . I did n't acknowledge them , just focused on my own shoot . The project is n't about my experiences of war , it 's about the kids , it 's about articulating what they felt and what they 've seen ; so my experiences are secondary . CNN : Where do you want to see yourself in a few years from now ? McCarty : It 's hard to say exactly where I 'll end up . It depends on funding , of course , but I 've thought about Somalia , thought about Afghanistan , I 've thought about Iraq , I 've thought about Mexico and the drug wars . Really wherever these things are happening and I think that children 's perspectives are either underserved or unseen . That 's the motivation for it . My goal for War Toys is to use locally bought toys , to really go to the markets and the places where the children who live there buy their toys , or in some cases , make their toys . But the idea has been to use the toys to reflect socioeconomic conditions . If it 's a poor neighborhood you 'll have cheaper toys . Those differences to me just add another layer of commentary to the project . CNN : And finally , you 've had success with your photography using toys as subject matter . Why toys ? McCarty : I am definitely still a kid at heart . My house looks like a rich fourth grader lives there . I 'm still a kid . I think through toys . It 's how I view the world , it 's how I interact with the world , it 's how I make sense of the world .	Photographer Brian McCarty has used toys in his art projects for years His latest work is combined with a children 's therapy effort His photographs aim to show the conflict from the kids ' perspectives
CNN  -- A foiled plot to sneak a bomb through airport checkpoints and onto a plane bound for the United States calls attention to gaps in screening measures that are supposed to detect threats airport metal detectors miss . Outside the United States , the controversial body-scanning technology is not widely used , security experts say . But they say it is the best way to detect plastic explosives hidden on people boarding airplanes . "  Since most of these airports are not using body-scanning technology , including for American flights , I would say that this is an opening that was probably intended to be abused by  the bomb-maker  and those who planned the attack , " said Rafi Ron , president of New Age Security Solutions and former head of security of Ben-Gurion International Airport in Israel . The latest nonmetallic bomb to be discovered never made it to an airport and posed no real threat to air travelers . It is similar to , but more sophisticated than , the device discovered in a failed attempt to bring down a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day in 2009 . New sophistication seen in bomb plot , lawmaker says That attempt hastened deployment in the U.S. of advanced imaging technology , or body scanning , at airport security checkpoints across the country . There are about 700 machines in more than 180 airports nationwide . Pat-downs are used when passengers decline body screening or when a scan reveals a need for additional screening . "  It 's not a perfect technology , and there are several ways that it can be bypassed , " Ron said . "  But at the same time , it is the best technology that we have available at this time . " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said there is a "  high likelihood " the latest bomb would have been detected if attempts had been made to slip it past U.S. airport security . Use of advanced imaging technology abroad is "  woefully inadequate , " said Chad Sweet , a former CIA and Department of Homeland Security official and co-founder of the Chertoff Group , a security firm that has worked with clients that manufacture advanced imaging devices . "  In order to be optimally effective , we ca n't have gaping holes that terrorists can exploit , " Sweet said . In addition to the 700 scanners employed by the U.S. , Canada has about 50 , Australia is planning to install machines in July , and the technology is in use at Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport and in the United Kingdom , according to Airports Council International . The council said there is no central repository tracking the use of the technology worldwide . A spokesman for the International Air Transport Association also was unaware of exact figures and locations of the machines but said it is not a common screening method outside the U.S. "  We 're not suggesting that  advanced imaging  is the magic bullet . It 's one of many layers of technology , processes and people needed for a multilayered defense , " Sweet said . He said the U.S. should step up deployment of the technology and increase the use of behavioral detection officers and bomb-detecting dogs in airports as well as employ additional analysis of passenger data before travelers even arrive at the airport . Carrying on with that layered , risk-based approach to security is exactly what the Department of Homeland Security is doing in response to the latest threat , the agency said . "  These layers include threat and vulnerability analysis , prescreening and screening of passengers , using the best available technology , random searches at airports , federal air marshal coverage and additional security measures both seen and unseen , " the agency said in a statement . The use of intelligence to head off threats before they reach the critical airport screening stage "  has been proven very successful in this instance , " Ron said . "  On that level , I think we have already established a good foothold . " Rep. Mike Rogers , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , said it is too soon to say whether the latest plot will lead to more stringent security measures . "  I 'm not sure we 're there yet , " he said . "  Preliminarily , many believe that you wo n't have to have anything different than we have right now . The systems in place would have detected this . That 's the good news . The bad news is a lot of people do n't like the systems in place at the TSA . " And those systems have been widely criticized by privacy advocates in the U.S. and abroad . In Europe , privacy concerns have long delayed implementation of body scanning technology . International airports with direct flights to the U.S. are required to meet International Civil Aviation Organization security standards and some TSA requirements , but the use of advanced imaging machines is at the discretion of each country . Even in the unlikely event of global adoption of body scanning , the technology has its limitations . The machines are not designed to detect explosive devices concealed inside the human body , and the Department of Homeland Security has identified some "  vulnerabilities " in the screening process , according to a summary of classified advanced imaging testing published in November . The office made eight recommendations that the TSA agreed to as a result of the testing . Details of those recommendations are classified . In March 2010 , the Government Accountability Office said that "  while officials said  advanced imaging technologies  performed as well as physical pat downs in operational tests , it remains unclear whether the AIT would have detected the weapon used in the December 2009 incident based on the preliminary information GAO has received , " noting that the results of the TSA 's testing are classified . No magic bullet , indeed . What remains clear is the need for a security strategy that evolves quickly , officials say . "  Every time we think we have them , they come up with something new , " said Homeland Security Committee Chairman Rep. Peter King , R-New York .	Body-scanning technology to detect threats not widely used abroad "  We ca n't have gaping holes that terrorists can exploit , " security expert said Homeland Security Department taking layered , risk-based approach
Moscow  CNN  -- Russians and Americans have been duking it out in the Twitter world over who 's scoring more points in high-stakes diplomatic wrangling over Syria , U.S. President Barack Obama or Russian President Vladimir Putin . Samantha Power , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , tweeted Thursday : "  Three days ago there seemed no diplomatic way to hold Assad accountable . Threat of U.S. action finally brought Russia to the table . " In her tweet , Margarita Simonyan , head of Russia 's English-language television network RT , quipped : "  If the Russian proposal on Syria works , Obama , as an honest man , has to give his Nobel Prize to Putin . " Taking Syria 's chemical weapons out of government control and preventing another horrendous attack on civilians is too serious an issue to reduce to political one-upmanship . But after Putin 's bombshell opinion piece in the New York Times in which , among other things , he takes America to task for an "  alarming " pattern of intervening in the internal conflicts of foreign countries , it 's obvious something has shifted . "  It absolutely is a diplomatic win by Putin right now , " said Fiona Hill , expert on Putin and director of the Center on the United States and Europe at the Brookings Institution . "  If we think about this as judo , which is of course Mr. Putin 's favorite sport , this is just one set of moves , " she said . "  And right now , he 's managed to get Obama off the mat , at least , and get the terms set down that play to his advantage . " Putin 's comments cause a fuss Putin stopped Obama 's drive for military action against Syria in its tracks this week as Russia 's plan to put Syria 's chemical weapons under international control pushes the action to the United Nations , just where Putin wants it . Russia has veto power in the U.N. Security Council , and as Hill noted , it 's an "  arena that they 're really very skilled at , which is usually blocking other people from getting resolutions or moving forward . " Putin 's op-ed is not going down lightly in Washington . Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez said the piece made him almost want to throw up . "  Mr. Putin 's personality has been widely demonized in the Western world , so anything that comes from Mr. Putin will be met not only with skepticism but a lot of people will reject just out of hand anything that Mr. Putin will say , " said Dmitri Trenin , director of the Carnegie Moscow Center . "  However , in this particular situation , when so many people are confused in the United States , in Europe , including in the political classes of Western countries , the arguments that Putin is making so clearly could be used in the domestic debate , " he added . Analysis : Is Obama a winner or loser on Syria ? Trenin thinks Putin "  is trying to insert himself and the Russian position into the debate that 's now ongoing on Capitol Hill , within the U.S. more broadly , in the European countries . He does not want to leave the field to Westerners alone . He wants to have a voice in that discussion . " Arguments Putin presents in his op-ed struck a chord with some in Washington , even if they dislike him . One example : "  Syria is not witnessing a battle for democracy , but an armed conflict between government and opposition in a multi-religious country . There are few champions of democracy in Syria . But there are more than enough Qaeda fighters and extremists of all stripes battling the government . " Other points , like his swipe at Obama 's comment this week trumpeting American "  exceptionalism , " are bound to irritate some of the Americans Putin is trying to sway . Sen. James Inhofe , a Republican from Oklahoma , said Thursday that "  Putin was lecturing to the United States , and I could hear  Ronald  Reagan turning over in his grave as this was going on . " Some Russians claim that Obama "  owes " Putin for getting him out of a bind . Alexey Pushkov , chairman of the Russian State Duma Foreign Affairs Committee , tweeted tartly : "  Obama should be ` for ' Russia 's plan with two hands . It gives him a chance not to start a new war , not lose in the Congress , and not become another Bush , " referring to his predecessor . Hill said Putin did do Obama a favor . "  For Putin , being the old KGB guy , having someone owe him something is always to his advantage , " she said . "  But this is more about a win for Russia here . Russia gets an imminent U.S. strike off the table for a while , " Hill said . The White House is trying to throw the ball back to Putin , cautioning that his chemical weapons proposal will boomerang if it does n't work . Putin "  now owns this . He has fully asserted ownership of it , and he needs to deliver , " a senior White House official told CNN . Strobe Talbott , president of the Brookings Institution and former deputy secretary of state in the Clinton administration , tweeted : "  If Kerry-Lavrov meeting exposes Russian proposal as sham , it will strengthen Obama 's hand with Congress , assuring what Putin hopes to stop . " Keep up with key developments in the Syrian crisis	Obama and Putin in high-stakes diplomatic wrangling over Syria Putin gets upper hand by giving Obama way out of military strike for now Syria chemical weapons issue now at UN , just where Russian leader wants it White House tries to throw the ball back to Putin , saying he must deliver
Hong Kong  CNN  An impressive art collection assembled by the late actress and Hollywood icon , Lauren Bacall , has officially been offered for purchase . The collection , which includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century , went under the hammer in New York on March 31 , following a tour of Hong Kong , Paris , London and Los Angeles . Bacall , who died in August 2014 at the age of 89 , first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film , "  To Have And Have Not . " That was also when the husky-voiced starlet met her future husband , Humphrey Bogart . At the recent 2015 Golden Globes , George Clooney paid tribute to the silver screen queen in his award winning speech . "  I do n't remember what awards Lauren Bacall won , I just remember her saying : ` You know how to whistle , do n't you Steve . You just put your lips together and blow . ' " said Clooney , referring to one of her most legendary lines from her first movie . The 750-piece collection , which fetched a total of $ 3.64 million , featured bronze sculptures , jewelry , and a number of decorative arts and paintings , which were sold at Bonhams auction house in New York . "  Her collection is truly a reflection of her extraordinary taste and remarkable life , " said Jon King , Bonhams ' vice president . Among the 50 items highlighted in the auction preview were six bronze maquettes by Henry Moore , Britain 's greatest 20th century sculptor and one of Bacall 's favorite artists , whom she developed a close relationship with . One of them sold for close to $ 120,000 . Also for sale were some of Bacall 's most loved jewelry pieces , created by legendary French designer Jean Schlumberger , most known for his work at Tiffany & Co. . A rose diamond camel brooch by British jeweler Elizabeth Gage fetched $ 23,750 and was accompanied by the original drawing and correspondence from the designer , which shows the close-knit relationship Bacall had with Gage . The wide-ranging collection was expected to appeal to a variety of collectors : fine arts and antiques dealers , fans of Lauren Bacall and Humphrey Bogart , as well as memorabilia enthusiasts . Most of the items auctioned come from the apartment in New York 's Dakota Building that she shared with her second husband , actor Jason Robards , until 1969 . But King said fans of Humphrey Bogart would have been pleased to know some of the items were also from their shared residence in Los Angeles . King , who got to know Bacall in her late years , said the collection reflects the actress ' eclectic taste , and there was only one principle she applied to collecting : "  Everything had to kind of speak to her , to catch her eye . She loved form , she loved texture , she loved color . And she loved mixing it all up . She said that when you walked into her house , what she liked was that it was never boring , " King said . "  You could walk into the same room a hundred times , and see something new every time . "	A collection of 750 items belonging to legendary actress Lauren Bacall has been auctioned off at Bonhams in New York Highlights from the lot , which fetched $ 3.6 million , include bronze sculptures , jewelry , and a number of decorative arts and paintings
CNN  -- The National Football League announced Monday it will not overturn the penalty it previously imposed against the New Orleans Saints and members of its coaching staff for the team 's bounty program . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell did not alter the lengths of the suspensions he had levied last month . But he left open the possibility that fine amounts could be reduced and a draft pick could be restored if the team and its coaching staff "  embrace the opportunity " to help develop and implement player safety programs . The unprecedented punishment was handed down in March after an NFL investigation found the team had an "  active bounty program " during the 2009 , 2010 and 2011 seasons . During this time , players were purportedly offered "  bounty " payments if they managed to hurt opposing players and knock them out of a game . The NFL found evidence that bounties were put on quarterbacks Brett Favre of the Minnesota Vikings , Cam Newton of the Carolina Panthers , Aaron Rodgers of the Green Bay Packers and Kurt Warner of the Arizona Cardinals . The stiffest penalty that the NFL handed down -- an indefinite ban -- was given to Gregg Williams , the Saints defensive coordinator who , in this past offseason , moved over to take that same position with the St. Louis Rams . Head coach Sean Payton suspension for the entire 2012-2013 season will begin April 16 , the league said Monday . General manager Mickey Loomis was suspended without pay for that season 's first eight regular-season games , and assistant head coach Joe Vitt was suspended without pay for the first six regular-season games . Their suspensions will begin at the end of the preseason , according to Monday 's NFL statement . "  At the conclusion of their suspensions , the commissioner will review the status of each of the three individuals to determine their eligibility for reinstatement , " the league said , referring to Payton , Loomis and Vitt . The team was also fined $ 500,000 and ordered to forfeit its second-round draft picks in 2012 and 2013 , the NFL has said . The league added Monday that it may consider "  modifying the forfeiture " of the 2013 draft pick , assuming other conditions are met . Goodell has said he 's also considering imposing penalties against players involved in the bounty program , but he has n't given a timetable and has insisted he 'll first consult with the NFL Players Association before doing so . In its ruling , the NFL singled out Payton -- who led the Saints to its first ever Super Bowl victory in February 2010 , after a season in which the bounty program was in place -- by saying that violations for the bounty program "  were compounded by the failure of Coach Payton to supervise the players and coaches . " The league said that Payton did n't look further into the "  pay-for-performance/bounty program " despite the NFL 's inquiries about it in 2010 and 2012 , "  falsely  denied  that the program existed " and encouraged "  the false denials by instructing assistants to ` make sure our ducks are in a row . ' " In public remarks , Payton has not admitted he lied to the NFL and insisted that no one was injured as a result of the bounty program . But he did say in late March , shortly after his suspension was announced , that he was "  disappointed " in himself and regretted not being more involved in the team 's defense . "  As the head coach , anything that happens within the framework of your team and your program you 're responsible for . And that 's a lesson I 've learned , " he said .	NEW : After the suspensions ' end , the commissioner will "  review " the cases NEW : Payton 's suspension starts April 16 , the GM 's starts late this summer They had appealed the suspensions handed out last month The NFL says Saints players were offered extra money to hurt opposing players
CNN  -- "  Get yourself together . " Mary Williams repeated those three words often to her 28-year-old daughter , who served three years in a Kansas prison for a 1988 armed robbery . Donnie Belcher , 7 , visits her mother , Wanda Taylor , at Lansing Correctional Facility in Kansas in 1991 . Williams never judged her daughter , Wanda Taylor , for the crime or the crack cocaine addiction that fueled it . There was no need to pick at the past . Instead , Williams looked to the future . The future was her granddaughter , Donnie Belcher , a shy 4-year-old girl with curly hair who cried inconsolably from behind the glass the first time she visited her mother in jail . The little girl 's mother was locked up for three years , leaving her in the care of her grandmother . "  It was hard on me , " said Belcher , now 25 . "  I never wanted to leave my mother . " Belcher defied the odds , growing up straight as an arrow despite having a mother in prison . Her childhood was part of a national trend . The incarceration rates for U.S. mothers began to surge in the 1980s , fueled by the crack cocaine epidemic and tougher mandatory sentencing laws , experts said . A recent study by the U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics found the number of incarcerated mothers rose 131 percent from 1991 to 2007 , while the number of fathers in prison increased 77 percent during the same period . According to the Sentencing Project , a Washington-based nonprofit , about 1.7 million children have a parent in prison . "  We should be alarmed , " said Georgia Lerner , executive director at the Women 's Prison Association , a national nonprofit working with incarcerated women . "  Even when children have seen their mothers get arrested , they still want to be with their parents , " Lerner said . "  They still love their mothers and want to be together . " While some critics argue that criminals make poor parents , experts said there is no doubt that separation from a parent , particularly a mother , affects a child 's psychological development . When a father is imprisoned , the mother typically cares for the children , said Danielle Dallaire , a psychology professor at the College of William and Mary . But her research shows that when a mother is incarcerated , the father often plays no role in raising the children left behind . Federal statistics show children are five times more likely to end up in foster care when a mother is sent to prison than when a father is imprisoned . Read the Federal Report Belcher 's grandmother , Williams , stepped in because she did n't want the child in foster care . The girl 's father was not in the picture . For three years , Williams , a single mother herself , drove her granddaughter twice a month to see her mother . They never missed a visit , despite having to travel to several prisons across Kansas . After passing through the metal detectors and being frisked by security officers , the girl showed off the A 's she received from school or told her mother about which boy had cooties . Each visit lasted two hours . Belcher often asked , "  When will you come home ? " "  Soon , " her mother said . "  Soon . " Find out what Taylor and her family learned from her time in prison " A growing number of prisons are recognizing the need to preserve mother-child relationships . They have staffed nurseries and day care centers to keep families connected . Bedford Hills Correctional Facility , a maximum security women 's prison in New York , is host to an annual summer camp run by volunteers . At camp , children can play basketball and participate in other activities with their incarcerated mothers . In May , the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation is reuniting moms and dads with their children . The "  Get on the Bus " program provides 700 children with free rides to the prisons . The three years without Taylor were financially difficult for Williams , who was approaching retirement age . In her 50s at the time , she worked as a dental assistant to support her granddaughter . She poured all her time and effort into the quiet little girl . She packed her schedule with Girl Scouts and free summer camps , determined to make sure her granddaughter stayed out of trouble . "  Kids would tease me and say to me , ` Why is your mom so old ? ' " Belcher recalled . Belcher was elated on May 29 , 1991 , when her mother returned to their home in Kansas City , Missouri , after serving three years of an eight-year sentence . Taylor got sober and attained her GED behind bars . She returned to find her 7-year-old daughter blossoming into her polar opposite . The girl put her head into books and graced the honor roll regularly . She did n't rebel . "  I wanted to be everything my mother was n't , " Belcher said . "  I loved my mom , but I could n't do what she did . " "  I did it all , " said Taylor , now 48 . By 13 , she skipped school frequently to attend "  hooky parties " where she used drugs and alcohol . By 16 , she dropped out of high school . "  When you 're out there , you 're out there . " The years after Taylor 's release from prison also were tough on the mother-daughter relationship . As an adolescent , Belcher battled feelings of bitterness toward her mother and feared her mother would relapse . "  I felt angry , " Belcher said , and the anger only grew during her high school years . "  It was n't fair to me . Why did I have to have a mother like that ? " Belcher threw herself into academics and excelled . She knew that many children without parents often end up in trouble and behind bars themselves . She did n't want that for herself . "  She had a life where she could have just gave up , but she did n't do that , " said Williams , now 71 . "  She went straight ahead . " By 13 , she was writing poetry . By 16 , she was a track star at her high school and at the top of her class . She entered DePaul University in 2002 with nearly 50 scholarships . Belcher is a high school English teacher at Whitney M. Young Magnet High School , a college preparatory school that boasts alums like Michelle Obama . She has a cozy apartment in Chicago , Illinois -- her first home that is all her own . This summer , she will apply for grants to start her own nonprofit to help children of incarcerated parents stay out of trouble . Belcher said she admires her mother 's resilience . She watched her search tirelessly for a job , despite her felony record . She is proud of her mother , who worked her way up to become a successful child care operator for the state of Minnesota after years of working in factories and fast food restaurants . Today , her mother resides in Minneapolis , Minnesota , and her grandmother still lives in Kansas City , Missouri . "  You ca n't always control life 's circumstances , but you can control how you react to them , " Belcher said . Her mother and grandmother will visit Belcher this weekend to celebrate completion of her master 's degree -- and Mother 's Day .	Donnie Belcher 's mother was incarcerated when she was 4 Number of incarcerated mothers exploded 131 percent from 1991 to 2007 "  I wanted to be everything my mother was n't , " Belcher says More prisons are creating programs that preserve mother-child relationships
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Clashes between Shiite militias left dozens of people dead and hundreds wounded in Karbala and Baghdad , prompting Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr on Tuesday to call for calm , his spokesman said . Iraqi special forces patrol Karbala on Monday as thousands of Shiite pilgrims stream into the holy city . A curfew and weapons ban were in effect and Shiite pilgrims were evacuated from the southern Iraqi city of Karbala , where fighting has killed up to 50 people and wounded 247 others , the Iraqi Interior Ministry said . The Iraqi Army had taken control of the city by early Wednesday , Iraq 's national security adviser said . "  The situation is quiet now , but nervous and tense , " Mowaffaq al-Rubaie said in a phone call from Karbala . Referring to the clashes in Karbala and Baghdad , he said , "  They are potentially dangerous and can develop into something more serious . " The violence erupted Monday night in Karbala , where hundreds of thousands of pilgrims were attending a Shiite religious festival . The fighting spread to Baghdad on Tuesday . Watch how the fighting began " Five people were killed in Baghdad , where al-Sadr 's followers torched six offices belonging to the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq , authorities said . Al-Sadr has called for calm , banned further fighting and urged members of the Mehdi Army militia to guard the Islamic Council offices and officials , according to Sheikh Ahmed al-Shibani , a senior al-Sadr aide in Najaf . Al-Sadr also called for an investigation into the clashes and for those behind the attacks to be punished , his spokesman said . The attacks were accompanied by fighting between the Badr Organization and the Mehdi Army . The Badr Organization , part of the Supreme Islamic Council of Iraq , has been incorporated into Iraqi security forces throughout the country . The Mehdi Army is the militia of al-Sadr . In Sadr City , where two of the political offices were burned , the Iraqi army called in reinforcements and air support while battling the Mehdi Army , an Interior Ministry official said . The Mehdi Army also set fire to the Dawa Party 's office in Kadhimiya , an Interior Ministry official said . Prime Minister Nuri Al-Maliki is a member of the Dawa Party . Shiite pilgrims in Karbala were celebrating Sha'abaniya , the birthday of Imam al-Mehdi , the 12th Imam , whom Shiites revere . The celebrations were to peak Tuesday and Wednesday . The pilgrims in Karbala were evacuated from the city center , and a full curfew was imposed , said Brig. Gen. Abdul Kareem Khalaf , an Interior Ministry spokesman . There is also a ban on bicycles , motorbikes and pushcarts . A curfew also was in effect in nearby Najaf , a Shiite holy city to which many pilgrims fled after the Karbala fighting began , Najaf police said . The fighting was apparently spurred by a security measure that banned people from carrying weapons into Karbala , an Interior Ministry official said . The al-Sadr loyalists refused to give up their guns , leading to clashes between the Sadrist fighters and security forces protecting the shrines , an Interior Ministry official said . The Mehdi fighters have accused the security forces of being members of the Badr Organization . Pilgrims and members of the security forces are among the casualties . Local officials convened Tuesday to discuss how to defuse the situation . Tensions have been high between the armed wings of the major Shiite political movements . Targeted assassinations and battles between the Badr Organization and Mehdi Army have been prevalent in recent months . Other developments :  A deputy oil minister and four other kidnapped employees of the Iraqi Oil Ministry were freed Tuesday after two weeks in captivity , the oil ministry said . The deputy oil minister , Abdul Jabber al-Wagga , and the four general managers are in good health and have returned home , the ministry said .  Several hundred U.S. and Iraqi troops converged on Iraq 's Diyala province , killing 33 insurgents and restoring a city 's water service , the U.S. military said . The troops carried out an air assault Monday in the Gobia community to restore water in nearby Khalis . The military said "  water is currently flowing unimpeded . "  A suicide bomber detonated an explosive vest Monday in the courtyard of a mosque in Falluja , killing 12 people , including an imam known for speaking out against Iraqi militants , an Interior Ministry official said . Two of his sons also were killed in the blast , according to the official .  Coalition forces "  killed eight terrorists and detained 11 suspected terrorists " during raids targeting al Qaeda in Iraq leaders , the military said Tuesday . The raids , spanning two provinces northeast of Tikrit , targeted a senior-level adviser with links to international terrorist Khalid al-Turki , the military said . Al-Turki was killed during a June 23 operation .  A "  highly sought weapons facilitator " was arrested Tuesday in Baghdad , the military said . The individual is suspected of distributing bombs and smuggling weapons from Iran to Iraq , the military said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Yousif Bassil and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Up to 50 people killed and 247 others wounded in Karbala clashes Fighting spreads to Baghdad ; Mehdi Army torches offices , official says Tensions high between Shiite militias during religious celebration
The kids have spoken . Winners of the Children 's and Teen Choice Book Awards were announced Wednesday night at the seventh Children 's Book Week Gala in New York , part of the the 95th Children 's Book Week . Rush Limbaugh won author of the year for "  Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims : Time-Travel Adventures with Exceptional Americans , " while Grace Lee won illustrator of the year for "  Sofia the First : The Floating Palace . " These are the only awards chosen by children and teens in support of their favorite books , according to the Children 's Book Council . Each year , about 13,000 children across the United States read newly published children and young adult books within their classes through the International Reading Association , in partnership with the Children 's Book Council . Kids voted for their favorites online with the help of their parents and teachers , or educators submitted group ballots after polling their students . The teen finalists were chosen through a joint program with Teenreads.com , part of The Book Report Network . The top author and illustrator finalists were determined by the bestseller lists . Voters were also allowed to write in finalists that were n't listed . The Children 's Book Council 's vetting process ensures that voting is done by children and teens , or submitted from classroom ballot boxes , they said . "  The idea was born out of the understanding that when kids are given a voice and agency in their reading choices , they tend to be a lot more excited about reading , " said Nicole Deming of the Children 's Book Council . "  It 's so important to get those gateway titles to them that will lead them to a lifelong investment in the written word . " Founded by the Children 's Book Council and in support of the nonprofit Every Child a Reader , the event was hosted by Kate DiCamillo , author of "  Flora and Ulysses : The Illuminated Adventures " and National Ambassador for Young People 's Literature . Former "  Reading Rainbow " host LeVar Burton was awarded with the Impact Award for his efforts to instill "  a lifelong love of reading in children . " Here 's the list of winners : Book of the Year , kindergarten through second grade Winner : "  The Day the Crayons Quit " by Drew Daywalt , illustrated by Oliver Jeffers Finalists : "  Alphabet Trucks " by Samantha R. Vamos , illustrated by Ryan O'Rourke "  Chamelia and the New Kid in Class " by Ethan Long "  Mustache Baby " by Bridget Heos , illustrated by Joy Ang "  Bear and Bee " by Sergio Ruzzier Book of the Year , third through fourth grade Winner : "  Bugs in My Hair ! " by David Shannon Finalists : "  Bean Dog and Nugget : The Ball " by Charise Mericle Harper "  Cougar : A Cat With Many Names " by Stephen Person "  The Matchbox Diary " by Paul Fleischman , illustrated by Bagram Ibatoulline "  Pancho Rabbit and the Coyote : A Migrant 's Tale " by Duncan Tonatiuh Book of the Year , fifth through sixth grade Winner : "  National Geographic Kids Myths Busted ! " by Emily Krieger , illustrated by Tom Nick Cocotos Finalists : "  Hokey Pokey " by Jerry Spinelli "  Prince Puggly of Spud " by Robert Paul Weston "  Lawless : Book 1 " by Jeffrey Salane "  Battling Boy " by Paul Pope Book of the Year , teens Winner : "  Allegiant " by Veronica Roth Finalists : "  Clockwork Princess " by Cassandra Clare "  Eleanor & Park " by Rainbow Rowell "  Smoke " by Ellen Hopkins "  The 5th Wave " by Rick Yancey Illustrator of the Year Winner : Grace Lee , "  Sofia the First : The Floating Palace " Finalists : Victoria Kann , "  Emeraldalicious " Anna Dewdney , "  Llama Llama and the Bully Goat " James Dean , "  Pete the Cat : The Wheels on the Bus " Oliver Jeffers , "  The Day the Crayons Quit " Author of the Year Winner : Rush Limbaugh , "  Rush Revere and the Brave Pilgrims : Time-Travel Adventures with Exceptional Americans " Finalists : Veronica Roth , "  Allegiant " Rachel Renee Russell , "  Dork Diaries 6 : Tales From A Not-So-Happy Heartbreaker " Rick Riordan , "  The House of Hades " Jeff Kinney , "  Diary of a Wimpy Kid : Hard Luck " What are the most popular books among kids and teens in your household or classroom ? Share your thoughts in the comments , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	Winners of the Children 's and Teen Choice Book Awards were announced Wednesday night The winners are chosen by the target readers -- children and teens Kate DiCamillo , national ambassador for Young People 's Literature , hosted the ceremony
Drive it straight off the lot and into the Oval Office . That 's what President Obama says the American people want , admitting Sunday that the country is ready to shift gears and hit the gas with a new leader . "  I think the American people , you know , they 're going to want that new car smell , " Obama said in an interview that aired Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " "  You know , they want to drive something off the lot that -- that does n't have as much mileage as me . " After taking responsibility for his party 's sweeping defeat in the midterm elections , the President now says that he is aware that his brand has lost some of its luster . "  When you 've been president for six years , you know , you 've got some dings , " Obama said . "  You know , they 're probably not going to be looking at me to campaign too much . " "  I think at the end of two years if -- if they want me to do some selective things , I 'll be happy to do them , but I suspect that folks will be ready to see me go off to the next thing . " But even if he considers his mileage to be 2016 baggage , Obama says he wants to help his party in any way he can to win the next presidential election . "  I am very interested in making sure that I 've got a Democratic successor , " Obama said . "  So I 'm going to do everything I can , obviously , to make sure that whoever the nominee is , is successful . " Discussing potential 2016 contenders , Obama had kind words about a former competitor and colleague , who has racked up a number of political accomplishments on her own 2016 odometer . "  She has n't announced so I do n't want to jump the gun , " Obama said about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , whom he said he speaks with regularly . "  If she decides to run , I think she will be a formidable candidate and I think she 'd be a great president . " "  She 's not going to agree with me on everything , " the President continued . "  And , you know , one of the benefits of running for president is you can stake out your own positions -- and have a clean slate , a fresh start . "	Obama : Americans wants a candidate that "  does n't have as much mileage as me " Obama tells ABC he does n't expect to be utilized too much in 2016 campaigns Obama : Hillary Clinton would be a "  formidable " candidate and "  a great president "
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- Clashes erupted Monday on the volatile border between Sudan and South Sudan in the run-up to a planned meeting between the nations ' presidents as part of a troubled peace process . South Sudan army spokesman Philip Aguer accused Khartoum of launching aerial bombing raids on troops in Jaw , a border area where their armies have clashed previously . He said Sudanese ground forces attacked a southern base near the Heglig oil field . "  They repelled the attack , they pursued them to Heglig . The SPLA is controlling part of Heglig , " he said , referring to South Sudan 's army . Sudan denied that its air force bombed Jaw , and said the border clashes near Heglig were "  minor " . Part of Heglig is disputed , along with much of the 1,200-mile border . Sudan President Omar al-Bashir is scheduled to travel to the southern capital on April 3 to meet with his counterpart , South Sudan President Salva Kiir , and sign a deal on border demarcation . Under that agreement , the countries would establish a joint committee and technical team to mark the border . Another agreement would guarantee the rights of citizens from each country living on either side of the border . The accords are considered landmark achievements , reached after eight months of negotiations that began after South Sudan broke away from Sudan and declared independence July 9 . The split , which came after two decades of civil war , left a raft of unresolved issues , including how much the landlocked south should pay to transport its oil through a pipeline running across Sudan . South Sudan shut down oil production in late January after accusing its northern neighbor of stealing $ 815 million of its oil . Sudan said it confiscated the crude to make up for unpaid fees to use the pipeline and processing facilities in its territory . Pagan Amum , the south 's chief negotiator , said the border and citizenship agreements could open the way to a deal to resume oil production . Both countries are suffering economically since the shutdown began . Upon independence , South Sudan took three-quarters of the formerly united country 's oil reserves , and oil accounted for 98 % of the new state 's revenues . Monday 's border clashes cast doubt on whether either country would honor any agreements . During talks mediated by the African Union , the countries also signed a nonaggression pact on February 10 aimed at bringing peace to the border region . Aside from clashes between government forces , both countries accuse each other of supporting militia or rebel forces in their territories . On Thursday , U.S. State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland urged South Sudan to cease military support for rebels fighting the Khartoum government in Blue Nile state and Southern Kordofan state , where Monday 's clashes occurred . Southern officials have repeatedly denied providing support to the rebels . Nuland also demanded that Khartoum "  end aerial bombardments of civilian areas . " The war has already sent more than 100,000 refugees across the border into South Sudan , and the United States and United Nations have warned that hundreds more could follow , fleeing hunger and violence .	Presidents of South Sudan , Sudan to meet April 3 Clearly defining contries ' border is main point of talks Both countries blame each other for harboring rebel fighters
CNN  -- A California sex offender suspected of abducting a girl in 1991 and keeping her captive for 18 years is suffering from "  serious mental illness , " defense attorneys say in court papers . "  It appears that Phillip Garrido has been hearing -LSB- the -RSB- voices of angels for years , " said documents filed Wednesday in El Dorado County Superior Court . The court papers dispute prosecutors ' asserting that Garrido is a "  master manipulator " who is still trying to influence his victim . Garrido , 58 , and his wife , Nancy , are charged with 29 felony counts in the kidnapping of Jaycee Dugard , who was 11 when she was snatched from the street in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe , California . She was 29 when found in August at the Garridos ' home in Antioch , about 120 miles from her home . Prosecutors allege that Garrido fathered two daughters with Dugard during her captivity . Both Phillip Garrido , who was a registered sex offender on parole at the time of his arrest in August , and Nancy Garrido have pleaded not guilty to the charges against them . In a filing earlier this month , prosecutors called Garrido a "  master manipulator , " citing journal entries made by Dugard . They also said Garrido 's attorneys were attempting to contact Dugard , whose location they are trying to keep secret , and asked the court to impose a protective order barring such contact . A judge refused to immediately grant the request , setting a hearing for Friday . Garrido 's public defenders , Rick Meyer and Susan Gellman , said Dugard , who is identified in court papers as Jane Doe , told investigators following Garrido 's arrest that he had a "  self-described ability to understand the voices of angels . ... One of the children disclosed this as well , describing how the voices would keep him up at night , and how the angels lived underground and spoke to him from this location . " The filing points to Garrido 's "  manifesto , " entitled "  Origin of Schizophrenia Revealed , " which he prepared in the days and weeks before his arrest and addressed to the FBI . He took it "  from law enforcement agency to law enforcement agency , calling attention to himself in a way that could -LSB- and ultimately did -RSB- lead to his arrest , " the attorneys said . Garrido went to the campus of the University of California , Berkeley , accompanied by his two daughters with Dugard , to get a permit to stage a demonstration of his ability , the documents said . University employees brought about his arrest after contacting his parole officer , saying they thought Garrido 's behavior was odd . "  Mr. Garrido 's illness was not subtle at all , " the documents said . "  Obviously the campus police at the University of California , Berkeley were able to perceive the clear signs of mental illness and took some action instead of ignoring them . " Prosecutors , the defense said , have discussed the "  cover stories " told by Dugard and the children when Garrido was summoned to the parole office the following day and questioned . Authorities maintain such lies were evidence of Garrido 's manipulation , according to the documents . "  In reality , it appears that everyone was very frightened by what could happen . They were afraid they would be separated and lose each other , " the defense said . "  Even the children made up stories ; there was a sense of panic . They were trying to protect each other . One of the children was so nervous she got sick . " Asked several times who was the father of the children , Garrido told several different stories , his attorneys said . "  The agent 's report is helpful in showing how manipulative Mr. Garrido is not . " Further evidence of Garrido 's mental illness is his repeated contact with the news media , according to his attorneys . "  Contacting the media against the advice of counsel when one is facing criminal charges as serious as these shows an inability to cooperate with counsel and an inability to appreciate the function of the criminal justice system , " the attorneys said . "  In short , Mr. Garrido 's contacts with the media , when his attorney tells him not to have them , are not manipulations at all , but evidence that he may not be competent to be a defendant . " Garrido believes that Dugard is part of his "  transformation " and his "  disclosure , " the documents said . "  Mr. Garrido believes that he and Jane Doe once had a plan to launch a Web site wherein Mr. Garrido 's ability to speak to angels would be revealed to mankind . He remains confused as to why that has not happened . " The attorneys said they had not attempted to contact Dugard , but sent a letter to her former attorney without knowing he was no longer representing her . Prosecutors said a sentence in that letter , conveying that Garrido harbored no ill will toward Dugard or the children and "  loves them very much , " was interpreted as a manipulation attempt . Defense attorneys maintained it was not . "  There has been no intimidation or harassment of any kind , " they wrote . Authorities maintain Dugard does not want to speak to Garrido or his attorneys . She has that right , the defense attorneys said , and the court can refuse to disclose her location . "  However , in a case like this , it would make settlement far more difficult if counsel were forever foreclosed from approaching the idea of contact again , " the attorneys said . If the court will not disclose Dugard 's location , they requested a representative be appointed for communication purposes .	Defense says Phillip Garrido is mentally ill , hears angels ' voices Court papers filed in response to allegation that he still is trying to manipulate victim Garrido is accused of abducting Jaycee Dugard , holding her for 18 years Dugard , abducted at age 11 , was freed last summer
CNN  -- An Ottoman-era portico in Mecca 's Grand Mosque has become the latest battleground in a conflict between those who want to preserve the city 's architectural heritage and Saudi authorities pushing for redevelopment . The 17th century portico -- one of the oldest parts of the Grand Mosque , Islam 's holiest -- is being removed by Mecca authorities as part of an expansion project to create more space for soaring numbers of pilgrims . Millions of people visit Mecca and Medina annually  two million of them during the Hajj pilgrimage alone  , a number that is only expected to grow rapidly in the coming years . However , one UK-based Saudi historian says what Saudi authorities are doing in Mecca amounts to "  cultural vandalism . " Irfan Al Alawi , executive director of the Islamic Heritage Research Foundation , which seeks to preserve historical sites in Saudi Arabia , says significant features of Mecca and Medina 's architectural history are being lost on account of the renovations . He has called on the Muslim world to voice its disapproval at the demolitions , which he likened to the torching of ancient manuscripts by Islamists in Timbuktu , Mali . Every follower must carry out the Hajj once in their lives , if physically and financially able to do so . Overcrowding at the Hajj has resulted in fatal stampedes on a number of occasions , with 1,426 pilgrims killed in 1990 and more than 350 killed in 2006 . Saudi Binladin Group 's Mohammed Jom ` a , the supervisor of the project at Mecca 's Grand Mosque , told CNN the expansion would triple the amount of space there . "  The authorities  want to offer more space to the pilgrims to avoid crowds , " he said . But Al Alawi says there 's a better way . "  I 'm not against expanding the mosques at all , but there are ways you can go about it without destroying the historical aspects of these sites , " he said . "  Rather than engaging with heritage concerns , the Saudis are simply not interested . " Clashes with Turkey Turkey says it is alarmed by the loss of the Ottoman portico and its Foreign Affairs Ministry has been in correspondence with the Saudis over the matter since 2010 . More from Inside the Middle East : Can Iraq 's geeks save the country ? "  It is very important to preserve the Kaaba porches as the legacy of the Ottoman Empire where they stand , " Turkey 's Directorate for Cultural Properties and Museums said in a statement to CNN . CNN contacted the Saudi Ministry of Islamic Affairs , local officials in Saudi Arabia , including the Mayor and Municipality of Mecca and the Saudi Embassy in London . But we were unsuccessful in getting a response to our request for comment . Al Alawi said the authorities were inclined not to value aspects of Mecca 's heritage that dated from before Saudi control over the city -- such as the portico , going back centuries to Ottoman sovereignty over the city -- because that evidence of a pre-Saudi Mecca undermined the kingdom 's important position in the Islamic world as guardians of the city . This is not the first time Saudi authorities have clashed with Turkey over the destruction of Ottoman-era buildings in Mecca , which Turkey views as in important part of a shared Islamic heritage . In 2002 , Ankara made a heated protest about the destruction of Mecca 's Al Ajyad fortress , built on a hill overlooking the Kaaba in the late 18th century . Both the citadel and the hill it sat on were demolished to make way for the skyscraper city that today looms over the Grand Mosque , prompting Turkey 's then Minister of Culture , Istemihan Talay , to accuse the Saudis of an "  act of barbarism . " Mecca 's changing face Over the past 10 years , Mecca 's skyline has transformed . Lavish skyscrapers now tower over devotees circling the Kaaba in the Grand Mosque . Most imposing is the Royal Mecca Clock Tower , a 120-floor hotel that resembles London 's Big Ben and which , at 601 meters , is the world 's second tallest building . The U.S.-based Institute for Gulf Affairs estimates that 95 % of Mecca 's millennium-old buildings have been demolished in the past two decades . Saudi authorities say the changes are part of a push to modernize offerings to pilgrims , who have traditionally stayed in austere lodgings . The Saudi government is also pushing forward with major redevelopments at Medina 's Mosque of the Prophet -- where the Prophet is believed to be buried . More from Inside the Middle East : Palestinian women change motor racing up a gear Al Alawi claims the threat to the heritage of the mosques adds to a wider pattern of destruction of historic sites in Saudi Arabia . He says it reflects an ideological agenda stemming from the kingdom 's ultraconservative Wahhabist brand of Islam . He added that the Wahhabis place great emphasis on avoiding the sin of "  shirq " -- idolatry , or polytheism -- which they believe is encouraged by shrines , tombs or anything that could promote alternative forms of worship , or the veneration of an entity other than Allah . The Commission for Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice says it plans to close or eradicate 14 historic sites around Mecca , so that pilgrims from other countries can not engage in idolatrous rituals there , the Saudi Gazette reported last month . As a consequence of their Wahhabist beliefs , said Al Alawi , the Saudis had systematically destroyed such sites since the early days of the kingdom . Demolitions over the decades In 1925 , the year the first Saudi king , Ibn Saud , captured Medina , the Saudis demolished the mausoleums in al-Baqi cemetery attached to the Mosque of the Prophet . More from Inside the Middle East : Who will win battle for the new Tunisia ? The raids at al-Baqi -- which is believed to house the remains of number of the prophet 's wives , children and other relatives -- and at the Mualla cemetery in Mecca , caused an outcry from the international Muslim community . Some still mourn the destruction as a "  day of sorrow . " Separately , the site of the house said to belong to the prophet 's first wife , Khadijah , which Al Alawi was involved in excavating in the 1980s , today contains a toilet block for pilgrims , while the site believed to be the prophet 's birthplace was a cattle market before being turned into a library . Some Salafist groups abroad , such as Egypt 's Ansar Al Sunna Al Muhammadyeh , support the renovations around the Grand Mosque . "  We do not sanctify places or people , but we go according to what the Quran said and what the Prophet said , " the group 's secretary general , Sheikh Ahmed Yousef , told CNN . "  There is no place that is holier than the Kaaba , so if the Saudi government decided to expand then this is because they care about Islam more than the heritage . "	Saudi authorities have begun dismantling a historic Ottoman area of Mecca 's Grand Mosque A UK-based Saudi historian says the demolition is "  cultural vandalism " Saudi govt says it is expanding mosque to accommodate soaring numbers of Hajj pilgrims Historian disagrees , says demolition is fuelled by Saudi religious beliefs
New York  CNN  -- Every year , beginning with the January birthday celebrations for the Rev. Martin Luther King and moving through Black History Month in February , Americans and others revisit the history , role and significance of the black freedom movement in the United States . But there is a frequent tendency to misrepresent the lessons of that movement and apply them to other social movements overseas in a way that misses the mark . This has been happening increasingly with the historical lessons that are being misapplied to the Palestinian freedom movement . It has become almost a clich , yet people , including Irish rocker Bono , continue to wield King 's name when they bemoan the alleged absence of his like among the Palestinians . It seems no matter what Palestinian activists do , they are condemned as terrorists . Whether they are engaged in armed struggle or nonviolent direct action , it does not matter : Palestinian activists are often portrayed as extremists who threaten life and property . The obvious exceptions are those Palestinians who are prepared to accept whatever terms the United States insists upon for the resolution of the Palestinian-Israeli conflict . The recent arrests of Palestinian human rights activists Jamal Juma ' , Abdallah Abu Rahma , Ibrahim Amirah and Mohammed Othman are prime examples . Juma ' and Othman were imprisoned without charge , Amirah faces charges of incitement , organizing illegal demonstrations , and stone-throwing , and Abu Rahma is confronted with a charge of "  illegal weapons possession , " apparently because a protest sign he created included a spent tear gas canister In fact , they were imprisoned  Juma ' was released on January 12 and Othman on January 13 after he was held nearly four months  not for firing missiles or ambushing Israeli troops , but for protesting what the International Court of Justice has called the illegal Israeli separation wall that carves up the West Bank and places Palestinian communities in an existence that recalls South African apartheid . The systematic detention of such leaders has been condemned by Amnesty International , but the U.S. public is unlikely to get even a hint that the Israeli government is furthering its efforts to smash dissent in the occupied territories . These recent crackdowns make even more ironic the hope expressed by Bono last month in The New York Times "  that people in places filled with rage and despair , places like the Palestinian territories , will in the days ahead find among them their Gandhi , their King , their Aung San Suu Kyi . " As a commenter on his column noted , these people exist today and have existed within the Palestinian movement . They are just in jail ... or dead . Bassem Abu Rahme , for example , was killed by a teargas canister fired at close range by an Israeli soldier on April 17 while taking part in one of the weekly nonviolent protests that are regularly met with tear gas , billy clubs , rubber bullets and the threat of arrest . I believe that Bassem , like many others , was following in Gandhi 's path . While it is certainly true that some of the protests by Palestinians are violent , the same could be said of the anti-colonial protests that took place on the Indian subcontinent against the British at the time of Gandhi . Gandhi certainly preached nonviolent direct action , yet there were others within the independence movement that advocated forceful courses of action . Nevertheless , smearing or repressing all protests in the name of moving against those who use violence is disingenuous , a point well understood when viewing other freedom struggles , whether the Indian independence movement or the black freedom struggle in the United States . In fact , this repression becomes a means not of suppressing violence , but of suppressing all resistance to injustice . This is experienced today by the Palestinian movement . Its objectives are caricatured and maligned by Israel in order to make the repression easier . In this period -- from King 's birthday through the celebrations and discussions that take place during Black History Month -- it is useful to recall similar treatment King and other freedom fighters endured , and reflect on the true lessons from his life and struggles that are relevant to the Palestinian struggle and its hopes for a lasting peace . Despite King 's acceptance now in mainstream circles , he was first and foremost a troublemaker in the cause of justice . While King believed in peace , he was more importantly a person of action , and one completely intolerant of injustice . In that sense he was a thorn in the side of the powers that be and the status quo . King did not achieve credibility by simply preaching peace and good will , and certainly not by being passive or submissive in the face of oppression . He gained credibility because he was a person who was prepared to challenge the unjust laws and practices of his period , laws and practices that were summarized in the notion of Jim Crow segregation . Even though Jim Crow was the law in much of the United States , King and countless others were prepared to break the law and , thereby , threaten the stability of this country . He was branded a communist , a malcontent and a criminal , all with the aim of discrediting him . And , when that was not enough , and his following did not disappear into the night , he was harassed and faced repeated death threats , ultimately leading to his murder . The condemnation of Palestinian activists as terrorists , no matter their approach , shares a great deal in common with the manner in which King and African-American freedom fighters  and their allies  were demonized and repressed . It was the basic cause that needed to be destroyed by the oppressor and not just the individuals . The same is true today as Palestinian activists , including those who have consciously and openly repudiated armed struggle , are sidelined so that the Israeli government can claim , with a straight face , that it has no Palestinian partner with which it can discuss peace . The "  partners " are there in Palestine . When we celebrate the courage and vision of freedom fighters such as King or Fannie Lou Hamer and the countless others who are remembered during Black History Month , we should think of those Palestinian Kings and Fannie Lou Hamers whose nonviolent struggle for freedom , justice and equality continues . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bill Fletcher Jr. .	Bill Fletcher says it is common to mistakenly bemoan lack of peaceful Palestinians He says Israel portrays nonviolent protests in West Bank as extremist Amnesty International has denounced crackdowns on nonviolent protest , he says Fletcher : Israel denies nonviolent activists so it can claim it has no partner for peace
CNN  -- Ireland reached the quarterfinals of the rugby World Cup Sunday with an emphatic 36-6 victory over Italy at the Otago Stadium . Ireland topped Pool C ahead of second-placed Australia , and now play Wales in the knockout phase in Wellington next Saturday . They were 12-6 up as the second half began but put the game out of reach for Italy with two tries . Captain Brian O'Driscoll scored in the 47th minute after taking a well-timed pass from Tommy Bowe . Four minutes later left-wing Keith Earls marked his birthday by finishing a sweeping move with a try in the far corner after good work by center Gordon D'Arcy and blindside flanker Stephen Ferris . Ronan O'Gara , who landed six out of seven placekicks for a match haul of 16 points before being replaced by rival fly-half Jonathan Sexton , a less reliable goalkicker , duly landed the conversion . Ireland 's traveling support virtually turned the match into a home game with most of the stadium bathed in green . Before the match Italy coach Nick Mallett had claimed his team boasted a better front row and would prove it . All Black star Carter ruled out of World Cup But that dominance failed to materialize and neither side ever took full control . Earlier , Wales were in superb form as they thrashed Fiji 66-0 tn Hamilton . Jamie Roberts with two tries , Scott Williams , George North , Sam Warburton , Lloyd Burns , Leigh Halfpenny , Lloyd Williams and Jonathan Davies crossed in the rout . Hosts New Zealand also shrugged off the loss of star fly half Dan Carter to round off their Pool A campaign with a 75-19 victory over Canada . They ran in 12 tries with Zac Guildford leading the way with four . Colin Slade , the replacement for Carter , kicked four conversions and a penalty . The All Blacks will play Argentina in the quarterfinals next Sunday after the Pumas confirmed their qualification for the knockout stages ahead of Scotland with a 25-7 win over Georgia .	Ireland reach quarter-finals of rugby World Cup with emphatic 36-6 victory over Italy Ireland top Pool C ahead of second-placed Australia , and now play Wales Italy 's coach had claimed his team boasted a better front row and would prove it Hosts New Zealand shrug off loss of Dan Cartter to thrash Canada 75-19
CNN  -- There was nothing flashy about Judy Clarke , nothing to announce , "  Here 's the high-profile criminal attorney , " as she stood in court Monday beside the man accused in the Arizona rampage killings . But Clarke is , perhaps , the best defense lawyer you 've never heard of . A longtime colleague calls her lack of ego "  almost freakish . " She faces an uphill battle defending Jared Lee Loughner , who shaved his head and offered an unsettling smile for his mug shot . The crime is shocking , and her client already is publicly reviled . But public defenders are the embodiment of a criminal justice system that believes everyone is innocent until proved guilty , that even people accused of horrific crimes deserve someone to stand up for them and find their humanity . Many of Clarke  s colleagues believe she is the perfect lawyer for the job . "  Judy is as genuine as a person can be , " said David I. Bruck , who attended law school with Clarke and has worked on cases with her . "  She explodes every myth about lawyers . She is motivated by a passion to stick up for the little guy , and there is nobody littler than a defendant accused of a horrendous crime who everybody wants to string up . " Loughner , 22 , is charged in federal court with five crimes , including killing a federal judge and congressional aide and attempting to assassinate U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . He also faces prosecution in the state courts for allegedly killing four others , including a child , outside a supermarket in Tucson , Arizona . Already , there is talk of the death penalty . "  I 'm glad she 's on the case . She 's a great lawyer , " said Quin Denvir , a former federal public defender from Sacramento , California . Denvir recruited Clarke to help him with the Unabomber case . "  She 's a walking encyclopedia , she knows the law , and she has great empathy for the client , " he added . "  She does it all . " The federal bench in Arizona stepped down Tuesday from handling the Loughner case because one of its own , U.S. District Judge John Roll , is among the dead . The decision came a day after Clarke quietly raised the point in court . Legal colleagues consider Clarke , 58 , to be the nation 's foremost expert on defending federal capital cases . "  I really ca n't think of anyone better to assign as defense counsel to this case , " said Laurie Levenson , a professor at Loyola Law School and a former federal prosecutor . "  She is familiar with the federal death penalty , insanity defenses , high-profile cases , and difficult clients . The defendant is going to need good counsel , and he 's got it . " Clarke has no taste for designer clothes , sound bites or talking heads . In fact , she has absolutely no use for the media . As a public defender , she did n't need publicity to hustle up paying clients . She was on a government salary , and there was no shortage of poor defendants . For much of her 30-year career , Clarke ran the federal public defender 's offices in San Diego , California , and Spokane , Washington . In the mid-1990s , she became the first federal public defender to head the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers . Now , even though she is in private practice , other public defenders seek her help on the tough cases . And so , Clarke prefers to do her talking to judges , juries , other lawyers and law students . Not surprisingly , Clarke did not return CNN 's calls for comment . But she spoke freely last year with the magazine at Washington and Lee University Law School , where she and her husband teach , as does Bruck . She is a visiting professor , teaching third-year law students , and she articulated the philosophy that defines her as a defense lawyer : "  We stand between the power of the state and the individual , and in doing so defend the core values that make this country great , " Clarke said . "  None of us , including those accused of a crime , wants to be defined by the worst moment , or the worst day of our lives . " Colleagues say Clarke is highly effective . An ardent opponent of the death penalty , she has kept some of the nation 's most despised criminal 's -- baby killers , bombers , white supremacists and terrorists -- off death row . You might know some of her clients by the public nicknames they acquired : the Unabomber , the Olympic Park bomber and the 20th hijacker . Clarke is so relentless , her work ethic so formidable , that she often seems driven . But her ambition is not for herself , colleagues say . She believes in the system . She was raised in Asheville , North Carolina , and graduated in 1974 from Furman College in Greenville , South Carolina . She received her law degree in 1977 from the University of South Carolina Law School , where Bruck was a couple of years ahead of her and served as a student adviser . Her talent was immediately apparent , he said . Later , as a defense attorney in South Carolina , Bruck recruited Clark to help him defend Susan Smith , the emotionally disturbed mother who in October 1994 strapped her two boys into her car and let it roll into a lake , drowning them . The defense argued that it was a failed suicide attempt . It was Clarke 's first capital case . "  This is not a case about evil , " she told the jury as the trial began in state court during the summer of 1995 . "  This is a case about despair and sadness . " Clarke did n't argue insanity but brought her client 's abusive childhood and adult depression alive for the jury . She portrayed Smith as a woman so tormented by her failures in life that she even failed at her own suicide and jumped out of the car . "  She snapped and Michael and Alex are gone , " Clarke told jurors . "  Susan broke where many of us might bend . " She let jurors feel Smith  s confusion and pain , and they took 2 1/2 hours to convict Smith of murdering her sons . But they spared her life . Afterward , the judge was so impressed with Clarke  s work , he increased her pay to $ 83,000 . She paid the taxes and donated the money to a nonprofit agency that defends the poor in capital cases . State officials were not so impressed . They passed a law that prohibited out-of-state lawyers from working on South Carolina  s death penalty cases . That law is still on the books , Bruck said . Clarke went on to join the defense teams in other high-profile capital cases in the federal courts . All were settled through plea bargains that took the death penalty off the table . Among them : Ted Kaczynski : The mathematician known as the Unabomber pleaded guilty in January 1998 to making and transporting bomb materials that killed three people . Federal prosecutors in Sacramento , California , backed away from the death penalty after their own expert diagnosed him as a paranoid schizophrenic . Buford O. Furrow : The Aryan Nations member pleaded guilty in 2001 and was sentenced to five life terms for a racially motivated shooting spree at a Los Angeles Jewish Community Center , and the fatal shooting of a Filipino-American postal worker in 1999 . Prosecutors dropped the death penalty when the defense documented and charted Furrow 's long history of psychiatric treatment for bipolar disorder . The decision later was criticized by the victims ' families . Eric Rudolph : The man known as the Olympic Park bomber pleaded guilty in 2005 to bombing a women 's clinic in Birmingham , Alabama , and other bombings -- including the one at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia . He was a survivalist and spent years on the FBI 's most wanted list . Prosecutors dropped the death penalty after Rudolph led them to several dynamite caches in the North Carolina woods . Zacarias Moussaoui : The 9/11 conspirator is sometimes referred to as the 20th hijacker . Clarke worked only briefly on this case . He repeatedly fired his lawyers and insisted on defending himself , abruptly pleading guilty to terror conspiracy charges in July 2002 . His life was spared in 2006 when a lone juror held out against a death sentence after a trial punctuated by the defendant 's outbursts .	Judy Clarke is considered the nation 's foremost expert in defending capital cases She has helped keep Susan Smith , Ted Kaczynski and others off death row Clarke has been appointed to defend Jared Lee Loughner Loughner allegedly killed a judge , tried to assassinate a member of Congress
Visiting the Jefferson Memorial in Washington never gets old to me . Not only is it architecturally stunning , but the quotes on the four panels surrounding the sculpture of our third president stir a profound sense of patriotism and spiritual clarity inside me . "  We hold these truths to be self-evident : that all men are created equal . " "  Almighty God hath created the mind free . " "  God who gave us life gave us liberty . " And then there 's my favorite : "  I am not an advocate for frequent changes in laws and constitutions , but laws and institutions must go hand in hand with the progress of the human mind . " That quote goes on to talk about the importance of having a fluid Constitution , one that reflects the society of the time as opposed to "  the regimen of their barbarous ancestors . " It 's really quite profound when you think about it : a founding father granting future generations permission to make changes to a document with the ink barely dry on the original . And we have taken Jefferson up on his suggestion , such as granting women the right to vote . But that tends to be the nature of most of the biggest changes that have been made to the Constitution : affecting the rights and behavior of citizens as opposed to the structure of the government itself . Today , given how money , special interest groups and technology , including electronic media , have diseased the entire political process , I believe it 's time we considered some sweeping changes . And I believe those changes should start at the very top -- the president . There are three ways America can make the presidency better equipped to respond to the 21st century world . The first would recognize that the functioning of the federal government is impeded by a president 's bid to run for re-election . So how can we change that ? We start by eliminating second terms . President Obama 's open mic comment , telling Russian President Dmitry Medvedev that he would have "  more flexibility " to discuss missile defense after the November election , was n't as much an appalling gaffe as it was an accurate assessment of the inherent flaw of a two-term system for presidents . In an election year , each time the president goes to Congress with a new initiative it 's inevitably going to be met with partisan grandstanding and resistance . And that 's just one negative byproduct of having two terms for a president . When you think about it , the first year is spent operating under the previous administration 's budget , and part of the third and all of the fourth are spent running for re-election . Essentially we give a new president about 18 months to focus on creating meaningful policies . A good chunk of the rest of the term is spent fundraising . But what if we were to amend the Constitution so that each president gets only one six-year term ? He or she spends five years focused on governing without handwringing over a bid for re-election . The second change : a requirement that no person could be elected president without prior military experience . I 'm OK with GOP candidates questioning Obama 's foreign policy . I 'm not OK with all of this tough talk about Iran , with the risk of starting another war , by Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich , who chose not to serve during the Vietnam War . Military experience does not necessarily mean serving in wartime , and clearly military experience alone does n't guarantee a sharp strategic mind  insert President George W. Bush joke here  . But it just seems logical that if you 're going to be called commander in chief , there should something tangible on your resume to suggest that title has been earned and not handed to you by a super PAC . It was our 34th president , Dwight D. Eisenhower , who said , "  I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can . " When I hear Romney , Gingrich and Rick Santorum speak about Iran , their words are not spoken through the filter of Eisenhower 's insight , but rather shouted arrogantly out of a megaphone at some people who hate Obama . It 's so twisted that the views of the only candidate with military experience , Rep. Ron Paul , are routinely dismissed as being naive by a handful of warmongers who do n't look as if they 've ever thrown a punch in their lives . While I agree with the overall tone Obama has taken in the Middle East , I believe he too would have been better served with military experience . It certainly would have added credibility to his push to overturn the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy as well as his decision on the Afghanistan surge . The third change I would like to see may seem small , but it 's a long overdue amendment : Raise the age of eligibility to run for president from 35 to 45 -- and cap it at 70 . I know , I know , President Reagan was great -- for some -- but we do n't need to be wondering if the person we elect is going to die while in the White House . And since 35 is the new 25 , we definitely do n't need an inexperienced youngster with his or her finger on the button either . We 're living longer and getting married later , so it would only stand to reason that we alter the age window to reflect those changes . And in this same vein , it would also make sense to establish term limits on members of Congress , and cap the amount of money one can spend on elections . If we all take a look around , we 'll see a good chunk of our political process has been kidnapped by career politicians and lobbyists , working to serve each other more than the American people . In order to rescue this process we must do what Jefferson encouraged us to do -- adapt . Change . And I believe such changes should -- no , need to -- start at the top .	LZ Granderson : Thomas Jefferson urged America to keep its government current He says it 's time to update the rules about the American presidency LZ : Presidents should get only one six-year term and should have done military service He says only those between 45 and 70 years old should be eligible to run
CNN Student News  -- April 7 , 2014 Elections in Afghanistan and India headline our Monday edition of CNN Student News . We also report on a possible new lead in the search for a missing passenger plane , and we cover the costs of such a tremendous search effort . And in the month of the Bard 's 450th birthday , we show you how a version of King Lear is helping a group of Syrian refugees . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What do you think is the difference between "  hard news " and a "  feature story " ? Do you think that news programming should include more of one or the other ? Explain . Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . democracy 2 . federal republic 3 . William Shakespeare Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Describe the level of voter turnout for Afghanistan 's national elections . What does one member of the Afghan parliament featured in the video say about election day ? Who has threatened the elections with violence ? What did Afghan officials do to promote security at the polls ? 2 . What country is sometimes called the world 's largest democracy ? What is unique about the elections being held there today ? What kind of government does this country have ? How does it rank among other countries in terms of population ? According to the video , what issues are important there in this year 's elections ? 3 . How does the cost of the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 compare to that of previous missing airplanes ? Where is the money coming from ? How many nations are currently involved in the search ? Which "  big seven " nations are leading the search ? According to the video , about how much is the search costing per month ? 4 . How many plays did William Shakespeare write ? How long ago did he live ? How are people around the world celebrating ? What is unusual about the performance of King Lear shown in the video ? Where do these children live ? What play did they perform ? According to the video , what themes in this play may be especially relevant to the refugee children ? What Syrian city is mentioned in two Shakespeare plays ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that many Afghan voters stood in long lines in the rain and endured threats of violence in order to cast their votes ? What does the right to vote mean to you ? If you were in their position , do you think you would endure long waits and threats of violence in order to cast your ballot ? Why or why not ? 2 . What is your opinion of the cost of the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ? 3 . Have you ever read any of Shakespeare 's plays ? If so , which ones ? What are some of the themes found in his plays ? Why do you think that the young Syrians in the refugee camp chose to perform King Lear ? Why do you think that Shakespeare 's works are still studied and performed more than 400 years after he wrote them ? In your opinion , what characteristics enable some literary works to withstand the test of time ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An Israeli man accused of having 21 wives and fathering 49 children was charged Sunday in a Tel Aviv court with multiple counts of sexual assault , rape , sodomy and enslavement . Goel Ratzon , 60 , was arrested last month . Authorities charge that he lived in a compound with the 21 wives , having convinced them that he was omnipotent . All the wives tattooed Ratzon 's name and picture on their arms and the children 's names are all derivatives of his name , according to the court papers . Ratzon married his first wife in 1972 , added a second wife in the early 1980s , and from 1991 added another 19 wives , according to the indictment . He persuaded the women that he had the power to heal and curse , through which he gained "  complete control of their lives , desires , thoughts , emotions and actions , " the court papers say . Ratzon spoke in court for first time last week , saying he was innocent , that everything was done with consent , and that any women who wished to leave could do so , Israeli media reported . The indictment charges that the defendant "  captured the women in a ` pseudo-family ' structure that revolved around the worship of his image , making the birth of his children a supreme goal that the women must aspire to , and all this was to glorify him while serving and fulfilling all his needs . " Ratzon demanded that his wives and children completely obey all of his orders and has stringent rules and had a penalty system if they disobeyed him , the indictment alleges . He also "  abused his wives by trampling their self-worth and cut them off from any outside social contact including their families , and by this enslaved them to him and his desires , " the court papers say . The indictment includes allegations of rape and sodomy of two of his daughters , sexual assault of another daughter , and rape , assault and sodomy of four other girls . Beyond the mental and physical control Ratzon had over his wives , he effectively controlled all of their finances , the indictment says . The women deposited major chunks of their social security payments and salaries into the family 's account , paid for all of his living expenses and bought him all his property and anything he demanded , authorities charge . Ratzon 's cult has been known to the authorities for about 10 years , they said , but it was only about six months ago they succeeded in convincing one of the women to file a complaint . That brought about his arrest last month . CNN 's Shira Medding contributed to this report .	Goel Ratzon , 60 accused of living with 21 wives Ratzon allegedly controlled women in a cult-like structure Indictment says authorities knew of his cult for 10 years
CNN  -- Syrian security forces in last Friday 's bloody demonstrations blocked wounded protesters from getting medical care , a humanitarian watchdog said on Tuesday , citing witness accounts . The developments occurred in the Syrian cities of Daraa and Harasta , where many casualties occurred as protesters clashed with security forces , Human Rights Watch said . Security forces "  stopped medical personnel and others from reaching wounded protesters " and "  prevented injured protesters from accessing hospitals , " the group said . "  To deprive wounded people of critical and perhaps life-saving medical treatment is both inhumane and illegal , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Human Rights Watch Middle East director . "  Barring people from needed medical care causes grave suffering and perhaps irreparable harm . " One witness in Daraa , in the south near Jordan , said "  the security forces did not allow the ambulances to approach the road to pick up the wounded , and kept shooting when other protesters tried to carry the wounded away . " Another witness said he saw three people struck by bullets and carried into the Omari mosque , where he saw about 10 wounded protesters , "  three of whom died from their wounds while he was still in the mosque . " "  People were lying on the floor  of the Omari mosque  , all over the place , and there were a couple of doctors and nurses , and also local women struggling to help the injured . But they could not do much -- they only had the basic supplies brought from the local pharmacies ; the hospitals were blocked by the security forces and it was impossible to bring the necessary equipment or supplies into the mosque . Several people with serious injuries were dying , and there was nothing we could do to help them , " the witness said . In Harasta , near Damascus , witnesses gave accounts of security forces "  firing on protesters seeking to help the wounded . " Two doctors who treated the wounded told Human Rights Watch "  that it was impossible to bring the injured into the hospital because it was surrounded by the security forces . " "  I was in the hospital in the afternoon , when I started getting calls from people asking for help . I knew people could not bring the wounded in -- the hospital was surrounded by the security personnel . We also could n't send an ambulance , fearing the security forces would open fire , as happened in other places , " one of the doctors said . "  I rushed out and went to private homes where the rescuers brought the wounded . I could not take any major supplies or tools ; only the most basic things . The injuries were serious and we had nothing to work with -- in one case , we had to probe a wound with a metal spoon to see how deep the bullet went . " The family of an injured protester tried to get treatment for the victim at a military hospital , but were rebuffed because civilians could n't get treatment there . Security at a civilian hospital said only service members and not wounded civilians could get treatment . Protests started in Syria more than three weeks ago , erupting in Daraa and then spreading to other cities . The Syrian government , which says it is working to respond to citizen grievances , blames foreigners and instigators for infiltrating peaceful demonstrations and feeding violent confrontations . But Syrian activists say government forces are violently suppressing their peaceful demonstrations , using tear gas and live fire against unarmed civilians , raiding homes , and making dozens of arrests . The violence has alarmed the international community . The British Foreign Office on Tuesday is now advising "  against all but essential travel " to Syria as a result of the country 's "  deteriorating security situation . " Syria 's leaders talk about political reform , but they meet their people 's legitimate demands for reform with bullets , " said Whitson . "  They accuse the protesters of inciting divisions in Syria 's society , but the violence of their security forces is what is harming Syria the most . " The National Organization for Human Rights in Syria , an activist group , said there were 37 demonstrators killed across the country on Friday , including 30 in Daraa province , four in Damascus province and three in Homs province . Human Rights Watch said it "  confirmed that at least 28 people were killed " in protests on Friday -- 27 in Daraa and one in Douma . It said it could n't get "  reliable information " about casualties during protests in other towns . Syria said 19 security forces were killed in Daraa on Friday and dozens of others were injured in violence caused by "  armed groups " firing at citizens and "  unarmed security forces . "	The incidents in question occurred in Daraa and Harasta Witnesses spoke to Human Rights Watch One wound was probed with a metal spoon
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  More than 50 people were killed and scores wounded in a series of suicide bombings in northern Nigeria on Saturday , witnesses and authorities told CNN . The blasts occurred in Maiduguri , the capital of the tumultuous Borno state , at the city 's main market , a fish market and a bus station . Four suicide bombers -- three women and a man -- carried out the attacks , according to witnesses . No group immediately claimed responsibility for the bloodshed . But the Islamist extremist group Boko Haram has been behind many similar attacks in northern Nigeria and beyond , killing hundreds in recent months as part of its terrorist campaign to bring its twisted version of Sharia law to the region . Clement Adoda , a Borno state police spokesman , said at least 54 people were killed and another 139 wounded in the suicide attacks . Suleiman Bulunkutu said he and others involved in the rescue operation had taken about 50 bodies to the Maiduguri General Hospital morgue . "  This toll does n't include those taken to three other hospitals , " Bulunkutu said . "  Therefore , the final  death  toll may be higher . " In the first blast , a woman dressed in a hijab got off a motorized rickshaw and blew herself up outside the Baga Road fish market around 11:20 a.m.  5:20 a.m. ET  , fish trader Mohammed Boni said . The next attack took place about an hour later outside Monday Market , the main one in the city , where people were lined up to go through security . Those measures -- in which people are checked for explosives and guns -- were set up because of the spate of Boko Haram attacks in the city and region . Two women joined the female security line , one of whom "  blew herself up , causing minimal casualty , " said witness Abdulkarim Musa . Then , as people gathered to help , the second woman detonated her explosives , said Musa , who was waiting outside the market in the male security line . The third attack occurred at a bus station . "  He came in our midst near the bus station and pressed a remote device he was holding in his hand , " a wounded survivor who requested anonymity for his personal safety said from Maiduguri General Hospital . Such attacks , sadly , are nothing new for Borno State , one of those hit hardest by Boko Haram and the Nigerian military 's campaign to stop them . The terrorist group has not only bombed crowded markets but attacked churches and mosques , raided villages , and kidnapped people young and old -- most famously the more than 200 girls taken last April from a school in Chibok .	Police official : At least 54 are killed and 139 wounded 3 of the 4 suicide bombers were females , witnesses say The attack happened in a region terrorized by Boko Haram
CNN  -- Three California Marines have been charged with marrying for financial gain , accused of manipulating the military 's off-base housing program so a lesbian couple could live together , according to a woman at the center of the case . Marine Cpl. Ashley Vice says she and two others have been charged with conspiracy , making false official statements , fraud and adultery for allegedly marrying to collect thousands in financial assistance offered by the military to heterosexual married couples . "  The bottom line is that every Marine knows if they violate the law , they will be held accountable for their actions , " 1st Lt. Maureen Dooley , a Marine spokeswoman at Camp Pendleton , told CNN . "  Regardless of sexual preference , we will hold all Marines accountable to the same standards . " Dooley would not release details about the case , saying the "  investigation is ongoing . " Vice told CNN affiliate KGTV in San Diego that she wanted to live off base with her girlfriend , Jaime Murphy , as a couple . Murphy is a civilian . But on her salary , she could n't afford it . So she says she found a Marine , Jeremiah Griffin , who agreed to marry her so she could receive the $ 1,200 per month living stipend the Marine Corps gives to married couples living off base . A year and a half later , Murphy did the same thing and married Marine Joseph Garner , Vice and Murphy told KGTV , according to footage that aired Thursday . Vice said she was questioned by the Marine Corps about the living arrangements . "  I honestly did n't even try to hide it , " she said . "  I just said this is what 's going on . They asked me who Jaime is ... I told them . " The three Marines are accused of pocketing about $ 75,000 . "  There 's no conspiracy here , " Murphy told KGTV . "  There 's no trying to steal from anybody . We just wanted to be together and she wanted to serve her country . " Vice and the two others face up to a year in prison if convicted on all counts . They also face the possibility of a dishonorable discharge , a reduction in rank and forfeiture of all pay .	Marine Cpl. Ashley Vice : "  I honestly did n't even try to hide it " Vice says she is a lesbian who married a straight Marine for the money She says she did it so she could get financial assistance offered by the military The financial assistance is only offered to heterosexual couples
CNN  -- Of the two of us , Linda is the fan of professional football . And every football fan realizes football games are extremely violent . We are both also feminists . And every feminist knows the women 's movement denounces all forms of violence . For a woman who is a football fan , this can be hard to reconcile . So it was surprising to turn on the TV and find these opposing mindsets coexisting on the football field : Tough , hyper-masculine football players were wearing pink , a color associated with women and girls , femininity -- and sometimes vulnerability -- and also widely known to represent breast cancer . Who could not be delighted , at first , to see such an apparent break in gender stereotypes ? The NFL , it seems , has officially teamed up with the American Cancer Society with the "  A Crucial Catch " campaign throughout October to fundraise and spread awareness about breast cancer . The campaign encourages women to get mammograms annually  even though the current state of knowledge is that screening benefits fewer and harms more women than once believed  . Does anyone doubt that the NFL 's support of breast cancer awareness is mainly a strategy designed to give the impression that the NFL cares about women , and generate more female football fans ? After all , from a public relations perspective , the pink ribbon is worth its weight in gold . Breast cancer has been the cause of choice for corporate marketers for almost two decades , sure to draw a crowd and profits . But there is another women 's issue , domestic violence , that touches many women and men , some of whom are professional football players . This , too , is an issue that would resonate with fans . And as it happens , "  Pinkotober " is also Domestic Violence Awareness Month . Might the NFL throw the power of its brand behind this problem ? It would be a profound gesture from a perfect pulpit . After all , the most recent high-profile discussions in America about domestic violence have centered on the violent actions of Ray Rice , Baltimore Ravens ' running back , who was suspended from play when a video was released showing him punching and knocking out his future wife . But Rice is by no means the only professional football player identified as a batterer . Even in very recent NFL history , again and again other star players have been implicated in violence in their personal lives , including Vikings running back Adrian Peterson ; San Francisco 49ers ' defensive end Ray McDonald , who was arrested last weekend on felony domestic violence charges ; and Denver Broncos ' wide receiver Rod Smith , to name only a few . The incidence of intimate partner abuse in the United States is alarmingly high : One out of three women experiences this kind of violence , according to the American Psychological Association and World Health Organization . Since this violence is committed primarily by men , it can accurately be described as a men 's issue , too . Think of the impact of having a bastion of hyper-masculinity , like the NFL , shining a light on it . Of course the NFL has long been reluctant to focus on domestic violence . Even a recent set of PSA 's on the issue have been late in coming , short in duration and far from enough . Indeed , the league has repeatedly avoided , minimized and downplayed players ' aggression on and off the field , responding only when negative press refuses to die down -- as in NFL commissioner Roger Goodell 's finally admitting , weeks after revelations about the Ray Rice abuse incident , that he 'd handled it poorly . ESPN 's live feed of Goodell 's remarks revealed a stream of Twitter comments from players themselves who found his mea culpa to be pointless . This avoidance may be an attempt to manage public opinion . It might also be based in something psychologists call a shield of denial . Simply speaking , denial is necessary for effective human functioning , to provide psychological protection from thoughts and feelings , such as the prospect of death , too devastating to contemplate for prolonged periods . Shielding oneself in denial enables a person to get on with life , or with the game or the season . There is nothing unusual about this human process ; people prefer to feel good , not bad . But there are moments when it 's important , even necessary , to examine individual and cultural ideas instead of denying them . The painful truth about domestic violence is that it is harmful and terrifying and forces individuals to face an agonizing reality . Under a shield of denial , people predictably avoid the emotional pain of realizing that domestic violence is going on all around us , including in the NFL itself . But by staying shielded , by not speaking out against men 's violence against women , we quietly accept it . This is untenable . There is a purple ribbon to denote Domestic Violence Awareness , but there is no ubiquitous ribbon culture to gather around . The NFL can help . For the NFL to show it is serious about supporting women , why not lower the shield of denial about domestic violence and put the issue out there before the fans ?	Gayle Sulik , Linda Rubin : NFL observing Breast Cancer Awareness in October Writers : NFL wants to draw women ; why not mark Domestic Violence Awareness month ? NFL has had high-profile abuse cases ; intimate partner violence ubiquitous in U.S. , they say Writers : NFL in denial on domestic abuse . It could do good to publicly take up cause
CNN  -- Researchers with a Malaysian university said they have uncovered evidence of an iron industry that dates to the 3rd Century , A.D. , and proves that ancient civilizations in Southeast Asia were more advanced than once thought . The archaeologists from the Universiti Sains Malaysia found the remains of an iron smelting site , tools to pump oxygen into the iron smelting process , rooftops of buildings , beads and pots , said Mokhtar Saidan , a professor and leader of the team . The discovery was made after a month of excavation at Lembah Bujang , a historical site in Malaysia . "  This is the first discovery of the earliest iron industry in Lembah Bujang and has been dated conclusively . This date also adds on to the facts and data on the early history of Southeast Asia , " he said . He said coal from the site was sent to a laboratory in Florida that said elements in the coal dated to the 3rd Century . The professor said the discovery confirms that human civilization in the area was more advanced than thought and the site probably was a place for exporting iron in the 3rd Century .	Researchers uncover evidence of Malaysian iron industry dating to 3rd Century Proves ancient civilizations in Southeast Asia more advanced than thought Discovery was made after a month of excavation at Lembah Bujang
New York  CNN  -- Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law was found guilty Wednesday in New York of helping al Qaeda terrorists conspire to kill Americans and providing material support to terrorists . Federal prosecutors said at Sulaiman Abu Ghaith 's trial that the Kuwaiti cleric played a crucial role as the organization 's principal mouthpiece and recruiter , helping "  restore al Qaeda 's trove of new terrorists " as deadly missions turned its members into martyrs . Abu Ghaith , wearing a dark suit , displayed no reaction as the verdict from an anonymous jury of nine women and three men was read . The jury deliberated about 5 1/2 hours . As the defendant was being escorted out the packed courtroom , there was a slight smile on his face . "  A jury unanimously found that Sulaiman Abu Ghayth not only conspired to provide , and actually provided , material support to al Qaeda , but also conspired to kill Americans , " Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a prepared statement . "  He was more than just Usama bin Laden 's propaganda minister . Within hours after the devastating 9/11 attacks , Abu Ghayth was using his position in al Qaeda 's homicidal hierarchy to persuade others to pledge themselves to al Qaeda in the cause of murdering more Americans . " Abu Ghaith 's attorney , Stan Cohen , described his client as stoic and at peace . "  He has confidence this is not the end , but the beginning , " said Cohen , adding that the defense was confident about an appeal . Abu Ghaith , 48 , faces life in prison at sentencing on September 8 . The government did not allege that Abu Ghaith served an operational function or had a direct hand in carrying out the attacks . Bharara added : "  Like the others who have faced terrorism charges in Manhattan 's federal courthouse before him , Abu Ghayth received a fair trial , after which a unanimous jury rendered its verdict , justly holding him accountable for his crimes . We hope this verdict brings some small measure of comfort to the families of the victims of al Qaeda 's murderous designs . " In a statement , George Venizelos , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's New York field office , likened Abu Ghaith to "  a consigliere for the mob or the chief of staff to a corrupt foreign leader " and said he was a "  spokesman , confidant and senior adviser " to bin Laden 's organization . Abu Ghaith "  looked to better al Qaeda 's reputation at every turn , offering advice and counsel to the organization 's senior leadership . He encouraged others to abandon the true tenets of their faith , swearing bayat to the twisted ideology of al Qaeda , " Venizelos said , using the Islamic word for allegiance . The trial was held blocks from the site of Manhattan 's World Trade Center , and several survivors of the attacks and family members of victims attended . "  Without people like him , al Qaeda dies with every suicide attack , " Assistant U.S. Attorney John Cronan said in his closing argument Monday . Abu Ghaith testified last week that he never joined the ranks of al Qaeda and assisted bin Laden only as a speaker on spiritual topics . Known in the Persian Gulf region as a religious scholar and fiery orator , Abu Ghaith met the al Qaeda leader in Afghanistan in June 2001 , according to testimony . He denied advance knowledge of the 9/11 attacks but said he 'd heard talk that "  something big " was about to happen . He moved his family from Afghanistan to Kuwait days before the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York 's World Trade Center and the Pentagon . Just after the attacks , the al Qaeda leader summoned Abu Ghaith to his remote mountain hiding place and asked him to help "  deliver a message to the world " on the organization 's behalf , the religious scholar testified . After his arrest last year in Jordan , activists and legislators sparred over where to try Abu Ghaith , with some calling for the case to be heard in a military courtroom at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Instead , the trial took place amid extra security measures in U.S. District Court in Manhattan . The jury watched several videos produced after the meeting with the al Qaeda leader , of Abu Ghaith making passionate calls for further attacks on Americans , flanked by bin Laden on one side and an AK-47 rifle on the other . He called for fellow Muslims to "  terrorize the infidels " and vowed the "  storm of airplanes will not abate , " a phrase he said on the stand was given to him in "  bullet points " provided by bin Laden for the speeches . Cohen , the defense attorney , accused prosecutors of using 9/11 imagery in lieu of evidence of his client 's guilt and told the jurors Monday he counted 172 references to bin Laden and 9/11 in the first half of the prosecution 's closing argument . "  It was intended to sweep you away in anguish and pain and to ask for retaliation . It was intended to make you look away from the evidence , " Cohen told the panel . He said none of the government 's witnesses conclusively tied his client to terrorism-related activities , including a terrorism specialist with the FBI and two cooperating former al Qaeda members . CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Lawrence Crook III contributed to this report .	Sulaiman Abu Ghaith was found guilty of conspiring to kill Americans He aided al Qaeda as its main spokesman , prosecutor says But nothing ties Abu Ghaith to terrorism , his defense attorney counters Kuwaiti cleric faces life in prison at sentencing on September 8 .
CNN  -- There are dueling narratives in the death of Michael Brown : one says he was holding his hands up in surrender as officer Darren Wilson shot him , and the other says Brown was the aggressor , and Wilson shot as Brown was rushing toward him . Investigators will certainly use high-tech tools to try to get to the truth , but they 'll also use a tool as old as the ancient Greeks : the autopsy . Three autopsies have been done on Brown 's body : one by St. Louis County ; one privately commissioned by the family and one performed Monday by medical examiners from the U.S. military . Detailed findings in the private autopsy -- but not from the other two -- have been released . Based on the circumstances of the case , here are three areas the pathologists likely gave close scrutiny . 1 . Signs of struggle A friend of Wilson 's called into a St. Louis radio show to say that Brown "  bum rushed " Wilson and punched him in the face . CNN confirmed that account matches the one Wilson told authorities . But lawyers for the Brown family say the autopsy they commissioned showed no signs of struggle . To look for signs of struggle , pathologists pay special attention to the hands , forearms , feet and shins , looking for signs of abrasions , cuts and bruises . A bruise on the knuckles might indicate the deceased threw a punch , but a bruise would only show up if the punch was pretty hard , according to Dr. Pat Ross , a forensic pathologist in Newberry , South Carolina . And it would be hard to tell whether the bruise was from a fight with Wilson or from something else . "  You really ca n't date a bruise exactly , " Ross said . "  It may have happened two hours ago or five days ago . " Pathologists also look for another person 's DNA under the fingernails to help determine whether the deceased person would have scratched the other person during a struggle . 2 . The bullet wound at the top of Brown 's head The family-commissioned autopsy showed Brown was shot at the top of his head . "  That bullet went in there and came out near the eye area , " family lawyer Daryl Parks said at a press conference . "  It supports what the witnesses said about him trying to surrender to the officer . His head was in a downward position . " Ross said it 's possible Brown was surrendering , but he might have been bent over for other reasons , too : he might have been crouching to dodge bullets or he might have been slumped over because he was weak from his wounds , or he might have been making an attempt to rush at Wilson with his head down . Brown was shot at least six times , all to the front of his body , according to the preliminary results of this autopsy . Four bullets went into his right arm , and he was shot twice in the head . 3 . Gunshot residue Wilson 's friend who called into the radio show said that during the fight inside the officer 's car , both men grabbed for the officer 's gun and it went off . Dr. Michael Baden , the forensic pathologist hired by the Brown family , said there was no gunshot residue on Brown 's skin surface , so at the time the gun went off it was at least a foot or two away . But he added that his team had n't had the opportunity to examine Brown 's clothing , which might have filtered out any gunshot residue . ` An autopsy is a snapshot ' One crucial question an autopsy alone ca n't answer is whether someone was standing still when he was shot or was moving toward the shooter -- and if he was moving at what speed . "  An autopsy is a snapshot , " said Dr. Eric Mitchell , a forensic pathologist in Kansas City , Kansas . "  And like a snapshot of a ball in midair , you ca n't tell if it 's going up or coming down , or how fast it 's going up or down . " To answer that question , more details from the investigation are needed . "  It 's uncommon for an autopsy to give you all your answers , " Mitchell added -- even though crime shows on TV often make it look like autopsies answer all questions with illuminating "  aha " moments . "  My mother-in law-loves those shows , so I 've been forced to watch them , but that 's just hokum , " he said . CNN 's John Bonifield and Matthew Stucker contributed to this story .	Three autopsies have been conducted in Michael Brown 's death Pathologists looking at signs of struggle , wounds and gunpowder Autopsies can provide valuable information to investigators But it 's uncommon for them to provide all the answers , expert says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Last year , downtown Atlanta lost a convention to another Southern city because the visiting group perceived the other city as "  greener " than Atlanta . The loss propelled Holly Elmore into action . Hotel food waste is diverted from Atlanta landfills , turned into compost soil , which is then sold to urban gardens . "  Environmental practices are fast becoming a strong consideration in business decisions , " explains the Green Foodservice Alliance founder . Elmore teamed up with Atlanta Recycles and Laura Turner Seydel -- eco-awareness consultant and an Atlanta native -- to create the South 's first Zero Waste Zone . First stop : The downtown Atlanta convention district , where the EPA estimates hundreds of thousands of tons of "  waste " are sent to landfills -- "  waste " that could be recycled into reusable products . If it grows , it goes In 2008 , the Hyatt Regency Atlanta served an average of 8,143 meals per week , a total of 423,433 meals in a single year . Imagine the "  waste " that was sent to rot and pollute the overflowing landfill . Watch how the project saves landfill space and grows food " The hotel already recycled common goods such as plastic and glass , but now every little bit that is able to be reused , is . The food residuals are organic matter that when sent to landfills actually formed into dangerous greenhouse gases . Now that the Hyatt is part of the ZWZ , an estimated 928,000 pounds of residual food product will be diverted from the landfill and instead be turned into valuable compost . Every single plate returning from the dining area is scraped clean into the compost containers -- berries , salad , meat and bones -- everything . Excess food , in accordance with the Good Samaritan Food Donation Act , is donated to the Atlanta Community Food Bank , which aids in feeding the city 's hungry . Even spent grease from frying is captured in bins and then suction-collected and turned into bio-fuel . The full circle effect Grease into gas . The grease is transformed into commercially available biodiesel fuel , now selling for $ 2.29 a gallon at a pump for any engine that runs on diesel . "  We use only locally collected used fryer oils ... By sourcing this way , we avoid issues related to the food versus fuel debate , and issues surrounding land use change and deforestation ... we make a local fuel in the most sustainable way , " explains Refuel Biodiesel program manager Robert Del Bueno . With Chick-fil-a and Emory University , Del Bueno 's group collects their fryer oils , converts them into biodiesel and supplies the biodiesel back to them for use in their produce trucks and bus fleets . Crumbs , compost , cabbage . Greenco Environmental collects the residual food from places like the Hyatt and blends that with wood and yard "  waste " from tree companies , landscapers and municipalities . After 90 days , a high-quality organic compost is ready for landscapers , farmers and gardeners to fertilize their soil . "  We are running out of room on our planet with the amount of waste we produce , " says Tim Lesko , founder and president of Greenco Environmental . "  Paper and food waste are the highest proportion of garbage in our landfills , and food waste composting is the next step in recycling in the U.S. " "  Due to land clearing , development and erosion , our soils have been stripped of their natural , beneficial nutrients , " Lesko explains . Compost added to soil replenishes the nutrients and promotes plant growth . "  Adding compost to the soil dramatically increases its ability to hold water , aiding in water conservation , " he adds . Eco-friendly Daron "  Farmer D " Joffe then buys this soil and uses it in his urban gardens and at his Organic Garden Center . Farmer D believes "  good compost is an essential ingredient in organic gardening , as it rapidly improves the structure and vitality of the soil , thus increasing the health of the plants growing there , making them more resistant to disease , drought and pests . " "  Organic gardening helps foster healthy soils , clean water and nutritious food , " he says . Farmer D closes the circle : "  If more people grew their own food and ate locally , it would greatly reduce the amount of fuel , chemicals and energy that are exhausted to put food on the table , while keeping money in the local economy and improving the quality of life for everyone . " Money does grow on trees There also are direct financial benefits for Zero Waste Zone participants . "  In addition to our commitment to responsible , sustainable practices , recycling is just good business . Increasingly , our customers share our commitment to sustainability , and demand these efforts from the hotels where they choose to stay , " says Randall Childers , senior director of engineering at the Hyatt Regency Atlanta . "  The economics of recycling are also good , with most of these efforts representing cost savings to our operation , or at least are cost-neutral . With respect to our food waste recycling , we expect to save $ 8,000 this year , " Childers says . Reduce , reuse , recycle Georgians dispose of more than 17 million tons of solid waste in municipal solid waste landfills per year , according to the Georgia Environmental Protection Division . Recoverable products  paper , organics , and plastics  make up 82 percent of the recyclable materials disposed in landfills , says the Georgia Department of Community Affairs . With the ZWZ , these tons of perfectly reusable products are effectively being recycled . What 's next ? Holly Elmore and the ZWZ crew hope to expand the program across the state and nation soon with the strong support of the federal Environmental Protection Agency .	Hotel now turns food scraps into compost rather than sending them to landfill Spent grease from frying is converted into biodiesel , used in vehicles "  We are running out of room on our planet " for waste Zero Waste Zone sees tons of perfectly reusable products effectively recycled
CNN  -- Like many things in life , it 's going to get worse before it gets better . That lardy layer of humid , sticky heat oozing over the Northeast and Midwest is getting hotter and spreading out Thursday . But cooling rain will wash it away in some places in the evening . The worst of it started out on the National Weather Service map as bright orange spots over parts of New England and Michigan this week . The spots have grown nearly together like a bad rash , forming a seething blotch from Massachusetts to South Dakota . Temperatures above 90 degrees will combine with roughly 100 % humidity to put heat indexes -- how hot it feels -- in the 100s . New York City is expected to have a heat index of 103 Thursday . Hartford , Connecticut , along with Detroit and Baltimore , are expected to hit 105 , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . "  What makes heat so dangerous is not just the maximum temperature for one day , but how long the heat wave lasts , " she said . "  New York City is in its fifth day , and we 're not over with it yet . " The temperatures are above normal for what is already one of the hottest times of the year , she said . A cold front from Canada will work its way south , bringing some temperature relief to the Midwest on Friday and to the Northeast on Saturday , but also bringing severe storms , CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen said . Sweltering conditions The heat has already caused problems in major cities this week . Thousands of people were stuck in a commuter train in rush hour Wednesday as they headed out of Manhattan to Long island , New York . In Detroit , some schools are closed for the rest of the week . "  Daily Show " reporter John Oliver summed up the misery with a joke : "  On my way to work this morning , I saw a squirrel stab a pigeon over a piece of ice . " Health dangers Extreme heat causes more deaths than all other extreme weather conditions , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says . It killed over 8,000 people between 1979 and 2003 , more than "  hurricanes , lightning , tornadoes , floods , and earthquakes combined . " From 1999 to 2009 , there was an annual average of 658 heat-related deaths in the country , the CDC says . At least six people have died this summer in the Northeast , health officials in Maryland and New York state reported . A elderly man in Kentucky found dead this week after he wandered away from his home passed away from heat exhaustion , a local coroner 's office said Thursday . The hot weather is of particular concern for children , the elderly and people with heart and lung conditions , as air quality plummets while ozone levels soar . Officials advise everyone to stay cool and drink plenty of water . Letting off some steam Some people could find no relief from the heat and took their complaints to social media . "  Melting . Way too hot in this place to sleep , " tweeted Morgan Sable from Ontario . Twitter user @annielaa2 in Pennsylvania did n't have air conditioning Wednesday and turned a fan on herself and her cat . "  Getting hot air blown in your face really does n't help , " she tweeted . From Toronto to Indianapolis , many people chose not to hide indoors in front of the air conditioner and opted for water instead , flocking to beaches , pools , fountains and splash parks . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Leslie Bentz , Sunlen Miller and Laura Ly contributed to this report .	NEW : Heat exhaustion kills man in Kentucky The longer the heat wave lasts , the greater the dangers , meteorologist says Severe storms are expected Friday in the Midwest , Saturday in the Northeast Heat indexes are expected to hit 105 in some cities Thursday
CNN  -- A pregnant bartender says she is fighting to keep her job at a gentlemen 's club in New York . Jennifer Paviglianiti , of Centereach , N.Y. , claims her employer , Caf Royale , discriminated against her because of her pregnancy . She filed a claim with the EEOC earlier this month . Paviglianiti says she feared how her boss would react to her pregnancy and wanted to wait a few months to tell him . However , John Doxey found out before she could tell him , and that 's when Paviglianiti claims her job became threatened . Up until she became pregnant , the 29-year-old says she had been one of the club 's most popular bartenders . Read the complaint She says she "  bonused 9 times " since August and it was only toward the end of her pregnancy that she asked for different hours . Due to the tough economy , Paviglianiti says she needed this specific bartending job and feared she 'd soon be out of work . To protect herself , she decided to secretly record her boss on tape . On those recordings Doxey can be heard saying , "  Customers do n't wan na come in and see a pregnant woman behind the bar ! " These recordings were also submitted in her EEOC discrimination claim . In other recordings , Doxey is heard suggesting that Paviglianiti 's appearance is hurting business . "  Maybe they do n't go there because the bartender is pregnant and does n't look sexy . " Workplace attorney Robin Bond said it 's within Doxey 's right to do this if employees were informed that they had to maintain a specific "  sexy look " to qualify for the job . In this case , that means Paviglianiti would have had to be hired as a "  model and a bartender " and get a written agreement to this -- as is done in the casino industry , Bond said on HLN Prime News with Mike Galanos . When asked by Galanos if she signed any paperwork of that sort , Paviglianiti said , "  not at all ... nothing . " Paviglianiti was taken off the bartending schedule for a few weeks , during which she hired an attorney . She later returned to the club as a cashier but claims she made much less than she did as a bartender . However , Doxey 's attorney says this proves she was never fired and her job duties were only adjusted to accommodate her pregnancy . "  My client declines to comment on pending legal action except to say it considers that Ms. Paviglianiti allegations are without merit , " attorney Robert F. Milman said in a statement . "  Ms. Paviglianiti was not terminated from her employment , she presently is on maternity leave and she has the right to return to work upon the conclusion of her leave . " Paviglianiti is due to have a baby girl this week .	Jennifer Paviglianiti says boss reduced hours , put her on cashier because of pregnancy In EEOC complaint , Paviglianiti , 29 , says she is making less money because of demotion "  Maybe -LSB- customers -RSB- do n't go there because the bartender is pregnant , " boss says in recording Boss ' attorney says her job duties were adjusted to accommodate her pregnancy
CNN  -- There was a major shock on the second day of the Royal Ascot meeting when Irish horse So You Think , rated as one of the bankers of the week , was turned over in the feature Group One Prince of Wales 's Stakes . Tuesday 's opening day of England 's premier Flat racing fixture saw the top three-year-old , Frankel , justify his odds-on favoritsm with an impresive win in the St James 's Palace Stakes -- and So You Think was expected to follow suit at odds of 4-11 . However , the five-year-old , hyped up by his usually reserved trainer Aidan O'Brien as one of the best horses he has ever trained , was caught on the line at the end of the 1.25 mile contest by 17-2 chance Rewilding , given a superb driving ride by charismatic Italian jockey Frankie Dettori . Royal Ascot : 300 years of horses , hats and high society Dettori told reporters : "  I have to say the second never gave up . It was a tremendous gallop between two great horses -- and when I got past him it was sheer joy . " Meanwhile , O'Brien believed he had made a mistake in his horse 's preparation , saying : "  I will take responsibility for this defeat personally . "  After he won his first two races so easily I had gone easy on him . I think it was a trainer error , " he added . "  I did n't have him fit enough for this kind of race and he 's given a good blow afterwards . I would think there 's improvement to come . " Wednesday proved a disastrous day for the punters , with bookmakers coming out on top . Not one winning favorite triumphed , with two 11-1 shots and two 12-1 chances coming out on top . Irish jockey Richard Hughes collecting the riding honors on the day , taking the opening Jersey Stakes on Strong Suit  11-1  before booting home Best Terms to win the Queen Mary Stakes at 12-1 .	Irish horse So You Think suffers a shock defeat on second day of Royal Ascot The 4-11 chance is caught on the line in Prince of Wales 's Stakes by Rewilding The first day of Royal Ascot saw English wonder-horse Frankel claim victory
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Al Qaeda is the strongest it has been since the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , a new U.S. government analysis concludes , according to a senior government official who has seen it . A Pakistani soldier mans a bunker near the Afghan border in a tribal area of Pakistan . Despite a campaign of military action and counterterrorism operations , al Qaeda has regained its strength and found safe haven in the tribal areas of Pakistan , the report says , according to counterterrorism officials familiar with the report . The five-page intelligence analysis remains classified and was prepared for senior U.S. policymakers . It was not issued in response to a specific threat . Two intelligence officials said the report 's finding are similar to what is expected to be in the National Intelligence Estimate anticipated to be released later this summer . The NIE is the intelligence community 's collective analysis of pressing national security issues . The White House 's view is that "  over the past six years , we have prevented attacks from al Qaeda by taking the fight to them , " a senior administration official said . "  But they are an enemy that adapts . " This new report backs up warnings by Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff and other officials that al Qaeda remains a serious threat and that the United States is vulnerable despite the numerous security changes made since September 11 , 2001 . Watch Chertoff explain his "  gut feeling " " Chertoff said Wednesday , however , that there is no "  specific , credible information " that terrorist attacks on the United States are imminent . In a House Armed Services Committee hearing Wednesday , several senior intelligence officials talked about how the terrorist group has found refuge in parts of Pakistan . "  We actually see the al Qaeda central being resurgent in their role in planning operations , " John Kringen , head of the CIA 's intelligence directorate , testified at the hearing Wednesday . "  They seem to be fairly well settled into the safe haven in the ungoverned spaces of Pakistan there . We see more training . We see more money . We see more communications . " Thomas Fingar , deputy director of national intelligence , told lawmakers that al Qaeda leaders hiding in Pakistan are able to maintain relationships "  with affiliates throughout the Middle East , North and East Africa and Europe . " In a statement , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said it was no surprise al Qaeda has been able to reorganize and rebuild "  given President Bush 's stubborn dedication to keeping our overextended military mired in an Iraqi civil war . " "  It is a travesty that Osama bin Laden remains at large nearly six years after the 9/11 attacks and appears to have found new sanctuary to operate freely in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border regions , " Reid said . "  The Bush administration and most congressional Republicans would rather stubbornly stick with a flawed strategy and fight a war that senior military leaders say can not be won militarily , than adapt to fighting the enemy who attacked us six years ago . " In recent weeks , counterterrorism authorities have expressed concern about the possibility of another attack on U.S. soil , saying several factors , such as the thwarted terror plots in Britain , have them on edge . The FBI has created a small group of agents and analysts to examine new threats and leads over the summer , a bureau official told CNN . The group , which was created several weeks ago , is supplementing what agents and others are also doing in field offices across the country and is an example of how the government is trying to make sure no credible lead is missed , the official said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Carol Cratty , Kevin Bohn and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Despite counterterrorism efforts , al Qaeda has regained strength , report says Report says al Qaeda has found a safe haven in the tribal areas of Pakistan Sen. Harry Reid : It 's no surprise al Qaeda has been able to reorganize FBI has created a group of agents , analysts to examine new threats
CNN  -- Legend has it that when the surrealist painter Salvador Dali had to pay for an expensive restaurant meal he would twizzle his famous mustache and arch his eyebrows before beguiling his host into letting him dine for free . The crafty Catalan , it is said , would write out a check for the required amount and sign on the dotted line . Just before handing the payment over , however , he would pull the piece of paper back and pen an elaborate doodle on the opposite side . "  An original from the master Dali . I will never cash this check , " would inevitably be the reply from the starstruck restaurant owner thrilled to be gifted an artwork that would doubtless be of greater value than the amount on the check itself . By perfecting the magic checkbook technique , Dali would rarely , if ever , have to pay for his dining habits . People might not hoard the recently revealed 100 Norwegian Krone  $ 15  banknote in the same manner -- but it too is a work of art in its own right . On one side , a giant viking boat makes progress upon a tranquil sea , sails blowing in full glory . On the other , an abstract interpretation of a pixelated ocean ebbs and flows like a game of watery Tetris . Norges Bank , the Norwegian central bank , held a competition to design the front and back of the new note , which will come into circulation in 2017 . The winning designs , announced earlier in October , were submitted by Norwegian graphic designers The Metric System -- Terje Tonnessen and Snohetto . According to Norges Bank , the winning designs display "  artistic flair " that emphasize Norway 's close relationship with the sea , but are also "  suited to the incorporation of necessary security elements . " These will include machine-readable elements and anti-counterfeiting measures . Such high-tech accoutrements are now a common feature of the most modern banknotes . But art , the aesthetic and items of cultural significance are also a major consideration when designing the latest money . According to the curator of the British Museum 's Modern Money Collection , Thomas Hockenhull , the art by itself is n't a particularly reliable security feature given the "  advancement of scanning and printing technology . " "  Those are maintained primarily to preserve public confidence in the note , " Hockenhull said . But , he added , when combined with complex measures like watermarks , moving color elements and the latest in polymer and paper technology , a detailed image can make forgery more difficult . The Bank of Canada has produced bills in recent years that illustrate this elaborate synergy . Holographic and transparent features accompany state-of-the-art calligraphy that officials claim is nearly impossible to duplicate . Instead of using paper , the newest Canadian notes are made from a polypropylene substrate and feature a large transparent window through which you can see a metallic portrait above a metallic building . Beneath the portrait the word "  Canada " is also transparent and is slightly raised . Other security features include a smaller frosted window with a maple leaf design , which has a transparent outline and contains hidden numbers only visible when lit up with a small light . Similar plastic and transparent elements can be found on the latest colorful currency from the likes of Guatemala , Australia and Nicaragua , Chile and Malaysia . The United States and United Kingdom , meanwhile , are at the forefront of the most complex paper currencies out there , Hockenhull said . The new British # 50 note includes raised ink , contains a metallic thread embedded in the paper , and has a number "  50 " that appears in red and green under ultraviolet light . Among other features , the newest U.S. $ 100 bill has a 3-D blue ribbon woven into the paper , next to Benjamin Franklin 's face . When the note is tilted , images of bells and the number 100 move from side to side , and up and down . The bill also has raised print , a color-changing number 100 in its bottom right corner , and microprinted text on Franklin 's collar -- all carefully incorporated to make forgery more difficult . But complex though these designs may be , to our knowledge , a method to counter Dali 's magic checkbook has yet to be devised . Look through the gallery at the top of the page to view some of the best examples of banknotes that mix the aesthetic and the latest in anti-counterfeiting measures .	Latest Norwegian banknotes will incorporate complex artwork and designs Designs chosen in part for their ability to cater for complex security features Security features built into elaborate designs make notes harder to counterfeit
CNN  -- The prison sentence for the highest-ranking CIA officer ever convicted of espionage should grow significantly Tuesday when a federal judge penalizes him for continuing his covert activities while incarcerated . According to the U.S. District Court of Oregon website , Harold James "  Jim " Nicholson will be sentenced -- again -- at 1:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  in Portland after admitting to working through his son to secretly pass information to and get payments from Russia . The elder Nicholson received a 23-year sentence in 1997 after pleading guilty to spying for Russia , one year after he was arrested at Dulles International Airport outside Washington while attempting to board a flight to Switzerland . Federal prosecutors said that at the time of his arrest , Nicholson was carrying 10 rolls of film of classified documents as well as coded messages on a computer disk . They said he planned to meet his Russian handlers , who would pay him more than $ 180,000 . But his covert , and profitable , relationship with the Russians did not end while he was imprisoned at the Federal Correctional Institution in Sheridan , Oregon . Nicholson admitted as much in November , when -- 21 months after being indicted again -- he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to act as an agent of a foreign government and conspiracy to commit international money laundering as part of an agreement with federal prosecutors . At that hearing , the 16-year former CIA station chief confessed to working with his son , Nathan , to funnel information to and get money from the Russian government between 2006 and December 2008 . Nicholson could have faced 25 years in prison and $ 750,000 in fines for both crimes . But instead , he will have eight years tacked onto his existing sentence per the plea deal , a statement from the U.S. Attorney 's office in Oregon said . According to court documents , Nathan Nicholson , 26 , cooperated with prosecutors in their case against his father after FBI agents confronted him about frequent international travel . The younger Nicholson , a former U.S. Army paratrooper , admitted to authorities during the FBI questioning that he had not gone overseas to visit "  a battle buddy " as he had claimed previously . FBI agents then informed Nicholson that lying to them was a federal crime and offered him a chance to change his story , according to one agent 's testimony . At that point , FBI Special Agent John Cooney testified , Nicholson became more "  forthcoming . " Nathan Nicholson told the agents that at his father 's behest , he made trips to California , Mexico , Peru and Cyprus , where he met with Russian government representatives who gave him payments totaling more than $ 35,000 in cash . During Nathan Nicholson 's prison visits to his father , according to court records , "  Harold Nicholson spent a significant amount of time advising  the  defendant on how to conduct himself in a clandestine manner as he traveled to and from various international meeting locations . Harold Nicholson tried to impart his CIA training to  the  defendant . " Prosecutors alleged the Russians gave the elder Nicholson back-pay for his prior espionage activities and for details on how he was caught . "  The Russian Federation was specifically interested in how Harold Nicholson got caught by the FBI , " according to a government sentencing memo filed with the court . It added that the information concerned "  who interrogated him after his arrest and the timing of his transfers as a CIA Officer prior to his arrest . " According to court records , the elder Nicholson and his son put the plot into motion after Nathan Nicholson complained to his father about the family 's precarious finances . The sentencing memo said that Nathan Nicholson provided crucial help in the prosecution of his father . The elder Nicholson pleaded guilty on the day that his trial was set to have begun last month and who now faces an additional 20 years in prison . In an October psychological report entered into the court record by prosecutors , Nathan Nicholson took aim at his ex-spy father . "  I was n't aware of his selfish side , " Nathan Nicholson said , according to the records . "  I allowed myself to be blindsided . I was like a lobster in a pot , heated slowly until it was too late . " CNN 's Patrick Oppman contributed to this report .	Harold "  Jim " Nicholson will be sentenced Tuesday , again , for espionage He admitted continuing his covert activities while imprisoned in Oregon He could have gotten 25 years , but through a plea deal , he 'll receive eight more The former CIA station chief previously got 23 years for spying for Russia
It was late at night when the priest raised the alarm . Heavy rain was falling on Gobindghat , a town in the foothills of the Himalayas where Sikh pilgrims stop on their way to a holy site farther into the mountains . A monsoon deluge had swept in earlier and heavier than usual in this part of northern India , bringing a risk of floods . But before residents and pilgrims in the town could heed the priest 's warning , water had engulfed the town . "  Some people climbed upwards , some ran here and there , " said Gurjit Singh , who had traveled to Gobindghat with his 12-year-old son . "  It was chaos . " Barrages of water , mud and rocks have hit scores of towns and villages in the Indian state of Uttarakhand in the past week , inundating homes , shrines , roads and vehicles . Uttarakhand 's chief minister , Vijay Bahuguna , has described the disaster as a "  Himalayan tsunami . " Dotted with temples and often referred to as "  the Land of Gods , " Uttarakhand attracts large numbers of pilgrims from around India to its mountainous reaches . Those travelers , many of them far from home and short on belongings , are now caught up in the destruction . Thousands of rescue workers are trying to reach more than 50,000 people cut off by the waters . Bahuguna told CNN 's sister network CNN-IBN on Friday night that the death toll was 556 but could rise . The bodies "  were either buried or floating in slush , " he said . It will take 15 days to complete evacuations in the province , he added . Other parts of northern India , including New Delhi , have also been hit by flooding , but Uttarakhand has suffered the worst of the devastation . The rains over the region have eased in the past few days , aiding in the rescue of about 30,000 people , Bahuguna said . ' A second life ' "  There was nothing but death in front of us , " Singh said Thursday after getting out of a crowded car ferrying people to dry , flat land . "  Now that we 've got out , we feel like we 've got a second life . " His son , Rana Udesh Pratap , said the trek to safety was long . "  I held my father 's hand and walked and walked and walked on a narrow path , " he said . The two had made a pilgrimage to Uttarakhand from the nearby state of Punjab to visit the Sikh Hemkunt Sahib shrine . Others were still struggling with what they had endured . A man named Kailash told CNN-IBN that he , his wife and 4-year-old son did n't know how they were going to get back to their home in Jodhpur , hundreds of kilometers to the southwest . "  We do n't have a penny , how will we reach home ? " he asked , explaining that his family had gone hungry for three days before they were evacuated to a hospital in the town of Rudrapyrayag . They had been in Kedarnath , a centuries-old Hindu holy town at the heart of the destruction . Pictures show the town 's temple surrounded by mud and rocks . Kailash recalled what he and his family endured before they were flown out . "  We had to walk over dead bodies , " he said . "  Nothing is left there , everything is finished . We ca n't even find our relatives . " A search for the missing Others were searching for relatives amid the chaos . A Facebook page for rescue and relief in Uttarakhand was peppered with pleas for help in finding people . "  It is with great hope that I am writing to you to alleviate the distress of my family , " wrote Shantalu Srivastava in a post seeking information about his brother , sister-in-law and two nieces . Srivastava said that the family had traveled to Kedarnath from Lucknow , in the neighboring state of Uttar Pradesh , and that he had last heard from them Sunday . The national government has dispatched the army to help with rescue efforts and promised 10 billion rupees  $ 170 million  in disaster relief funds to the Uttarakhand government . Some observers are saying the disaster was man-made . Devinder Sharma , an environmentalist , blamed industrial activity in India 's Himalayan region . "  This havoc is a result of massive deforestation and mining , " he said . "  It 's an ecocide . "	"  We had to walk over dead bodies , " says one survivor Severe flooding has left more than 50,000 people stranded in northern India Authorities put the death toll at more than 500 but say they fear it will rise Many people are searching for people lost in the chaos
CNN  -- The gun outrages continue , the latest the shooting of a gun instructor in Arizona by a 9-year-old girl who was taken to the range by her parents so she could shoot an Uzi , an Israeli-made submachine gun . The question that the whole world asks is this : Why was a 9-year-old girl allowed even to try to shoot a submachine gun ? I have a further question : Why does anybody not on the front lines of the military in a war zone need to have access to a submachine gun ? It 's not as though we have n't had plenty of evidence that this gun thing in America is n't working . Since the ghastly massacre of elementary school children at Sandy Hook on December 14 , 2012 , by a deranged teenager , as of June there were at least 74 school shootings , on school grounds or in schools themselves . It 's commonplace in this country now : A deranged shooter appears , armed to the teeth , out of his mind . Everyone ducks or runs for cover . The shooter proceeds calmly through the building , taking out innocents . What kind of country have we become ? Was this what the Founding Fathers had in mind ? The NRA will scream : The Second Amendment ! The Second Amendment ! Please be aware that most of what you think you know about the history of this amendment is nonsense . Many good books and articles exist on the subject , all neatly summarized by Saul Cornell a couple of years ago . He wrote : "  If the nation truly embraced the Second Amendment as it was originally written , it would be the NRA 's worst nightmare . " Look at this amendment again : "  A well-regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed . " James Madison and the others who framed this single sentence understood perfectly well that you ca n't have unregulated mobs running around in the streets with guns . That 's why "  A well-regulated militia " goes first in this single sentence . Regulation is the key concept here , which is why the framers foregrounded this clause . So who were these militias in need of regulation ? In the South , they were called "  slave patrols , " and they were paramilitary groups that regularly patrolled slave plantations to make sure restive slaves were n't going to rise up against their white overlords.Remember the line in the movie "  Django Unchained " ? Leonardo DiCaprio wonders : "  Why do n't they just rise up and kill the whites ? " It was a real question , and the answer was that "  well-regulated militias " in the Southern states kept the slaves in check . Patrick Henry , George Mason and James Madison knew , as they considered the Second Amendment , that it would be essential if they hoped to get the Southern states to ratify the brand-new U.S. Constitution . It was designed to keep these states on board . There were hundreds of slave uprisings in the South before the Constitution was ratified . For a full history of this , get your hands on Sally E. Haden 's book , "  Slave Patrols : Law and Violence in Virginia and the Carolinas . " As Haden demonstrates , most men in the slave states between age 18 and 45 would have had to serve on one of these well-regulated militias at some point . The Southern states were police states designed to keep slaves in check . Their economy had been built around slavery . It is clear in the recorded speeches of Patrick Henry and George Mason , two of the Founding Fathers , that the Second Amendment was specifically handed as a bone to the Southern states , manufactured to keep them happy . James Madison , a slave-holder himself , had no doubt about the need to keep these slave militias going in the South . He wrote about this often and without ambiguity . Thom Hartmann discussed these ideas in a recent article . The National Rifle Association has tried to blur the historical truth about the Second Amendment . In fact , at its headquarters in Washington , the words of the amendment are emblazoned right in front of the entrance . Oops ! They have emblazoned exactly half of this brief amendment , leaving off the embarrassing front part , about a "  Well-regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free State . "  Notice also , the amendment says State , not Nation -- and these framers knew the difference , as it 's a major difference noted elsewhere in the Bill of Rights . The idea that owning a gun in America was an individual right only dates to the 1980s . A bunch of right-wing think tanks got to work creating this individual right . In 1991 , Chief Justice Warren Burger called this new wrinkle in the Second Amendment "  one of the greatest pieces of fraud -- I repeat the word ` fraud ' -- on the American public by special interest groups that I have ever seen in my lifetime . " Burger was right . It 's a fraud . There just is no right for the individual to bear arms in the Bill of Rights . You have to belong to a well-regulated militia , such as the National Guard , if you want to bear arms . Of course , the Supreme Court did an end run in recent years around what the framers of the Bill of Rights actually intended .  So much for our famous "  originalists , " such as Justice Antonin Scalia , who really does whatever he wants and comes up with a bogus argument to say he 's going back to what the framers actually meant .  The 2008 case known as Heller is a botched piece of argumentation , as even conservative judge Richard A. Posner has written , tearing Scalia 's opinion to shreds as an incoherent piece of tripe . Let 's say , however , that hunters should have the right to possess and use hunting rifles . Why not , if they keep them unloaded except for when hunting ? It should be just fine to belong to a gun club and shoot skeet or whatever . But nobody needs an assault weapon who is not fighting in the Middle East , or perhaps going after drug lords in Mexico . Why , then , do Americans love their guns ? I will make a bold suggestion . In a country where Americans sense , quite genuinely , that their freedoms have been taken away by the government -- as in the U.S. Patriot Act , as in NSA surveillance -- people feel powerless . It makes you feel more powerful if you can enhance your personal strength with a gun . There is the romance of the Old West , too , which reinforces this idea . It 's "  High Noon " all the time in America . But this is dangerous and false thinking , and it leads to chaos . Chaos is what we now face on the streets in this country every single day . It 's time for us to revisit the Second Amendment and get every assault weapon off the streets , for good .	Jay Parini : Only someone on war 's front lines should have access to a submachine gun Parini : At least 74 school shootings since Sandy Hook : Is our romance with guns working ? He says amendment gave gun rights to "  well regulated militias " to appease South 's slave patrols Parini : Gun ownership as an individual right only dates to 1980s Supreme Court ruling
CNN  -- Going to travel abroad ? Here 's a tip : Blend . Do n't stick out as a tourist because it 's like wearing a "  Mug me ! " sign , travel experts say . The harrowing experience of an Arizona mother ending up in a Mexican border jail has prompted travel experts to renew some do 's and do n't 's for traveling . Every year , more than 2,500 Americans are arrested abroad , with 30 % of those cases related to illegal drugs , the U.S. State Department says . The experience of Yanira Maldonado of Arizona -- freed from jail Friday after being accused of drug possession -- seems a case of a person "  being in the wrong place at the wrong time , " said travel expert Pauline Frommer , publisher of Frommers.com . A Mexican court determined that prosecutors did not provide evidence . Still , the incident calls for globe trotters to be reminded of a few basics , experts say . Do a little homework The U.S. State Department publishes travel advisories online . So does the U.K. version of that agency , the Foreign & Commonwealth Office . In fact , Frommer likes the U.K. government 's travel advisories better because they are time-stamped and more detailed , such as giving the number of pickpockets over what period of time in a country . "  The State Department has very good announcements about what areas are safe and what are n't , " Frommer said . "  There are certain parts of Mexico that are n't safe : there are border regions you do n't want to be a tourist in , and Acapulco -- that 's a problem . " Still , many parts of Mexico remain enjoyable destinations for tourism , Frommer said . In fact , she 's visited the country three times in the past few years : Cancun , Cozumel and Mexico City . If a U.S. citizen is arrested abroad , he or she is subject to that country 's laws and may not enjoy the same protections as provided in the United States . The State Department stands "  ready to assist incarcerated citizens and their families within the limits of our authority in accordance with international law , " the agency says . If you are detained abroad and there is U.S. consular representation in that country , you have a right to a visit from a U.S. government official , said Alex Puig , regional security director of Americas for International SOS , a medical and security services firm operating in 70 countries . Be the gray man This is a simple one : blend in . Do n't look like a tourist . It may make you an easy mark for muggers or thieves , Puig said . "  Most travelers the last thing they worry about is keeping a low profile , " Puig said . "  The last thing you really think about is that I should dress in to fit in their local environment . Americans are quite casual in their dress . I land at a foreign airport , and I go into the immigration line and I can easily pick out the Americans by their dress . They like to wear jeans and white tennis shoes and they like to wear college shirts like Georgia Tech . "  You do n't want to raise your profile by the way you dress , " he added . Think as if it 's going to be stolen Do n't carry a lot of money . There 's no reason to in this age of connectivity . And leave the good jewelry at home . Take credit cards . "  The truth is that in all tourist destinations nowadays there are ATMs aplenty , " Frommer said . "  You want to rely on your plastic because it can be replaced . " And make sure you have a credit card with a sufficient cash advance in case you need to post bond to get out of jail , said Texas attorney Louis Lopez , who represented a man framed by drug cartels . Be aware of your surroundings You can bet that Americans traveling in Mexico are now looking under their seat -- especially on buses -- before they sit down , Puig said . That 's because the Arizona mother was jailed after the Mexican military allegedly found marijuana under her bus seat . "  Out of this bad situation comes good learning , " Puig said . "  You ca n't take anything for granted when you are outside of your normal environment . " The Internet readily offers local news on the country you 'll be visiting . The U.S.-Mexico border , for example , is renowned for drug smuggling -- all heading into the United States . The bus carrying Maldonado and her husband was traveling to Arizona from Mexico . "  Just be aware of drugs going from south to north , and drug traffickers are going to use every means available to move their drugs , " Puig said . "  So you have to be alert . "	Check travel advisories on the State Department website , or UK website Do n't make yourself a target by sticking out as a tourist More than 2,500 Americans are arrested abroad every year If you 're detained , you have a right to a visit with an official from U.S. consulate , expert says
CNN  -- Nearly 1,100 homes were hit by the tornadoes that struck the Dallas-Fort Worth area Tuesday , including 349 homes that were destroyed , a Red Cross spokeswoman said Thursday . Anita Foster of the Red Cross said updated tallies show another 750 homes were damaged . Many families are still in shelters , unable to return to their homes , Foster said . "  We 're dealing with a lot of emotional recovery , which will be just as challenging as the physical recovery , " she said . With the potential for more severe storms Sunday , she said , the agency is focusing on preparation and advising people what to have in their disaster supply kits . "  We want people to think those things through while the sky is blue , " she said . "  Things like a working flashlight , a first aid kit , a supply of water , and how to look after pets . We wanted to push those messages with more weather coming in , even if we just get one lightning bolt , that will be frightening for people who just went through this . " Argentina storm kills more than a dozen An estimated 13 tornadoes touched down in Dallas , Arlington and the surrounding area Tuesday , the National Weather Service in Dallas-Fort Worth said Thursday . There have been no reports of deaths from the storms . At least one of the twisters rated up to EF-3 , the weather service said . That tornado , in the town of Forney , east of Dallas , had a wind speed as high as 150 mph , it said . Tornadoes can rate up to an EF-5 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale , which uses damage to calculate the storm 's rating . Other tornadoes that touched down in the area Tuesday rated EF-1 and EF-2 , according to the weather service . Belinda Price , who with her husband runs a day care at her home in Forney , protected 15 children in the closet of her home as the tornado approached . Her husband filmed the tan-colored funnel cloud as it approached their neighborhood . "  My first thought was , I have to keep these children safe , " Price told HLN on Thursday . "  I gave them instructions : When I tell you to run , you run , and you run where I tell you to run . " Some of the children cried , but for the most part , she said , they kept cool . Price knelt in the closet covering a 4-month-old and said there was barely room for herself . "  There is no doubt in my mind that God covered us , " she told CNN affiliate KTVT . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	New tallies show 349 homes were destroyed and 750 damaged Many families are still in shelters The National Weather Service estimates 13 tornadoes hit the area
CNN  -- The woman at the center of the U.S. Secret Service prostitution scandal embraced her notoriety and spilled colorful details Friday about alcohol flowing like water and Secret Service agents dancing on a bar . Dania Londono Suarez is the escort who unwittingly sparked investigations that have ensnared roughly two dozen members of the Secret Service and U.S. military over reported use of prostitutes in Colombia in the days before President Barack Obama visited last month . She gave a lengthy , wide-ranging interview to Colombia 's W Radio on Friday . It attracted international attention , with reporters from as far away as Europe calling in to press for more details . She retold the story of the disagreement in the hallway of the Hotel Caribe , of her fear after the fallout and what she envisions for herself in the future . Her days of selling her body are over , she said , but she is open to appearing nude in men 's magazines . "  My life is already ruined by this , " she said . Suarez said she considers her reputation shattered but is looking for opportunity by voluntarily stepping fully into the limelight that has been chasing her . If a magazine offered the "  right price , " she would pose nude , she said . The fallout of the scandal has "  left me cured " of being an escort , she said . "  That part of my life is dead . " In the interview , she also presented a more nuanced view of herself . Amid her fears that the U.S. government might retaliate and do her harm , she is also nervous about what her crush thinks about this . She does n't have a boyfriend , she said , but "  I 'm interested in someone . I do n't know how he 's taken all this . I wish I could go inside his head . " She also said that she would not have told police about the incident if she had known the men were agents , and that their behavior hypothetically could have put the agency 's work at risk . She did n't see any schedules or plans regarding Obama , she said , but if she had been someone wanting to do harm , "  while I was with them , I could have done a thousand things . " Given such an opportunity , a terrorist could have wreaked havoc , she said . Concerns about a security breach , as well as outrage over the salacious nature of the scandal , have motivated multiple investigations by the Secret Service , the military , the Department of Homeland Security 's inspector general and several congressional committees . On Friday , House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Peter King , R-New York , said he had more questions about the agency 's internal review after meeting with Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan . In particular , King noted the Secret Service said it interviewed 10 of the 12 women involved but had been unable to find the other two , including Suarez . Citing the radio interview by Suarez that "  details information vital to the investigation , " King said he asked the Secret Service "  for an explanation of how they have failed to find this woman when the news media seems to have no trouble doing so . " Nine of 12 Secret Service agents implicated in the scandal have resigned or are being forced out , while three others were cleared of serious misconduct . A separate military investigation of 12 U.S. military members is continuing . Details of what happened on the night Suarez met the Secret Service agent had surfaced before Friday , and she confirmed the narrative in her interview with W Radio . A friend at the bar introduced her to a man who was interested in her , Suarez said . She watched as the man and his friends ordered bottles of vodka . "  They were buying alcohol like it was water , " she said . She saw them dance on the bar . The man she was with liked to dance in a "  disorderly " manner in which "  he lifted his shirt to show off his six-pack . " They did n't speak the same language , but when the man mentioned "  sex , " she answered in her basic English , "  Baby , cash money . " They agreed on $ 800 , she said , and went to his hotel . The next morning , she was awakened by a call from the front desk alerting her that it was time for overnight visitors to leave the hotel , she said . She woke the man up , and he refused to pay , telling her "  just go , bitch . " It was a completely different personality than the night before , when he was very loving , she said . "  When he was drunk , he was a different person than when he had his wits about him , " Suarez said . The escort walked across the hall to the room of another man , who had brought her friend to the hotel . That couple came out and tried to sort things out with the first man , but he refused to open the door . Now it is known that the two men were Secret Service agents , though at the time she had no idea . The only hint that the man was some sort of official was a uniform inside his room , which led Suarez to presume that he was in the military . Sources with knowledge of the investigation have told CNN that the Secret Service agent at the center of the scandal is Arthur Huntington . Huntington , of Severna Park , Maryland , has now left the Secret Service , but it was not clear under what circumstances . Suarez says she does not recall what name , if any , Huntington gave her that night . But she would recognize him if their paths crossed again . "  I remember his face as if I saw him yesterday , " she said . Suarez said she spent hours trying to persuade the agent to open the door and pay her , but she finally gave up around 10 a.m. . As she was leaving , however , she came across a local police officer who encouraged her to share what was bothering her . More agents wandered into the hallway and pleaded , "  please , please , no police , no police , " Suarez said . Three agents pooled their resources and gave her $ 250 , she said . She took the money and left the hotel . It was two days before Suarez learned what scandal had been ignited that day . Today , Suarez says she would have let the man off the hook if she had known he was Secret Service . But that sentiment is not out of respect . "  They are idiots , " she said . "  They were protecting President Obama , and they did n't see the magnitude of the problem . " CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : N.Y. Rep. Peter King has more questions about the Secret Service prostitution scandal Dania Londono Suarez says hypothetically , someone could have harmed the agents She says she is open to posing for men 's magazines in the future The argument was over $ 800
InStyle  -- Life is full of reasons to smile , but expressing joy can cause lines to form around your eyes and mouth . Luckily , you do n't have to grin and bear it . Read on for tips to keep creases at bay and make skin look smoother and younger Naomi Watts confidently flashes her radiant smile . Why wrinkles form 1 . Decreased volume Over time , skin loses fat and produces less hyaluronic acid , a substance that retains moisture . As a result , mature skin is thinner and drier than young skin . "  Like a helium balloon the day after a party , " says Beverly Hills dermatologist Mark Rubin , "  when skin is not filled to the same degree , you 'll see crinkling on the surface . " Minimize the effects Apply moisturizer to temporarily rehydrate  and plump up  the skin . For more help , try filler injections . 2 . Loss of elasticity As skin ages , the collagen and elastin fibers in the dermis break down , reducing skin 's ability to "  snap back " from smiles and other facial expressions . Exposure to sunlight accelerates this process , especially UVA rays , which penetrate deeper into the skin than UVB rays . Minimize the effects Wear broad-spectrum sunblock  look for such ingredients as Mexoryl , Helioplex and avobenzone  , and apply an antioxidant cream daily . To build collagen , try products with vitamin A , peptides or growth hormones . 3 . Repetitive motion Dynamic movements that cause the skin to repeatedly crease in the same place , such as smiling , will wear down the underlying tissue in that specific spot , creating a line that remains after muscles relax . Minimize the effects Smiling is essential , but you can limit other motions that deepen crow 's - feet . For example , wear sunglasses to keep from squinting in bright light . For the most dramatic results , consider Botox . Expert help for smile lines For fast results , consider in-office procedures for trouble spots . 1 . Injectable fillers Collagen and hyaluronic acid fillers  like Restylane  can be injected directly into wrinkles to restore volume loss . Collagen is thin and more viscous , making it easier to apply under thin eye skin . By contrast , hyaluronic acid , which is denser and lasts longer , is better suited for filling the nasolabial area  the lines from mouth to nose  . Primary area of use : Crow 's feet and nasolabial folds Costs : Collagen : $ 250 -- $ 550 per area ; hyaluronic acid : $ 300 -- $ 850 per area Lasts : Collagen : 3 -- 4 months ; hyaluronic acid : 6 -- 12 months Downtime : Swelling can last 1 -- 2 days ; some slight redness . Risks : Bumpiness and bruising Our experience : These deep injections hurt , but our tester saw immediate improvement in nasolabial folds . She had no swelling . Insider tip : If you get a bump , massage the area within 24 hours to smooth it out . 2 . Botox Botulinum toxin , aka Botox , "  relaxes the muscles , so when you smile , the skin wo n't crinkle up in the area around your eyes , " says Michigan dermatologist D'Anne Kleinsmith . Limiting repetitive movements prevents the formation of wrinkles in those areas and lessens the appearance of existing lines . Primary area of use : Forehead , brow lines and crow 's - feet COST $ 200 -- $ 500 per area Lasts : Approximately 3 -- 4 months Downtime : Virtually none , but slight swelling  that looks like a welt  may last a few hours following the injection . Risks : Drooping of the eyelid or brow  rare Our experience : Slightly painful . It takes three to four days for dynamic wrinkles  that appear when you make facial expressions  to disappear . Insider tip : Avoid blood thinners such as ibuprofen or aspirin before treatment ; they increase the risk of bruising . At-home treatments Use topical products to look better today -- and tomorrow . Instant fix "  Anything you can do to hydrate your skin softens the appearance of fine lines , " says dermatologist Susan Weinkle of Bradenton , Florida . For spot treatment of wrinkles , a product with a thick , cushiony feel fills in cracks better than a thinner cream or serum . Try : Este Lauder Perfectionist Correcting Concentrate for Deeper Facial Lines/Wrinkles . Long-term help Nothing will turn back the clock or erase damage caused by sunbathing , but you can stimulate the production of new collagen to bolster the skin 's thickness and firmness . Look for products with retinol  like Clinique  or peptides  like Olay  . Try : Olay Regenerist Micro-Sculpting cream or Clinique Zero Gravity Repairwear Lift . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Wrinkles come with age because of less fat , loss of elasticity Injectable fillers can replace volume and diminish wrinkles Botox can relax muscles , lessons appearance of lines Protect skin from sun to prevent skin damage
AOL Autos  -- The conventional wisdom , among most folks , anyway , is that buying a used car is usually something done out of necessity , by those on a budget -- that is , people who want , or need , to "  move down " from the new-car market because a new model is simply out of their reach . Bottom line , the Lexus reputation is for high-end luxury , quality and long-term dependability . However , there is another category of used cars that appeal to those with a bit more disposable income : used luxury cars . For some buyers , the used-luxury market is a way of getting into that Lexus , Lincoln , Infiniti or Porsche you always wanted , without laying out $ 70,000 or $ 80,000 for something you 're not actually going to live in . For others , scouring the used-luxury-car listings is a way of re-visiting the halcyon years of their youth . At this point , some of these used-luxe models have been around so long that they almost qualify as vintage throwback editions . Recently , Consumer Reports magazine issued its list of best and worst used cars , and divvied them up by price range . Using CR 's recommendations as a guideline , here is a list of some of the best used luxury cars currently on the market in the $ 24,000-30 ,000 price range . 2005 & 2006 Acura MDX A luxury SUV , the MDX is spacious , seats seven , and boasts distinctive styling and Acura 's famed attention to detail . Plus , it packs some punch under the hood -- this generation was powered by 3.5-liter , 253-hp V6 matched to a five-speed automatic transmission . AOL Autos : Used Acura Priced just right as a new vehicle , it included safety features like dual-stage front airbags , three-point seatbelts and adjustable head restraints for all seating positions . 2007 Acura RDX A crossover vehicle that mixes sedan-like ride with SUV roominess , the '07 RDX offered unibody construction , leather upholstery , heated front seats , power moonroof , 18-inch alloy wheels with all-season tires , xenon HID headlights with foglamps and the 2.3-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine -- plus a five-speed automatic transmission with paddle shifters on the steering wheel , and the patented SH-AWD  SH for Super Handling  system . 2006 & 2007 Acura TL A mid-size , front-wheel-drive , four-door sedan powered by a 258-hp 3.2-liter V6 , the Acura TL is a fine road machine . Actually , it was available for ' 06 - '07 as both a TL and a higher-end TL Type S -- the latter of which sported an upgraded engine , a 286-hp 3.5-liter . Depending on trim level , you can find it with a five-speed automatic with a console-mounted lever or shift paddles on the steering wheel . 2007 Audi A3 Audi designers have always shown a certain flair for dynamics , and that is evident here , in a sharply-engineered , handsomely-appointed vehicle that offers a fine balance between silky ride , nimble handling and zesty performance . This sporty compact was powered by a 200-hp 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine in ' 07 , and came standard with a six-speed manual and an optional Direct Shift Gearbox . AOL Autos : Used Audi 2005 & 2006 BMW 3-Series The 3-Series is another winning stable of cars , but Consumer Reports especially liked specific model years/versions/features in the 3-Series family : The 2005 RWD coupe and convertible ; the '06 325i RWD sedan ; the '06 330i RWD sedan and the '05 Z4 . Depending on the model year and version , the standard engine ranged from a 184-hp 2.5-L to a 255-hp 3.0-L . AOL Autos : Used BMW 2005 & 2006 Infiniti FX35 Another of the many crossovers that have hit the market the last several years , the FX35 is one of the sportier editions . During these model years , the FX35 2WD came with a 280-hp 3.5-liter V6 and a five-speed automatic transmission . Rear-wheel-drive was standard , but AWD was also an option . Some spiffier features included leather seating surfaces , 18-inch wheels , dual-zone climate control with microfiltration and steering-wheel controls . AOL Autos : Used Infiniti Infiniti G35 The G35 is one of the more svelte sports-sedan beauties on the road , offering Infiniti 's typical attention to detail and sporting attitude . Yes , it has four doors , but it handles like a sporty coupe , with its power coming from a finely-tuned 3.5-liter V6 . Horsepower output is 280 for the automatic and 298 with the manual . Luxo amenities include leather upholstery , automatic climate control , steering wheel audio controls , illuminated visor vanity mirrors and high-intensity discharge  HID  xenon headlamps . Lexus Any luxury-car aficionado knows that a Lexus is one of the most exquisitely-designed , high-performing chariots on the luxury-car market , and CR saw fit to include more than a half-dozen Lexus models on this list of recommended used luxury cars -- from the '02 SC and LX models , to the ' 03 - '04 GX edition , '03 LS , '04 / '06 IS entries , ' 04 - '05 RX model , '05 GS and '06 ES to ... well , you get the picture . Bottom line , given the Lexus reputation for high-end luxury , quality and long-term dependability , it 's hard to go wrong with any of the above-named Lexus entries . And all have plenty of engine oomph and luxo-line amenities . AOL Autos : Used Lexus 2007 Lincoln MKX This luxury crossover vehicle debuted in '07 as a replacement for the Aviator , and made a big splash . A higher-end and pricier version of the Ford Edge , it seats five and is powered by a 265 hp 3.5-liter V-6 and comes with standard six-speed automatic tranny . Either FWD or AWD is available . One cool option was the glass-paneled roof dubbed the "  Vista Roof . " 2007 Lincoln MKZ Also new for the '07 model year , this handsome and fully-loaded mid-size luxury sedan replaced the Zephyr . Under the hood purrs a muscular 263-hp V6 hitched to a six-speed automatic transmission . FWD is standard , but AWD is optional . Standard safety features include side-impact air bags in the front ; curtain-style head protection airbags for all outboard positions ; plus traction control and antilock brakes with electronic brake-force distribution . 2007 Lincoln Town Car A venerated luxury car whose heritage goes way back , the Town Car still "  has game " -- and is a far cry from the floaty boats your granddad drove in the '70s and '80s . It 's still cavernous inside , but now boasts a much more refined design . It seats six comfortably and is powered by a 239-hp 4.6-liter V-8 that 's linked to a four-speed automatic . The well-appointed cabin is trimmed in premium leather and burl walnut appliques . Available in Signature , Signature Limited , Designer and Signature L trim levels , you can find one to fit any taste . 1998 Porsche 911 No , your eyes do n't deceive you -- CR did include a primo , high-line vehicle like a Porsche 911 on its list of recommended used cars under $ 30,000 . But , take note : This is the 1998 edition . But when you 're dealing with quality of this level , even an 10-year-old vehicle has a lot of juice left in it . So , by "  going vintage , " driving enthusiasts can get into their car of their dreams without breaking the bank . In ' 98 , the 911 was powered by a 3.6 L H-6 282 hp engine . So , while it was n't quite the road-burner it is today , is still packed plenty of thrust . 2007 Volvo S60  FWD Only a year old , the '07 used edition should still be in fine condition , and it boasts top-drawer performance , stylish design and Volvo 's all-world safety features . The '07 S60 came in several trim levels , with an array of engine sizes , from the turbocharged 2.5-liter 208 hp job to the 2.3-liter 257-hp inline five-cylinder plant to the 2.5-liter high-pressure turbocharged and intercooled engine that churned out 300 ponies . Depending on the trim line , either a manual or automatic transmission can be had . 2006 & 2007 Volvo XC70 The XC70 is a crossover vehicle , splitting the difference between an SUV and a wagon . And it 's one of the finest crossovers on the road . It 's all-wheel drive , and the latest used-model-year , the ' 07 , was powered by a 208-hp turbocharged 2.5-liter inline-five-cylinder engine matched to a Geartronic five-speed automatic transmission that also offers manual gear selection .	Some buyers go to used-car market to get the luxury car they always wanted Consumer Reports magazine issues its list of best and worst used cars Infiniti G35 is one of the more svelte sports-sedan beauties on the road 1998 Porsche 911 made the list of cars for under $ 30,000
In some of his broadest remarks on racism yet , President Barack Obama said Friday that he believes while there are "  some hidden biases that we all carry around , " people are "  basically good " and want to fix those problems , if given solutions . "  What I do n't think is always captured in our political debates is , the vast majority of people are just trying to do the right thing . And people are basically good and have good intentions , " Obama said during his year-end press conference Friday . "  Sometimes our institutions and our systems do n't work as well as they should . Sometimes you 've got a police department that has gotten into bad habits over a period of time and has n't maybe surfaced some hidden biases that we all carry around , " he added . Obama referenced Eric Garner , the unarmed African-American man who died after he was put in a chokehold by a white police officer , saying that "  this is n't a situation where people feel good seeing somebody choked and dying . " "  I think that troubles everybody , " Obama said . But he argued , "  if you offer practical solutions , I think people want to fix these problems . " His remarks came in response to a question on the state of blacks in America today , which he acknowledged remains problematic . He said African-Americans still face an income gap with whites , what he called "  a legacy of a troubled racial past . " African-Americans are "  starting behind " because of this , Obama said , and Americans "  should be willing to provide people a hand up , not a hand-out " to help improve those conditions . The still-fraught state of race relations in America has become a subject of national debate in recent weeks following the acquittal of two white police officers who shot two unarmed black men , in unrelated incidents in Missouri and New York City . Americans frustrated with what many see as unequal treatment of blacks by police officers have launched protests across the nation . And Obama created a task force to examine police tactics and propose what he called Friday "  concrete practical things ... to rebuild trust between communities of color and the police department . " He said he 'll implement them however necessary when he 's given those recommendations . The events of the past month have contributed to the largest percentage of Americans saying racism is the country 's most important problem since 1992 , according to a new Gallup poll . It found that 13 percent of Americans chose racism , up from just 1 percent in November . But the president said , overall , the renewed discussion on race has "  been a healthy conversation we 've had . " "  You 're not going to solve the problem if it 's not being talked about , " he said .	President Barack Obama said there are "  some hidden biases that we all carry around " He argued , though , that people are "  basically good " and want to fix those problems African-Americans , Obama said , are "  starting behind " and should be given a "  hand up "
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Myanmar 's military rulers marked the country 's independence day by commuting sentences and apparently releasing more than 30 prisoners , but opposition activists said Wednesday that the moves were unsatisfactory . The United States also urged the nation to make greater efforts to improve its human rights record . A decree by President Thein Sein , published Tuesday in a state-run newspaper , grants amnesty to prisoners "  for the sake of state peace and stability , the rule of law , national consolidation " and humanitarian grounds . It reduces death sentences to life imprisonment ; cuts sentences longer than 30 years down to 30 ; limits terms of 20-30 years to 20 years ; and reduces shorter prison terms by 25 % . Myanmar , also known as Burma , marks its 1948 independence from Britain on Wednesday . The southeast Asian country has been ruled by a military junta since 1962 , and the generals have come under criticism for their human rights record in recent years . Sein , a former military official and prime minister , became president last year after an election criticized by democracy activists as a sham . Among the prisoners are more than 1,500 dissidents convicted of criminal charges over the years , including Buddhist monks and some journalists , according to the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners  AAPP  , a nonprofit organization based in Thailand that supports and advocates on behalf of political prisoners in Myanmar . "  We have received information from Myanmar there are about 33 prisoners released yesterday , " Aung Myo Thein , a spokesman for AAPP , said Wednesday . But he added that none of those released appeared to be high-profile detainees . He said the actions by the government were not enough , noting that some political prisoners had merely had sentences of more than 100 years reduced to 60 years . The National League of Democracy , led by Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi , said it was unclear how many of its jailed members may have been freed following Tuesday 's announcement . "  At this stage , we received reports that there are about two to three NLD members " released , Tin Oo , vice chairman of NLD , said Wednesday . But he said that the measures did not constitute a "  real amnesty , " since they just entailed the reduction of sentences , with most of those released not political prisoners . Myanmar released about 200 political prisoners along with more than 6,000 other inmates in October . But the AAPP called the move "  disingenuous " and "  unsatisfactory , " noting that many prominent dissidents remained behind bars . The United States has tried to encourage an opening with Myanmar in recent years . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made a trip there in November , and the Obama administration has built a policy of what it calls "  parallel engagement " with the junta as well as the opposition . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters Tuesday that more prisoners needed to be released before Washington will take "  significantly more steps towards normalization . " "  From that perspective , it 's not a step of the magnitude that we would be interested in matching , " she said .	Democracy movement says unclear how many members have been freed Activist group says more than 30 prisoners appear to have been released No prominent dissidents are expected to be freed as a result of Tuesday 's decree Advocates say Myanmar holds about 1,500 political prisoners
CNN  -- Summer has not yet officially arrived , but the country 's midsection is burning up . Denver broke a heat record Monday -- and Tuesday promises more sweltering heat . Farther east in Baltimore , a storm threw down a tornado Monday , destroying houses and causing flash flooding . And on the Gulf Coast , rip currents have killed at least four . Heat wave On Monday , Denver broke its all-time heat record , when the temperature climbed to 99 degrees Fahrenheit , and the sun is expected to bake the Colorado capital again on Tuesday . That 's nearly a cool spell for residents in parts of northern Texas , Kansas and Oklahoma , where temperatures are expected to break 100 degrees . Many parts of all four states are suffering from extreme drought , and the National Weather Service has issued numerous fire weather warnings . The service warns that winds will be high , and any fires that start in the parched landscape could spread with extreme speed . Gulf drownings Treacherous currents took at least four lives on the Alabama Gulf Coast and led Florida officials to shut down a popular beach . Dawn Wood had a friendly chat with two vacationers sitting on the beach next her in Gulf Shores , Alabama . Minutes later , she watched as one of them , a 62-year-old man , drowned , after a rip current pulled him away from the beach , CNN affiliate WPMI reported . His 13-year-old granddaughter , who was swept out with him , tried to drag him from the waves , Wood said . She did n't have the strength . Rescuers in boats rushed to save them , but "  it was just a little too late for him , unfortunately , " Wood told WPMI . He was one of at least four who died in the currents off the Alabama coast since Sunday . In spite of the drownings and red flag warnings on the beach , people continued to swim , including small children . Two deputies from the sheriff 's office in Bay County , Florida , struggled to save a swimmer who became exhausted fighting the current , after being whisked out by the waves . The county was inundated with "  water related calls " for help Monday , eventually posting double red flag warnings on Panama City Beach , closing it to swimmers to protect them from the currents . Beachgoers entering the water in spite of the warning risk arrest . Eastern tornadoes Thunderstorms spawned a handful of twisters in Maryland and Kentucky , destroying homes . A funnel cloud in Baltimore was caught on video and made a formidable impression on YouTube . Aside from tearing a hole in a roof of a warehouse in the city 's port , it did little damage . A few miles to the west in Sykesville , the violent rumble of wind compelled Dennis Davison to have a look outside , he told CNN affiliate WBAL . He opened his front door to watch pieces of a garage ascend into the sky . "  There is no doubt in my mind that was a tornado , " he told WBAL . The weather service confirmed two twisters in his area . Baltimore motorists gingerly cruised through streets filled with flood waters left by heavy rains , and more is in the forecast for Tuesday . Flood warnings extend from Washington , DC , up into Philadelphia and New Jersey . Racing away in his pickup truck , Steve Adair tried to outrun what may have been a tornado in southern Kentucky , according to CNN affiliate WTVF . The storm caught up with him . "  You just see a bunch of debris in the air and wind started blowing hard , " he said , while standing in the ruins of his destroyed countryside home . "  It 's just amazing to me how a little bit of wind can do all of this . " Kentucky tornado ` snuck up on us ' Nearby , two elderly women hunkered down in a bathtub , while the storm destroyed their home . They survived .	Denver 's new heat record pales in comparison with Oklahoma 's 100 degree forecast Baltimore 's tornado makes for dramatic video , but twisters in Kentucky demolish homes Rip currents kill four in Alabama , close beaches in Florida Despite warnings in Alabama , beach goers , even children , still enter the water
CNN  -- After sweating out several weeks when news broke that his "  late girlfriend " never existed -- and after sweating out the first day of the NFL draft without getting picked -- Manti Te'o can now sit back , knowing he has a home in professional football . The San Diego Chargers drafted the Notre Dame star and one-time tabloid fixture with the draft 's 38th pick , the sixth selection of the second round . The Heisman Trophy runner-up talked during last season about his girlfriend Lennay Kekua , a 22-year-old Stanford University student whom he said died within hours of his beloved grandmother . The sports website Deadspin broke the story in January that Kekua was n't real , and Te'o subsequently insisted he 'd been the victim of a hoax . A California man named Ronaiah Tuiasosopo later admitted on the "  Dr. Phil " show that he 'd created the alter persona of Kekua , even pretending to be a woman when he talked frequently to the Notre Dame linebacker . Some had speculated Te'o , who led the Fighting Irish to an undefeated regular season before they lost in the national title game to Alabama , could go in the first round . But every team with a pick passed . Another player who slid down NFL draft boards , despite the predictions of many NFL prognosticators , was West Virginia quarterback Geno Smith . He was selected 39th , right after Te'o , by the New York Jets -- who currently also have Mark Sanchez and Tim Tebow on their roster . Overall , the top of the NFL draft was n't dominated as it often is by big-name playmakers -- there were no running backs chosen in the first round . In fact , three of the first four picks were offensive lineman , starting with the Kansas City Chiefs tapping Central Michigan 's Eric Fisher No. 1 overall .	Manti Te'o is picked 38th -- the 6th pick of the second round -- in the NFL draft Some had predicted the Heisman Trophy runner-up would go in the first round After news broke the girlfriend he 'd talked of was n't real , Te'o said he was hoaxed West Virginia quarterback Geno Smith is picked 39th by the New York Jets
CNN  -- An avalanche at a ski resort in northeastern Turkey buried a group of hikers on Sunday , killing 10 of them , authorities said . Rescue efforts are continuing at the Turkish resort of Zigana , where 10 people have died . Rescue workers pulled seven survivors from the snow at the resort in Zigana , Turkey , according to Enver Salihoglu , the governor of the nearby city of Gumushane . At least two of the survivors were hospitalized , Salihoglu told CNN Turk . Rescue efforts were halted after all climbers were accounted for , according to a spokesperson for Salihoglu . Watch Turkish avalanche rescue " The victims were part of a group that was hiking in a valley with mountains on each side . "  We were walking in a single-person line when all of a sudden we saw snow coming down and it took us away , " one of the survivors told Turkey 's Dogan News Agency from his hospital bed . "  When it stopped , I was able to make a hole with one arm and I started breathing from there . " A documentary filmmaker , who had recently been working in the area , told CNN Turk that the temperature had been rising and that may have increased the risk of avalanches in the area . Police in Scotland on Sunday named the three men who died in an avalanche in the Scottish Highlands a day earlier . Watch report on Scottish avalanche " They were Eamonn Murphy , 61 , and his brother , John Anthony Murphy , 63 , both from Northern Ireland ; and Brian Arthur Murray , 46 , from Scotland . The men were among several groups climbing the Buchaille Etive Mor in the Glencoe region . The avalanche occurred about noon Saturday , according to the Northern Constabulary police . In all , nine people in two separate parties were caught up in the avalanche , but five escaped injury . One person remains hospitalized , police said . Police also reminded climbers there is a high risk of avalanches in the Highlands in the next few days . CNN 's Talia Kayali contributed to this report	Seven people pulled alive from the snow at resort of Zigana , authorities say Survivor : "  All of a sudden we saw snow coming down and it took us away " Police : Victims in Scottish avalanche Saturday were from N. Ireland , Scotland
CNN  -- Terrell Owens , a former San Francisco 49er and a former Philadelphia Eagle , is now a former Dallas Cowboy . The Cowboys released Owens late Wednesday , according to published reports . The Dallas Cowboys have decided to part ways with wide receiver Terrell Owens , according to published reports . Questions surrounding the future of the controversial wide receiver have swirled since the Cowboys ' season ended with a 44-6 loss at Philadelphia that kept Dallas out of the playoffs . Owner Jerry Jones had said in recent weeks that he had not decided whether to keep or release Owens . In early February , Jones struck down an ESPN report that Jones ' son , Stephen , who is the team 's vice president , was lobbying his father to cut the wide receiver . Owens signed a three-year , $ 25 million contract with Dallas in March 2006 . He signed a new four-year , $ 34 million deal that included a $ 12 million signing bonus , in June 2008 . Owens finished the 2008 season 69 receptions for 1,052 yards and 10 touchdowns . In Owens ' three seasons with the team , the Cowboys went 31-17 , but 0-2 in the playoffs . While Owens has produced solid numbers on the field , his career has been plagued with controversy . After Owens left the San Francisco 49ers in 2003 , he insinuated in an interview with Playboy magazine that his then-quarterback , Jeff Garcia , was homosexual . As a Philadelphia Eagle , Owens made headlines for coming back to play in Super Bowl XXX after suffering a severely sprained ankle and a fractured fibula weeks earlier . The following season , he voiced his displeasure with QB Donovan McNabb and Eagles management , which led to a four-game suspension without pay and his eventual deactivitation from the team . In September 2006 , police responded to Owens ' home after his publicist found the wide receiver unresponsive with an empty bottle of painkillers . Owens refuted reports that it was a suicide attempt and claimed a combination of painkillers and supplements made him groggy . This past season , Owens was reportedly jealous of Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo 's relationship with tight end Jason Witten . According to published reports , Owens believed Romo and Witten held private meetings and created plays without including him . Published reports also said Owens had issues with Cowboys offensive coordinator Jason Garrett 's play-calling . -- CNN.com 's Kamal Wallace contributed to this report .	Sources : Dallas Cowboys release wide receiver Terrell Owens Owens signed new four-year , $ 34 million deal in June 2008 Owens ' career has been plagued by controversy
CNN  -- David Baker was 10 years old when the World Cup came to the United States in 1994 , and he still has the blue soccer jersey he bought back then . "  That 's when I ` caught soccer ' and became a fan . That 's when I said , ` Soccer is a great sport , ' " he said . So he was devastated , he said , when the sport 's governing body awarded the 2022 tournament to Qatar rather than the United States on Thursday . Not only would winning the bid have boosted the U.S. economy , he argued , it would have been great for the development of soccer in arguably the largest sports market in the world . "  It would have been fantastic for the growth of soccer in our country " at a time "  when it 's primed to take the next step forward -- or the next step back , " the North Carolina pastor said . Soccer opened up a whole new world for him , he said . "  As a 10-year-old kid , I said these countries -LSB- that play soccer -RSB- are awesome , " he remembered . "  For me , that was so neat -- to think that when you kick a soccer ball , you can do that with somebody from any country , any religion , any language . " He does n't expect the United States to have another chance to host the global tournament anytime soon . "  That 's why today was so devastating , " he said . The president of U.S. Soccer , Sunil Gulati , echoed Baker 's thoughts . "  There 's no way around it : I am disappointed , " he said minutes after the U.S. bid was defeated . "  Millions of U.S. soccer fans worked hard to bring the World Cup to our country , " he said . Some of those fans were very big names indeed . Former President Bill Clinton and actor Morgan Freeman made the case for the United States in Zurich , Switzerland , where FIFA executives voted Thursday . "  Maybe America 's best claim to this World Cup is that we have the only nation you can put the World Cup that can guarantee that no matter who makes the finals , we can fill a stadium with home-nation rooters , " Clinton told FIFA executives before the voting . When Ghana knocked the United States out of the World Cup this summer , Clinton said Ghanian-Americans celebrated in Miami and Philadelphia , wrapped in the African nation 's flag . American soccer stars Landon Donovan and Mia Hamm , and Attorney General Eric Holder also came out to support the bid alongside Gulati . But it was not to be . Qatar , which promised a carbon-neutral World Cup , complete with air-conditioned stadiums , will become the first Middle Eastern nation to host the tournament , the largest sporting event in the world each time it is held . "  We really wanted this for the country . It would have been great for the sport , " New York Red Bulls season ticket holder Sebastian Ostolaza told CNN 's Richard Roth minutes after the announcement . "  It would have been a lot of fun for everyone and we 're extremely disappointed to have heard what happened , " he said at the team 's stadium , where he heard the announcement with friends . But he was gracious to Qatar in defeat . "  I think it 's great because soccer is a worldwide sport , and to bring the game back to Asia is going bring fans from over there back into it , " he said . The United States last hosted it in 1994 , when Clinton was president . Team USA acquitted itself well at the World Cup this year , finishing at the top of its group in South Africa before its loss to Ghana . CNN 's Kristi Keck Ramsay contributed to this report .	We really wanted it for this country , fans tell CNN Bill Clinton and Morgan Freeman made the case for the United States World soccer 's governing body chose Qatar instead to host the 2022 tournament "  I 'm disappointed , " U.S. Soccer President Sunil Gulati says
Voters in the eastern Mexican city of Xalapa should be tired of voting for rats , one campaign slogan suggests . The candidate behind it should know . He 's a cat . The black and white feline named Morris has popped up on campaign posters and garnered a devoted social media following , with more than 100,000 likes on his Facebook page . Morris ' name is n't on the official ballot for the city 's July 7 mayoral election . But his supporters say his growing popularity shows widespread frustration with corrupt politicians , known as rats in local lingo . The surreal tale of a cat campaigning first picked up steam with local media coverage , then quickly caught the eye of national and international media . Now , Morris has a website featuring a slick campaign video telling his story , and a red and blue picture of the cat that looks like the well-known portrait of U.S. President Barack Obama that became popular during his 2008 campaign . "  Facing the quantity of rats that lurk in these posts , " the feline 's Facebook page says , "  only a cat can bring order . " His campaign platform ? He "  promises nothing more than the rest of the candidates : To rest and to frolic . "	Campaign posters show a cat running for mayor in one Mexican city Morris the cat has won a devoted social media following Supporters say his popularity shows growing frustration with corrupt politicians
CNN  -- Dina Lohan , mother of actress Lindsay Lohan , entered a guilty plea to drunken driving and speeding charges in a Long Island , New York , court Tuesday . Lohan , 51 , was arrested by New York State Police after a traffic stop last September . She is expected to be sentenced June 3 to perform 100 hours of community service , attend a drunken driver program and a victim impact session , and pay $ 3,000 in fines and fees , according to Nassau County district attorney spokesman Paul Leonard . Lohan 's driver 's license will be revoked and her car must have an interlock device -- which tests breath alcohol levels before a car can be started -- installed for a year under the plea agreement , Leonard said . Lohan lawyer Mark Heller told CNN that she can resume driving once the interlock device is installed , even though her license remains officially revoked . "  Considering this is the first day of Passover , we were very pleased to receive an offer which would resolve her criminal case in Nassau County with a commitment of no jail , no probation , and that afforded her the opportunity to resume her driving privileges shortly , " Heller said . "  She felt this was a great beginning for the Holy week and she was happy with that result . " A test showed Lohan , who lives in Merrick , New York , had a blood alcohol concentration of 0.20 , which is more than twice the legal limit , Leonard said . The police report said Lohan was driving at 77 mph in a 55 mph zone before she was pulled over . Lohan initially claimed that she had been injured during her arrest , but she recanted her statement after being evaluated by emergency personnel , who found no injuries .	Dina Lohan was charged with DWI , speeding in September Her blood alcohol concentration was 0.20 , more than twice the legal limit Lohan 's driver 's license will be revoked for a year She can drive after her car gets an interlock device , her lawyer says
CNN  -- Dubai is home to the tallest building , largest mall and biggest candy shop . Recently , however , the city proved that its penchant for the extra large is n't limited to the inanimate . Last week , the Dubai Mall became home to a giant pacific octopus -- the largest species of octopus on the planet . The newest occupant , who lives at the mall 's Dubai Aquarium & Underwater Zoo , stretches out to a fear-inducing 14 feet , and weighs over 70 kilograms  154 pounds  . Earlier this month , the aquarium announced it had acquired one of the largest known reptiles on the planet , a 1,600-pound crocodile they 've dubbed King Croc  they also flew in his companion , Queen Croc  . John Gerner , a theme park consultant and the managing director at Leisure Business Advisors , notes that the mall 's current preoccupation with large animals is consistent with the Emirate 's obsession with record-breaking pursuits . "  In a general , entertainment attractions have always been a way for countries to have bragging rights in the world . By having the best , the biggest and the fastest of everything , Dubai wants to show they 've arrived on the world stage . In many ways , having record-breaking animals is another way to do that , " he says . The country is no stranger to peppering its entertainment offerings with animals exotic to the region . In 2012 , Ski Dubai -- the indoor ski slope housed at Mall of the Emirates -- welcomed a colony of King and Gentoo penguins . In 2008 , Atlantis , The Palm hotel courted controversy from animal rights groups when it hosted a whale shark in its in-built aquarium . "  Lately , you 're seeing attractions where you would n't typically find animals adding them in . It 's a merging of concepts . At Atlantis , you have a lodging using an animal attraction as an amenity to justify higher room rates and occupancy , " explains Gerner . It 's a concept that does n't sit well with local animal rights groups . "  In the wild , crocodiles spent hours swimming and can regulate the buoyancy and temperature or their bodies . No enclosure -- no matter how large -- is able to provide crocodiles with everything that is natural and important to them , " says Ashley Fruno , the Asia and Middle East senior campaigner for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  PETA  . "  If the Dubai Mall wants to set itself apart from the rest , there are other ways to do that than imprisoning wild animals in concrete enclosures and taking away everything that is natural and important to them , " she adds . In a statement , Emaar , the developers for The Dubai Mall , note that King Croc and his companion were obtained from a crocodile farm in Australia . They add that the transfer was facilitated in partnership with Australian government authorities , who reviewed the quality of the display , qualifications of the staff caring for the animals and the educational purpose of the exhibit . Emaar also notes that the habitat made for the two crocodiles is three times the size specified by the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums . The country 's fascination with wild animals is n't always limited to the indoors . Last year the UAE 's Ministry of Environment and Water issued bans on the commercial and personal import of a variety of exotic animals -- including many big cats and primates -- yet they remain popular pets for many Emiratis , who see them as a status symbol . Several locals have shot to Instagram fame showcasing their exotic animal collection . "  Unfortunately , the trade in exotic animals is largely unregulated and statistics are very difficult to come by , " says Fruno . "  The animals pay the price for this trade . Many do n't survive the journey from their homes in the wild , and those that do often die prematurely from malnutrition , an unnatural environment , loneliness and the overwhelming stress of confinement . " Still , she does note that animal rights -- though a newer concept in the UAE -- is on the rise . "  Awareness is growing by the day , and new animal welfare groups are popping up in the region all the time , " she says .	The Dubai Mall recently acquired a giant squid and two crocodiles Animals in malls are not uncommon . Ski Dubai now houses a penguin colony The UAE has long exhibited a penchant for exotic animals Many locals even keep wild game as pets
CNN  -- Jean-Bertrand Aristide , Haiti 's first democratically elected president , who has been living in exile in South Africa for seven years , has been issued a new passport to return home , the Haitian interior minister said Wednesday . Paul-Antoine Bien-Aime said the diplomatic passport was handed over to Aristide 's U.S. attorney Ira Kurzban , who picked it up in Port-au-Prince Tuesday evening . That removes a major obstacle that has prevented Aristide from making the journey back . However , Kurzban said last month that Aristide would still need the cooperation of South Africa and the United States to make the journey home . Kurzban also said last month that Aristide had no intention of re-entering politics . But Washington has already signaled its displeasure . "  We do not doubt President Aristide 's desire to help the people of Haiti . But today Haiti needs to focus on its future , not its past , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said last month . "  This is an important period for Haiti . What it needs is calm , not divisive actions that distract from the task of forming a new government . " The former Roman Catholic priest , who became a voice for Haiti 's impoverished , remains a polarizing figure but commands a large following in his homeland . Jacob Francois , coordinator for Aristide 's Fanmi Lavalas party in the United States , predicted crowds would greet Aristide upon his return . "  It will be the greatest party of this decade , " Francois said . "  Once again the world will see that President Aristide is the most revered politician in the history of Haiti . " Aristide left Haiti on a U.S. jet in 2004 after a bloody revolt by street gangs and soldiers . The leftist former president says he was shuttled out by Western powers . Aristide has long expressed his desire to go home . He reiterated that wish just days after former dictator Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier returned to Haiti in January . "  Once again I express my readiness to leave today , tomorrow , at any time , " Aristide said in a January statement . "  The people of Haiti have never stopped calling for my return to Haiti . " His return would come at crucial time in Haiti 's history . The Caribbean nation 's efforts to recover from a devastating 2010 earthquake has been compounded by a cholera epidemic and political chaos sparked by allegations of fraud in the presidential elections held in late November . A runoff is scheduled in March and a winner will not be known until April .	NEW : Interior minister says the passport was given to Aristide 's lawyer Aristide was the first democratically elected president of Haiti He has been living in exile in South Africa and still commands a following in Haiti
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- To set foot on Mount Everest is to risk death . Mountaineering tourists and their native Nepali guides both have this on their minds , as they straddle cavernous ravines in the ice . But nothing could have prepared American climber Jon Reiter for last week 's avalanche , the deadliest accident in the history of the world 's highest peak . "  We 've all seen death on the mountains , " he told CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day " Wednesday . But to see so many limp bodies hanging from cables as helicopters brought them down the mountain shocked him . Reiter was one of the fortunate ones . His Sherpa guide , Dawa , shoved him behind an ice block when the icy avalanche thundered down , killing 13 Sherpa guides Friday . Three more Sherpas are missing and feared dead . Buddhist clergy commended all 16 souls Monday in a religious ceremony . The search for those still missing has been suspended , and it is doubtful it will resume , Nepalese officials said . ` Get down ! ' "  Get down ! Get down ! " Reiter heard Dawa Sherpa yell before the ice rushed past him . The moment was like a flash , but Reiter remembers it in detail . "  You 're already in the icefall , which is a pretty sketchy place , " he said . The possibility of danger in the shifting and changing ice masses riddled with fissures had his instincts on alert . "  You 're crossing ladders and crevasses , and you 're pretty aware of your surroundings , " he said . Climbers are used to looking out to avoid getting hit by falling ice blocks , he said . But when the ice avalanche broke loose from the Khumbu Icefall , it sent his mind racing . "  You could see it . I heard it , and I looked up , and I saw it break off the side of a shoulder , and you heard it crash down . " Seconds later , the valley was full of ice boulders ; the path up the mountain obscured . His Sherpa had saved his life . Then Reiter asked himself : Is anyone under the ice ? Selfless Sherpas Nearly a third of the group of 50 that had set out up the icefall was missing . Radios began squawking , and Reiter heard terror in the Sherpas ' voices as they spoke . Dawa Sherpa was still standing . "  He did not dive himself , " Reiter said . Dawa tended to Reiter first . Then , the guide with 24 years of experience embarked on the grimmest task of his career . "  He spent his whole day that day digging his friends out of the snow and hooking them up to cables and flying them down the mountain , " Reiter said . At the end of a 16-hour day , Dawa Sherpa came by Reiter 's tent before heading to bed to see if he was all right . "  These are such selfless people , " Reiter said . Emotional rubble The mountaineering group milled around base camp Wednesday with a lot on their minds -- especially the families of the Sherpas who died . "  All those kids , whose dads are n't coming home , " he said . Many Sherpas left the camp to attend funerals and bury their dead friends . Most did not return , but Dawa came back to talk to Reiter . He told the American climber that he wanted to stand by his side but that he could not continue . "  Jon , I just ca n't go back up that hill " were his words , Reiter said . Death has climbers taking inner inventory , Reiter said . "  Thinking , reassessing life , reassessing our values . " Lifeblood But as the mountain can be deadly for the ethnic group indigenous to the cold peaks of the Himalayas , it is also the Sherpas ' lifeblood . Leading expeditions is how they feed their families . For many , the guides are the only breadwinners . Ngima Sherpa , 26 , for example , supported his three younger siblings and mother from the money he made taking foreign nationals around the mountain . He was among the 13 dead whose bodies were taken around Kathmandu in a funeral procession Monday . Ultimately , the guides may decide to forge ahead , but they may be out of business already . "  The major expeditions pulled the plug , " Reiter said . He predicted Everest would close to climbers this year . At least six companies that lead Everest expeditions have called off their 2014 climbs . Emily Turner , a spokeswoman for Alpine Glow in California told CNN : "  This is completely unique . Nothing like this  number of cancellations  has ever happened . " And peak season is just beginning . Between May 15 and 30 is usually the best window for reaching the peak . Foreign climbers spend between $ 40,000 and $ 90,000 each in their attempt to scale the mountain . Nepal 's government rakes in about $ 3 million from Everest climbers during the high season . Sherpas make up to $ 6,000 per season . They also usually get a summit bonus if their clients reach the top of the 8,848-meter  29,029-foot  mountain . Now they want to be paid in full even if the climbs are abandoned . Discovery calls off coverage of Everest wingsuit jump Mounting deaths The mountain guides are not looking to quit their work , but they feel more is due to them for the risk they take . They want to know that they 're covered if something like this happens to them . They want higher life insurance payouts . "  It 's overdue , " Reiter said . Climbers want to see the Sherpas ' demands met . Until the late 1970s , only a handful of climbers reached the top each year . The number topped 100 for the first time in 1993 . By 2004 , it was more than 300 . In 2012 , the number was more than 500 . The deadliest year on Everest was 1996 , when 15 people died . Another 12 climbers were killed in 2006 . Reiter does n't think any of the climbers at the base camp would be able to reach the top of Everest this year . The focus it takes to survive , he said , is gone . Climbers , widow recount deadly traffic jam on Everest On top of the world in 1963 Everest by the numbers CNN 's Manesh Shrestha reported from Kathmandu and Jessica King from Atlanta . CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote from Atlanta , and Sugam Pokharel and Dave Alsup also contributed to this report .	NEW : Six companies have canceled planned expeditions for 2014 The ice came crashing down in a flash , American climber says His Sherpa guide shoved him behind an ice block but did not duck himself Selfless Sherpas spent hours taking down bodies on helicopters and cables
CNN  -- The English commentator veered from disbelief to anger and then , finally , to mirth . It was the opening heat of the men 's 100 meters freestyle swimming at the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games , but only one man was standing on his block : Eric Moussambani from Equatorial Guinea , a tiny , oil-rich state in west Africa . There had been two other swimmers to compete with -- one from Niger , the other from Tajikistan -- but both had jumped the gun , dived in to the pool and been disqualified . The crowd cheered , the gun fired and the 22-year-old dived in . Suddenly he was on his own . What followed was one of the most memorable two minutes in Olympic history , one that would embody something far away from the podiums that honor the motto of the modern Games : "  Faster , higher , stronger . " During the first 50 meters Moussambani appeared to be holding his own , but by the turn things had gone very wrong . At one point he appeared to stop , treading water to catch his breath before continuing . "  This guy , " remarked the commentator for British TV , who was none other than Adrian Moorhouse , gold medalist in the same discipline at the 1988 Seoul Olympics , "  he 's not going to make it ... I 'm convinced this guy is going to have to get hold of the rope in a minute . " ` Me against the swimming pool ' Looking back today , Eric Moussambani is hard pressed to disagree with him . "  It was me against the swimming pool , " he recalls with a laugh . "  I did n't care about anything else , I just wanted to finish the race ... When I went to Australia that was the first time I had seen an Olympic swimming pool . I was scared of the dimensions . " Somehow he managed to crawl to the end , posting a time of one minute 52.72 seconds . The man who would eventually win gold in the event , Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands , would finish the final in 48.30 seconds , His swim made him an instant star of the Sydney Olympics -- dubbed "  Eric the Eel " by the world 's media -- and lampooned around the world for posting the worst time in the history of the sport . But it also reminded the world that there 's far more to the Olympic spirit than just victory . A voice on the radio Moussambani did n't start out as a swimmer . Growing up in Malabo , the capital of Equatorial Guinea , he excelled at soccer and basketball . But one day , three months before the start of the Sydney Olympics , he heard an advert on the radio with an intriguing offer . "  I heard on the radio that they  the Equatorial Guinea National Olympic Committee  needed swimmers , so I went and put my name down , " he recalls . He may not have wanted to be an Olympic swimmer but , having practiced in a local river , Moussambani decided to give it a shot . When he arrived at the hotel in Malabo where the trial was to take place , he soon discovered that the competition was nonexistent . "  We were called for the selection , and I was the only person who was there ! " he says . "  So nobody came . For two hours we were waiting . I was the only one . That was in the only hotel that had a pool , a 12-meter swimming pool . They told me to get in and asked if I could swim . " After proving that he could swim , Moussambani was told that he would be heading to Sydney after securing a place on the Equatorial Guinea Olympic team , a place that had been gifted by the International Olympic Committee 's wildcard system that gave less developed nations a chance to send athletes to the Games to gain experience . "  They just told me to get my passport and a picture ready so they could send me to the Olympics . They said to me , ` Keep on training . ' I asked them , ` With who ? I do n't have a trainer . ' They said : ` Do what you can . Keep training because you are going to the Olympics . ' " Preparations were tough for Moussambani . There was no Olympic-sized pool in Equatorial Guinea and the hotel pool was only of limited use . Still , he left for Australia for the first time knowing that , if nothing else , it would be an adventure . "  The Olympic Games was something unknown for me , " he says . "  I was just happy that I was going to travel abroad and represent my country . It was new for me . It was very far from Africa . " The terror of the pool It was n't until he turned up for training on the first day that he saw an Olympic-sized swimming pool for the first time . Reality quickly dawned on him . "  When I arrived I just went to the swimming pool to see how it is . I was very surprised , I did not imagine that it would be so big , " he says . "  My training schedule there was with the American swimmers . I was going to the pool and watching them , how they trained and how they dived because I did n't have any idea . I copied them . I had to know how to dive , how to move my legs , how to move my hands . "  I learned everything in Sydney . I did n't know how to dive , anything . While they  the U.S. swim team  were training I was watching them . I was alone . I did n't have a coach . " When the day of the race arrived , Moussambani sat in his seat with his goggles on , going through everything he had learned from the American swimmers . "  I was just thinking , ` Do whatever you think you can do . ' I was thinking how the American swimmers were training , " he explains . But when his two competitors were disqualified for two false starts , Moussambani suddenly felt very alone . "  At first I was thinking that I was the one who was disqualified ! " he laughs . "  They told me I was the only one that was going to swim , so I was very nervous . Everybody was screaming : ` Go go go ! ' " Out on a limb Most athletes can only a recall a blur of memories when remembering their time at the Olympics , but Moussambani remembers every second of that race : the pain , the fear , the exhaustion and finally the relief . "  The first 50 meters I did very well . I did it with a lot of energy . When I was coming back to complete the 100 meters I was exhausted . If you watch the video , I could n't feel my legs . I was feeling like I was n't going to go any further . I was moving in just one place . "  The crowd was singing , ` Go go go go ! ' So I did my best to complete it . But once I completed it I was exhausted . I thought , ` Phew , my god ! ' All my muscles were tired . So when I went in to the changing room I just collapsed on the floor and lay there . I could n't even breathe . " The anti-hero It is unlikely that any swimmer will ever get close to Moussambani 's time , which is more than a minute slower than the women 's 100m record and not even as quick as the best men 's 200m effort . But once he picked himself up off the changing room floor he had become a worldwide celebrity . "  The media attention was , phew ... " he remembers . "  Everyone in the media was asking about me . Oh , where 's Eric the Eel ? I did n't know how to speak English back then . People were saying I was a star . But I did n't know what to do . A lot of people were making fun of me , others were congratulating me . "  But what they did n't understand was that it was my first time in a swimming pool . People were making fun of me . But some said you are a good example of the Olympic spirit . " While most people saw the true values of the Olympic movement in Moussambani 's Quixotic swim at Sydney -- heart , determination , a never-say-die spirit -- his performance sparked much hand-wringing elsewhere . Elite athletes were offended that more talented swimmers were denied a place at the Olympics to accommodate developmental athletes . As Moorhouse said in a later interview : "  It was quite a defining moment for the Olympic Games as to whether that level of performance should be in Olympic competition . " The end of Eric the Eel ? Sure enough the International Olympic Committee tightened up the rules on wildcard entries to prevent other "  Eric the Eels " from turning up . But they still slip through the net . Only this week Hamadou Djibo Issaka , a rower from Niger , was hailed as the "  new Eric the Eel " after finishing 100 seconds behind his nearest rival in the men 's single sculls repechage . Britain 's five-time Olympic gold medalist Steve Redgrave criticized the decision to allow Issaka to compete . "  There are better scullers from different countries who are not allowed to compete because of the different countries you 've got , " he said . Yet it was Issaka , and not the winner , who was roared across the finishing line . Likewise with Moussambani . Few outside of the swimming world will remember Sydney champion Van den Hoogenband , but "  Eric the Eel " has become an Olympic euphemism . "  They even took my trunks to display in an Olympic museum in Sydney , " he happily boasts . An outside bet for Rio 2016 ? But if swimming development was a key aim of the IOC 's decision to give Equatorial Guinea a wildcard at the Sydney Games , then the move can be seen as a roaring success . After the cameras left , Moussambani continued to swim . His last competition was the World Championships in Japan in 2002 and his times have steadily improved . And although he did n't make it to Athens four years later , nor Beijing , he is now the national swimming coach of Equatorial Guinea and hopes to still have one last shot at next Olympics in Rio in 2016 before he retires . "  My last time was 55 seconds , that was only last year , " the 34-year-old explains hopefully . "  Right now I 'm the coach of the country but I 've asked my Olympic federation if I can swim at the next Olympics . "  I still have a dream . I want to show people that my times have improved , that we have swimming pools in my country now and that I can now swim a hundred meters . "	CNN talks to Eric Moussambani , better known as "  Eric the Eel " Equatorial Guinea athlete became a worldwide celebrity for the worst swim ever He finished 100 meters freestyle heat at Sydney 2000 in double the world record time Now 34 , Moussambani is hoping to return to the Olympics at Rio in 2016
COLLEGE PARK , Maryland  CNN  -- At 94 , Barbara Podoski finally gets to tell the story of how she punched a German sergeant in the face during World War II , when she was a secret U.S. interrogator . Barbara Podoski remembers giving a Nazi prisoner of war a "  knuckle sandwich " during questioning . Her story was one of many brought to light Thursday , when the National Archives released declassified personnel records from the old Office of Strategic Services , the CIA 's predecessor . The names include Julia Child , who would later become a famous chef . Child was stationed in Sri Lanka and China as a researcher for the head of the OSS , Gen. William Donovan . Two other OSS operatives , William Casey and William Colby , later led the CIA , the intelligence agency that replaced the OSS . See which famous figures worked for the OSS " Podoski was on hand for the release Thursday in a climate-controlled , high security room at the National Archives where thousands of documents are stored in an area normally off-limits to the public She said she and thousands of other OSS agents were told not to talk much about their work . Their employment files had remained sealed . "  They used me mostly to interrogate prisoners of war , " said Podoski , a native of what then was called Czechoslovakia . "  I was multilingual . " Podoski said she became a U.S. citizen and joined the Army as WWII began . She recalled preparing to question the sergeant , a Nazi prisoner of war . "  He was very vociferous against America and was vilifying President Wilson , " Podoski said . "  I told him to stop , and he did n't , so I took my little fist and hit him over the face . I gave him a knuckle sandwich . "  I was very ashamed of myself because I had a pistol under my jacket , and he was unarmed , " she added . Watch Podoski describe her spy career " The German she questioned told her that Adolf Hitler was using Czechs and Slovaks to do "  dirty work " along the Italian Front . To counter that , she borrowed a Czech typewriter from the Vatican , and distributed an underground leaflet encouraging them to abandon the Germans . "  Within a week , about 600 guys , with my appeal , crossed the lines , " she said , smiling . She was honored for her intelligence-gathering efforts with a Bronze Star that she wore with other military awards Thursday , after years of secrecy . "  Today , it 's history , " she said .	National Archives releases personnel records from CIA 's predecessor on Thursday Barbara Podoski , 94 , one of many who worked for Office of Strategic Services in WWII Podoski received a Bronze Star for her interrogation work , but had to keep it secret Records reveal chef Julia Child worked as spy for OSS
CNN  -- When Josep Maria Bartomeu became the 40th president of FC Barcelona at the start of this year , he was paraded at the Camp Nou stadium in front of the waiting press , just as his predecessors before him had . The president of Barcelona , after all , has an exalted status . Usually they are voted for by the club 's socios , or members , the president sets the tone of the club and the scope of its ambition . They are held to account , too , for their behavior off the pitch and results on it . A picture was taken of the 51-year-old engineer and entrepreneur , with the club 's famous motto visible in the stadium seats behind him , to his left . Mes Que Un Club . More Than A Club . It is an invocation that sums up how Barcelona 's fans and players believe that their club transcends soccer . How it represents a progressive Catalan political and social identity . The shirt was deemed so sacred that , for over a century , no sponsor was allowed to sully its famous stripes . But , in the same picture , to his right , the words "  Qatar Airways " loom even larger . The same company now graces the front of Barcelona 's shirts too . Crossroads Bartomeu has taken charge of a club standing on the crossroads , not to mention at the end of one of the darkest periods in Barcelona 's recent history . In little over a year the club has lost its position as Europe 's most feared team , changed its manager , seen another beloved former coach die of cancer , seen Lionel Messi embroiled in an embarrassing tax case and been accused of complicity , at least , in tax avoidance surrounding the transfer deal that brought Brazil star Neymar to Spain . It was that final scandal that saw Bartomeu 's predecessor Sandro Rosell resign in disgrace . Bartomeu was his deputy and took over , leaving many Barca fans unhappy they were n't allowed their traditional vote . Factor in the recent signing of Luis Suarez , a player still banned from all soccer related activity after biting a player at the World Cup finals , the third time he has bitten a player in a game during his short career , and the phrase "  Mes Que Un Club , " for many , seems to be describing a time passed . Now Bartomeu has been charged with steadying the ship and making sure that is n't the case . "  Things have been very difficult for us , " admits Bartomeu in an exclusive , wide-ranging CNN interview . "  Not only sporting . I mean we also had a lot of things not sporting that has been ... well , developing the club in another way that we were not planning . But everything -LSB- that -RSB- comes we try to solve . " Season ahead Given what 's on Bartomeu 's plate , his immediate focus is the season ahead . After a barren year , and the resignation of former coach Tata Martino , the club has put its faith in former player Luis Enrique , returning to a time when coaches were nurtured and promoted from within . "  I learned very , very much from Pep Guardiola . He is a genius , " Bartomeu said of Barcelona 's former coach who , like Enrique , cut his teeth coaching the Barcelona B team . "  Then after Pep , Tito Vilanova , which was the natural continuation of this project but Tito had very bad medical problems . And  then  came Tata Martino . Tata Martino is a ... well , a coach from Argentina with another way of looking at football . " It was agreed that Martino , after a tough transitional season , would stand down . According to Bartomeu , there was only one choice . "  Director of football  Zubizarreta told us : ` Luis Enrique is our man . Luis Enrique is our coach , ' " he recalls . "  He has been preparing himself in the last few years for this so we took him . " The Messi factor There has been a changing of the guard on the pitch as much as off it . The biggest loss has been Carles Puyol , who took over as club captain from Enrique almost a decade ago but has now retired after struggling with injuries . All eyes will be on Lionel Messi , the team 's focal point and the embodiment of the club 's fortunes . "  It 's unlimited , " Bartomeu replies when asked how much Messi was worth to Barcelona now . "  Leo Messi came to our club when he was 13 years old . This year he will be 27 ... He has been growing within our club . He is one of us . "  Leo Messi represents something more than his goals or the titles he won . Leo Messi represents , a little bit , this spirit of a young player that comes to our Masia , to our youth academy , and learns . " Bartomeu says he is not worried about the tax case , based on offshore payments for image rights , that has dogged Messi since last year . "  That is something that belongs to his personal life , of course , " Bartomeu says . "  He has our support , our help and , well , he 's managing with his advisers , with his lawyers and of course anything he needs Barca is there to help him . " The Neymar deal But it is another potential court case that has proved even more damaging to Barcelona 's reputation . When details of the Neymar transfer deal was made public , with an alleged $ 10 million shortfall in what was paid and what was declared to the Spanish authorities , it caused a wave of outrage . Bartomeu , however , believes that the club did n't do anything wrong . "  This transfer is being investigated by a judge in Spain and we have different interpretations , " he says . "  What we did , of course , being prudent as much as possible , we pay taxes in Brazil and also we pay the same taxes in Spain . So we paid twice just to avoid any misunderstandings for the judge . When the truth comes out then Barca will benefit from this truth . " This season Barcelona will try to accommodate three of the finest attacking talents in the world game : Messi , Neymar and Luis Suarez , even if the club will have to wait for the Uruguayan to serve his four-month ban for biting . "  When we approached Suarez , it was before the World Cup , " Bartomeu says . "  We told him that he had the right age . He had the experience . Playing at Liverpool give him incredible performance also . And it was the right time for him to come to our club , to Barcelona . "  We knew from a lot of lot of years ago that Luis Suarez likes our club , likes our city . And we have the advantage . His agent is Pep Guardiola 's brother ... He 's from Barca in his heart , also , so everything was perfect and created the perfect atmosphere that Luis Suarez accepted . And we know that he had better offers than our offer but he came to Barcelona . " Suarez ban Suarez 's bite on Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini became , for many , one of the defining images of the World Cup . But the incident did n't give Bartomeu any second thoughts . "  No , no . We did n't rethink this decision and we told Luis after the bite . He knows he did wrong , " Bartomeu says . "  He apologized . That 's very important for us . That means he knows that he did not do things properly -- and of course , coming to our city , coming to our club , there 's going to be a way of managing Luis Suarez , because at Liverpool he was a perfect player . Liverpool fans can tell it , supporters can tell it . " On question remains : How would Barcelona react if he bit someone again ? "  This is now a question , " Bartomeu admits . "  This is a question that a lot of people now ask us . We can not talk about something that could happen or not . We do n't know . What we know is that we accept this responsibility and he also wants this responsibility of bringing Luis Suarez to the family of football . " So confident is Barcelona that Suarez will not err again , Bartomeu has not insisted on a "  no biting " clause in the contract . "  No , there is no clause , " he confirms . "  If the clause did exist we would n't say it , but it does n't exist . " Guardiola 's return ? As the season approaches -- La Liga kicks off on August 23 -- many question marks remain over where Barcelona is headed and whether it is really "  more than a club " or susceptible to the same shenanigans as any other team in the modern game . Luis Enrique will have to hit the ground running , but Bartomeu believes that the club 's special ethos is such that few can resist its gravitational pull , even former coaches like Pep Guardiola . "  Oh I 'm sure , " Bartomeu says when asked whether Guardiola would ever return to Barcelona . "  I 'm sure that all the people that are from Barca , they have Barca in their heart , they go back to Barcelona and help the club . It 's something that has happened in the past and will continue in the future . "  I always say to a lot of people that I see a future of Barca . I hope that after 2022 ... with a lot of players that are right now playing or players that are training other teams , coming back to our team as coaches , as a sport director , as members or as presidents of the club . "  Because at the end , we are like a family . " Read Is Barcelona becoming ` Less of a Club ' ?	Barcelona president admits past year has been "  very difficult " Josep Maria Bartomeu took over as club as been rocked by controversy Bartomeu believes Pep Guardiola will one day return to the club He says Luis Suarez does not have a "  no biting " clause
Hong Kong  CNN  -- One of four Hong Kong women struck down with septic shock after receiving a "  beauty " treatment normally given to cancer patients has died . The 46-year-old died Wednesday morning at a local hospital one week after receiving DC-CIK therapy through the DR beauty center , local authorities said . According to the Hong Kong Health Department , the DC-CIK procedure involves the "  concentration and processing of blood taken from the person , and subsequent infusion of the mixture back into the patient . " It 's not clear whether any of the women who received the treatment had been diagnosed with cancer , though the Hong Kong Health Department said in an earlier statement that the 46-year-old had been in "  good past health . " The woman , who has only been identified by authorities by her surname "  Chan , " was admitted to hospital last Thursday suffering fever and diarrhea , hours after receiving the treatment . She was diagnosed with septic shock , and on Sunday authorities announced her blood samples had grown the bacterium Mycobacterium abscessus . Dr. Ho Pak-leung , President of the University of Hong Kong 's Center for Infection told CNN that , under normal circumstances , M. abscessus did not pose a threat to healthy people . "  It 's common , it 's widespread . It can be found in dust and soil and water . People often come into contact with a small number of this bacteria and it 's of no harm at all unless you have a wound , " Dr. Ho said . However , he said it appeared as though the bacteria had entered the woman 's blood . "  For blood infection involving internal organs , it 's very difficult . It has to involve multiple drugs given at the same time and there are uncertainties about the effectiveness of the treatment , " he told CNN on Monday . Three other women remain in hospital after having the treatment , health authorities said Wednesday . A 60-year-old is in critical condition , a 56-year-old woman is in serious condition , while another , 59 , is stable . Dr. Ho said the use of the DC-CIK treatment for cosmetic purposes was not something he 'd ever heard of before . "  I have serious doubts about the medical and scientific basis of the treatment , " he said . Professor KY Yuen , Chair of Infectious Diseases at the University of Hong Kong 's Department of Microbiology , said the procedure was "  only indicated for patients with metastatic cancer and often as salvage therapy when there are no other feasible options . " The Hong Kong Health Department and police are investigating the matter but , as of Wednesday morning , police said no arrests had been made . Health authorities have instructed the DR beauty clinic to halt the procedure . Over the weekend , the founder of DR , Dr. Stephen Chow Heung-wing , told local media that his staff referred clients to an independent doctor who administered the therapy . He denied suggestions that it was offered as a medical treatment . The clinic has yet to respond to CNN requests for reaction to Wednesday 's death . "  I did n't say that it can cure any diseases . Remember that we are a beauty clinic . We refer clients to doctor  s  , and we have had the clients to sign a liability-free form , which states that it is not for medical use , " he said . A statement on the beauty clinic 's website says that the treatment "  was conducted by an independent doctor at a medical clinic , and the doctor is not hired by our beauty store . " The statement also said it was up to the independent doctor to decide whether the client is suitable for treatment before he or she receives it . It added : "  We will assist related government departments to find out the causation of this particular incident . " According to its website , the DR group of clinics was established in 1995 and provides services for more than 1,000 clients each day . The ` Wild West ' of medicine Vivian Kam contributed to this report .	Woman , 46 , dies at a local hospital one week after receiving DC-CIK therapy She was one of four women being treated for septic shock after receiving the treatment DC-CIK therapy normally only offered to cancer patients , experts say Hong Kong police are investigating beauty clinic attended by the women
When Richard Mourdock delivered his notorious answer about rape and abortion , I was sorry that the debate moderator failed to follow up with the next question : "  OK , Mr. Mourdock , you say your principles require a raped woman to carry the rapist 's child to term . That 's a heavy burden to impose on someone . What would you do for her in return ? Would you pay her medical expenses ? Compensate her for time lost to work ? Would you pay for the child 's upbringing ? College education ? "  If a woman has her credit card stolen , her maximum liability under federal law is $ 50 . Yet on your theory , if she is raped , she must endure not only the trauma of assault , but also accept economic costs of potentially many thousands of dollars . Must that burden also fall on her alone ? When we used to draft men into the Army , we gave them veterans ' benefits afterward . If the state now intends to conscript women into involuntary childbearing , surely those women deserve at least an equally generous deal ? " That question sounds argumentative , and I suppose it is . Opinion : Mourdock 's rape remark and extremism But there 's a serious point here , and it extends well beyond the anguishing question of sexual assault . If you 're serious about reducing abortion , the most important issue is not which abortions to ban . The most important issue is how will you support women to have the babies they want . As a general rule , societies that do the most to support mothers and child-bearing have the fewest abortions . Societies that do the least to support mothers and child-bearing have more abortions . Germany , for example , operates perhaps the world 's plushest welfare state . Working women receive 14 weeks of maternity leave , during which time they receive pay from the state . The state pays a child allowance to the parents of every German child for potentially as many as 25 years , depending on how long as the child remains in school . Women who leave the work force after giving birth receive a replacement wage from the state for up to 14 months . Maybe not coincidentally , Germany has one of the lowest abortion rates , about one-third that of the United States . Yet German abortion laws are not especially restrictive . Abortion is legal during the first trimester of pregnancy and available if medically or psychologically necessary in the later trimesters . Even here in the United States , where parental benefits are much less generous , abortion responds to economic conditions . In the prosperous 1990s , abortion rates declined rapidly . In the less prosperous ' 00s , abortion rates declined more slowly . When the economy plunged into crisis in 2008 , abortion rates abruptly rose again . These trends should not surprise anyone . Women choose abortion for one overwhelming reason : economic insecurity . The large majority of women who chose abortion in 2008 , 57 % , reported a disruptive event in their lives in the previous 12 months : most often , the loss of a job or home . Obama on Mourdock : Male politicians should n't make abortion decisions Of the women who choose abortion , 58 % are in their 20s . Some 61 % of them already have a child . Almost 70 % of them are poor or near poor . Three-quarters say they can not afford another child . Pro-life and pro-choice debaters delight in presenting each other with exquisitely extreme moral dilemmas : "  Would you ban abortion even in case of rape ? " "  Would you permit abortion even when done only to select the sex of the child ? " These dorm-room hypotheticals do not have very much to do with the realities of abortion in the U.S. and elsewhere . Here 's an interesting example of those realities : The Netherlands has one of the the most liberal abortion laws in the world . Yet for a long time , the Netherlands also reported one of the world 's lowest abortion rates . That low incidence abruptly began to rise in the mid-1990s . Between 1996 and 2003 , the abortion rate in the Netherlands jumped by 31 % over seven years . What changed ? The Guttmacher Institute , the leading source of data on reproductive health worldwide , cites "  a growing demand for terminations from women in ethnic minority groups residing in the country . " Well over half of all abortions performed on teenagers in the Netherlands are performed on girls of non-Dutch origins . These girls and women were n't being raped . They were n't selecting for the sex of their child . They chose abortion because they had become sexually active within male-dominated immigrant subcultures in which access to birth control was restricted , in which female sexuality was tightly policed , in which girls who become pregnant outside marriage are disgraced and in which the costs and obligations of childbearing loaded almost entirely on women alone . Abortion is a product of poverty and maternal distress . A woman who enjoys the most emotional and financial security and who has chosen the timing of her pregnancy will not choose abortion , even when abortion laws are liberal . A woman who is dominated , who is poor and who fears bearing the child is likely to find an abortion , even where abortion is restricted , as it was across the United States before 1965 . Santorum : Mourdock criticism ` gotcha politics ' So maybe at the next candidates ' debate , a journalist will deflect the discussion away from "  what if " and instead ask this : "  Rather than tell us what you 'd like to ban , tell us please what you think government should do to support more happy and healthy childbearing , to reduce unwanted pregnancies and to alleviate the economic anxieties of mothers-to-be ? " Those are the questions that make the difference . It 's amazing how little we talk about them .	David Frum : People often neglect the economic reasons behind the choice to have an abortion He says those trying to reduce abortion need an answer to how to help women in need Frum : Abortion rates fell in 1990s economic boom Germany , which has generous maternity benefits , has much lower abortion rate , he says
CNN  -- If you 've ever turned on VH1  or at least passed by it while channel surfing to something with sharks  , there 's a 200 % chance that you 've seen the network 's "  I Love The ... " series , which also means that you 've stumbled upon comedian Hal Sparks waxing nostalgic on everything from Nerf footballs to the R. Kelly sex tape .  "  I Love the 70 's " and "  I Love the New Millennium , " respectively . As a regular contributor to the series , it seems as though Hal pretty much loved every decade , and everyone seemed to love Hal . In fact , in 1999 the budding comedian received his big break on TV when the E! network pegged him to host "  Talk Soup , " a show that aired the best clips from the previous day 's daily talk shows  read : people getting naked on "  Springer "  . Sparks says , "  I learned a lot more about the audience -- the Romanesque problem we have as a culture right now . ` Jerry Springer ' is just kind of the chubby , redneck version of throwing Christians to the lions . " Shortly after taking over "  Talk Soup , " Sparks landed a role on the Showtime series "  Queer as Folk " and numerous other parts on various networks . Basically , the guy started to show up just about everywhere , including big-screen appearances in "  Dickie Roberts : Former Child Star , " "  Spider-Man 2 " and as the cult leader Zoltan in "  Dude , Where 's My Car ? " Zoltan : "  Soon we will leave this lame planet and fly through outer space with cool aliens who like us ! " But if you have n't seen him on TV or in film , there 's also a chance you 've seen him on stage , singing and playing guitar for the band Zero 1 . Or , perhaps , he beat you up in a kung fu fight . Seriously , Hal has a lot of hobbies . A firm believer in the personal benefits of martial arts , Sparks says , "  If you take anything I say with any seriousness whatsoever , go study Yang style tai chi . It will make you live longer . " Apparently , the fountain of youth is n't bacon .	Hal Sparks is known for is commentary on VH1 's "  I Love The ... " series In 1999 , he hosted the E! show "  Talk Soup , " which aired funny segments from talk shows Sparks also sings and plays the guitar in a band called Zero 1
CNN  -- A former Florida police officer convicted of multiple murders in the 1980s is scheduled to be executed Tuesday , and his attorneys are still working to save his life . Manuel Pardo , 56 , was convicted of nine counts of first-degree murder in 1988 and was sentenced to death . Pardo 's attorneys argued in federal court Monday that Florida 's recent change in the drug combination it uses for lethal injections would violate their client 's civil rights . Attorney William McKinley Hennis III told U.S. Judge Timothy Corrigan that if the drugs were to be improperly mixed , the anesthetic effects would be compromised . "  Manny Pardo would be the first inmate to be executed using that new lethal injection protocol , " Hennis said . Corrigan denied the complaint , and Hennis said he would appeal the ruling . In another legal filing , the Supreme Court of Florida denied Pardo 's argument that he should have never been tried in 1988 because he was incompetent to stand trial . David Waksman , who prosecuted the case , dismissed the claim , saying , "  He was just a cold-blooded killer who used to be a cop . " Pardo 's life started on the other side of the law , according to court documents filed by his attorneys . At age 17 , he enlisted in the Navy and served honorably served from 1974 to 1978 . In 1981 , Pardo re-enlisted in the Marines and remained a reservist while he worked for the Florida Highway Patrol and the Sweetwater , Florida , Police Department . In 1985 Pardo was fired from the police department and left the reserves when , according to court documents , "  he falsely testified in court about police corruption in the Bahamas . " Hennis said the stress of losing his job , compounded with a serious undiagnosed disease , turned him into "  someone he was not , " a killer . During his trial , Pardo took the stand and admitted to the murders . "  He came up with this vigilante story , " recalls Waksman . "  He said , ` I 'm ridding the community of this vermin and technically it is not murder because they 're not human beings . ' " The only chance Pardo has to win on the competency issue is if the United States Supreme Court decides to hear his appeal . The execution is scheduled for 6 p.m. Tuesday at Florida State Prison in Starke , Florida . Read more : Life sentence closes oldest cold case Read more : MS-13 gang member gets 76 years Read more : Bus driver acquitted after 2011 New York crash	Manuel Pardo , 56 was convicted of nine murders in Florida in the 1980s Sentenced to death , he is scheduled to be executed on Tuesday His attorneys continue to appeal on competency and civil rights grounds
CNN  -- In the heart of London , one of the style capitals of the world , African fashion has found its new home . Based in the UK capital 's bustling center , Arise calls itself Africa 's first and foremost global style and culture magazine . The bimonthly publication , which has so far been printed 16 issues , first hit the newsstands in 2009 and is now sold in 26 countries across the world . Its illustrious pages are striking a chord with what the magazine calls Afropolitans -- a new generation of young and urban "  Africans of the world " who breathe fashion and are fascinated by arts and culture . Read related : Congo 's designer dandies Penny McDonald , international managing director at Arise , says there was a gap in the market for a quality offering that would showcase the wide-ranging talents of African designers while breaking stereotypes about the continent 's culture . "  There were lovely designers out there who never got a look into the traditional markets and the traditional outlets , " she says . "  We want to show the other side of the vast continent and that 's what this does . " Read related : Why African designers are finally in the fashion spotlight The large-format magazine , which was initially published every four months , was determined to be competitive amongst other fashion heavy-hitters right from the start . For its first cover back in 2009 it landed some of the fashion world 's most glistering stars , including supermodels Alek Wek and Liya Kebede . Since then , a wide array of African and international icons , including Charlize Theron , Alicia Keys and Denzel Washington , have all been featured in Arise . Read related : The Namibian women who dress like Victorians According to McDonald , convincing readers and advertisers about the magazine 's quality was the biggest challenge at the beginning . "  A lot of people in the past thought ` oh , another black publication , oh God , I 've seen it all before , it 's full of hair and make-up . ' And then they suddenly sat back and realized ` my God , actually the content is pretty solid . ' "  We have phenomenal journalists , phenomenal models and now they do want to participate . The brands are following us and that journey has been very slow , but the brands are there . The hardest battle of keeping a publication like this alive is to get the commercial viability working and that 's what we do and we push everyday to find sponsors , advertisers , just everyone to support us . " Bur apart from highlighting African style and culture through its pages , Arise is also bringing the continent 's fashion to catwalks across the world -- over the last few years the magazine has held a series of international fashion events , helping established designers and inspiring young talents to showcase their creations . Read related : Fashion week in Lagos More recently , Arise hosted its fifth show at Mercedes-Benz New York Fashion Week . Dubbed African Icons , this year 's show featured the glamorous and chic collections of five African designers : Ozwald Boateng , Tsemaye Binite , Folake Folarin-Coker of Tiffany Amber , Amaka Osakwe of Maki Oh and Gavin Rajah . "  Our aim is to create an international audience and platform for the best African fashion talent , " says Helen Jennings , editor of Arise . "  We always choose different designers who have different aesthetics , so together you get a really nice broad spectrum -- five different voices , five different perspectives of African fashion , " she adds . "  That 's the joy of it , " she adds . "  We promote Africa , but we break those barriers and those assumptions that people have that it 's all going to be wacky , overly colorful wraparound dresses or whatever " . Read more : Web boutiques bring African fashion to world market Nigerian designer Binite , who is based in Britain and has also worked for Burberry and Stella McCartney , made his second appearance at the September 6 event . His show was dominated by "  marl grey jersey tracksuits with silver embossed branding , leather bomber jackets worn with denim shorts , flesh-toned panelled illusion dresses and a floor-sweeping , blood-red evening gown , " according to Jennings . Binite says international events such as the New York show are crucial in helping the world understand what it really means to be an African fashion designer . "  I hope it will broaden people 's expectations of what African fashion is supposed to mean , " he says . "  We 're all very global in the way that we think , the experiences we 've had , the things that we do , " he says . "  I called myself a juxtaposed reality of a New Nigerian -- so I 'm very Nigerian to the core , but global in my reach and my exposure . "	Arise magazine describes itself as Africa 's global style and culture magazine The publication is sold to 26 countries around the world Arise is also holding fashion shows around the world to promote African talent It recently held its fifth show at Mercedes-Benz New York Fashion Week
CNN  -- Phil Mickelson fought off a nasty virus and his co-overnight leader Nick Watney to land the WGC-CA Championship on the Blue Monster Course at Doral . Mickelson holds the winning trophy aloft after a last-day battle in Florida . It was the second title of the year for Mickelson , who had been treated for heat exhaustion and dehydration before carding a last day 69 for a 19-under total of 269 . Watney finished a shot back , coming up a fraction short with a birdie putt on the tough 18th which would have forced a playoff . World No. 1 Tiger Woods produced his second 68 of the weekend to finish tied for ninth on 11-under in the first strokeplay event of his comeback . Jim Furyk provided the last-day challenge to the leaders with a closing 67 for 16 - under , with India 's Jeev Milkha Singh fourth at 14-under and England 's Oliver Wilson tied fifth with Colombia 's Camilo Villegas after a brilliant closing 66 . Miickelson was claiming his first World Golf Championship victory , coming hard on the heels on his win at the Northern Trust Open in Los Angeles . "  I fought hard all day and was n't really able to pay attention to some of the great shots that Nick hit because I was so worried about keeping my energy level high and steady throughout the round , " Mickelson told the Press Association . "  I have n't eaten much in three days and I fought hard . I knew I was playing some of my best golf coming in here and I was playing well so I 'm very excited to have finished it off . " The lead had changed hands three times between Mickelson and Watney over the front nine with Watney holing in a chip at the ninth from 80 feet to stay in the hunt . A bogey on the 11th saw Watney trail again and after both men bogeyed the 12th it was left for Mickelson to hold his nerve in the closing holes . Both men hit fine shots to the closing par-four hole , with Watney 's putt coming up agonizingly short . "  I ca n't believe I left it short , " he said . "  Unfortunately I just did n't hit it hard enough . "  I 'm pleased with the way I played . Right now it still hurts to finish second -- disappointing to come up one shot short . But overall it was a positive week , and I 've just got to keep working hard . " Northern Ireland teenager Rory McIlroy slipped off the pace in the final round with a one-over 73 , but still achieved his second consecutive top-20 finish in his debut on the PGA Tour . He was bracketed at nine-under with , among others , Luke Donald  72  , Ernie Els  70  , Padraig Harrington  71  and Justin Rose  68  .	Phil Mickelson claims $ 1.4 million first prize at the WGC-CA Championship Mickelson holds off co-overnight leader Nick Watney by one stroke at Doral Returning world number one Tiger Woods finishes tied for ninth place after 68
CNN  -- They 're young , fabulously wealthy and have blue blood coursing through their veins . Meet the "  20 Hottest Young Royals " in the world , compiled by influential fortune tracker , Forbes magazine . Britain 's Prince William has been named "  Hottest Young Royal " in the world by Forbes magazine . The magazine used the "  winning combinations of looks , money , and popularity on the Web " to come up with the list , it says . Only unmarried royals under the age of 35 were considered . The Forbes list proved to be a Royal knockout for British royalty . They came in the top four of hottest young royals in the world . With his piercing blue eyes and lantern jaw , reminiscent of a movie star , Britain 's Prince William , perhaps unsurprisingly , came in at Number 1 . The magazine describes him as having : "  international intrigue and unparalleled media attention , " combined with a "  graceful public persona . " Although his crown slipped somewhat recently when he was accused of abusing his newly-acquired flying skills by "  joyriding . " Watch who people on the street think is the hottest " His relationship with girlfriend Kate Middleton is the subject of feverish speculation and an engagement announcement is eagerly anticipated by the British media . Seemingly always languishing in William 's shadow , his brother , Prince Harry , placed second on the list . Harry has always been known as the "  bad boy prince " because of some rather unroyal behavior , such as brawling with paparazzi outside nightclubs and going to a fancy dress party dressed in Nazi regalia . However , he has latterly re-invented himself as the "  Hero prince " after a tour of duty in Afghanistan fighting the Taliban in March . Sound off : Is Prince William the world 's hottest young royal ? William and Harry 's cousins Zara Phillips and Princess Beatrice also came in at No. 3 and 4 respectively . The inclusion in the list should be good news for Princess Beatrice , who recently attracted unkind comments from Britain 's newspaper columnists about her curvy figure and her dress sense . The sight of Beatrice , 19 , pictured on holiday in a bikini proved too much for Daily Mail newspaper columnist Allison Pearson , who wrote : "  Ca n't someone buy that girl a sarong ? For her sake , as well as ours . " This led to an angry counterattack from Beatrice 's mum , Sarah Ferguson , who thundered at a news conference to promote a reality show : "  Touch me , fine , but do n't touch my children . " The 20 featured on the list represent almost $ 60 billion in wealth and 15 royal lineages from around the world -- including some rather obscure names that even the most ardent royalist might be hard pushed to recognize . Princess Sikhanyiso of Swaziland anyone ? Coming in at Number 20 , the eldest daughter of King Mswati III of Swaziland , Africa 's last absolute monarch , is currently a speech and drama major at Biola University in California . A controversial princess who raises eyebrows in her homeland with her Western-style clothes and a decision to hold a drinking party to celebrate the end of a chastity decree in 2005 resulted in a beating with a stick . Fourth in line to the Monaco throne , Charlotte Casiraghi , is the only non-Brit to make it into the top 5 . A style icon , who is known for her impeccable taste in fashion and her good looks -- much like her grandmother , Hollywood icon , Grace Kelly and mother Princess Caroline . Her brother , party prince Andrea Casiraghi , also makes an appearance on the list at Number 10 . But it seems even his Hollywood lineage -- as well as his sun-kissed surfer looks were not enough to give William and Harry a run for their money in the pin-up stakes .	Prince William tops list of ` Hottest Royal ' list compiled by Forbes magazine British young royals came in top four spot of the list Forbes : List based on combinations of looks , money , popularity on the Web
CNN  -- Security at the G-20 summit in London , England , is tight as protesters fill the streets . CNN anchor Kiran Chetry spoke Wednesday with Frances Townsend , who was Homeland Security adviser under the Bush administration , about the security . Townsend now is a national security contributor on CNN . CNN national security contributor Frances Townsend says police have three objectives in terms of G-20 security . Kiran Chetry , CNN anchor : Thanks for being with us this morning . And as we look at those pictures , it 's very interesting to hear what police officers are saying , because usually they try to downplay these types of events , right ? And say things like , it 's under control , they 're keeping things calm . In this case , they 're calling it almost an unprecedented level of activity and something that really took them . They called it one of the most challenging and complicated public order operations that Scotland Yard has ever devised . What are they looking at today as they try to make sure that these protests maintain a peaceful nature ? Frances Townsend , CNN national security contributor : Well , there 's no question , Kiran , that it is unprecedented in London . But remember , going back several years ago to the G-8 summit in Genoa where Italian police confronted protesters , it turned violent . There was an investigation about the use of force by police . The police were ultimately cleared there . But after that , all the G-20 countries looked at how they handle civil disobedience and protest . Watch more about the protests " I do n't think there 's -- other than American authorities , I ca n't think of anybody better prepared than Scotland Yard to deal with this sort of level of interest and involvement by protesters . The key here is to keep everybody safe and for it not to turn violent , for nobody to get hurt , none of the dignitaries and none of the protesters . And I think what the British police , Scotland Yard , are trying to signal to folks is , this is complicated . They take it seriously , but the idea is to let world leaders get together , have their discussions without the distraction of violent protests . And I think the British are likely very well prepared to deal with this . Chetry : We 're looking at these pictures , Fran . We 've seen the crowds grow actually just in the past hour or two . And at one point , protesters pushed against these police barricades that were set up outside of the Bank of England , shouting things like "  abolish money . " They 've arrested six people so far , but how do they -- I mean , I know they planned for this , but as the crowds start to swell , what are the biggest challenges and how do you protect the public ? Townsend : Well , Kiran , what you saw when these crowds began to surge was the police , the Scotland Yard police officers linked arms , which is a common technique . They train for this . And they train for crowd surge . The idea is they have three primary objectives in any major protest . One , protect the dignitaries , the safety of the dignitaries . Two , keep transportation routes open so the dignitaries can get their business done . And third , what you 're seeing now is , allow peaceful protests , and do everything you can to prevent them from turning violent . They 're right to worry about that . Remember when Prime Minister Tony Blair hosted the G-8 , you had the terrorist attacks on the train bombing in London , which was very disruptive . So what they 're looking for is , in these crowds of peaceful protesters , is there someone -- are those in those crowds that would take , look to take advantage to disrupt it , a terrorist attack and that sort of thing ? So I think the London police are right to worry about this , but they 've got thousands of police officers to try and control the surging crowds . And this will be their challenge today , to allow the leaders to be safe , conduct their business , but to permit peaceful protests that do n't turn violent . Chetry : Right ... You spoke about just how orderly and prepared Scotland Yard is . You gave them major kudos for the fact that they really did put together a really challenging and complicated public order/operation here to make sure things did not get out of hand . What do you see as we 're watching these pictures and we 're seeing the protests grow as their biggest challenge today , Fran ? Townsend : Well , as I said , Kiran , three objectives . Remember , they 've got to protect the dignitaries . Two , they 've got to keep transportation routes open so the dignitaries can get back and forth and conduct their business . And third is to allow these peaceful protests to continue without turning violent . And one of the ways you do that is with an overwhelming presence . -LSB- CNN anchor -RCB- T.J. -LSB- Holmes -RSB- mentioned mobilizing 10,000 police officers . That 's the way . That 's an overwhelming presence , and what you do is you allow them the freedom to speak and to protest , but you 're protecting them at the same time and not letting it get out of hand . It looks , you know , it 's good weather . It 's a nice day in London . It 's a pretty afternoon . And as long as they 've got the ability to muster the protesters around the Bank of England , it should remain pretty peaceful , and leaders can get their business conducted safely . Chetry : Fran Townsend , thanks so much .	CNN national security contributor talks about police presence at G-20 summit Overwhelming presence of police is key , Frances Townsend says Police aim to protect dignitaries , keep streets open , allow peaceful protests
CNN  -- A surveillance video captures the moment when a store clerk in Florida survived a bullet , thanks to his cell phone . It shows a robber pointing his gun at the clerk as he walks away from the counter . The clerk doubles over after the bullet strikes . But the clerk survived the shooting without serious injury because the bullet hit the cell phone he had in his front pocket . In the surveillance video , aired by CNN affiliate WESH , the clerk can be seen lifting his shirt to check for wounds . His co-worker , meanwhile , describes the close shave in a 911 call . "  My partner was , he was hit , I think it hit his phone , " she says in a recording of the call released by police and aired by WESH . "  But he was hit , he was injured . " The dispatcher asks her where the victim is now . "  He 's standing up , " the worried co-worker replies . "  The bullet did n't go through , but it hit him . " The clerk 's lucky escape happened Monday at the store of a Hess gas station in Winter Garden , Florida . The robber had pulled out a revolver and demanded that the store clerks open the safe . When they were unable to do so , he left , firing one shot at the male clerk . The clerk experienced chest pains from the impact , but he was quickly released from a hospital after being checked for injuries , authorities said . His HTC smartphone came off worse . A photo showed its screen shattered around a hole where the bullet had lodged . Police have said he was very lucky to have escaped almost unharmed from the shooting . No arrests had been made in the case as of Wednesday evening , according to WESH .	The store clerk doubles over after the bullet hits him , a surveillance video shows He survived without serious injury because his cell phone blocked it "  The bullet did n't go through , but it hit him , " his co-worker says in a 911 call The shooting happened during an attempted robbery at a gas station in Florida
Bangkok  CNN  -- Four people have been killed in a fire that swept through a popular nightclub in the early hours of Friday morning on the Thai island of Phuket . It 's not known whether those killed were Thai nationals or foreign tourists , as the bodies were burnt beyond recognition , director of Patong Hospital , Bhumin Silapan , told CNN . Eleven others were being treated in the same hospital , including seven Thais and four French nationals . One of the French patients was in a serious condition with 40 % burns and receiving oxygen , Silapan said . Police are still trying to determine the cause of the blaze but the officer in charge of the case told CNN that it 's believed a transformer near the Tiger Pub , also known as Soi Tiger , on Bangla Road , Patong , caught fire . "  I am interviewing many witnesses so I ca n't conclude the exact cause until I gather more information and evidence , " Lt. Colonel Jongserm Preecha said Friday . Unconfirmed reports stated the fire was caused by a lightning strike which hit the transformer , according to Agence France-Presse  AFP  , which quoted Phuket deputy governor Chamroen Tipayapongtada . Phuket is popular holiday resort for foreign tourists and the Tiger Bar is described by one online travel guide as "  one of the most popular places to have a drink in all of Phuket . " "  Every single night the entire bar area of Tiger is packed with bar girls and tourists and it is like this throughout the night , " according to a review on Phuket-Fever . com . Forensic experts were expected to arrive at the hospital Friday afternoon to identify the dead .	Blaze spread through popular nightclub in Phuket , Thailand , killing four Forensic experts to identify dead who were burnt beyond recognition Police tell CNN the fire broke out at a transformer near Tiger Pub Phuket is a popular destination for international tourists
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A U.S. Army Criminal Investigations Division investigator has recommended changing the official manner of death for a soldier electrocuted while showering at his base in Iraq from "  accidental " to "  negligent homicide , " according to an e-mail from the investigator obtained by CNN . Ryan Maseth , a 24-year-old Green Beret , died in a shower at his base in Iraq on January 2 , 2008 . The investigator blames KBR , the largest U.S. contractor in Iraq , and two KBR supervisors for the incident , saying there is "  credible information ... they failed to ensure that work was being done by qualified electricians and plumbers , and to inspect the work that was being conducted . " The e-mail , written late last year , says the investigation report was being reviewed by CID headquarters for a legal opinion to determine probable cause before the case could be referred to the military court system or the Department of Justice for possible action . No charges have been filed . Sgt. Ryan Maseth 's manner of death has not officially been changed , CID spokesman Christopher Grey told CNN . "  It may change , but not at this time , " he said , adding that the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology would make that determination . KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne told CNN the company "  can not comment on the report by an unidentified Army investigator because we have not seen the report . " "  KBR 's investigation has produced no evidence that KBR was responsible for Sgt. Maseth 's death , " Browne said . "  We have cooperated fully with all government agencies investigating this matter and will do so in the future . " CNN first reported the death of Maseth , a highly decorated , 24-year-old Green Beret , last spring . His January 2 , 2008 , death was just one of many fatalities now believed to be linked to shoddy electrical work at U.S. bases managed by U.S. contractors , according to Pentagon sources . The Pentagon 's Defense Contract Management Agency last year gave KBR a "  Level III Corrective Action Request " -- issued only when a contractor is found in "  serious non-compliance " and just one step below the possibility of suspending or terminating a contract , Pentagon officials said . In KBR 's case , it means the contractor 's inspections and efforts to ensure electrical safety for troops have been unacceptable and must be significantly improved , Pentagon sources told CNN . The CID investigator 's e-mail says work orders to address problems resulted in "  fixes -LSB- that -RSB- were only temporary and not done to ensure no future problems would arise . " The Pentagon and its contract agency have declined requests for an interview to answer questions about Maseth 's death or the other cases . Just after Maseth 's electrocution , Pentagon officials estimated that about a dozen troops had been electrocuted in Iraq . But Pentagon officials now say at least 18 troops have been electrocuted since 2003 -- many due to faulty wiring and improper grounding . The number could be higher if deaths from Afghanistan are included , said congressional sources . KBR 's contract in Iraq is vast and encompasses numerous responsibilities including the upkeep of U.S. bases and providing basic services on the bases . The 18 electrocutions occurred in different places and under different circumstances . At least two lawsuits have been filed against KBR , including one by Maseth 's family , and investigators are trying to determine precisely what role , if any , KBR played in the circumstances that led to those deaths .	Manner of death should be changed from "  accidental , " Army investigator writes U.S. soldier electrocuted while showering at his base in Iraq in 2008 Investigator : Contractor did n't ensure electricians , plumbers were qualified No charges have been filed ; soldier 's family is suing contractor
CNN  After two days of deliberation , jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all counts in the Boston Marathon bombing . The verdict is n't surprising . What might be , however , is the answer to how we prevent this kind of violence from happening again . Because there could be other more young men just like him , which means the lessons we take from Boston will affect whether we can keep America and Americans safer . Today , nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are Muslim . By 2050 , Pew reports , that will be some 1 out of 3 . By 2070 ? Well , I 'll quote the all-caps headline reprinted by the Drudge Report : "  Muslims to outnumber Christians ! " Many Americans read such numbers and worry : Will this mean more Dzhokhar Tsarnaevs ? But that 's only if you believe Islam causes extremism , which many have argued . And that 's wrong , of course . On the other hand , there are people who claim Islam has nothing to do with terrorism . Which is true -- and false . Sure , the Islamic faith forbids murder , but there 's a small but significant minority of Muslims murdering people in terrible ways , and in Islam 's name . Understanding what leads young Muslims like Dzhokhar down a dangerous path requires we understand radicalization . At any given moment in the Middle East , we have little idea who 's going to attack whom next , who 's on whom 's side , how this is going to end , or what anyone 's even fighting over anymore . This bad news is going to turn worse before it gets better . But it will get better . To understand why , we have to take a stab at understanding what radicalizes Muslims Contrary to common belief , Muslims are n't unusually predisposed to violence . Radical Islam , which has taken on an ugly life of its own , began at the intersection of politics , religion and religious identity . Islam is about what you believe , but it 's also about being part of a community . And what happens when you are a member of a community and you see it under attack ? Some Muslims who have turned to violence have done so with good intentions  the road to hell , after all  . Consider : The tragedy of modern Islam is in its endless sequence of tragedies . Before my time , the brutal Soviet invasion of Afghanistan horrified many Muslims . When I was in high school , Bosnia occupied all our attention . There was of course Russia 's brutal war on the Chechen people -- Dzhokhar shares his name with a recent Chechen patriot -- and Israel 's ongoing occupation of the Palestinian territories . And the blows against Muslims do n't end there . There was Serbia 's war on Kosovo , another war in Chechnya , the invasion of Iraq , oppression in Myanmar , civil strife in Syria , the colonization of East Turkestan , massacres of Muslims in the Central African Republic , wars on a besieged Gaza and West Bank still under Israeli rule . Imagine how this looks to a restless young Muslim . Countless places where co-religionists have been killed , and nobody seems to do anything about it . Nobody even wants to . Extremists have long offered crude reasons for why the violence was happening , and then moved quickly to a single , tempting , terrible response : Take up arms -- and kill . In her new book , "  Heretic : Why Islam Needs a Reformation Now " , Ayaan Hirsi Ali argues that extremism is n't caused by political circumstances , but by Islam itself . Her conclusion is wrong . To fight extremism , we do n't need to reform Islam . We need to show young Muslims that extremism is doing the opposite of what it claimed to . Rather than help Muslims , it 's harming them . When I was a teenager , our Massachusetts mosque hosted a delegation from Bosnia that shared graphic , heartbreaking stories of rape , exile , and massacre inflicted on Muslims , all because of their faith . The mosque raised money , collected food , blankets , medicine . Promises were made to provide more , and regularly . But we all knew that was n't enough . As we left the mosque , my peers and I were disgruntled and confused . Shocked . Angry . Our teachers could 've told us : Go and fight . Defend your Muslim brothers and sisters who are under siege . Or they could 've told us to keep our heads down and make money and live comfortably . Neither answer would have satisfied . Fortunately for us , they offered us a third way . They showed us , patiently , how to work with others , how to compromise , how to get things done . A more engaged American Muslim community , they explained , could use its resources to help people suffering all around the world . They were right . We saw the dead-end road of radicalism from afar , but we also saw , up close , how communities that isolated themselves and turned inward found themselves powerless , ineffectual and ignored . Thanks to social media , a medium that the world 's burgeoning young Muslim population is increasingly comfortable with , more Muslims can and will see this , too . Radicalism will be done in by fellow Muslims who want to save their religion from this monster within it . It 's happening already . Our national conversation about Islam is focused on the wrong issues . Does Islam need a Reformation ? What in Islam causes violence ? We would do a lot better if we accepted that Muslims the world over have real grievances -- dictatorships , corruption , foreign intervention , religious illiteracy , lack of economic opportunity -- and radicals exploit these . We need to show the young Dzhokhars that , if they want to help , then violence is n't going to help . To fight extremism , we need to pose this question to young Muslims : "  Do you want to help your brothers and sisters in faith ? " Because those who claim to be defending us are making things so much worse . Their narrative has failed . Their solution is bankrupt . The Caliph wears no clothes . It 's the reason why increasing numbers of Muslims reject extremism -- and not just because our numbers are increasing .	Haroon Moghul : Tsarnaev found guilty in terrorist bombing of Boston Marathon . How to prevent future such acts by young Muslims ? Pew reports by 2050 , one in 4 will be Muslim . Many equate terror with Islam . Not true , but we should grasp what causes radicalization Moghul : Muslims see their community besieged around world , some think solution is violence . They must be shown other way to help
