CNN Student News  -- March 1 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Chile • Orlando , Florida • Indonesia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : You 're at the beginning of a new month , a new week and a new day of commercial-free headlines from CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Chile Earthquake AZUZ : Safety and food : top priorities in Chile after the country was jolted by a massive earthquake over the weekend . It struck very early Saturday morning when most people were sleeping . It registered a magnitude of 8.8 ; very powerful . A scientist with the U.S. Geological Survey says it released about 500 times more energy than the quake that hit Haiti in January . More than 90 aftershocks have been recorded in Chile , many of those pretty powerful in their own right . The damage : tremendous . As of yesterday evening , the quake was being blamed for more than 700 deaths . It affected 2 million people , caused serious damage to around half a million homes . Chile 's president called it an "  unthinkable disaster . " She declared a "  state of catastrophe " in some regions that were hardest hit . State of catastrophe meaning that government aid is available ; it 's going to get to victims as fast as they can get it to them . However , the president also pointed out the recovery efforts will take quite a while . PRESIDENT MICHELLE BACHELET , CHILE  TRANSLATED  : We see the size and the dimension of this catastrophe is going to require a gigantic effort from the private and public sectors , not only now , but it 's going to take us a long time in the future . We are in front of an emergency that has no point of reference in the past of Chile , in Chile 's history . AZUZ : As you can see on this map coming up right here , Chile is a long country . It runs down the western side of South America , along the Pacific Ocean . It 's home to about 16 and a half million people . And the coastal region actually has a history of earthquakes . Since 1973 , there have been 13 quakes there with a magnitude of at least 7.0 . Because of that , experts say that newer buildings are built to help withstand the shocks . So , while the devastation caused by this quake is certainly severe , it 's part of the reason why it might not be as bad as what we saw in Haiti . However , the effects of this tremor were felt far away . In fact , the entire Pacific was under a tsunami warning ; large waves that form in the ocean . They can be triggered by earthquakes . The warning for the tsunami , later canceled for all countries . But listen to this : Hawaii , Australia and Japan , locations that are thousands of miles away from Chile , all experienced waves that were triggered by this quake . Northeast Snowstorm AZUZ : Heavy snow was the big story in the northeastern U.S. over the weekend again . This is the third major storm to hit the area in a month . And over the course of February , New York City set a new , all-time record for snowfall . This storm knocked out power to about 700,000 homes and businesses around the Northeast . That includes almost 225,000 in New York alone . According to one meteorologist , another round of severe winter weather could be coming this week . Is this Legit ? PAUL CHAMBERS , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? A term in the U.S. House of Representatives lasts four years . Nope ! A House term is two years , which means all 435 voting members are up for election this year . Election Expectations AZUZ : That election 's coming up this November ; campaign season has begun . Democrats currently control both the House and Senate . And here 's what House Speaker Nancy Pelosi predicted about her party 's election chances : REP. NANCY PELOSI ,  D  CALIFORNIA , HOUSE SPEAKER : The Democrats will retain the majority in the House of Representatives . I 'm not yielding one grain of sand . We 're fighting for every seat , but we are ready . AZUZ : Meantime , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell talked about Republican chances : SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL ,  R  KENTUCKY , SENATE MINORITY LEADER : Obviously , we 're optimistic . But in the meantime , we need to be doing the people 's business and not trying to predict what the environment may be in November . If the election were today , we 'd have a very good day . AZUZ : And here 's what registered voters said in a recent CNN/Opinion Research Corporation Poll : 63 percent felt that most members of Congress do n't deserve to be re-elected ; 34 percent said they do . SeaWorld Show AZUZ : SeaWorld shows with orca , or killer , whales are back on again . The shows were suspended for three days after an accident involving one of the animals at the Orlando SeaWorld . It claimed the life of a trainer , Dawn Brancheau . The theme park , as well as two government agencies , are looking into this accident . Meantime , SeaWorld is putting new policies in place with regard to how trainers interact with the whales . Hundreds of people attended the orca show in Orlando on Saturday , the first one since the accident . It began with a tribute to Brancheau and a standing ovation for her fellow trainers . Some of the visitors who were there for the show talked about the experience . UNIDENTIFIED MALE # 1 : I think it was great that they moved forward . I wished they would have said a little bit more , actually , about it , what had happened and what was going to happen . Because obviously everyone there was anxious and curious about what the future is . UNIDENTIFIED MALE # 2 : It was n't a happy atmosphere . We all stood up for the remembrance and we cheered the trainers . This Day in History -LSB- GRAPHIC -RSB- Salem Witch Trials -- Incident involved accusations of witchcraft . First charges issued on March 1 , 1692 . In all , 150 people imprisoned ; 19 convicted and hanged . -LSB- GRAPHIC -RSB- Peace Corps -- Established by President John F. Kennedy March 1 , 1961 . Promotes world peace and friendship . Volunteers work in developing countries . Nearly 200,000 volunteers and trainees to date . Record Setting Medals AZUZ : And some more history being made in Vancouver as the U.S. racks up the most medals ever by one country in a Winter Olympics . 37 total medals , when you add up gold , silver and bronze . This also marks the first time since 1932 that the U.S. has been first place in the overall medal count at a Winter Games . Adopt a Tiger ? AZUZ : All right , our next story today is about owning a cat ; it 's not so unusual . Some people might have a chance to adopt a rare breed , though , thanks to a plan being considered by Indonesia . The thing is , these cats weigh up to 500 pounds ! That 's 'cause they 're tigers ! And all you need to get one is a big chunk of money . As Arwa Damon explains , some people are concerned about the consequences of this . BEGIN VIDEO ARWA DAMON , CNN CORRESPONDENT , JAKARTA : Ever dream of owning a tiger ? If you are in Indonesia , it just might be possible . These Sumatran tigers at the safari park outside of Jakarta could soon be up for adoption . It 's part of a conservation initiative the government is considering . For a $ 100,000 deposit , ordinary citizens would be allowed to care for a pair of these critically endangered wild cats in their own backyard , as long as it 's at least a tenth the size of a football field . DARORI , INDONESIAN DIRECTOR GENERAL , FOREST PROTECTION AND CONSERVATION -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : We hope that this program will help to eradicate poaching , because in Indonesia or abroad , a lot of people want to have tigers as pets . But because it 's illegal , they go and buy dead tigers . DAMON : With this option , Darori says , the ones in the wild will be left alone . Illegal poaching and an 80 percent loss of tiger habitat in Sumatra has caused their numbers in the wild to dwindle down to a few hundred . These guys do look like they would make absolutely adorable pets right now . But they 're not going to stay this small or this cuddly for long . Officials are saying that they do believe that this program will be successful , because it 's based on a similar initiative that they launched earlier for the Balinese mynah bird that was on the verge of extinction . Problem is , caring for a bird the size of a pidgeon and caring for a tiger , not exactly the same thing . Now , they are very small . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE TIGER KEEPER : Yes , very small . DAMON : In nine months , they will be this big . With big appetites . The keepers were all stunned to hear that their tigers could end up as household pets . The keepers here go through a rigorous training program , Arsyad explains . The government says it 's planning on assigning keepers to each pair that is adopted . Conservationists say animals like these belong in the wild , not as a backyard symbol of prestige . Arwa Damon , CNN , Bogor , Indonesia . END VIDEO Blog Promo AZUZ : Under consideration in Utah : an optional senior year ; letting high school students graduate as juniors . Not a popular idea with some students , but it would save the school money , something you are constantly hearing about in this recession . We want to hear what you 've seen in your school . Field trips canceled ? Bigger class sizes ? Tell us at CNNStudentNews.com . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , you better watch your mouth ! Especially if you live in California . What the ... ?!? The State House has passed a resolution that would make the first week of March "  Cuss Free Week . " A time to silence the swears . Police officers wo n't be washing out anybody 's mouth with soap . The idea is just to make things a little more polite , even if it 's only for a few days . This was actually inspired by a student . Goodbye AZUZ : He started the no cussing idea in his school , but lawmakers swear it can work for the state . Okay , we can bleep today 's pun on air . But our transcript includes every word we say . So if you were to go to , say , CNNStudentNews.com , for example , no one could stop you from finding out what we said . Have a great day . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Assess the impact of a massive earthquake that struck in Chile Hear predictions from both parties about U.S. midterm elections Consider an adoption program that could turn tigers into pets Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- West Florissant Avenue runs parallel to South Florissant Road , separated by several blocks . But the division runs much deeper . The two thoroughfares tell the story of two cities in one , of the gulf between class and race . Some white residents told me they lived in a bubble : They own homes off South Florissant Road , eat in restaurants there and rarely venture into the streets that were familiar to Michael Brown , the black teenager who was shot and killed by white police Officer Darren Wilson on August 9 . Black residents who live in the patchwork of homes and apartments off West Florissant Avenue sounded a similar note . They , too , lived detached from other parts of Ferguson . On Monday , I walked both these Ferguson streets that have been unwittingly thrust into the news . I wanted to get a sense of the place , the people and the mood before a grand jury decides whether to indict Wilson . I also wanted to capture the contrast . South Florissant went through a revival , though signs of a city in decline still exist in the form of shuttered storefronts . There 's an upscale wine bar , bicycle shop , a brew house and a plaza for concerts . It 's walkable -- hence the district 's name , Citywalk -- and quaint . It 's a huge source of pride for Ferguson . But after Brown 's death , business owners on South Florissant have suffered . Not as much as those on West Florissant Avenue , but they have lost money and are now fearful of what might happen after a grand jury decision is made public . Complete coverage on Ferguson Scroll through my Instagram photos below to see the people and places of Ferguson . First , South Florissant Road : West Florissant Avenue West Florissant intersects with Canfield Drive , where Michael Brown was killed . A memorial was erected where his body lay on the street for four hours . West Florissant has been declining for many years , a victim of white flight from the area . The St. Louis Great Streets Initiative was already looking into revamping West Florissant 's commercial area and said in a study that it was not pedestrian-friendly or diverse . Unlike South Florissant Road , there are no upscale restaurants here . There 's a McDonald 's and Chinese fast food . There 's also a barbecue place that was very badly hit because of its location next to the QuikTrip gas station , which became ground zero for violent protests and was burned down . Police armed with tear gas confronted protesters on West Florissant in August . In the weeks since , many businesses had removed the plywood boards covering their doors and windows , but now they are back up again in expectation of more unrest . One place that has never been boarded up is the Ferguson Burger Bar & More . Owner Charles Davis puts his faith in God and in the community . He is confident he -- and West Florissant Avenue -- will be OK . Read and see more about West Florissant : Follow CNN 's Moni Basu on Twitter	Two parallel roads in Ferguson are separated by several blocks , but the division runs deep South Florissant Road has enjoyed a revival with more upscale shops and restaurants West Florissant Avenue has been in decline and is boarded up ahead of grand jury decision
CNN  -- The U.S. is considering new security measures at airports due to increased concern that terrorists from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula are developing explosives designed to avoid detection by current security screening , U.S. officials tell CNN . Officials tell CNN there is no imminent threat or plot ; however , an additional vulnerability has been identified , which the Department of Homeland Security is working to address . "  DHS regularly monitors intelligence related to terrorist groups seeking to do us harm . DHS regularly re-evaluates our security apparatus , which includes a number of measures both seen and unseen , to fit an ever evolving threat environment , " an agency official tells CNN . In recent months , U.S. officials have warned about al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula terrorists attempting to design new explosive devices to avoid detection . In February , the government warned airlines about possible shoe bombs , officials told CNN at the time , amid intelligence suggesting tactics tied to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula master bomb-maker Ibrahim al Asiri . A law enforcement source said the U.S. periodically receives information on attempts by those believed to have been trained by al Asiri to develop bombs that could defeat screening systems .	There is no imminent threat or plot , officials say Homeland Security is addressing additional vulnerability , they say Recent warnings have focused on al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula
CNN  Islamist militants freed about 250 Yazidis held captive for more than six months in Iraq , a local official said Sunday . Most of those released Saturday were children and the elderly , said Saman Jabari , the Kurdistan Democratic Party leader . Once they were freed , they walked up to a Peshmerga checkpoint southwest of the city of Kirkuk , according to Jabari . They are now under the care of Kurdish authorities . Yazidis are among Iraq 's smallest minorities . They are of Kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism . Yazidi survivor recalls horror of evading ISIS and death One of the oldest religious communities in the world , they have long suffered persecution , with many Muslims referring to them as devil worshippers . The militant group ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , steamrolled into Iraq 's north last year , forcing hundreds of thousands of minorities from their homes . The U.S. State Department estimates that 500,000 Yazidis live in northern Iraq , accounting for less than 1 % of the country 's population . Yazidi refugees braced for life in exile	Most of those released were children and the elderly They are now under the care of Kurdish authorities
CNN  -- Authorities have launched a homicide investigation after identifying a body found in a rural western Tennessee county as that of Karen Swift , a mother of four last seen six weeks ago , authorities said . Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Special Agent in Charge John Mehr said the body was discovered Saturday in Dyer County . "  It 's very emotional for Mr. Swift and the family , " Timothy Naifeh , a lawyer for the woman 's husband , David Swift , said in a statement . "  They 're asking at least for this period of time to have some privacy -- it 's time for grieving and it 's time for mourning . It 's heartbreaking and it 's very , very sad . " Karen Swift had filed for divorce from her husband on October 10 . No lingering issues appeared to have been outlined in those court documents , with the couple seeming to agree on a custody arrangement and child support payments for their younger children , among other details . It was 20 days later , at 1:30 a.m. October 30 , that Swift was last seen alive outside her home , according to a previous statement from the Dyer County Sheriff 's Office . Her friends had told CNN affiliate WMC that Swift , a 44-year-old mother of four , had just returned home from a Halloween party . Her car , a 2004 white Nissan Murano , was recovered soon thereafter on a main road in northern Dyer County with a flat tire , according to police . Her disappearance prompted a massive ground and aerial search , Dyer County Sheriff Jeff Box noted in early November . The missing woman 's brother , Jeffrey Johnson , told HLN 's Nancy Grace on November 21 that authorities also searched the Obion River after finding some old clothes nearby . Box said in an e-mail Monday that the body , later identified as Swift , was found "  concealed ... by undergrowth and vegetation for some time " around 1:30 p.m. Saturday off Harness Road . This runs between Route 78 and Millsfield Highway about nine miles north of downtown Dyersburg . The body was sent to the Shelby County Medical Examiner 's Office in Memphis , where it was identified on Sunday as Swift using dental records , according to Box . The sheriff wrote Monday that a homicide investigation , rather than a missing person 's case , is now being conducted into the woman 's death . In addition to two older children , Swift leaves behind 6 - and 9-year-old girls . Weeks ago , Johnson said those girls were "  in shock " with their mother gone . "  We 're doing everything we can to be together right now , " Preston Swift , an older son of Swift , added November 22 to HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell . "  My father and I have been doing everything we can to help  his two youngest siblings  deal with the situation . " CNN 's Rich Porter and HLN 's Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	NEW : The deceased woman filed for divorce from her husband October 10 Karen Swift , 44 , was last seen at her home early on the morning of October 30 A sheriff says the body had been "  concealed  by  vegetation for some time " A lawyer for the dead woman 's husband calls the news "  heartbreaking "
CNN  -- As an American , I am appalled by Dick Cheney and his relentless , pathetic and ultimately doomed effort to revise the history of his failures . But as a Democrat , I am thrilled that an incompetent , dishonest and reviled figure is hell-bent on making himself the face of the Republican Party , hogging the spotlight from rising stars like Rand Paul , Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio -- and eclipsing more honorable Republicans from the Bush era , like Colin Powell . Cheney 's endless media appearances , including this remarkable interview with CNN 's Jake Tapper , reveal a nearly sociopathic refusal to admit any error , express any remorse , apologize for any mistake . And so let us review the Cheney record : No vice president has done more damage to our country , not even Vice President Aaron Burr , who shot and killed Alexander Hamilton 210 years ago . In the first months of the Bush-Cheney administration , Cheney was ordered to convene a task force on terrorism . Instead , he ignored the problem , the Cheney terror task force never met , and the warnings about an impending terrorist attack were ignored . Later , instead of apologizing , Cheney cravenly blamed the White House counterterrorism czar  PDF  , Dick Clarke , who had tried to warn anyone who would listen that an attack was coming . "  Richard Clarke was the head of the counterterrorism program in the run up to 9/11 , " Cheney said . "  He obviously missed it . " Blaming the guy who did his job when you 're the one who did n't do yours . From there , it was off to the races , as Cheney did and said anything to drag America into a war with Iraq . The good folks at Vox have compiled a damning indictment of Cheney 's deep dishonesty about Iraq . In the interest of brevity , let me focus on a few lowlights : He said the lead 9/11 hijacker "  did go to Prague , and he did meet with a senior official of the Iraqi intelligence service ... several months before the attack . " Wrong , according to a Senate Intelligence Committee report . He said Saddam had "  an established relationship with al Qaeda . " Wrong  PDF  . Cheney claimed there was "  irrefutable evidence " Saddam had reconstituted his nuclear program . Wrong . He said Saddam "  had an established relationship with al Qaeda , providing training to al Qaeda members in areas of poisons , gases and conventional bombs . " Wrong  PDF  . He said there was "  overwhelming " evidence of ties between al Qaeda and Iraq . Wrong . He said that we 'd be "  greeted as liberators " and that the insurgency was in its "  last throes " nine years ago . Wrong and wrong . And that 's just on Iraq . Need I mention that , as CEO of Halliburton , Cheney opposed President Clinton 's sanctions on the terrorist regime in Iran , calling the Clinton administration "  sanctions-happy " ? And he breezily defended doing business with the terrorists in Tehran -- through an overseas-based subsidiary -- explaining that "  the good Lord did n't see fit to always put oil and gas resources where there are democratic governments . " Need I mention he told Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill that "  deficits do n't matter " ? One can debate whether Cheney 's misstatements were the result of willful mendacity or incompetence . I believe the former . But at a deeper level , it does not matter . Regardless of whether Cheney is a liar or a fool , thousands of heroic American troops are dead . Tens of thousands are injured . Iraq is a disaster -- and will be for years to come . And America is weaker and poorer because of Cheney . I know that powerful people do n't like admitting error . But Hillary Clinton did so in her new book , candidly admitting that in voting for the Bush-Cheney war in Iraq , "  I got it wrong . Plain and simple . " Cheney , however , has no room for such candid introspection . When he turned 70 , he was asked his greatest regret . He did not mention the death and devastation he brought to Iraq or that he and others ignored the terror threat before 9/11 . He did n't mention his votes in Congress against banning plastic guns or opposing the release of Nelson Mandela . He said , "  My misspent youth . " Seriously . A three-word oblique reference to a couple of drunken driving incidents a half century ago are the biggest regrets of this man 's life . Other than that , Cheney sees his life as a flawless , virtuous existence . Were it not for the tragedies of 9/11 and Iraq , perhaps the thing Cheney would be remembered for was that he was the second vice president to shoot a man , albeit Cheney 's was in a hunting accident and Harry Whittington , thank God , survived . Still , as a longtime quail hunter , I have no doubt Cheney was in the wrong . Every hunter is responsible for knowing where his buddies are . And Cheney violated a cardinal rule : He was drinking before he picked up the gun .  He claims to have had only one beer , but even one is too many when you 're hunting . But here 's the thing : Even after Cheney shot him in the face , there 's no indication he ever apologized to Harry Whittington . I suppose being a sociopath means never having to say you 're sorry . Correction : An earlier version of this article incorrectly indicated an affiliation between the Washington Post and the independent news website Vox .	Paul Begala says he is appalled by Dick Cheney and his relentless effort to revise history Begala : Cheney wo n't admit any error , misgiving or remorse or apologize for any mistake Begala : Cheney misled , lied and did anything to drag America into a war with Iraq He says whether Cheney is a liar or fool ; thousands of troops are dead ; Iraq is a disaster
CNN  She will be remembered as the would-be bomber whose device failed to detonate in a string of otherwise deadly terror attacks at Jordanian hotels in 2005 . Sajida al-Rishawi was sentenced to death for that attempt , and Jordan executed her early Wednesday . ISIS had demanded her release , threatening to kill two hostages if Jordan did n't comply . ISIS carried out those killings , and Jordan carried out al-Rishawi 's execution . But just who was she ? And what 's her connection to the new radical Sunni group that controls big swaths of Syria and Iraq ? Al-Rishawi was referred to as an "  imprisoned sister " of the terrorist group in a message purportedly posted online by a known ISIS supporter . The message proposed a swap of al-Rishawi for Japanese hostage Kenji Goto . In the video , Goto was seen holding a photo of what appeared to be beheaded compatriot Haruna Yukawa . The online posts , which CNN could not verify independently , appeared four days after an ISIS video demanded that the Japanese government pay $ 200 million within 72 hours for the hostages ' release . In the latest recording , the voice of a person claiming to be Goto was heard in English blaming Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for Yukawa 's death . Forgoing the money , the voice then issued a new ISIS demand : the release of al-Rishawi . "  They are just demanding the release of their imprisoned sister Sajida al-Rishawi , " the voice said . Al-Rishawi , who was being held by authorities in Jordan , was not seen publicly in nine years . In a televised confession in November 2005 , al-Rishawi calmly recounted how she tried to take part in a string of terror attacks at Jordanian hotels that month that killed at least 57 people . "  My husband detonated his bomb , and I tried to detonate mine but failed , " al-Rishawi said on Jordanian television , showing no emotion . "  People fled running , and I left running with them . " In 2006 , al-Rishawi was sentenced to death , but that same year , Jordan imposed a moratorium on the death penalty . Executions resumed last month . Wearing a white head scarf and black dress during the confession , al-Rishawi displayed a belt rigged with explosives and crudely held together with tape . Jordanian authorities said al-Rishawi , now in her 40s , joined her husband , Hussein Ali al-Shamari , to carry out the suicide bombings at the Radisson hotel . His explosives went off , killing 38 people attending a wedding reception in the ballroom . Three male bombers and 57 bystanders were killed at three hotels in the series of attacks . She said she was an Iraqi who lived in Ramadi and , using fake passports , traveled to Jordan with her husband . She told Jordanian authorities that her husband taught her how to use her explosives belt . In the confession , al-Rishawi said , "  My husband is the one who organized everything . " Jordanian authorities at the time said the attacks were orchestrated by the terrorist group al Qaeda in Iraq , which was led by Jordanian-born Abu Musab al-Zarqawi . Al-Zarqawi was killed in a U.S. strike in June 2006 . A post on a website used by al Qaeda in Iraq claimed responsibility for the Jordan attacks . Deputy Prime Minister Marwan Muasher said after the attacks that al-Rishawi was the sister of Zarqawi 's "  right-hand man , " who was killed in Falluja , Iraq . He did not identify the lieutenant . ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was a lieutenant of al-Zarqawi , retired Lt. Col. James Reese , a former U.S. Delta Force commander , told CNN . "  There 's a link back to this woman , " Reese said of the alleged prisoner swap . "  This is just another way to help them  ISIS  bring these people back and help with their propaganda . " In February 2014 , al Qaeda renounced ties to ISIS after months of infighting between ISIS and another group , al-Nusra Front . ISIS started in 2004 as al Qaeda in Iraq with the aim of creating an Islamic state across Sunni areas of Iraq and in Syria . After the Jordan attacks , Muasher told CNN that al-Rishawi was not wearing an explosives belt when she was apprehended , but two belts were found with her . One was filled with the explosive RDX , the other with ball bearings , a technique used by the other bombers . "  The aim was to inflict the largest number of casualties , " he said . Muasher said Jordanian authorities had information that al-Rishawi 's husband "  asked her to step out of the room " when her explosives failed to detonate . In her confession , al-Rishawi said she and her husband stood at opposite sides of the room for the double-bombing . "  There was a wedding ceremony in the hotel , " she said . "  There were women , men and children . "	Sajida al-Rishawi was named in a proposed swap for Japanese hostage Kenji Goto She was a failed bomber in a string of terror attacks at Jordanian hotels in 2005 In 2006 , al-Rishawi was sentenced to death in Jordan
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Grammy-winning and multiplatinum-selling rapper Lil Wayne suffered a seizure and "  is recovering , " his record label 's publicist said Friday . The New Orleans artist arguably occupies the highest rungs of the hip-hop world , but he shares them with fellow rapper Drake , who hails from Toronto . Drake appeared at the Los Angeles hospital , where Lil Wayne is being treated , with an entourage of Wayne 's friends . They pulled up chairs in the hallway near his room and set up a vigil . Twitter has lit up with rumors , spreading fears of the worst for Wayne 's outcome , but a Tweet in his name attempted to calm the tempest . Lil Wayne 's ready for rap retirement "  I 'm good everybody , " read a message from Lil Wayne 's Twitter account . "  Thnx for the prayers and love . " While acknowledging a medical issue , members of the New Orleans artist 's camp have shot down reports that he was near death . "  Dont believe the nonsense about comas and tubes to breathe ... that 's false !! " tweeted Mack Maine , the president of Lil Wayne 's Young Money label , around 5:20 p.m.  8:20 p.m. ET  Friday . Sarah Cunningham , a publicist with the Young Money record label , acknowledged that Lil Wayne had a seizure . The public relations department at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , the Los Angeles hospital where the rapper is reportedly being treated , did not confirm or deny that Lil Wayne is there , per its policy . Maine did n't offer much detail , though he did say that he and Lil Wayne had been watching the Syracuse University Orange play Georgetown in the Big East men 's basketball tournament . "  Wayne is alive and well ! " the record label president wrote on Twitter . The rapper 's independent publicist , Kia Selby , said only , "  Lil Wayne is doing well . " She strongly denied reports he was in a medically induced coma , as reported by TMZ . Born Dwayne Carter , Lil Wayne is one of the rap world 's most successful artists . He won best rap album for "  Tha Carter III " at the 2008 Grammy awards , and took home three more Grammys the following year . Beyond winning over critics , he 's also been a commercial success . Last September , Billboard reported the rapper had tallied 109 hits on its Hot 100 , surpassing the record previously held by Elvis Presley . But he 's also run into trouble outside the studio and stage . Lil Wayne was arrested in 2007 outside New York City 's Beacon Theater after police said they found a .40 - caliber pistol on his tour bus . He ended up pleading guilty to felony gun charges and spending eight months at New York 's Rikers Island jail . CNN 's Denise Quan reported from Los Angeles and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	NEW : Fellow rapper Drake and other friends set up vigil outside his room "  I 'm good everybody , " Lil Wayne writes on Twitter Lil Wayne suffers a seizure and "  is recovering , " his record label 's publicist says Lil Wayne is a Grammy-winning and multiplatinum selling artist
CNN  -- Viviette Applewhite , a 93-year-old African-American woman from Philadelphia , suddenly can not vote . Although she once marched with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. for the right to do so , and has dutifully cast a ballot for five decades , in this election year she may be denied this basic right . Under Pennsylvania 's new voter ID law , Applewhite is no longer considered eligible . The Pennsylvania law requires that citizens present a state-issued photo ID card before voting , which , in Applewhite 's case , required that she first produce a birth certificate . After much trying , and with the help of a pro bono attorney , she was finally able to obtain her birth certificate -- but on it , she is identified by her birth name Brooks , while her other forms of identification have her as Applewhite , the name she took after adoption . Because her 1950s adoption papers are lost in an office in Mississippi , and the state is unable to track them down , Applewhite still ca n't get a Pennsylvania photo ID . She is therefore barred from voting in the November elections . Such stringent obstacles , particularly for African-Americans , were not so long ago the accepted rule . Despite the 15th and 19th amendments to the U.S. Constitution , which extended the vote to black men and all women , respectively , election officials used poll taxes , literacy tests and other methods to deny this legal right . Then came the Voting Rights Act of 1965 . Signed into law by President Lyndon B. Johnson 47 years ago Monday , the Voting Rights Act empowered the federal government to oversee elections in states with racially discriminatory voting practices , and outlawed the use of literacy tests for all American voters . The landmark legislation not only broadened the franchise to African-Americans , it opened access to poor whites and others who had also been denied their right to participate in the electoral process . These major social changes were hard-fought . Without protests by citizens who willingly confronted hatred and intimidation from furious mobs , as well as assault from billy clubs and fire hoses , it 's doubtful that the Voting Rights Act would have ever passed . Yet as we commemorate the anniversary , we must also remember that the fight to protect our vote continues . Across the country , efforts to suppress the turnout and registration of minority voters wage on , making that fight as urgent today as it was in the era of literacy tests and poll taxes . Driven by nearly all Republican legislatures  Rhode Island , which has a Democratic-controlled legislature , is the lone exception  , last year 34 states introduced voter ID laws with similar requirements , creating barriers for the 11 % of voting-age Americans who lack state-issued photo IDs . These laws disproportionately affect minorities , the poor , senior citizens and the young . Of the more than 21 million Americans without the newly required photo identification , 25 % are African-American , 15 % earn less than $ 35,000 a year , 18 % are 65 or older , and 20 % are 18 to 29 . Not so coincidentally , these groups turned out in huge numbers , largely voting Democratic , in 2008 . Voter ID laws , however , are just one arm of a systemic attempt to curb the participation of certain voters . In some of these same states , including Alabama , Kansas , Tennessee and Florida , legislatures have also passed laws that demand proof of citizenship to register to vote  a tough deal if you do n't happen to walk around with a birth certificate , passport or naturalization records in your pocket  or that reduce early voting . This includes the elimination of the Sunday before Election Day when many black churches hold successful "  Take Your Souls to the Polls " campaigns encouraging their congregants to vote . Still more brazen tactics , as seen in campaigns mounted in Colorado , Florida and New Mexico , would summarily purge thousands of registered voters , whom state officials suspect might not be citizens , from the voter rolls . These measures were supposedly enacted to prevent voter fraud , but any serious examination of voter fraud reveals that there is almost none . A five-year investigation by the Bush Justice Department concluded that incidents of voter fraud are exceedingly rare , and Pennsylvania officials have admitted that there is no in-person voter fraud in the state , not a single case that has ever been found or documented . Rooting out such a small number of prospective fraudulent voters simply does not call for the extreme measures that shut out millions of legitimate ones . At best , these laws are scaring off a few tree bugs by burning down a 10th of the forest . The real purpose behind these restrictive voting laws is not to prevent voter fraud , but to prevent voting in the interest of partisan gain . Pennsylvania House Majority Leader Mike Turzai even said as much in June , when he boasted to his Republican colleagues that the state 's voter ID law "  is going to allow Governor Romney to win the state of Pennsylvania . " No matter which side of the aisle you 're on , we can all agree that denying anyone 's vote to skew the electorate undermines our shared American values of fairness and equality . Just like poll taxes and literacy tests before them , these laws are also keeping targeted groups of people from having a voice in their government . But what we can learn from these similar struggles is that social progress , such as the passage of the Voting Rights Acts , did not just happen naturally , an inevitable result of the passing years . It happened because citizens , activists , lawbreakers and lawmakers acted to change their society . But that action -- or even the mere recognition that blocking equal access to voting is a civil rights emergency -- is lacking now . It 's wrong to believe that these struggles ended and are reserved now for history lessons and textbooks . Tomorrow 's history is being written today , and we can all help shape the narrative . In a country whose fundamental values are equality and freedom , we must always examine times when our freedoms are being violated . That means realizing that voter ID laws such as the one blocking the vote of Viviette Applewhite are not minor bumps on the road . Rather , they hit at the most central element of American democracy . As we reflect on the strides made 47 years ago , we remind our fellow citizens that each victory is taken , not given . And as we confront the modern-day era of voter suppression , it 's time that we all start protecting the free , fair and accessible vote that defines the greatness of our nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Penda Hair and Judith Browne Dianis .	Writers : Forty-seven years after Voting Rights Act , some Americans newly denied vote They say 34 states have sought voter ID laws , creating barriers to 11 % of Americans They say voting fraud nearly nonexistent ; laws are partisan effort to shut out old , poor , black Writers : We must protect free , fair , accessible vote that defines greatness of our nation
CNN  -- Maybe your mother told you it 's not polite to stare . It was n't safe either , NASA said , for those who looked at Thursday 's partial solar eclipse . "  Do n't stare , " NASA said . "  Even at maximum eclipse , a sliver of sun peeking out from behind the Moon can still cause pain and eye damage . Direct viewing should only be attempted with the aid of a safe solar filter . " The show in the sky reached its height at 5:45 p.m. ET , NASA said , meaning the eastern half of the country should have gotten a view before the backdrop of golden twilight hues . The moon clipped the sun and should have made it look like a fingernail as it set in the west for most of the country and Canada . People living in the Central Time Zone had the best view , NASA said . New England and Hawaii will miss out on this one . The eclipse was expected to last for over two hours . Protect your eyes NASA urged people viewing the eclipse to protect their eyes . NASA suggested some old tricks for viewing indirectly , like punching a hole in cardboard and projecting the light seeping through it onto a surface away from the sun . Or letting a tree do the work for you : "  Overlapping leaves create a myriad of natural little pinhole cameras , each one casting an image of the crescent-sun onto the ground beneath the canopy , " NASA said . If you missed this one , the next solar eclipse over North America will occur in about three years -- and it will be a more dramatic and rare total eclipse .	NASA : Protect your eyes with special filters or indirect methods when viewing any eclipse Thursday 's partial eclipse reached its peak at 5:45 p.m. ET People in the Central Time zone got the best view , NASA says If you 're in Hawaii or the far northeast U.S. , you miss out on this one
CNN  -- Which way will the housing market go ? That 's the million-dollar question for so many Americans who are underwater on their mortgages and for the one in three who rents and represents the homeowners of tomorrow . We 've all heard about how real estate prices have crashed . But in every time of hazard , there 's also great opportunity to build long-term wealth . You just need the guts to zig when others zag . In this chapter , I 'll show you how you can score a deal on a distressed property , reduce your mortgage interest rate , lower your property taxes and save money on some of the major purchases for your home , like appliances . I 'll also warn you about common pitfalls , including burglar alarm monitoring and home warranties and other things that are way out there , like electronic mortgage fraud . Before you buy : Short sales and deeds in lieu are the new foreclosures Whether you 're a buyer or a seller , a short sale or a deed in lieu of foreclosure may present a way to get out from underneath an upside-down house or get a great deal on distressed real estate . For a seller , a short sale is one in which you work with a lender to market your home and sell it for less than the mortgage balance . While short sales were once considered more favorable than foreclosures , now both harm your credit to the same degree , lowering your score by roughly 140 to 150 points . As a mark on your credit file , they 'll each stay with you for seven years . For a buyer , a short sale can mean getting a home at a great price if you 're willing to play what can be a long waiting game . About two years ago , lenders agreed to guidelines in which they were supposed to acknowledge an offer on a short sale in four days and answer back in 45 . But that never happened in practice , and typical wait times on an offer are substantially longer . Joel Larsgaard , at 27 the youngest producer on my radio show , recently put bids in on seven short-sale properties , month after month , for the better part of a year . All his offers were turned down . Finally , his eighth attempt worked , and he got his short sale for $ 89,000 with a 15-year loan at 4.375 % . The property had last sold for $ 155,000 ! It took great sacrifices for Joel to come to the closing table with enough money for a 20 % down payment . But he did it , and now his monthly mortgage note is $ 560 , not including taxes and insurance . Think about that . Some people have monthly car payments that are higher than his mortgage payment . One special warning for sellers : Be careful with the paperwork your lender gives you as part of the short-sale agreement . Some lenders are behaving immorally and slipping in legalese that makes their financial loss your legal obligation to pay back . That is not the intent or purpose of a short sale . In today 's market , deeds in lieu offer what I believe is a better alternative to short sales for sellers . With deeds in lieu , the bank agrees to take your home back without foreclosing on it . It also agrees not to seek deficiency , which is loss on the loan that banks are entitled to in most states . As a bonus , deeds in lieu have much less impact on your credit score than does a short sale or a foreclosure . So at this point I 'm recommending that if you absolutely need to get out from under your house , a deed in lieu should be your first choice and a short sale your second . Never buy property without looking at it Over the years , con artists got notoriously rich by selling people Florida swampland . This rip-off was especially popular in the 1960s and 1970s when future retirees bought property that was basically worthless because it was all wet . It became such a well-known scam that it did n't work anymore -- until the mid-2000s when what was old became new again and the con artists came back to prey on another generation . Sometimes people are all too quick to buy a dream and will suspend disbelief to buy land without seeing it . One of the new equivalents of swampland in Florida has been desert land in Utah . The New York Times reported that Box Elder County , Utah , intended to file charges against cons who had sold parcels of land over the phone and Internet to 3,000 people in the United States , Europe and Australia . The land was supposedly adjacent to a city . But when people would go to Utah to see their new homestead , they 'd find that no such city even existed . Worse still , the land they 'd purchased could not be developed because to do so would violate local and state zoning laws . This new twist on the old rip-off scheme of land speculation started when cons took advantage of a Utah land rush and bought up property that was parched and desolate . Then they illegally subdivided the land and sold five-acre spreads . The New York Times article was cute in a way . They sent a reporter to find one of these "  conveniently located " parcels in Lucin , Utah . The reporter got to the location -- some 150 miles away from the nearest big city -- and found an area where the only inhabitants were a snake , a beetle and large ants ! I have two simple rules to follow when buying land . First , never buy property without seeing it . Second , make sure the land has water rights or it 's going to be useless to you . This second caveat is especially important if you 're buying in one of the mountain states , like Utah . Use a home inspector before buying or selling If you are considering buying a house , I urge you to have your own inspection . First-time homeowners often skip the inspection because they think government workers have somehow inspected the house . Although they have , these kinds of inspections are not enough . Think about when a hospital , school , or office building is erected . There is a construction manager who makes sure things are being done as they should be . You want someone who does the same thing for you . It 's especially important if you 're having the house built . Be sure you do n't hire an inspector your real estate agent recommends . Recent reports show that 70 % of people do this . Agents suggest only those inspectors who they know will not kill their deal , and that is not in your best interest . You want someone who will kill the deal if the house is not in good shape . Two sites that offer great referrals are the American Society of Home Inspectors ' website at ASHI.com and the National Institute of Building Inspectors at NIBI.com . NIBI requires that its inspectors carry errors and omissions liability insurance , which means they accept responsibility for any oversight . You also want someone who is certified by the Council of American Building Officials  CABO  , which means they are current on all building codes . Spend some additional money when buying a house and get an inspection . It 's worth it . And before you sign a contract with a home builder , make sure you inspect the contract . Some builders forbid you from hiring an inspector and that wording is included in the contract . So if you see it in there , give that builder the boot . The same idea applies when you 're selling a home . Before you go to market , you should hire an inspector to carefully vet your home . Be sure to fix whatever needs repair , and have the inspector 's report and your receipts available for prospective buyers to examine . As a seller , you have to psychologically try to get inside the head of a buyer . Even though a buyer might consider a used home , they still want it to be as perfect as a doll house . So let 's say a corner of your roof needs repair and you do n't spend the money to fix it . When their inspector finds it , the buyer is more likely to blow the cost of the potential repair out of proportion and make a lower offer on your house accordingly . Watch Clark Howard Saturday and Sunday at 6am , 12pm , and 4pm ET on HLN . For the latest from Clark Howard click here .	Clark Howard 's book features ways to buy smarter , spend smarter and save money This excerpt is on housing ; book also covers student loans , starting a business and more Howard says people quick to buy a "  dream " make the mistake of buying land site unseen He says people who buy a used home "  still want it to be as perfect as a doll house "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- In a case that 's captured international attention , Nadia Suleman , the mother of six children , gave birth to octuplets in Bellflower , California . Dr. Karen Maples says the mother of the octuplets is pleased with the babies ' progress . Dr. Karen Maples , the leader of a team of doctors who delivered the babies , appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Monday night to discuss last week 's delivery and give an update on the 33-year-old mother . Maples is chief of service , obstetrics and gynecology , at Kaiser Permanente 's Bellflower Medical Center . Larry King : When this case came in , what did you make of it ? Dr. Karen Maples : Well , I started taking care of the mother when I admitted her at 23 weeks ' gestation . She had already been seen in our prenatal clinic , and she came to our Kaiser Bellflower when she was in her first trimester . She was well on her way in her pregnancy at 23 weeks . And I hospitalized her at that point . King : How well did she do carrying ? Maples : She was an amazing patient . She did whatever it took to keep the babies in as long as possible . And she held on in the pregnancy until she was 30 1/2 weeks of gestation . King : Did you wonder why someone with six kids -- three sets of twins -- would have eight more children ? Maples : Actually , she has six kids with one set of twins . But at that point in time , my focus was on taking care of the patient and dealing with the seven babies that we thought were onboard at that time . King : So you are n't questioning why she did this ... ? Maples : No . King : What 's the biggest problem you face in multiple births ? Maples : The biggest risk is premature labor -- delivery early . And with that comes a risk of babies having immature lungs , a risk of complications with their intestines unable to grow . So that was the major risk . We wanted to try to prolong the pregnancy as long as possible . King : Kaiser Permanente was not the source of the in vitro -LSB- fertilization -RSB- , right ? Maples : No , we are not . The patient was already pregnant when she started receiving care at Kaiser . We -- it 's not a Kaiser-covered benefit , in vitro fertilization . So she sought that treatment elsewhere . King : Why did you think seven and be surprised by eight ? Maples : We did ultrasounds . And actually she had several ultrasounds through the pregnancy . But certainly as this pregnancy progressed , it was very difficult . When you 're doing an ultrasound , you 're looking at a three-dimensional space , and you 're getting images with a two-dimensional screen . So it 's difficult sometimes to see all of the spines and the skulls and the bones that are on the arms and legs . And we felt , at that point , we had seven . King : What did they weigh ? Maples : The babies , when they were delivered , weighed between 1 pound , 8 ounces and 3 pounds and 4 ounces . King : How are they doing ? Maples : They are doing remarkably well . We are so pleased with the team from the neonatology staff . They are currently all breathing on their own . They are eating donated breast milk , and they 're also getting intravenous nutritional supplementation . The risk for a brain -- bleeding inside the brain -- has decreased now that they 're a week old . So they 're doing , actually , better than expected , with 31-week singleton babies . We 're very pleased . King : Would you say they 're all going to live ? Maples : At this point , in time , we are really optimistic and hopeful . The most critical time was between three and seven days . And currently , right now , they 're doing quite well . King : How long will they have to stay in the hospital ? Maples : It 's variable , you know , because each -- now they 're individual , the patients , at this point , in the neonatal intensive care unit . It can be seven weeks . It could be as long as 12 weeks . But , you know , the neonatologist , -LSB- Mandhir -RSB- Gupta , and his team , will make the decision for discharge of the babies . King : How is the mother doing ? Maples : She 's doing quite well , recovering from the Caesarean section . It was a planned delivery one week ago . And she is doing well -- walking -- now able to walk about on her own , you know , is doing -- making , you know , great progress . King : What 's her -- what 's her attitude ? Maples : She is very happy . She 's very pleased with the progress of the babies and she 's very optimistic for -- of the babies in the long term . King : Does she know the uproar this has caused ? Watch a report on the mother 's future " Maples : We have spoken to her about it . But she does have her family to support . And so she 's helping -- getting help that way . King : But she does know that like everybody in the world is talking about this ? Maples : That 's true . Yes . King : Did she need special care in pregnancy ? Maples : She was under our high-risk pregnancy service . The most care that she got was at 23 weeks , and we hospitalized for her . It was very important that we keep her at bed rest and try to reduce the risk of preterm delivery . And she -- we were able to do that . King : A couple of other things . Do we know that the eight embryos were implanted or did some split ? Maples : At this point , I ca n't tell you anything about the in vitro fertilization . She 's asked that we keep that private . King : How many boys ? how many girls ? Maples : There are six boys and two girls .	Mom did whatever it took to prolong the babies ' gestation , Dr. Karen Maples says With so many arms and legs in ultrasounds , doctors had counted only seven babies The six boys and two girls are all breathing on their own , Maples says Babies could stay in hospital for as long as 12 weeks , doctor says
Washington  CNN  -- Indiana Gov. Mike Pence met with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Monday , as part of a nine-day trip to the nation that 's sure to set tongues wagging about his plans for the 2016 presidential race . Netanyahu 's Twitter account sent out a quick clip of the two during their meeting Monday in which Pence expressed support for Israel , and said he believes "  the strong and broad and bipartisan support for the state of Israel ... will be reflected in the decisions our United States Congress makes in the months ahead . " The meeting was part of a busy day in Israel for Pence , which included stops at a Holocaust memorial and a meeting with the Israeli minister of economy . It 's the first of three days he 'll spend on an "  economic development mission to bring jobs and investment to Indiana , " his office said â $ " Â and part of a broader nine-day trip that 's included a visit to the Western Wall and time spent with Israeli troops . Pence 's office said Pence and his wife 's expenses during the cultural visits are being paid for by Christians United for Israel , and the economic development portion of the trip is being covered by the Indiana Economic Development Foundation . The state is paying for his security detail . It 's the governor 's fifth "  international job-hunting mission " as governor , according to his office , and while the trip was ostensibly organized around an economic development agenda , it 's also a signal he 's contemplating a presidential run . Strong support for Israel will be a litmus test for any GOP presidential contenders hoping to compete in the primary , and a trip to the nation has become a traditional pilgrimage for potential candidates looking to burnish their foreign policy credentials . South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , another Republican who has left the door open to 2016 , visited Israel this weekend , physician Ben Carson was there last week and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , also contemplating a run , is planning another trip there in February .	Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with Indiana Gov. Mike Pence on Monday Pence is touring the region on an economic development mission Taking a trip to Israel is a common early destination for presidential hopefuls
CNN  Former Australia cricket captain and legendary broadcaster Richie Benaud has died at the age of 84 . Benaud , whose witty one-liners from the commentary box resonated far beyond Australia 's shores , said last year he was being treated for skin cancer . "  After Don Bradman , there has been no Australian player more famous than Richie Benaud , " Cricket Australia said on its website . "  Benaud stood at the top of the game throughout his rich life , first as a record-breaking leg-spinner and captain , and then as cricket 's most famous -- and most impersonated -- broadcaster . " A veteran of 64 Test matches , Benaud was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1985 . While many regarded his voice as the soundtrack to an Australian summer , Benaud was equally revered by the cricketing public on the other side of the world where he spent more than four decades with the BBC taking the game into millions of British living rooms . But whether you were sitting in Sydney or in South London , there were plenty of "  marvelous " Richie moments from the box to savor : "  And Glenn McGrath dismissed for two , just ninety-eight runs short of his century . " "  From our broadcasting box you ca n't see any grass at all . It is simply a carpet of humanity . " "  Captaincy is 90 % luck and 10 % skill . But do n't try it without that 10 % . " News of his passing quickly generated a wave of condolences , including from Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott . "  To most Australians Richie Benaud was cricket . He personified its traditions and its values , " Abbott said in a written statement Friday . "  While many Australians only know Richard Benaud as the voice of cricket , we should not forget that in his day he was a cricketer with few equals . It was why he was so insightful as a commentator . "  As a player his record has withstood the test of time . He led the Australian side from 1958/59 through to 1963/1964 , never losing a series in his 28 Tests as captain . "  As captain , he was first to lead a full Australian tour to India and Pakistan in 1959/60 . He was the first cricketer to reach a Test double of 2,000 runs and 200 wickets . "  Given the special place Richie Benaud has in our national life , I have asked that on the day of his funeral flags fly at half-mast . I extend my condolences and the condolences of the Australian people , to his wife Daphne and his family and friends . Current Australian captain Michael Clarke posted an image of Benaud on Instagram with the message : "  What a man . Extremely sad day . You were a lot more then just a cricketer Richie . RIP . " Clarke 's former teammate Shane Warne also took to Instagram to post a touching letter to the late commentator . He wrote : "  Dear Richie , I 've known you & Daphne for close to 30 years & to everyone you were a legend on all levels & rightly so too . "  As a cricketer , commentator & as a person , you were the best there 's ever been & to top it off , an absolute gentleman ... For me it was an honour & a privilege to call you a close friend & mentor , we had so many wonderful times together , talking cricket & in particular , our love & passion of leg spin bowling . "  I will cherish our entertaining dinners & all the fun times we shared over a long period of time . I would also like to thank you & Daphne for all your support & time you made for me as a young cricketer & leg spin bowler trying to make his way as an 18 year old , your tips & advice along the journey meant so much !!! "  Richie , you were loved by everyone , not just the cricket family , you were the godfather of cricket & you will be missed by all ... R.I.P my friend . " Benaud , who was born in 1930 in Penrith , New South Wales , lead Australia into an era of world dominance as a player . But it was after he hung up his spikes that his legendary status was confirmed . Writing in a column in The Australian , cricket writer Gideon Haigh wrote "  television was Benaud 's calling , suiting his captain 's spontaneity and intuition . "  He was authoritative but not pedantic , dignified but not pompous , and never spoke unless he had something to say . He was so popular that many humorists strove to imitate him , so distinctive that none ever quite got him right . " The BBC 's cricket correspondent Jonathan Agnew agreed . "  He was quite simply peerless . Nobody else had his authority , popularity and skill , " Agnew said in a column on the BBC website . "  If you speak to any broadcaster from any sport , they will point to Richie as the standard-bearer . " Australian national team coach Darren Lehmann said Benaud set "  an incredibly high standard on and off the field . " "  The fact that Australia never lost a series under his captaincy says so much and those standards were just as high when he turned his attention to calling the game , " he told cricket.com.au . "  We loved listening to him commentate when the team was together in the dressing room . When he was on air , we always had the TV volume turned up because his comments were so insightful . " Benaud 's passing also drew messages of sympathy on social media from beyond his native Australia . Imran Khan , the former captain of Pakistan and now a leading politician there , tweeted : "  Saddened by the death of Richie Benaud , one of the greatest cricketing brains . " While Kumar Sangakkara , the current captain of Sri Lanka 's Test team , posted : "  So sad to hear about the passing of Richie Benaud . The great voice of cricket is no more . He defined an era with conviction and sincerity . " British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted : "  I grew up listening to Richie Benaud 's wonderful cricket commentary . Like all fans of the sport , I will miss him very much . " CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report .	Richie Benaud first earned fame as a cricket player , later as broadcaster Prime Minister Tony Abbott calls him "  a cricketing champion and Australian icon "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A German woman and two California lawyers have been charged with extortion for allegedly accusing the son of a wealthy Saudi sheikh of sexual assault and torture . Leyla Ors , 33 , told Los Angeles detectives last March that Thamer Albalwi , 23 , had raped and tortured her . He was arrested and charged with four counts of sexual assault based on her story and a physical exam , according to the Los Angeles district attorney . A judge dismissed those charges against Albalwi last Friday after prosecutors disclosed their extortion case against Ors . The woman 's two lawyers allegedly called Albalwi 's father , Sheikh Monsur Albalwi , in June with offers of ending the criminal case against his son for a large payment , a release from District Attorney Jackie Lacey said . Attorney Emanuel Karl Hudson allegedly told him that for $ 15 million , Ors would not testify against the son and "  the case would be over , " the criminal complaint said . On the same day , attorney Joseph Gerard Cavallo told Sheikh Albalwi , one of the wealthiest men in Saudi Arabia , that the demand was for $ 20 million to be transferred to a Swiss bank account that Hudson would set up , the complaint said.Â Â Ors , Hudson and Cavallo face charges of attempted extortion , conspiracy to commit extortion , conspiracy to receive a bribe and conspiracy to obstruct justice . Ors is also charged with one count of offering to receive a bribe by a witness .	Leyla Ors accused the sheikh 's son of rape and torture in March Her lawyers allegedly demanded millions to get the sex assault charges dropped A judge dismissed the sex charges against the sheikh 's 23-year-old son
CNN  -- Seattle is bigger , but Portland 's scrappy supporters pushed the Oregon city to a win in the latest CNN.com city smackdown . The voting in our unscientific poll was neck and neck . Portland edged out Seattle with 52 % of the vote , but despite that narrow margin , Portland fans came out with much greater force and enthusiasm to defend the City of Roses . iReporter Clinton Wood , who lives outside Portland in Tualatin , Oregon , acknowledges that Seattle is prettier than Portland . "  Well let 's face it , Seattle is perhaps in the most beautiful location in the continental United States . But does physical beauty make it a better city ? " Absolutely not , Wood claims in his defense of Portland , and goes on to list why "  Portland thumps Seattle . " Among his reasons : Portland has more park space , much better mass transit , a stronger bicycling culture and proximity to superior skiing , a renowned Pinot Noir wine region and great areas for water sports . Plus , the weather 's better . Seattle 's beauty is not so easily dismissed by iReporter Jane Crummett . "  I lived on Bainbridge Island , Washington , ` backyard of the Emerald City , ' for many years . The ferry system never got boring , and every time I rode the ferry I was dazzled by the beauty of the Puget Sound , " says Crummett , who lived in the Seattle area for 12 years before moving to Charlotte , North Carolina . Seattle resident Jessa Moon is a bit conflicted . "  While I love Seattle , let 's be clear , Portland is my city , " writes Moon , who grew up in Portland . PORTLAND Moon names Last Thursday , a street fair held on the last Thursday of each month , as an example of what she loves about Portland . Hippies and yuppies rub shoulders during the event held on Alberta Street in Northeast Portland , and "  hipsters showcase their latest patched vintage tweed jacket and creative take on facial hair to crowds that take in food truck fare , art , hand-sewn sock puppets , glass blown jars and any other obscure item your heart might ever have desired , " Moon writes . The Portland Saturday Market , an outdoor artists market open every Saturday and Sunday , also receives a thumbs up from several CNN.com readers . Local Vern Baker and his wife are brunch aficionados . "  Brunch is one of our favorite food groups , " he says . For Portland-style brunch , Baker recommends Sanborn 's , Genies Cafe , Zell 's Cafe , The Country Cat and Cadillac Cafe . Commenter Laura Minnick says Cameo Cafe has the best breakfast in town "  hands down . " For delicious coffee , Baker 's votes go to Sisters Coffee Company and Stumptown Coffee Roasters . And Ken 's Artisan Pizza is the spot for great wood-fired pie , he says . Beer is the other big beverage in Portland . Minnick likes McMenamins , a homegrown microbrewing enterprise that runs dozens of pubs in Oregon and Washington . Portland 's "  hundred or so food carts that compete with any brick and mortar restaurant in the city " are another asset , a commenter writes . Explore the city 's gourmet offerings , and then work off your indulgences with an outdoor excursion . "  If you visit Portland , Mount Tabor is a must-see , " says Moon . The city park situated on a volcanic cinder cone "  offers panoramic views of Hawthorne , downtown and Mount Hood . " Soak up some of the city 's culture , too . The enormous flagship Powell 's bookstore is a magnet for locals and visitors alike . Commenter Sabrina Messenger , who lives 80 miles south of Portland , enjoys visiting the Oregon History Museum and attending operas at the Keller Auditorium . SEATTLE Seattle fans were n't as forthcoming about the Emerald City 's strengths , but a few offered tips to give newcomers an overview of the city and its spectacular surroundings . iReporter Crummett suggests a Duck tour for Seattle visitors . "  It is an easy way to see the city and gives you an idea of places where you might want to go explore in depth . " If you 're planning to take in panoramic views from the city 's Space Needle , which served as the symbol of the 1962 World 's Fair , she recommends splurging on a meal at the landmark 's revolving restaurant , SkyCity . Regular admission to the observation deck is $ 19 , but the elevator ride and observation deck are complimentary for diners . Melanie Barrow visited Seattle for the first time during a military move from South Korea to Louisiana . She highly recommends a tour with Argosy Cruises . "  We took the salmon bake sunset cruise to Tillicum , and the dinner was unreal ! " "  The city is full of surprises and great shopping , " says Crummett , and she recommends excursions to neighboring Bainbridge Island and Bremerton . Commenter Steven Q suggests a visit to Seattle 's Green Lake Park , the famous Pike Place Market , which has been selling fresh produce , seafood and more since 1907 , and burgers from Dick 's . Bill , another commenter , also suggests a walk around Green Lake , a visit to the EMP Museum  "  if you are into music "  and the Pacific Science Center . Bill , who has lived in both cities but currently calls Seattle home , cast his vote firmly for Portland . "  The ` plan ' is to someday retire and get back to Portland . " Seattle supporters , where are the rest of you ? Share tips for visitors to both cities in the comments section below .	Voting split in unscientific poll pitting Portland against Seattle Portland fans ' enthusiasm pushes the city ahead of Seattle Portland supporters share tips for great eateries , local events
CNN  -- When all you 've got is a hammer , everything looks like a nail . In business , that hammer is money and the nail is employee productivity . Employees at most companies are offered higher salaries or year-end bonuses in exchange for better output . Businesses better get some new tools quickly , because this hammer is not enough to get the job done . Countless employees are unhappy , reporting that they only work for the money and yet would trade a raise for a better boss and work environment . This is not a recipe for long term success . Anyone who wants to motivate employees needs to understand what motivates people in general . People certainly want more money so they can afford more of life 's indulgences and have some protection against life 's inevitable hazards . But that is only part of the story . In my new book , "  Social : Why our brains are wired to connect , " I suggest that our brains are wired with another set of motivations , social motivations , that are just as fundamental as those that guide us towards physical pleasures and away from physical pains . When we are socially rejected or threatened , we feel a kind of social pain , which activates the same brain regions that register the distress of physical pain . Taking Tylenol even reduces the brain 's response to social pain . On the flip side , fair treatment , praise from others , and even the opportunity to help someone in need are all socially rewarding and activate the brain 's most primitive pleasure centers . Because infants depend on these social motivations in order to receive the care they need to survive , these urges are built into our operating system and stay with us for a lifetime . This has serious consequences for the workplace . If companies do not create socially rewarding environments , it is sure to affect the bottom line . One study found that individuals who were made to feel rejected scored 15 % lower on an IQ test . We can understand why someone who just broke their leg would score lower -- how could they possibly focus when experiencing intense pain ? Yet , the same is true of social injuries because all pain grabs our attention leaving less attention for other important things . In contrast , praising employees may have many of the same motivational consequences as giving a raise , but at little cost to the company . One study has found that employees were willing to give up almost $ 30,000 in yearly salary to be recognized for high praise at work . Another study found that when employees were able to see firsthand how their work was helping others , their productivity more than doubled . Being reminded of how their work was advancing their own careers had no effect . Of course , we do n't just blindly seek out social connection . We have powerful mind reading abilities that help us pursue these connections more successfully . We understand the meaning of a sly smile or a furrowed brow and sarcastic humor is not lost on most of us . We are masters of moving from others ' visible signs to the invisible thoughts , feelings , and goals motivating other people . This mind reading ability allows us to work well in teams together by predicting the needs of others around us and acting accordingly . Even though thinking about the physical world and thinking about the mental worlds of other people do n't really feel like profoundly different kinds of thinking , recent brain imaging has shown that there are separate brain systems for these two kinds of thinking . In fact , the brain regions supporting social and analytical thinking mostly function like a neural seesaw such that when one increases in activity , the other decreases . This presents a problem in the workplace because we place such a premium on analytical thinking ; we typically promote analytical problem solving at the expense of social problem solving , even though both are critically important . Creating strong social networks in a company affect the bottom line just as much as the analytical abilities and training of the people within those networks . Nowhere is the importance of social thinking more evident than in our leaders . A large recent survey found that leaders who are rated highly on being analytic and results focused are unlikely to be seen as great leaders , but if those same leaders also possess strong social skills , their chance of being seen as a great leader skyrockets . It is then deeply troubling to find that only the tiniest fraction of leaders are seen as possessing both kinds of skills . Money matters in the workplace -- there is no denying it . But money is n't the only thing that matters . Our brains are built for connecting and as more companies begin to recognize this , the positive changes they bring to the workplace will help employees to work smarter , happier , and more productively . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr Matthew Lieberman .	Human brain is rewarded for connections with others , writes Dr Matthew Lieberman Social pain is just as valid as physical pain , according to Lieberman 's new book Socially-motivated employees creates happier and more productive workplace Studies show recognition at work matters more than money to employees
CNN  -- French researchers have identified a new human immunodeficiency virus , the first derived from gorillas , a report said Monday . A new virus is difficult to detect by tests because it is not closely related to the other three HIV variants . The three previous HIV variants came from chimpanzees . The new findings indicate that gorillas , in addition to chimpanzees , are likely sources of HIV , the researchers concluded in a report published in the weekly Nature Medicine journal . The new virus , called RBF 168 , was detected in a 62-year-old woman who moved to Paris , France , from the western Africa nation of Cameroon , the report says . She tested positive for HIV in 2004 , and researchers led by Jean-Christophe Plantier identified the virus as being closely related to a recently discovered simian immunodeficiency virus  SIV  . The new gorilla virus "  has many of the biological properties necessary for human infection , " the report says . "  The human case described here does not seem to be an isolated incident , as before coming to Paris the subject had lived in the semiurban area of Yaounde , the capital of Cameroon , and reported no contact with apes or bush meat , " the researchers said . That would indicate that the woman contracted the virus from another human . The significance of the latest findings is difficult to determine without more information , said Robert C. Gallo , who co-discovered HIV in 1984 . "  It 's yet to be known , " Gallo said . "  It could be zero . ... Let 's see a more full report on this individual and let 's see wider testing . " Anthony S. Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , calls the latest HIV variant "  an oddity " but said it 's not surprising that it cropped up , because the virus has been circulating in non-human primates for centuries . The three previous HIV variants are labeled M , N and O . The new one has been classified P . The N and O variants , Fauci said , are extremely rare . "  It 's not significant unless it establishes itself as a predominant strain , " he said . "  We have not seen that with N and O. " Fauci lumps the new P variant with the rare group because it has been detected in only one patient . If it were widespread , Fauci said , "  we would already know about it . When these things happen , you see a lot of them around . " Even if the new variant proves lethal , it 's not likely to increase AIDS infections , said Gallo , director of the Institute of Human Virology at the University of Maryland School of Medicine . There are so many HIV variations , he said , that one more is not likely to make a difference . The new virus is difficult to detect by conventional tests because it is not closely related to the other three HIV variants . "  This demonstrates that HIV evolution is an ongoing process , " co-researcher David Robertson of the University of Manchester said in a release . "  The virus can jump from species to species , from primate to primate , and that includes us ; pathogens have been with us for millions of years and routinely switch host species . " HIV can lead to acquired immunodeficiency syndrome , which attacks the body 's immune system , giving rise to lethal infections . Patients diagnosed with HIV can take medications to delay or stop HIV from developing into AIDS . There are 33 million confirmed cases of AIDS worldwide . The unnamed woman has no signs of AIDS and remains untreated , Nature Medicine said . The most likely explanation for the emergence of the new virus is gorilla-to-human transmission , though researchers say they can not rule out the possibility that the chimpanzee SIV gave rise to the new strain "  either indirectly by transmission to gorillas and then to humans or directly by transmission to humans and also to gorillas . " Researchers said they do n't know how widespread the virus is among humans . "  The human prevalence of this new lineage remains to be determined , " the report says , adding that "  it could be circulating unnoticed in Cameroon or elsewhere . " Western Central Africa bears close watching , the researchers suggest . "  In conclusion , our findings indicate that gorillas , in addition to chimpanzees , are likely sources of HIV-1 , " the report states . "  The discovery of this novel HIV-1 lineage highlights the continuing need to watch closely for the emergence of new HIV variants , particularly in western central Africa , the origin of all existing HIV-1 groups . " Co-researcher Robertson noted that the new virus may not be restricted to Africa . "  It also highlights how human mobility can rapidly transfer a virus from one geographical location to another as has been dramatically evident with the recent emergence of swine flu , " he said .	Strain is the first known to be derived from gorillas 62-year-old woman who moved to Paris from Cameroon found to have RBF 168 Likely explanation for emergence of new virus is gorilla-to-human transmission
CNN  -- The U.S. government allegedly spied on prominent American Muslims under the same program it used to keep tabs on suspected terrorists , according to documents held by National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden . Journalists Glenn Greenwald and Murtaza Hussain , writing for The Intercept , said Snowden provided them documents that show that at least five American Muslims were monitored by their own government for periods between 2002 and 2008 . The names of Republican Party operative and lawyer Faisal Gill ; attorney Asim Ghafoor ; international relations professor Hooshang Amirahmadi ; Muslim civil liberties advocate Agha Saeed ; and the executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Affairs , Nihad Awad , all appear on a spreadsheet that purportedly lists individuals under NSA , CIA or FBI digital surveillance . The spreadsheet shows more than 7,000 e-mail addresses that appear to include the names of foreigners linked to terrorist organizations and U.S. citizens suspected of terrorist activity , according to The Intercept 's report . But also on the list are the names of the five prominent Muslim-Americans , who have never been accused or charged with terrorism , and who deny any involvement in terrorism . Accusations of profiling Two of them -- Gill and Ghafoor -- told CNN that they were targeted just because they are Muslim , a violation of their rights . "  I ca n't think of any other reason , " Gill said . "  Absolutely . No other reason , " Ghafoor said . Gill said he had a security clearance working in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security . "  That 's why my No. 1 reaction was of shock and surprise because there 's nothing in my background that would lead any law enforcement agency to suspect me of any acts of terror , " Gill said . Ghafoor is a civil rights attorney who represented clients in terrorism-related cases . "  If it 's my clients that 's causing it , " Ghafoor said of the alleged spying on him , "  that 's a reason for pause -- to find out what benefit does the government have listening in on the lawyer 's communications with his or her client ? What information can they use in court ? "  Imagine a government lawyer telling his or her supervisors we had to listen to his calls and maybe we can go to court to beat him , " Ghafoor said . Ghafoor said that the government apparently spied on his Yahoo e-mail -- not his e-mail with his law firm . "  I feel sorry for the agents who had to read all of that . There 's not a whole lot you will get from my Yahoo account , " Ghafoor said . Opinion : A year after Snowden , the real costs of NSA surveillance Gill served in the Navy and later became a senior policy adviser in the U.S. Department of Homeland Security under President George W. Bush . Gill also worked as a spokesman for American Muslim Council , whose founder and executive director , Aldurahman M. Alamoudi , was sentenced to 23 years in prison in 2004 for activities with nations and groups with ties to terrorism . But the U.S. government allegedly spied on Gill from 2006 to 2008 -- after Gill left the council and when Gill was the Republican nominee for a seat in the Virginia House of Delegates , journalist Greenwald told CNN . Gill said he did not know Alamoudi and hardly had contact with him . Moreover , after he left the Muslim council , Gill disclosed that job to the U.S. government , which eventually gave him a security clearance . "  Surveillance needs to happen but there has to be a reason for it , " Gill said . "  There was nothing in my background . " He asserted that authorities have a 99.6 % success rate in obtaining warrants from the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance , or FISA , Court , which rules on U.S. requests to do surveillance on suspected terrorists and spies . Gill described that success rate "  ridiculous . " "  If you go to any county in the United States ... it would not be that high . Clearly there is something wrong , " Gill said . Gill told The Intercept that he believes that his e-mails were intercepted because he is Muslim . "  Look , I 've never made an appearance or been a lawyer for anyone who 's been  associated with terrorism  , " he told The Intercept . "  But there are plenty of other lawyers who have made those appearances and actually represented those governments , and their name is n't Faisal Gill and they were n't born in Pakistan and they are n't on this list . " U.S. response In a joint statement , the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and the Justice Department denied that the U.S. government conducts surveillance based on anyone 's politics , religion or activism . "  Unlike some other nations , the United States does not monitor anyone 's communications in order to suppress criticism or to put people at a disadvantage based on their ethnicity , race , gender , sexual orientation or religion , " the statement said . Any surveillance of U.S. citizens requires a court order from the FISA Court , the statement says . "  These court orders are issued by an independent federal judge only if probable cause , based on specific facts , are established that the person is an agent of a foreign power , a terrorist , a spy , or someone who takes orders from a foreign power , " the statement says . But The Intercept reported that at least one of the five American Muslims was spied on without a FISA warrant . In addition , one of the documents provided to The Intercept by Snowden instructs agents on the proper way to compose a memo to request FISA surveillance . In the example , it lists a fake name -- "  Mohammed Raghead " -- as a placeholder . An NSA spokeswoman quoted in the report said that the agency would not allow such insulting language to be used in its training documents . CAIR , the nation 's largest Muslim civil liberties group and led by Awad , called for a full accounting of government spying on American Muslims . "  This is an outrageous continuation of civil rights era surveillance of minority community leadership by government elements who see threats in all patriotic dissent , " the group said in a statement . Germany calls in U.S. ambassador over new spying allegation India summons U.S. diplomat over report of NSA spying Review board finds potential for abuses in NSA phone , Internet surveillance	NEW : "  My No. 1 reaction was of shock and surprise , " a Muslim-American says NEW : "  If it 's my clients that 's causing it ... that 's a reason for pause , " another says The report is based on documents leaked by NSA whistle-blower Edward Snowden The Justice Department says it does not spy based on religious views
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- An Irish priest at the center of a gay porn controversy has asked to leave his parish and take sabbatical leave from the priesthood , he said Sunday . The Catholic Church in Ireland had launched an investigation after reports Father Martin McVeigh accidentally showed pictures of naked men to parents of children preparing for their First Holy Communion . The incident happened at the start of a PowerPoint presentation at a grade school in Pomeroy , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland in March , said the leader of the Catholic Church in Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady . Parents said in a statement they were "  horrified " by what they saw and called for action to be taken against the priest . The church reported the incident to police , who said no crime had been committed . In a statement Sunday , McVeigh apologized "  for the hurt caused " and "  his failure to check his presentation in advance . " However , he insisted he "  was not responsible for the presence of the offending images and in this respect I ask you to accept my innocence . " The priest also confirmed he had destroyed the memory stick that contained the images . He said : "  After the images were inadvertently shown , I immediately removed the memory stick from the laptop . In my shock and upset and in my concern to ensure that the images would never be shown again , I destroyed it later that evening . " McVeigh described the past month as "  the most difficult " of his life and said he would be taking a break . "  In the hope of bringing resolution and healing to the division and pain within the parish , I have taken the decision to ask Cardinal Brady to allow me to leave the parish of Pomeroy and to take sabbatical leave , " said McVeigh , adding : "  The memory of this awful episode will remain with me for the rest of my life . " Brady said he accepted McVeigh had no advance knowledge of the pornography . In a statement Sunday , Brady said it had been "  a traumatic time for the whole parish community and for Father McVeigh personally . " The cardinal also apologized for the incident . He issued an update on the church investigation , saying other computers used by McVeigh had been "  forensically examined by an independent technical expert and no inappropriate imagery has been found . " Brady added an additional laptop stolen from the local church sacristy since the March 26 meeting "  did not form part of the technical examination . " The cardinal said he had accepted McVeigh 's request for leave on the understanding he would return to the diocese on its completion . The latest controversy comes after a series of child sex abuse scandals involving Catholic Church clergy in Ireland . The government-backed investigations say thousands of children have been abused by priests and other church figures over the last 80 years . In March , the Vatican released a major report into the problem , begging forgiveness from victims . However , victims hit out at the report 's finding that new safeguards are working .	Father Martin McVeigh says he showed "  offending imagery " to parents Parents said they were "  horrified " and demanded action against him He will take a sabbatical leave before returning to another parish The Irish Catholic Church is accused of abusing children over many decades
CNN  -- Michael J. Fox may star as an accomplished former news anchor and family man in NBC 's Michael J. Fox Show , but that does n't mean he does n't have aspirations to be anything else â $ " like a superhero . The new first look at the fall comedy provides glimpses at the show 's offbeat humor , including a scene in which Mike wishes his medicine 's side effects were cooler , like "  anything Aquaman does . " The Michael J. Fox Show stars Fox as Mike Henry , a news anchor with Parkinson 's returning to work , and "  Breaking Bad " 's Betsy Brandt as his wife Annie Henry , relieved he 's finally getting out of the house . The show also features "  The Wire " 's Wendell Pierce as Henry 's former boss and new addition Anne Heche as anchor/nemesis Susan Rodriguez-Jones . Michael J. Fox : Parkinson 's is frustrating and funny Check out the first look at the upcoming fall series here . The Michael J. Fox Show premieres Thursday , Sept. 26 , at 9 p.m. in a special one-hour episode before shifting into its regular Thursday 9:30 p.m. slot on NBC . See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Michael J. Fox stars as a news anchor with Parkinson 's in his new show In new preview clip , we see Fox finding humor in his condition The show also stars Anne Heche as Fox 's nemesis
CNN  -- The Waldorf Astoria in New York City has long been a byword for exquisite luxury , style and success . From Franklin D. Roosevelt and Frank Sinatra to Queen Elizabeth II and Elizabeth Taylor , the hotel 's guestbook reads like an A-list of twentieth century historical figures -- not to mention tens of thousands of well-to-do tourists and travelers . Over the years however some sticky-fingered guests have tried to claim a little bit of the Waldorf magic for themselves , checking out with hotel items as a souvenir of their stay . See also : The best business hotels in 2012 Since last summer , the Waldorf has been running an amnesty program designed to reclaim these long lost goods . The result has seen the return of precious items pilfered as long ago as the 1920 's , many of which provide a fascinating perspective on the history of the hotel and those who stayed there . Although the amnesty officially ended in September , goods are still pouring in from ex-guests and their family descendents . The best items are currently displayed on the Waldorf Astoria 's archive website while a small selection are being exhibited at the hotel itself . Check out the gallery above to see some of the of the items reclaimed and the charming history they have accumulated in their absence .	The Waldorf Astoria has been running an amnesty in an attempt to reclaim items taken from the hotel A wide array of classic and valuable items continue to pour in Submissions include colorful tea pots and silver plated coasters , with some dating back to the 1920 's
CNN  The late Saudi monarch King Abdullah bin Abdulaziz al-Saud assumed the throne in 2005 , but had effectively been running the kingdom since his half-brother King Fahd 's stroke a decade earlier . His two decades at the helm of one of the West 's key strategic allies in the Muslim world left an indelible , if ambiguous , legacy . Here are the five most notable characteristics of his reign . Hopes were high that Abdullah 's reputation as a modernizing reformer would translate into gains for women in the ultraconservative kingdom . But in the face of deep-seated cultural opposition to change , the progress was less than expected , said CNN 's senior international correspondent Nic Robertson . "  He promised a lot of reforms but ... he was limited by the conservative nature of Saudi society . " Abdullah was the first Saudi monarch to appoint women to government positions . In 2013 , he appointed 30 women to the 150-member Shura Council , the top consultative body that plays an advisory role within Saudi Arabia 's absolute monarchy . This year , women will be able to vote and run as candidates in municipal elections for the first time , and women have been elected to boards of chambers of commerce . But many other restrictions on Saudi women remain : Women can not marry , leave the country , go to school or open bank accounts without permission from a male guardian , usually their father or husband . Saudi Arabia remains the only country where women are not allowed to drive , despite petitions and civil disobedience campaigns by activists in recent years . In November , the Shura Council recommended that the ban be lifted , with restrictions , but the recommendation has not been acted on , and those who defy the ban continue to be prosecuted . Robert W. Jordan , who served as U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia form 2001 to 2003 , said he had frequent conversations with Abdullah about human rights , including the rights of women in the kingdom . "  He said , ` Do n't push us to breaking point ' , " Jordan told CNN . "  It 's a halting kind of process of reform , one that requires this kind of juggling . " Ali al-Ahmed , a former Saudi political prisoner and the director of the Institute for Gulf Affairs , said Abdullah 's reputation as a reformer in some quarters was unwarranted . The kingdom has been under international scrutiny in recent weeks for carrying out harsh punishments , including executions and floggings . "  Reforms in Saudi Arabia do not exist . This is an absolute monarchy , let 's be honest , " he said . READ MORE : Saudi Arabia 's ` reformer ' King Abdullah dies The September 11 , 2001 attacks on Saudi Arabia 's key ally -- in which 15 of the 19 attackers were Saudi -- were an inflection point for the kingdom . Abdullah lobbied for the removal of U.S. troops who had been stationed in the country since 1990 -- a prime grievance for the September 11 attackers -- then set about bolstering its military with a $ 150 billion spend . Attacks on residential compounds housing many Westerners -- in which dozens were killed -- led to a harsh crackdown on terrorist elements within the kingdom seeking to topple the House of Saud . Leaders were captured , followers driven underground and radical preachers sidelined , said Robertson . Saudi Arabia has taken a lead role in the U.S.-led international coalition fighting the radical Sunni terror group ISIS -- which now rivals Al Qaeda as the world 's most prolific jihadist group -- in Syria and Iraq . But questions remain about the links between Saudi Arabia and Islamist terror . In an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in October , billionaire Saudi businessman Prince Alwaleed Bin Talal acknowledged that "  unfortunately some extremists in Saudi Arabia ... did fund certain extremist elements in Syria , " but insisted that the support had been stopped . Others argue that Wahhabism , the puritan form of Sunni Islam that is the kingdom 's official religion , promoted throughout the Muslim world , provides the ideological breeding ground for such groups . Saudi Arabia now faces a threat from ISIS on its on border . Earlier this month , ISIS allegedly attacked a Saudi border patrol near Arar . The kingdom is building a massive fence along its border with Iraq in order to keep the militants out , said Robertson . READ MORE : Amid turmoil , King Abdullah brought stability , pushed reforms One of Abdullah 's greatest legacies has been his focus on modernizing the Saudi education system , said Mark Weston , author of "  Prophets and Princes : Saudi Arabia from Muhammad to the Present . " Following a failed attempt in 1979 by extremist insurgents to capture Mecca 's Grand Mosque and topple the Saudi leadership , the kingdom responded by becoming even more conservative , said Robertson . This renewed puritanism was reflected in the education system for two decades , until Abdullah began an ambitious program of modernization , despite opposition from religious conservatives . The centerpiece is the King Abdullah Scholarship Program , which has sent hundreds of thousands of young Saudis abroad to study at the government 's expense . The aim is to develop a workforce of Saudi nationals capable of replacing expatriate workers in higher-skilled jobs in the kingdom , but also to bring a more modern , international outlook to the kingdom . "  Giving these scholarships recognizes that the road of modernizing Saudi Arabia comes from education , " said Robertson . At home , the country 's first coeducational campus , King Abdullah University of Science and Technology , was founded amid some objections in 2009 . In expressing his condolences , U.S. President Barack Obama credited Abdullah for his commitment to the education of his country . READ MORE : Who is Saudi Arabia 's new King Salman ? While Abdullah 's legacy as a social reformer is up for debate , his achievements at economic reform are more clear-cut , say observers . Besides his educational reform , the late king 's other lasting achievement was joining the World Trade Organization in 2005 , integrating his country into the global economy , said Weston . Abdullah opened his country up for foreign direct investment and committed huge sums of the country 's oil wealth on infrastructure and mega-projects such as the $ 86 billion King Abdullah Economic City , announced in 2005 . The reforms reflected Abdullah 's recognition of the need to diversify the country 's economy ahead of the inevitable day the oil money ran out , said Robertson . READ MORE : Thousands to farewell King Abdullah Saudi Arabia also lifted its international profile under Abdullah 's rule , with the late king taking a strong role in regional and world affairs . Obama , in expressing his condolences , praised the monarch for his "  bold steps " in advancing Middle East peace initiatives , and for greater outreach to the international community . During his reign , Saudi Arabia became the only Arab nation with a seat at the G20 , and the first Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques , as the Saudi monarchs are known , to meet the Pope . Abdullah espoused a message of religious tolerance , despite the strictures of Saudi Wahhabism , said Robertson . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Becky Anderson and Christiane Amanpour contributed to this report .	King Abdullah had a reputation as a reformer , but his record disappointed some He faced stiff opposition to reform from religious conservatives within the kingdom Some credit his commitment to education and economic reform as his key legacy
The military operation against ISIS now does have a name but the Pentagon is not expected to reveal it until later this week , a U.S. official confirms to CNN . The name will not be made public until a formal ` execution order ' covering the entire mission against ISIS is published by the Defense Department 's Joint Staff perhaps as soon as Wednesday , Naming the operation is a fairly bureaucratic matter , but it is typically done in large scale or significant military operations as a means of providing a mechanism for everything from budgeting of funds to awarding of medals . The execution order will spell out these details , as well as potential command arrangements , and a formal military definition of the mission . The order is not expected to be made public until after a Tuesday meeting of about 20 international chiefs of defense staff from members of the coalition meet in Washington behind closed doors to discuss the way ahead in the coalition , the official said . On the issue of the name , the official said the military has made sure the name is acceptable in languages other than English so it does not cause offense when translated . Much has already been made of the name of the enemy . President Obama and the U.S. Government call the group ISIL -- Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant . CNN has been referring to the organization as ISIS , shorthand for the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Related : ISIS , ISIL or the Islamic State	The Pentagon has selected a codename for the anti-ISIS military effort The codename has not yet been released , but will be in the near future
CNN  -- Pressure is mounting on Ukraine to clean up its human rights record ahead of the Euro 2012 finals next month , with the EU Commission 's president the latest high-profile leader to boycott the football championships . Just weeks before the tournament kicks off , president Jose Manuel Barroso has rejected an invitation to attend the final in Kiev -- citing concerns over the treatment of imprisoned opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko . "  The president has decided that for the time being and in the present circumstances he does n't want to travel to or attend any events in Ukraine , " his spokeswoman told CNN on Tuesday . She confirmed this was due to concerns over the treatment of former prime minister Tymoshenko , and added : "  The EU and president Barroso have sent strong signals of their serious concerns over what is happening in Ukraine . " Photos emerged on Friday of Tymoshenko covered in bruises which the 51-year-old claims that prison guards inflicted . Officials have denied the allegations . Tymoshenko , a fierce rival of president Victor Yanukovych , is serving a seven-year jail sentence for abuse of office and faces another trial on tax evasion charges . Daughter Yevgenia said her mother 's life is now in danger since starting a hunger strike more than a week ago , in a statement on the website of British newspaper the Guardian . European leaders have continued to turn their backs on the June 8-July 1 event , which will be co-hosted by Poland , with the EU Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding also refusing to travel to the Ukraine . German chancellor Angela Merkel is reportedly considering missing the tournament , with any such visit depending on Tymoshenko 's release . Her environment minister Nobert Rottgen has already urged Berlin government ministers to boycott matches . Neither Ukraine nor Poland have previously hosted such a top-level sports event , which is run by European football 's governing body UEFA . UEFA president Michael Platini last month complained of "  crooks and bandits " hiking hotel rates in Ukraine , while last Friday bombings in the city of Dnipropetrovsk raised security fears ahead of the tournament . At least 30 people were injured , but the Ukraine government has assured UEFA it was taking "  all necessary steps " to ensure the safety of around 1.3 million fans expected to watch 16 national teams go head-to-head . No-one has claimed responsibility for the bombs , which were placed in four rubbish bins and exploded at short intervals , but some reports linked them to protests against Tymonshenko 's treatment . The attacks cast further doubt over Ukraine 's 's ability to stage such an event , and UEFA has taken the unprecedented step of raising political concerns with the East European nation . "  Even though UEFA , as a sports organization , never interferes in political matters , it has asked the Ukrainian delegation to convey these concerns to the competent authorities , " it said .	EU Commission 's president Jose Manuel Barroso snubs invitation to Euro 2012 final He is latest EU leader refusing to travel to Ukraine over its treatment of imprisoned Yulia Tymoshenko Ukraine suffering series of upsets including "  crook " hoteliers , bombings and snubs Govt assures UEFA it is taking all necessary steps to ensure safety of 1.3 m visitors
CNN  -- Complete this sentence : In the event of a loss of cabin pressure ... Air New Zealand crew members "  bared all " for their preflight safety video to show they have "  nothing to hide . " If you guessed , "  oxygen masks will drop from above , " you are not alone . Because the federally mandated preflight safety announcement is about as well known as the pledge of allegiance to many travelers , they immediately tune it out . So airlines are getting creative to grab passengers ' attention . According to a 2001 National Transportation Safety Board study , 69 percent of passengers who completed the survey did not watch the entire safety briefing because they had seen it before or because they considered it common knowledge . How do airlines compete with more entertaining options , like texting or leafing through Sky Mall magazine ? They are employing a variety of creative techniques , from naked cabin crew members to witty cartoons . Watch videos of the creative tactics " In late June , Air New Zealand rolled out a decidedly different approach to the preflight safety video for its domestic flights , and it does n't leave much to the imagination . As part of its "  Nothing to Hide " marketing campaign , which highlights the carrier 's lack of fees compared with its so-called low-cost airline competition , the airline professionally body-painted five naked airline employees to perform the safety video with a pinch of cheeky humor , literally . "  We wanted to point out we have nothing to hide , and there are no surprises , " said Steve Bayliss , general manager of marketing for the Auckland-based carrier . Set to a poppy song by New Zealander Gin Wigmore , the 3 1/2 - minute video debuted with much fanfare and a warm reception , Bayliss said . "  It was overwhelming , with 99.9 percent of the reaction positive , " Bayliss said . "  What it has done for the airline was quite amazing . It was really innovative and shows we are up to trying new things . " Atlanta , Georgia-based Delta Air Lines made an attention-grabbing foray in May 2008 when it introduced a seductive flight attendant , nicknamed "  Deltalina " by her fans because of her resemblance to actress Angelina Jolie , for its preflight safety video . The video has been viewed on YouTube more than 1.3 million times . But are passengers paying attention ? While there is no hard data , Delta spokeswoman Susan Elliott says yes . "  We know they are paying attention because they are talking about it , " Elliott said . "  The response from customers is overwhelmingly positive . " Delta will introduce a new version of the video in 2010 when the airline 's merger with Northwest Airlines is completed . As for "  Deltalina , " Elliott said only that she will "  very likely play some role " in the new video . Companies must tailor their marketing efforts to our shrinking attention spans , said Larry Chiagouris , a professor of marketing at Pace University . Whoever delivers the most concise and compact information wins the consumer over , he said . "  We are now accustomed to getting our information fast and quick ; as a result , we do n't have the staying power to sit and listen , " Chiagouris said . Cait Poynor , an assistant professor of marketing at the University of Pittsburgh , said that as people 's attention spans grow more divided , they can focus on only one thing at a time , making a company 's goal to attract your attention more difficult . Poynor and Stacy Wood from the University of South Carolina are researching what companies are doing to draw people 's attention to information they feel they already know . "  We do n't pay attention because we already feel like we know everything that 's being said , " Poynor wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  We 're unlikely to give our precious attention to that safety video . " As of Tuesday , Air New Zealand 's safety video had racked up more than 4.4 million views on YouTube , giving the airline priceless viral buzz . But Chiagouris "  guarantees " we wo n't see this type of buzz again for an airline safety video and believes that the standard preflight briefing wo n't be going away . Other airlines that have gone the creative route to spice up the monotonous preflight safety videos include Virgin America and its sister airline , Virgin Atlantic . They use sassy cartoons to explain the safety procedures . The short-lived carrier Independence Air employed celebrities and political pundits for its audio safety announcements . Southwest Airlines ' flight attendants , who do not have video equipment on board , occasionally sprinkle their instructions with quips : "  If you are traveling with two or more children , please take a moment now to decide which one is your favorite . Help that one first , and work your way down . " In March , flight attendant David Holmes gained some fame when a passenger uploaded his preflight safety announcement rap . British charter airline Thomson Airways has kids brief passengers about safety requirements . Thomson said in a news release that its internal studies found a 15 percent increase in attention from passengers . Poynor said these creative methods will hopefully perk up passengers ' attention spans . "  By doing this , they 're hoping they can make consumers think , ` Hey , there might be something new here . I should pay attention , ' and get just a little bit more of their resources , " Poynor said . Bayliss , the Air New Zealand general manager of marketing , said companies need to adjust their marketing efforts , especially in the current consumer climate . "  The grand corporate brand is over , " he said , referring to the buttoned-up appearance that airlines like British Airways uses . As for the future , Bayliss remained mum about what Air New Zealand will do next . But it 's unlikely their employees will bare all again . "  If we do a plain old traditional video , our consumers will hang us up to dry , " he said . "  The challenge is to come up with something to interest them . "	The preflight safety video may be too familiar to passengers 69 percent of passengers said they do n't pay attention to the announcement Airlines are getting creative to recapture passengers ' attention Air New Zealand body-painted naked crew members , Virgin America uses cartoons
CNN  -- When disaster strikes , it seems someone has to take the blame . Writing to a colleague in 1879 , British Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli expressed his fear that another bad harvest would lead to his political party losing the general election . True enough , after a fifth poor crop season , Disraeli 's party lost office the following year . Democracy has moved on since then , and it 's hard to imagine that an event like Superstorm Sandy would have much of a bearing on who will be sitting in the White House come January . But studies show natural disasters can still have an impact on how people vote . More : Will Superstorm Sandy impact U.S. election ? Political scientists found that while incumbent politicians can be punished at the polls following a natural disaster , voters are much more likely to turn against leaders if they are seen to have botched the response effort . But voters ' instincts to punish leaders for bad events is "  more than made up for if they receive aid and adequate help , " according to John T. Gasper of the Carnegie Mellon University , who carried out the study , published in the American Journal of Political Science in 2011 , with Andrew Reeves of Boston University . Leaders also have a better chance of being re-elected for having been seen to do a good job rebuilding after a disaster . More : World weighs in on U.S. election In 1965 , Hurricane Betsy killed 75 people in the New Orleans area , just as the city was due to elect a mayor . The incumbent mayor Victor Shiro was able to boost his public image in the aftermath of the storm . With his shirt sleeves rolled up , joining in for the clean-up operation and flying into Washington to campaign for more funds , he showed himself to be a powerful leader prepared to help his people . He subsequently won the election , holding office for another five years . The social and political context in which a natural disaster happens can have far-reaching political implications , according to Professor Mark Pelling of King 's College London in a 2008 study on the politics of disasters . He says President Barack Obama and his Republican challenger , Mitt Romney , could gain from Hurricane Sandy at this crucial time in the election cycle . Pelling told CNN : "  So long as they roll up their shirt-sleeves and are seen to be personally involved in the reconstruction , it will normally be very good for -LSB- a politician 's -RSB- popularity . " More : How to look presidential during a disaster Recalling the criticism aimed at George W. Bush 's handling of Hurricane Katrina , Pelling says that because Bush took several days to get down to the site of the disaster in New Orleans he was accused of being "  too arm 's length " in his response to the storm . Pelling and Kathleen Dill studied the impact of natural disasters on political action around the world , and found that leaders in both democratic and authoritarian regimes will try to manipulate the recovery process after a disaster to boost their popularity . A 1985 earthquake in Mexico City that left roughly 10,000 dead was also viewed as a contributing factor in the ruling party losing its 70-year hold on the capital city . Many of the opposition members had entered politics after being key activists in the reconstruction effort . Ten years later on the other side of the world , the Indian "  Onion Crisis " played a crucial part in the losses of the Bharatiya Janata Party  BJP  in the 1998 Delhi election , according to a 2012 study conducted by researchers at Harvard Business School and Loyola Marymount University . New Jersey 's Christie : I wo n't play politics with Sandy The price of onions -- a staple crop of the Indian economy and staple ingredient of the Indian household -- skyrocketed after several seasons of drought . While voters did n't blame the government for the drought itself , the study reports , they did hold them accountable for the perceived poor handling of the crisis and hit back at the polls . In China , Mao 's successor Hua Guofeng was so buoyed by popular approval after the 1976 Tangshan earthquake that he took power from the leading Communist Party faction the "  Gang of Four . " Visiting the affected areas and expressing his sorrows to victims , Hua capitalized on the disaster and used it to help him successfully dismantle the political elite which had seen the country through the decade-long Cultural Revolution . The sense of camaraderie and positive feeling that is associated with the clean-up period following a disaster , when local services and community groups are out in force , usually lasts for around a week , according to Pelling . In this sense , the timing would seem to benefit Obama . More : Get latest news at CNN Election HQ Gasper says Superstorm Sandy 's proximity to election day makes its impact more unpredictable - and that the fortunes of Romney and Obama are likely to be swayed more by how they are seen to respond to the crisis than by the realities of the situation . "  It 's a great PR event to show your constituents that you are there to help them , " he told CNN . Though neither candidate wants to be seen playing politics with this storm , if there 's any advice for Obama and Romney in their final week , it 's surely : roll your sleeves up and smile for the camera .	Studies show natural disaster can impact how people vote Voters more likely to turn against leaders if they are seen to have botched relief effort Romney and Obama reluctant to be seen as trying to capitalize politically off of Sandy
Prague , Czech Republic  CNN  -- Fireworks and rock 'n' roll echoed across central Prague on Tuesday as thousands of marchers commemorated the 20th anniversary of the "  Velvet Revolution " that toppled Communist rule . The peaceful 1989 uprising began with a student march to mark a 1939 clampdown on opposition in what was then Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia . It drew 15,000 people -- students as well as teachers , professors and ordinary Czechs who had grown weary of state control . Ivan Pilip , one of the students who took part , said the march "  was very different " from previous demonstrations he had joined . "  There was a different group of people , " he said . "  We feel that people that participated in such events before had come , and they 're ready to do something . And it was more and more visible every minute . " The protest was held a week after the opening of the Berlin Wall , as pressure was building on the Communist governments of Eastern Europe . When the demonstrators tried to divert the march to central Prague 's Wenceslas Square , they were attacked by police -- a response that led tens of thousands more people to join mass demonstrations that lasted another 10 days . "  My kids can not understand today what was moving our minds and hearts that day 20 years ago , " Pilip 's wife , Lucie , said Tuesday . "  We watched television today to show them what we had come through these 20 years , and I think it 's an enormous success . " The protests led to talks between government officials and the Civic Forum , a group of dissidents led by playwright Vaclav Havel . The Communist Party ceded power in December , and Havel became president . "  Many of our citizens who took part in the democratic changes died already with a feeling that they contributed to something that meant a lot , " Havel said Tuesday . "  In our ordinary , daily lives , we tend to forget our friends of that time -- our comrades , free-thinking individuals . " The anniversary march was capped by a concert that featured dissident musicians of the day , along with American folk singer Joan Baez . Havel himself appeared onstage with a guitar , but told the crowd , "  Do n't worry , the guitar does n't mean I 'm going to play today . " Musicians , actors and other artists played major roles in the protests . Michael Kocab , now the Czech Republic government 's human rights minister , was a rock singer who became the revolutionaries ' key negotiator . "  In the beginning there was many times this idea , ` What am I doing here , ' " Kocab told CNN recently . "  I knew in the future I 'd get used to it . And five or 10 days later , I forgot I was a musician and I submerged myself in political negotiations . And I liked it . " The celebration was organized by Opona , a nonprofit group established to observe the milestone anniversary of the dismantling of the Iron Curtain . "  Our inspiration to do this was from our memories -- we still remember the times that preceded the events , " said David Gaydecka , one of the organizers . "  We believe that the changes in those 20 years have been positive despite all those maladies which came along with the freedom . " -- CNN 's Phil Black and Fionnuala Sweeney contributed to this report .	Czech students take to the streets to mark 20th anniversary of fall of communist rule Student clashes with police in 1989 triggered events that rid then-Czechoslovakia of totalitarianism The march in 1989 was in memory of the students who perished under the Nazis
CNN  -- A cancerous tumor in 13-year-old Danny Hauser 's chest has shrunk significantly since he was ordered by a court last month to resume chemotherapy treatment , a family spokesman said . Danny Hauser , 13 , was headed for a clinic in Mexico until an arrest warrant was issued for his mom . But the Hauser family attributes much of his progress to the complementary use of vitamins and minerals to boost his immune system , Dan Zwakman said . "  The family is doing it on their own , with the doctor 's knowledge , " Zwakman said . "  Everybody is pleased that the tumor is shrinking , of course . The goal is to get rid of the cancer , but they 'd rather be doing it without the chemo . " Danny 's case made national headlines last month when he and his mother , Colleen , fled Sleepy Eye , Minnesota , for Mexico to seek alternative cancer care despite a court order that he undergo chemotherapy . They eventually returned after an arrest warrant was issued for Colleen Hauser . But had they made it to their destination -- the Rubio Clinic in Tijuana , according to Zwakman -- they would have joined the ranks of an estimated hundreds of other cancer patients who head south of the border each year for cancer care . "  Their intentions started long ago with Colleen . She 's been involved in natural healing for many years now . She believes the world was created with everything needed to sustain and heal life , " Zwakman said . Despite controversial origins and consistent bad press in the United States , Tijuana 's border clinics continue to attract people like the Hausers , who are in search of more holistic approaches to cancer treatment . Because little data exist on how many clinics are operating , it 's unclear how many American cancer patients visit Mexico each year , said Stephen Barrett , a patient advocate who runs the Web site , http://www.quackwatch.com/ . "  If they answered , you could not be sure they were telling the truth . They might have an incentive to raise the number , " he said in an e-mail . "  To make matters more complicated , many of the ` cancer ' clinics also see people who do n't have cancer . " The concept of complementary and alternative cancer treatment has slowly been gaining acceptance for more than a decade in the United States , with the creation of entities including the National Cancer Institute 's Office of Cancer Complementary and Alternative Medicine . "  Clinicians and researchers have realized that it 's important to conduct methodologically sound studies to help guide patients to understand what 's safe and what 's effective , " said Dr. Ted Gansler , medical director of health content for the American Cancer Society . But no one recommends that alternative treatment be used to replace conventional care , such as chemotherapy or radiation , he said . "  The important thing to remember is there is no recommended alternative to conventional treatment , and the reason is because if it worked , it would become conventional , " he said . As far as Tijuana 's border clinics are concerned , the American Cancer Society cautions that "  methods promoted in Mexican border clinics are not consistent with scientific understanding " of cancer and its treatment . "  Although these clinics often claim great success in advertisements and books , they have not published convincing evidence in medical journals to support those claims , " the ACS says in a section on its Web site called Questionable Cancer Practices In Mexico . "  Patients traveling to the Tijuana area for treatment appear to be subjecting themselves to costly and potentially hazardous regimens , especially if they postpone standard medical care . " Loose regulatory standards in Mexico allow Tijuana 's clinics to thrive , many offering expensive treatment in luxurious , spa-like settings , complete with fresh meals , exercise classes and emotional and spiritual counseling . Many herbs and dietary supplements used in border clinics are not considered dangerous ; they just have not been put through the rigorous clinical trials required for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to approve them for use as cancer treatments . Others , like the antioxidants carotene , lycopene and vitamins C , E and A , have produced inconsistent results in large-scale trials and are still being researched . Still others , like laetrile , a chemical compound whose active ingredient is cyanide , can be dangerous , the National Cancer Institute says . But many patients say they are attracted by the warm , caring relationship between patient and clinic staff . "  They do n't just see the disease . They see the person behind the disease and know how to care for them in every way , " says Sarah Sackett-Hutcheson , who claims she has been cancer-free for 17 years . When she was 11 years old , her oncologist told her family she had six months to live and recommended chemotherapy and radiation to battle her non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma . Instead of undergoing the debilitating treatments , she went to the Oasis of Hope Hospital in Tijuana , where she received low doses of chemotherapy along with intravenous vitamins . The American Cancer Society says there is no scientific evidence that low doses of chemotherapy or large doses of supplements are effective against cancer . But Sackett-Hutcheson believes the small doses of chemo attacked cancerous cells without destroying her immune system while the vitamins boosted her immunity . "  I remember thinking if they 'd given me the high doses of chemo I would n't have made it . Even the low doses made me so incredibly sick . I 'd be getting up like every 15 minutes , puking in the middle of the night , " Sackett-Hutcheson said . Like Danny Hauser , Sackett-Hutcheson was entangled in a court battle over her family 's decision . However , a judge allowed her to continue treatment in Mexico , while last month a judge ordered Hauser to undergo chemotherapy . Sackett-Hutcheson 's case was ultimately dismissed after doctors from the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston declined to evaluate her progress on the grounds that they felt she was receiving "  inadequate treatment , " according to court documents . Four months after her diagnosis in 1991 , she says , she was cancer-free , and has remained so . Dr. Francisco Contreras , Oasis of Hope 's head physician and the son of its founder , says Mexico 's "  open-mindedness " toward alternative therapies is related to the socioeconomic standing of most of its citizens . "  Mexican authorities are much more open to natural therapies because most Mexicans live under the line of poverty so they would not have access to conventional medicine , " he said . "  I do n't know if that 's for benefit of our patients or not , but we have this open-mindedness because we have to do something to help our people . " Like many border clinics , Contreras says his center takes an integrative approach , combining conventional treatment , such as chemotherapy and radiation , with alternative methods to create individualized regimens that focus on healing the entire body with fewer debilitating , long-term side effects . Not everyone leaves Tijuana 's clinics happy . Several articles on www.quackwatch.com and its sister sites contain negative testimonials from people who say they sought alternative treatment , mostly laetrile , for parents or a loved one only to have them die of cyanide poisoning a few weeks later . Such cautionary tales did n't stop Jennifer Woods from following the example of her grandfather by going to Tijuana to receive the Alivizatos treatment , an intravenous serum that its makers say consists of vitamins , minerals and amino acids . During her first monthlong visit , Woods paid about $ 15,000 for surgery to remove her tumors , 20 days of worth of the dosage and two meals a day , plus lodging expenses across the border in San Diego , California . But Woods says it was worth every penny . "  I feel well . I 've never had any ill side effects , and I have learned so much about nutrition and how to maintain my health , " she said in a telephone interview from her home in Denver , Colorado . Woods says she has not seen a doctor in the United States since . She says she returns to IBC about every six months for six days at a time to receive "  booster treatments " for about $ 1,200 a visit . "  It 's a very well-rounded program . You do n't just go there and let somebody give you something and then walk out and forget about it . You take responsibility from that day forward to do the right thing to keep your health in order . "	Tumors have shrunk in teen who was ordered to resume chemotherapy Family credits alternative treatments he 's getting in addition to chemo Many clinics is Mexico promise cancer healing through alternative therapies Expert : If alternative therapies really cured cancer , they 'd be standard treatment
CNN  -- Canada officially renounced the expiring Kyoto Protocol on Monday , a day after international negotiators agreed to extend the treaty 's limits on carbon emissions blamed for a warming climate . Environment Minister Peter Kent said Ottawa would keep working to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions and help negotiate a new framework for a global pact . But in a statement to reporters on his return from last week 's climate conference in South Africa , Kent said that for Canada , Kyoto "  is in the past . " Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's Conservative government has long opposed the Kyoto protocol and has refused to implement it since taking office in 2006 . Ahead of the decision , the opposition New Democratic Party accused his government of "  standing up for big polluters " at the expense of ordinary Canadians and risking the country 's reputation by abandoning the 1997 treaty . Kent said Kyoto 's goals were unworkable because the United States and China -- the world 's two largest sources of carbon emissions -- never agreed to Kyoto , and that a new pact is needed to address emissions from rapidly growing economies including those of China , Brazil and India . Special : The Road to Durban The government announced in 2010 that it would fall well short of the treaty 's target of a 6 % cut in emissions below 1990 levels by 2012 . Kent said the previous government signed onto the treaty "  without any regard to how it would be fulfilled , " and that Canadians faced "  radical " cuts or financial penalties equivalent to $ 1,600 per family as a result . He said Canada was "  well on our way " to reducing emissions by 17 % over 2005 levels by 2020 , but critics say that self-imposed goal is well below the Kyoto targets . Nations in the Durban talks agreed to extend Kyoto 's efforts over the weekend and launched an effort to set up a broader pact with a legal format to curb carbon emissions . The talks also launched a Green Climate Fund , which would essentially channel about $ 100 billion by 2020 to vulnerable countries to help them deal with the effects of climate change .	Environment minister says Canada will still work to reduce greenhouse emissions He says previous government should not have agreed to Kyoto Kyoto 's goals unworkable without the United States and China , he says
CNN  -- Skier Paul Wampach , a 49-year-old manager from Chicago , Illinois , hardly matches the stereotype of a hostel dweller : an under-30 backpacker from outside the United States who ca n't afford fancy lodging . Travelers looking to meet new people might consider staying at hostels , say experts . For the fifth time in two years , Wampach plans to head to the Fireside Inn in Breckenridge , Colorado , where he 's booked a dorm-style room for less than $ 40 a night during his ski vacation . "  If I 'm traveling by myself , there 's no reason to splurge , " said Wampach , who is single and described himself as neither rich nor poor . "  That $ 40 or $ 50 -LSB- I save on lodging -RSB- goes to food , beer and ski-lift tickets . " And amenities such as Internet access and a hot tub at the hostel add creature comforts to the trip . Wampach 's travel habits are consistent with a growing number of travelers called "  flashpackers . " They are usually over 30 , in mid-to-late career and can afford higher-end hotels but instead choose budget options -- albeit better-furnished and well-kept ones -- because it fits their lifestyle , said Mark Vidalin , Marketing Director for Hostelling International USA , a nonprofit network of hostels . Flashpackers also tend to stay connected by traveling with gadgets and seeking accommodations with free Wi-Fi , Vidalin said . The term "  flashpacker " likely originated in Australia , and combines the term "  flash " -- meaning "  stylish " -- with "  backpacker , " according to Vidalin . Flashpackers and regular backpackers are booking hostels at U.S. vacation destinations in full force this year . Attendance at hostels has been consistently rebounding from lows following the September 11 , 2001 . This year 's turbulent economy appears to be fueling demand for hostel space . Heading into ski season , Loree Weisman , the owner of the Crested Butte International Lodge and Hostel in Crested Butte , Colorado , said her hostel bookings are trending ahead of the town 's other lodging options -- and up about 25 percent from her bookings by the same time last year . Amid the unsteady economy , she said , people "  do n't want to give up a vacation , but they might need to adapt a vacation . " Instead of canceling pricey vacations due to economic fears , many travelers are rejecting accommodations with private bedrooms and bathrooms . They 're going for hostels with their dorm-style bunk beds , community bathrooms , and , most importantly for many hostel dwellers , shared living spaces . "  There 's a sense of community , and there 's a social aspect to it that 's pretty significant , " said Jim Williams , editor of "  The Hostel Handbook " and a former hostel owner . "  That is the heart of hostelling . You do n't go to a hotel and lock the door . " Wampach agreed , saying that hostels offer "  a tremendous way to meet people from different cultures and talk to people you would n't normally talk to . " But the communal atmosphere of hostels leaves many travelers skeptical , particularly Americans , Williams said . "  Americans have privacy issues . If you suggested to most people they were going to share a room with five other people , most of them would n't want to do it , " he said . What if a roommate snores or what if he smells or does n't stop talking ? -- these are legitimate questions for travelers considering the hostel option , said Williams . Frequent hostel dweller Mandy Creighton , 30 , said she enjoys the overall hostel experience , but it 's a "  huge challenge " to "  walk through the room and to my room without having to talk to 20 people . " Creighton and her partner , Ryan Mlynarczyk , 32 , who are documentary filmmakers from Sebastopol , California , are bicycling around the United States for a year and stopping in ecologically sustainable communities along the way . Their choice to stay in hostels is rooted in a desire to maintain a green lifestyle by sharing resources as well as saving money . Mlynarczyk experienced the other side of the privacy issue when he stepped out of a shower in a San Francisco , California , hostel to discover he had a female audience . "  I ... did n't have my towel on -- and some girl walks in and was like , ` Woo ! ' I 'm totally open to that sort of thing , but I think she was a little bit new to it , and she kind of was giggling . But obviously the immediate reaction was , ` Oh my God ! ' " Mlynarczyk said . In contrast to Americans who treasure their personal space , the communal environment is more ingrained in European culture , experts said . It 's possible to trace that cultural divide to post-World War II , said Williams , when Europe underwent its financial recovery in the 1950s and its culture was more communal . On the other hand , the U.S. economy was booming , and there was no need for Americans to share resources . "  At the same time -LSB- Europeans -RSB- were creating hostels , American teenagers were focused on getting their own cars , " Williams said . Nevertheless , Hostelling International reported its hostels in many destination cities saw notable increases in October versus the same time last year : New York overnight guests increased by 9.8 percent , Washington by 9.7 percent and San Diego , California , by 22.1 percent , according to Hostelling International . Despite the rise in many hostel bookings , Williams said hostelling still is n't part of mainstream American culture . "  We do hostelling about as well as we do soccer . We do it , but it 's a limited market , and we do it a certain way . Otherwise , most Americans are n't very comfortable -LSB- with -RSB- it , " Williams said . Wampach said he believes this represents Americans ' "  relatively conservative views and lifestyles . " But people are respectful of each other 's space , he said , and they rarely spend time together in the dorm room aside from sleeping anyway . "  You just do your best ; everybody understands you are who are , " Wampach said . "  Sometimes you get a guy who snores but ... that 's part of the deal . "	"  Flashpackers " are professionals older than 30 who prefer hostels to hotels Hostels in New York , Washington and San Diego , California , report increased guests Sense of community is the "  heart of hostelling , " expert says Many Americans uncomfortable with hostels ' lack of privacy
LANSING , Michigan  CNN  -- Mike Green 's family is good at making things . Through four generations of putting cars together , they 've built a city , created a community , and forged a legacy . Portrait of an auto worker legacy -- three generations of the Green family gather at Lansing 's UAW meeting hall . Green , 48 , is president of United Auto Workers Local 652 in Lansing , Michigan , where General Motors has been building cars for more than 100 years , first under the Oldsmobile name and later expanding to include Cadillac , Buick and Pontiac models . Following his grandfather , both parents , two uncles , an aunt and his sister into the Lansing factory complex , Green knew from the start that he would be held to high standards on the assembly line . "  When you went in there you not only were a part of something , building something and putting it together , but as a family coming from there you did n't want to let anybody down , " Green said . "  You knew you needed to do a good job . You knew that you were afforded the opportunity because of your father and maybe your grandfather before you . ... You do n't want to disappoint your parents , you do n't want to disappoint your family . " The Greens ' GM dynasty is in jeopardy if General Motors does n't survive the current crisis that has U.S. automakers asking Congress for financial help . That dynasty includes 10 family members -- all current or former autoworkers -- who gathered around a table at the Local 652 hall in west Lansing recently . Together they have close to 300 years of service with GM . Watch the Green family say what future they see for GM " Green 's uncle Bob Evans , 73 , started at Oldsmobile in 1961 , having served 10 years in the Army 's 11th Airborne Division in Germany , Lebanon and the early days of U.S. involvement in Vietnam . Evans , a skilled tradesman , met his future wife , Pat , working in a plastics department . "  From the beginning , it 's been quite evident that what General Motors has done for my family and for the rest of us is put food on the table and -LSB- provide -RSB- a steady job , " Evans said as sentiment clutched his voice . That steady job has been no small thing , Green 's sister Cindy DeLau , 49 , added . "  Along with the good standard of living , we 've had health care , we went through braces , " she said , casting a sidelong smirk at her brother , "  all the good things that having a decent-paying job brings to a family . " The family and others like it were n't just working for themselves , though . "  There was a lot of pride in what we did in General Motors through the years , " said Mike Green 's father , Marine Corps veteran Richard Green , 73 . "  My father -LSB- Kenneth Green -RSB- hired in in ' 45 ; he was part of the great group that won the Second World War . When I hired in , the Korean War was in full bloom . We built jet engines here to help the war effort . ... "  We were one of the spokes that helped win the Second World War , the Korean War and the Cold War with what we manufactured at General Motors . We 've done more through the generations than just build cars . " At the other end of the family spectrum is Mike Green 's son Rollin Green , 23 , who came to work for General Motors full time in June of this year . Because of concessions the UAW has made to help GM stay afloat and preserve jobs , he 's paid at half the rate of the older generation . Still , he 's confident about the future of GM and Local 652 . "  I would like to think we could sit back and weather the storm and hopefully come out of this stronger than we went into it , " he said , adding that it wo n't be easy . "  We 've sacrificed a lot in terms of pay , and we 're doing everything that we can on our side to help save the corporation , " Rollin Green said . "  The corporation needs to continue trimming the fat , and they need to take precautions , and they need to take a little -LSB- pain -RSB- like we did . " The GM-UAW family ties reach beyond bloodlines . "  You develop all these relationships in the plant . You spend so much time with these people , they 're like family , " Mike Green said . "  You form bonds that are lifelong . " "  It 's people you 've grown up with , " DeLau agreed . "  I 've got 31 years in , and there are people I hired in with , and I 'm still with them . I know their kids , their grandkids . It 's a huge family . " Their cousin Ed Sawyer , 48 , a GM carpenter , recalled having to leave work in a hurry when his daughter 's birth came early . "  When I came back the next day , I had about six pink sacks sitting on the bench , " he remembered with a wide smile . "  There were afghans and clothes . You know , we are a big family . " See where else GM has plants " Stereotypes of autoworkers as lazy or sloppy irk DeLau . "  I would invite -LSB- critics -RSB- in to an assembly plant to see the hard work that goes in . I have never once seen a car put itself together . ... It is very physical , hard work , " she said . This family takes pride not only in being a part of GM in Lansing , but just as strongly in being a part of the UAW . "  That goes way back ; it 's up through the generations , " Mike Green said . "  What it means to me is I 'm a part of something where people stick together through the good , through the bad . ... "  We 've talked about family sitting around this table , both your blood relatives and your extended family in the plant . And that 's what the UAW brings to you : It teaches you how to stick together through thick and thin . And that 's what you 've seen through the generations . "	Four generations of one family have worked for General Motors Legacy at risk of ending if GM does n't survive financial crisis Michigan family proud of contributions to industry , military , community , union
Hong Kong  CNN  Australia 's transport safety chief has always described himself as a pessimist . But Martin Dolan , Chief Commissioner of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau , says that as search teams scour the depths of the Indian Ocean for any sign of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 , he is confident they will find the plane , if the aircraft is in the areas where they are looking . "  If anything , I 'm slightly more optimistic than six months ago , because we have more confidence in the data , and we have proven the search equipment and techniques work to the necessary standards , " Dolan said . But as the first anniversary of MH370 's disappearance approaches , with no trace of the missing plane found , not everyone shares his outlook . That includes many of the relatives of the 239 passengers and crew on board , who say not a single day goes by without wondering what happened to their loved ones . And for many , the decision in late January by Malaysia to officially declare MH370 an accident , enabling the insurance payout process to begin in accordance with international protocol , was painfully premature . "  How can they say that , when there is no proof that the plane has crashed ? " asked Wen Wang Cheng , whose son Wen Yung Sheng was one of 153 Chinese nationals on board . "  We have to get the facts , " Wen said . What families have been told , they say , simply is n't good enough . Anger , frustration , and distrust pushed some relatives , including Wen , to fly from China to Kuala Lumpur last month , to demand more . But when families submitted a letter to Malaysia Airlines asking for authorities to explain the declaration and status of the investigation , a written response from the company 's CEO revealed little that had n't already been said . At 12:41 a.m. local time on March 8 , 2014 , Malaysia Airlines MH370 took off from Kuala Lumpur International Airport , en route to Beijing . Less than an hour later , the Boeing 777-200ER was flying over the South China Sea . Air traffic controllers in Malaysia radioed the crew to contact controllers in Ho Chi Minh City for its onward journey through Vietnamese airspace . The crew acknowledged the request , thanking Kuala Lumpur controllers with a routine reply : "  Good night , Malaysian Three-Seven-Zero . " Minutes later , the plane disappeared from radar . Malaysian authorities revealed days later that military radar had tracked the plane as it turned back to the west , flew across the Malay Peninsula , and up the Strait of Malacca , before flying out of radar range and vanishing once again . The search area widened , then shifted off the coast of Western Australia , when it was determined through careful analysis of a series of messages or "  handshakes " between the plane and an Inmarsat telecommunications satellite , that MH370 eventually turned south , and flew for hours into the Indian Ocean . Roughly a week 's sail from the coast of Western Australia , ships with specialists and equipment capable of searching depths that regularly exceed 4,000 meters  13,123 feet  , work around the clock , methodically ticking off sections of sea floor . In early February a new ship , the Fugro Supporter , joined the search carrying the HUGIN 4500 , a programmable unmanned submarine , now scanning areas that other equipment could n't safely cover , including steep mountain slopes . The ship joins the Discovery and Fugro Equator , both operated by a Dutch survey firm , along with the Malaysian-contracted GO Phoenix . "  I asked specifically to come on this job , because it 's a very exciting opportunity to do something that will potentially help a lot of people , " James Hancock , a surveyor who usually works in the oil industry in the North Sea , told CNN 's Anna Coren , as he prepared to embark on a trip on the Fugro Discovery that could last up to six weeks . Since October , more than 24,000 square kilometers -- roughly 40 % of what the ATSB calls the "  priority search area " -- has been scanned , with the remainder of the work scheduled to be finished by May before weather conditions worsen as the southern winter approaches . For now , teams are searching mostly using devices called towfish , which are dragged close to the ocean floor on cables up to 10 kilometers long . It 's tough work , even when conditions are perfect . A number of cyclones , producing waves of up to 16 meters , put the brakes on the search in early February . Dolan is careful to point out search efforts are meeting or exceeding expectations , dismissing concerns over stormy weather or delays in installing equipment as "  part of the deal . " The current search area is the result of months of analysis and reexamination of satellite data by an international team of experts , combined with aircraft performance factors such as fuel range , speed , and altitude . Search ships are focused along the so-called 7th arc , or "  partial handshake , " where international investigators believe the plane ran out of fuel . "  The thing that really impresses me most about this investigation was how much information we were able to gain through mathematics and science , " said CNN Safety Analyst David Soucie . But Soucie , a former FAA accident investigator , is not optimistic that the deep-sea search teams will find what they 're looking for . "  I know that they 've searched in the most probable areas where it would have been , and it 's not there , " he said . Jeff Wise , a science journalist and author of "  The Plane That Was n't There , " took that skepticism a step further , saying it 's time to reexamine all the clues . His latest theory contends that investigators may have misinterpreted a key component of the Inmarsat satellite data , and that MH370 may have instead flown north toward Kazakhstan . "  This is not a normal investigation . They need to throw out the book , " said Wise . "  This is unlike anything that 's happened in aviation . " But Michael Exner , an engineer with decades of experience in the mobile satellite communications industry , says the data "  accurately and unambiguously " shows MH370 went down near the 7th arc . "  The current ATSB search strategy remains the best search strategy , " Exner said . "  They are looking exactly where I expect the plane to be found . " The ATSB 's Dolan cautioned that search teams have placed equal priority on all areas within the 60,000 square kilometer search zone . "  We have n't given up . Quite the opposite , " he said . If search teams succeed in locating the wreckage of MH370 , Australia , which has been leading the search at Malaysia 's request , will also lead salvage and recovery efforts , according to the ATSB Chief Commissioner . But Malaysia , Australia , and China , which had the majority of the passengers on board the flight , have not yet made a decision on whether a recovery will occur , Dolan said . It is unclear what will happen if search teams complete their current mission without finding any sign of the plane . Australia has allocated roughly $ 48 million to the current phase of the search , with Malaysia promising to contribute equally to the cost . In January , the Malaysian government said it is committed "  to continue all reasonable efforts to bring closure to this unfortunate tragedy . " One possibility is that the deep-sea search could be extended outside the boundaries of the current priority area , north or south along the 7th arc . The ATSB would not comment on the likelihood of expanding the search , saying that it was a "  decision for governments . " Malaysia also plans to release an interim statement detailing the progress of the investigation into MH370 around March 8 -- though some experts believe it will not contain any information investigators do not already have . Aviation experts say there is a key reason the search should continue until MH370 is found . "  Without knowing what caused it , you ca n't fix it , you ca n't make sure it does n't happen again , " said Soucie . "  And I think that 's really the biggest tragedy of this , if they do n't find the airplane . " For the families of the 239 passengers and crew on board , who have had nothing but hope and prayers to carry them through the past year , it 's about finding answers . "  It 's very difficult to hear the world closure , when there is no closure , " Jacquita Gonzales , the wife of lead steward Patrick Gomes , told CNN 's Andrew Stevens . And while Gonzales says she holds out hope her husband could return home alive , she is prepared for a difficult discovery . "  If it 's there and there 's debris , we can have closure and we can lay him at peace . Because I do n't think he 's at peace right now . " The search for MH370 continues . CNN 's Andrew Stevens , Anna Coren , Tim Schwarz , Felicia Wong , Chieu Luu , and Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	Ahead of one year anniversary , search chief says he 's confident Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 will eventually be found Not all share Martin Dolan 's optimism Families angry at the lack of information concerning their loved ones lost on board
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced Wednesday night that all the 33,000 additional U.S. forces he ordered to Afghanistan in December 2009 will be home within 15 months . In a nationally televised address from the East Room of the White House , Obama said 10,000 of the "  surge " forces would withdraw by the end of this year , and the other 23,000 would leave Afghanistan by September 2012 . U.S. troop levels Calling the deployment of the surge "  one of the most difficult decisions that I 've made as president , " Obama said the military campaign was "  meeting our goals " in Afghanistan and the drawdown would begin "  from a position of strength . " "  Al Qaeda is under more pressure than at any time since 9/11 , " Obama said . "  Together with the Pakistanis , we have taken out more than half of al Qaeda 's leadership . And thanks to our intelligence professionals and special forces , we killed Osama bin Laden , the only leader that al Qaeda had ever known . This was a victory for all who have served since 9/11 . " At the same time , Obama said the Afghanistan drawdown and the simultaneous winding down of the war in Iraq would help the United States begin to refocus attention and resources on efforts to resolve economic and other problems and to unify a politically divided nation . "  America , it is time to focus on nation building here at home , " the president said . The troop withdrawals from Afghanistan will begin next month , as Obama promised when he ordered the surge in a speech 18 months ago at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York . After the departure of all the surge forces , the total U.S. military deployment in Afghanistan will be slightly fewer than 70,000 troops . Obama 's time frame will give U.S. commanders another two "  fighting " seasons with the bulk of U.S. forces still available for combat operations . It also will bring the surge troops home before the November 2012 election in which Obama will seek a second term . Initial reaction was varied , with outgoing Defense Secretary Robert Gates supporting Obama 's decision while congressional leaders were divided between those who wanted a faster withdrawal and others calling for caution in leaving Afghanistan . "  It 's important that we retain the flexibility necessary to reconsider troop levels and respond to changes in the security environment should circumstances on the ground warrant , " said House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , in a statement . "  It is my hope that the president will continue to listen to our commanders on the ground as we move forward . Congress will hold the administration accountable for ensuring that the pace and scope of the drawdown does not undermine the progress we 've made thus far . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , was more blunt , saying : "  This is not the ` modest ' withdrawal that I and others had hoped for and advocated . " Democratic colleagues of Obama expressed support for starting the withdrawal but said more troops should be included and they should depart faster than the president announced . "  It has been the hope of many in Congress and across the country that the full drawdown of U.S. forces would happen sooner than the president laid out -- and we will continue to press for a better outcome , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said in a statement . Trepidation about what 's next Two candidates for the Republican presidential nomination to run against Obama next year expressed reservations about the withdrawal strategy , but differed in their reasoning . "  We all want our troops to come home as soon as possible , but we should n't adhere to an arbitrary timetable on the withdrawal " from Afghanistan , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney said in a statement . "  This decision should not be based on politics or economics . " In his own statement , former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , who was Obama 's ambassador to China until recently , called for shifting the Afghanistan mission to "  a focused counterterror effort which requires significantly fewer boots on the ground than the president discussed tonight . " "  We need a safe but rapid withdrawal , which encourages Afghans to assume responsibility , while leaving in place a strong counterintelligence and special forces effort proportionate to the threat , " Huntsman said . What happens to "  civilian surge " as troops return home ? According to senior administration officials , the troop surge fulfilled a strategy to refocus the U.S. war effort from Iraq to Afghanistan . Due to the surge , the officials told reporters , the military mission in Afghanistan has made great progress toward its objectives of dismantling and defeating al Qaeda in the region while stabilizing the country to prevent it from again providing a safe haven for the planning of terrorist attacks on the United States . The killing of bin Laden in early May and the success in reversing Taliban momentum in the southern provinces of Helmand and Kandahar enabled the beginning of a troop withdrawal that will culminate with handing over security responsibilities to Afghan forces in 2014 , the senior administration officials said on condition of not being identified . In the speech , Obama announced that Chicago will host a NATO summit in May 2012 to review the Afghanistan mission and strategy going forward . Gates -- along with Afghan war commander Gen. David Petraeus -- had pushed for an initial drawdown of 3,000 to 5,000 troops this year , according to a congressional source . Gates also urged the president to withdraw support troops only -- not combat troops . Obama , however , ultimately decided to adopt the more aggressive withdrawal plan . The senior administration officials said Obama 's withdrawal schedule fell within the range of options presented to him by Petraeus . The general has been nominated to become CIA director to succeed Leon Panetta , who will take over as defense secretary when Gates steps down at the end of the month . In a statement after Obama 's speech , Gates said it was "  critical " that U.S. forces continue to "  aggressively " carry out the surge strategy of degrading the capability of the Taliban while bolstering Afghan security forces . "  I support the president 's decision because it provides our commanders with enough resources , time and , perhaps most importantly , flexibility to bring the surge to a successful conclusion , " Gates said , signaling Pentagon control in deciding which U.S. forces to withdraw . This week , Gates acknowledged that the president must take into account public opinion and congressional support for further military engagement . "  Sustainability here at home " is an important consideration , Gates said , noting that people are "  tired of a decade of war . " CNNMoney : The cost war in Afghanistan Public exhaustion with the conflict is reflected in recent public opinion polls . Nearly three-quarters of Americans support the United States pulling some or all of its forces from Afghanistan , according to a June 3-7 CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey . That figure jumped 10 points since May , likely as a result of the death of bin Laden , pollsters said . Republicans -- who have been the strongest supporters of the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan -- are shifting their opinion on the conflict . In May , 47 % of Republicans said they favored a partial or full withdrawal of American troops . That figure rose to 60 % this month . The sharp divisions have been reflected in Congress , where Democrats and Republicans are increasingly split . Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , called Tuesday for a "  substantial and responsible reduction " in troop levels , arguing the war has become fiscally irresponsible and more resources need to be focused on domestic problems . The United States has spent roughly $ 443 billion on the war in Afghanistan , according to budget analysts . According to Travis Sharp , a researcher at the Center for a New American Security , the troop reductions Obama announced would bring a savings of about $ 7 billion in fiscal year 2012 . Until Wednesday , Obama had said publicly only that troops would begin coming home in July , and he recently indicated the initial number withdrawn would be "  significant . " Senior administration officials told CNN that planning for the announcement began in January , when the president summoned top members of his national security team into the Oval Office and tasked them with coming up with a plan for the drawdown . The calculations that went into the drawdown decision included the fact that "  remarkable " and "  unexpected " progress had been made degrading al-Qaeda 's infrastructure in its bases in the tribal regions of Pakistan over the prior 18 months , one of the officials said . Additionally , the Taliban have been rolled back from their heartland regions in southern and southwestern Afghanistan , both in northern and southern Helmand Province and around the key city of Kandahar , which had been their de facto capital . This progress fulfilled the administration 's pledge to reverse the momentum of the Taliban , which had been one of the key rationales for the surge . Another factor favoring the drawdown was the growth in Afghan army and police forces of 100,000 men in the past year , the officials said . The military progress has enabled some political progress , with Afghan security forces preparing this year to take over seven areas in Afghanistan that are home to some 20 % of the population . Special forces operations against the Taliban "  middle management " in Afghanistan have put significant pressure on them and have opened up more opportunities for "  reconciliation " with the Taliban , the officials said . A White House official said the administration is "  not starry eyed " about the prospects of discussions with the Taliban and does not anticipate anything like "  the Treaty of Versailles , " which ended World War I. However , the official said , there are now between "  10 and 20 leads " that the United States is aware of that may lead to substantive talks with the Taliban . The official said the leads are in the "  exploratory " phase and that the United States has briefed Afghan President Hamid Karzai about them . The deployment of U.S. forces has n't been popular with many Afghan leaders , who criticize the presence of the Americans in their country . It 's a message that 's not lost on Karl Eikenberry , the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan . "  When we hear ourselves being called occupiers and worse , our pride is offended , and we begin to lose our inspiration to carry on , " Eikenberry said Sunday during a speech at Herat University in western Afghanistan . "  At the point your leaders believe that we are doing more harm than good , when we reach a point that we feel our soldiers and civilians are being asked to sacrifice without a just cause ... the American people will ask for our forces to come home . " CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Barbara Starr , Ted Barrett , Deirdre Walsh , Tom Cohen , Alan Silverleib and Brianna Keilar and CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen contributed to this report .	NEW : Senior administration officials say planning for the drawdown began in January Romney , Huntsman question Obama 's decision President Obama announces all 33,000 "  surge " troops to leave by September 2012 The withdrawal will begin next month , with 10,000 troops leaving Afghanistan this year
Washington  CNN  Cory Booker joined the Senate in 2013 as one of the chamber 's most prolific Twitter users , boasting 1.4 million followers on his personal account . But when he got to Washington , the New Jersey Democrat had to start an official account from scratch , with zero followers . That 's because congressional ethics rules bar Booker and other lawmakers from transferring their personal or campaign followers to their official government Twitter accounts . The prohibition is in place because lawmakers are n't allowed to use office tools for campaign purposes . Such rules reflect the growing challenge of coming to Washington in the digital age . Elected leaders must navigate an increasingly complex landscape to have the social media presence their constituents demand without getting in trouble . VIDEO : Who teaches the government how to tweet?To help make sense of it all , Twitter has invested in a Washington-based team to act as a liaison between the company and government entities that use the service . The group does n't have any lobbyists or political agenda . Instead , this five-person contingent , which works with every level of government , from town mayors to the White House , serves the growing network of government entities for which Twitter has become a part of everyday life . On any given day , they walk the halls of Capitol Hill on their way to teach Senate communication directors how to use Twitter 's latest tools , pass through security checks at federal agencies for a seminar with bureaucrats or host meetings at GOP or Democratic headquarters with campaign operatives . Adam Sharp , a political and media veteran who formerly worked for Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu and C-SPAN , leads the group from a small downtown office . "  Our role here is to help elected officials and agencies recognize that they can use the platform to communicate more effectively with constituents and give them ideas on how to do that , " Sharp said . Sharp was Twitter 's first Washington employee in 2010 , when he initially set up shop from his living room . At that point , Twitter had already been around for four years , but only about a quarter of Congress used the platform . Sharp 's job at the time was spent mostly persuading government agencies and lawmakers to join . Since then , Twitter has transformed the way Washington does business . In a town where information is traded like currency , Twitter 's ability to share and spread a message has made it the first place many turn to break or find news . Nearly every government agency , from the Central Intelligence Agency to the U.S. Geological Survey , relies on the service , which they can use to reach their audience directly . As Twitter 's popularity grew throughout government and political circles , the company 's mission here adapted . Their task shifted from persuading elected leaders to take a risk and try their site to teaching eager policymakers how to use it better . Twitter 's high-profile role has had an especially outsized role in reshaping the way Congress communicates with the media and constituents . In the weeks leading up to President Barack Obama 's recent State of the Union address , Twitter 's D.C. team was busy encouraging lawmakers to live-tweet their experience during the proceedings by posting their reactions , photos and videos using Vine , a camera app Twitter acquired in 2012 . The pitch to members : Why wait for a television camera to find you when you can broadcast your personal response to the President of the United States in seconds ? The campaign paid off . Within minutes of Obama 's remarks , congressional staffers and even lawmakers themselves pulled out smartphones to shoot brief videos throughout Statuary Hall -- the room outside the House chamber that doubled as a media spin room after Obama 's address -- of their bosses rebutting or praising the President 's proposals . The House Republican Conference even set up a rapid response station to help automate the process for lawmakers who needed some extra help . "  We 're moving toward a situation where members are letting people into the process and viewing it through their own eyes , which is a lot closer , " said Sean Evins , a former House Administration Committee staffer who joined Twitter 's government team in 2012 . "  You 're seeing more members involved personally , and it brings a lot more people into the process . " Sharp 's team last year produced a handbook for policymakers on how best to use the platform , which along with security guidelines , recommends that policymakers use their accounts themselves to share photos and information about their lives and work .  Twitter is aiming to compete on photo-sharing with Facebook-owned app Instagram , which is currently dominating the online photo market . Of course , over-sharing can backfire . A website maintained by the watchdog Sunlight Foundation called "  Politwoops " that tracks posts deleted by politicians serves as a graveyard of congressional digital mishaps . In January , freshman Republican Rep. Mike Bishop of Michigan tweeted photos from the House floor in violation of chamber rules that bar photography . He deleted them soon after . Last summer , several lawmakers removed tweets of praise for the release of hostage Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl once details of how the Obama administration handled the negotiations became known . Still , Twitter 's D.C. reps hold that the opportunity to connect directly with constituents is well worth the risk . "  The best members of Congress who use Twitter are the ones who are using it themselves and using it in an authentic way , " Sharp said . "  It 's not something to be afraid of . Opening this new gateway for that direct one-on-one communication gateway with constituents is something we have n't had in a long time . "	Twitter 's Washington staff promotes tweeting to governments around the world . They do n't lobby ; they teach lawmakers and government agencies how to use Twitter 's latest tools
CNN  -- So it comes down to Kentucky and Connecticut . With just seconds left on the clock , Kentucky freshman Aaron Harrison sank a "  ridiculous " three-pointer to give the Wildcats a 74-73 win over Wisconsin in the Final Four of the NCAA men 's basketball tournament Saturday night . Kentucky will face Connecticut in Monday 's title game , after the Huskies came back to oust top-seeded Florida 63-53 earlier Saturday . Neither team was expected to make it this far . Kentucky was a No. 8 seed in its region , while Connecticut was No. 7 . Kentucky coach John Calipari said Wisconsin could have easily come out on top before the late toss by Harrison , who has hit two other key long baskets in the tournament . "  They did everything they were supposed to do to win the game , and then we made a ridiculous shot , " he said at a postgame press conference . "  We hung on and so did Wisconsin . It was a heck of a game . " Another movie-script twist for Kentucky Calipari praised his freshman-laden team for coming back from a 40-36 halftime deficit to go on a 15-0 run . "  When we 're down ... they grow hair on their necks , " he said . Kentucky will feature the first all-freshman starting lineup in the national championship game since the 1992 Michigan team nicknamed "  The Fab Five . " After Harrison 's three-pointer , Wisconsin 's Traevon Jackson got off one last shot as time expired -- but it missed the goal . "  I felt pretty good that he got to that spot where he 's hit shots before , " Wisconsin coach Bo Ryan said . "  It just did n't go . " Attendance was a record 79,444 Saturday night at the Final Four at AT&T Stadium in Arlington , Texas , where the championship game will also be played . The turnout tops the previous mark of 78,129 , according to the NCAA March Madness Twitter feed . Connecticut rebounds to oust Florida In Saturday 's first game , Florida held a 12-point lead over Connecticut midway through the first half . But the Huskies roared back , taking a slight lead at the half and expanding the bulge early in the second half . UConn slays No. 1 giant "  They showed us some true grit and toughness , " Connecticut coach Kevin OIlie said in the postgame press conference . Shabazz Napier said he and his teammates did n't panic when they trailed 16-4 early in the game . "  We 've been through a lot of dogfights and continue to believe in each other , " he said . Florida coach Billy Donovan said , "  Once they got their defense set I think we had a hard time handling their pressure . " Scottie Wilbekin of Florida , the player of the year in the Southeastern Conference , only scored four points in the contest . "  On offense , we could n't get anything going , " he said . National title game preview	"  Ridiculous " last-minute shot lifts Kentucky over Wisconsin Connecticut tops favorite Florida for trip to title game A record crowd of 79,444 attends Saturday night 's game
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Audio recordings locked inside a college library in the United States might help solve a decades-old murder mystery , but the release of those tapes could damage the fragile peace in Northern Ireland . In December 1972 , the widow Jean McConville was taken from her home in Belfast and her 10 children . "  They came about tea time and they dragged her out of the bathroom and dragged her out , " remembers McConville 's daughter , Helen McKendry , who was then a teenager . Ever since , McKendry has been on a 40-year quest for answers . "  All I ever wanted was to know the reason why they killed my mother , " McKendry explained . "  I 've lived all my life in fear , " McKendry added . "  They destroyed my mother 's life , my family life . " McKendry believes tapes locked away in Boston College 's library may hold the truth about her mother 's fate . But there are fears that the tapes may also cause embarrassment or worse for Gerry Adams , the prominent Catholic politician who helped broker peace in Northern Ireland . The recordings were made as part of the Belfast Project , which is a collection of interviews conducted with former Northern Irish paramilitary fighters . They provide an oral history of the decades of sectarian fighting that became known as The Troubles . Reminders of Irish ` troubles ' rise to surface Northern Ireland is part of Britain and Protestant fighters wanted to keep it that way . Catholics were fighting to force the British out and reunify the north with the rest of Ireland . The former combatants believed that their recorded interviews would be kept secret until their death . But that may no longer be possible as Northern Irish police are asking the United States government to hand over some of the tapes . The police say they were alerted to the secret archive by the book , "  Voices from the Grave , " written by Belfast Project archive manager Ed Moloney , which is based on transcripts from two of the recorded interviews . One of those featured is Brendan Hughes , a now-deceased former commander of the Irish Republican Army or IRA , a Catholic paramilitary . Hughes told his interviewer : "  I have never , ever , ever admitted being a member of the IRA , ever . I 've just done it here . " And he talked about Jean McConville 's murder , stating : "  I knew she was being executed . I knew that . I did n't know she was going to be buried or disappeared as they call them now . " Hughes went on to allege Gerry Adams was involved : "  The special squad was brought into the operation then , called The Unknowns . You know when anyone needed to be taken away they normally done it . I had no control over this squad . Gerry had control over this particular squad . " Hughes added he regretted what happened : "  Looking back on it now , what happened to the woman was wrong . " Hughes said in his taped interview , McConville was killed because the IRA believed she was working with the British army . The McKendrys do not believe she was a spy , saying she was too busy looking after her 10 children to be an informer . Gerry Adams , leader of Northern Ireland 's Sinn Fein party , refused to be interviewed by CNN for this story . But , he has said many times before that he was never in the IRA and never involved in the death of Jean McConville , and has labeled as libelous any allegation he was involved in the McConville murder . His spokesman goes further , labeling Adams ' critics as anti the peace process . Adams ' denial of IRA membership angers his old comrades like Hughes . "  It means that people like myself had to carry the responsibility of all those deaths , " Hughes said on the interview tape . "  Gerry was a major , major player in the war and yet he 's standing there denying it . " The Northern Irish police vow to "  follow the material in the Boston Archives all way to court if that 's where it takes them ... they say detectives have a legal responsibility to investigate murders ... and follow all lines of inquiry . " The British government 's most senior politician on Northern Ireland , Owen Paterson told CNN that no one person is above the law . "  There can be no concept on amnesty , so we have to support the police to have complete operational independence in pursuing every line of inquiry in bringing those who committed crimes to justice , " Paterson said . Right now the Boston archive manager , Ed Moloney , is furious with Boston College for initially giving in too quickly to subpoenas demanding they hand over some of the tapes to a U.S. judge . He says it puts lives in danger , damages the future of truth recovery , oral histories and academic research . Moloney -- who is appealing to try to stop the court from handing the tapes it has to police -- wants the tapes handed back to the people who told their stories . "  Boston College is no longer a fit and proper place to keep these interviews , " Moloney insists . "  The archives should be closed down , and the interviews should be returned to the people who gave them because they 're not safe . " But there seems to be little chance of that , Boston College 's spokesman Jack Dunn blames Moloney . "  From the beginning , we said to the project organizer , who approached us with this idea , that there were limitations regarding the assurances of confidentiality under American law , " Dunn said . But what worries Moloney is that if the police get tapes relating to Jean McConville 's murder , they could quickly find other crimes to investigate implicating more political leaders and the police could soon demand all the tapes in the archive . Few believe the police will get Adams to court in part because he is inoculated from prosecution by his central role silencing IRA guns and delivering peace , and in part because the tapes alone can not secure a conviction . Former IRA man Richard O'Rawe recorded a statement for the Boston College archives and says lawyers told him under UK law the tapes can not be used in court . "  I find it just imponderable , why the police are going down this road when they must know that there is no chance of obtaining any convictions at the end of this , " O'Rawe says . Like many other Catholics , O'Rawe thinks the police are biased against them , trying to settle old scores and bring Adams and others down . But for Helen McKendry , herself a Catholic getting access to the tapes is about so much more . For her , it 's not only about justice but a release from the pain of never knowing the truth . "  They tried to destroy what life I have now , " she says . "  They are the people who committed the crimes in this . They should be worried . "	Tapes made in secret by former fighters across sectarian divide offer chilling insights Now a fight is brewing over whether police can have access to them Northern Ireland police and one family think the tapes may help victims of the violence Researchers say releasing the tapes puts at risk the lives of those who spoke to them
CNN  -- Police have arrested two people in connection with a cyber-attack that yielded personal details for 12 million customers of one of South Korea 's biggest phone companies . One of the suspects , identified only by the surname Kim , used his own customized hacking program to break into the computer system used by KT Corp , Incheon Metropolitan Police Agency Commissioner Lee Sang-Won said in a statement obtained by CNN Thursday . Kim , whom police said was 29 year old , accessed bank details , home addresses and employment information for three-quarters of KT 's 16 million registered users . This data was sold on to a 37-year-old man identified only as Park . The owner of a telemarketing business , Park used this information to sell cell phones posing as a KT representative , police said . The two made 11.5 billion won  US$ 10.8 million  from the scheme , which dated back to February 2013 , police added . A third person initially implicated in the case was released . The investigation is now expanding to other hacking activities and other cell phone sales stores . KT said in a statement that it would actively cooperate with the police investigation to "  minimize the damage to its customers , " and "  figure out the route of information leakage . " Credit card scam In January this year , the personal data for 20 million South Korean credit card customers was stolen by a worker at the Korea Credit Bureau -- a company that offers risk management and fraud detection services . The worker , who had access to various databases at the firm , is alleged to have secretly copied data onto an external drive over the course of a year and a half . Clients of three Korean companies -- KB Kookmin Bank , Lotte Card and Nonghyup Bank -- were hardest hit by the data theft . Following this leak , financial regulators have been working to revise legislation to beef up the protection of personal information , the Yonhap news agency reported .	Hackers steal details for 12 million customers of South Korean phone giant Bank details , home addresses obtained for three-quarters of KT Corp 's users Details used by an accomplice to sell cell phones posing as KT representative Second major data leak in South Korea since January
CNN  -- NASA 's New Horizons explorer is hurtling through space on its way to the outermost reaches of the solar system for a rendezvous with the small , icy "  dwarf planet " of Pluto and its five moons . It 's a staggering decade-long , 3 billion mile journey that started with the New Horizons launch in 2006 . The space probe is expected to reach Pluto next summer , the only spacecraft to visit it . It 's also only the fifth probe to ever journey so far from the sun across such vast reaches of space , according to NASA officials . New Horizons is reminiscent of another historic undertaking : NASA 's Voyager 2 mission to Neptune . Monday marks the 25th anniversary of Voyager 's fly-by of Neptune and its moon Triton on August 25 , 1989 . The mission gave humanity its first close-up glimpse of the eighth planet from the sun and its largest satellite . Marking the 25th anniversary , NASA has released a global color map of Triton using Voyager 's extraordinary footage of the moon and a video of the fly-by . The space agency says the map 's colors are a close approximation of the moon 's natural colors . NASA says the image of Triton and video provides a sneak peek of what scientists expect when New Horizons reaches Pluto . "  Although Triton is a moon of a planet and Pluto is a dwarf planet , Triton serves as a preview of sorts for the upcoming Pluto encounter , " NASA said on its website . But the space agency also says it expects great differences in the large moon and the dwarf planet . "  Although both bodies originated in the outer solar system , Triton was captured by Neptune and has undergone a radically different thermal history than Pluto . Tidal heating has likely melted the interior of Triton , producing the volcanoes , fractures and other geological features that Voyager saw on that bitterly cold , icy surface . " Pluto , which is slightly smaller than Triton , will likely be very different from Neptune 's large moon , but researchers expect the dwarf planet to have similar features to Triton , including internal density and bulk composition , and similarly low temperatures on its frozen surface . Voyager also discovered atmospheric plumes on Triton , according to NASA . The discovery , said NASA researchers , made it "  one of the active known bodies in the outer solar system , along with ... Jupiter 's moon Io and Saturn 's moon Enceladus . " Scientists are hoping the New Horizons mission will help establish whether Pluto or its largest moon , Charon , falls into this category . Space agency officials caution , however , when New Horizons makes its closest fly-by of Pluto on July 14 , 2015 , "  it will not be a replay of Voyager , but more of a sequel and a reboot . " New Horizons is more technologically advanced than Voyager , and it 's also exploring a whole new planetary system , so researchers expect to make new discoveries . Monday , August 25 , also marks another milestone anniversary for NASA : Two years ago , Voyager 1 reached interstellar space , defined by Voyager Project Scientist Dr. Ed Stone as "  the space between the stars . "	NASA 's New Horizons mission hurtles toward Pluto in historic 3 billion mile expedition New Horizons is set to reach the "  dwarf planet " in July 2015 NASA marks anniversary of Voyager 2 mission to Neptune and its moon Triton NASA : Voyager 2 mission offers a preview of sorts of New Horizons journey
CNN  -- In a tournament which has produced so many shocks perhaps the only surprise is that it took Andy Murray so long to put his legions of fans through the mill . As Britain paused , skipped its afternoon tea and instead munched nonchalantly on strawberries and cream , Murray threatened to sour an afternoon which had promised so much . The stage was set -- gone were the usual suspects . There was no Roger Federer , no Rafael Nadal . This was Murray 's moment . But somebody forgot to tell Fernando Verdasco - the man who had the audacity to threaten the home favorite 's apparently seamless stroll to the final . Two sets down and staring elimination in the face , Murray produced when it mattered . The World No. 2 rallied in heroic fashion to win 4-6 3-6 6-1 6-4 7-5 and seal his place in the semifinal of Wimbledon for the fifth time in his career . "  There 's been a lot of matches where I 've been behind and managed to turn it round , " Murray told the BBC . "  I do n't know if it is the most emotional match , but it was an unbelievable atmosphere and great to get through . "  Fernando served unbelievably well especially when he was behind . In the first set he played some really good stuff , in the second set my level dropped and I started rushing a bit . "  i managed to turn it around . I made some poor choices . He 's a very , very good player he 's been at the top of the game before and he 's playing well again . "  I started to play more solid and really took my time when I had the chance . " Tears Last year , Murray stood on the Centre Court at Wimbledon and captured the hearts of a nation as he cried through a speech just minutes after his final defeat by Federer . Weeks later , he exorcised that ghost , defeating Federer on the same court to win Olympic gold and give himself the perfect preparation going into the U.S. Open . Murray 's heroic victory over Novak Djokovic in New York ended Britain 's 76-year wait for a grand slam champion as he finally equaled the achievements of Fred Perry . Defeat in the final of the Australian Open deprived him of a second slam , while injury prevented him from competing at Roland Garros . Not since Perry triumphed in 1936 has the home crowd saluted one of its own -- but Verdasco appeared disinterested by such sentiment . The Spaniard , currently the ninth best player in his own country , had never made it past the fourth round of Wimbledon before this year . Ranked 54 in the world , the left-hander was supposed to merely turn up and succumb to the inevitable . But this Wimbledon tournament has refused to conform with normality -- Nadal , Federer , Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova will tell you that . Instead , it was Verdasco who took the contest to Murray , swinging with his prodigious forehand which left the Briton chasing hopelessly across court . The 29-year-old took the opening set 6-4 to leave Murray cursing his luck and silence a partisan crowd . While the vocal support roared Murray back to the baseline , it was Verdasco who was making all the noise . Once again he left Murray questioning his game as he hit winner after winner to claim the second set 6-3 and leave his opponent teetering on the edge . Blinked But then Verdasco blinked . From being in control of the contest , Verdasco squandered the initiative and allowed Murray to waltz to the third set 6-1 . Suddenly the impetus was with the home favorite and backed by the majority of the 10,000 crowd and countless others on ` Murray Mound ' , he roared back into the contest . Whereas an hour earlier it was Murray looking at the sky , this time it was Verdasco who was left with more questions than answers . Now it was Murray 's turn to dominate , showing that extra level of fitness and rapid cross-court speed as he leveled the match by taking the fourth set 6-4 . Having won 14 of his 20 contests which have gone to five sets , Murray would have been confident of pulling off the great escape . Verdasco proved a stubborn opponent , holding serve with relative ease to take the match to 5-5 in the decider . But in the 11th game , Murray finally made the breakthrough , taking a 6-5 lead before serving for the match which he did with aplomb . Janowicz Murray will play Poland 's Jerzy Janowicz in the last four after the 24th seed saw off fellow Pole Lukasz Kubot . Janowicz hit 30 aces and 58 winners on the way to becoming his country 's first ever male grand slam semifinalist . "  Really I have not many words to say right now , " he told the BBC . "  I 'm just really happy and it does n't matter if I 'm the first or second from Poland . " Earlier , six-time grand slam winner Djokovic swatted aside Tomas Berdych 7-6 6-4 6-3 to make it through to the semifinal stage . The Serb star , who defeated Nadal in the 2011 final , will play Argentina ' s Juan Martin del Potro in the last four . Djokovic , who has now reached 13 consecutive Grand slam semifinals , avenged his 2010 defeat by Berdych -- a contest which propelled the Czech into the final on that occasion . The 26-year-old was 3-0 down in the second set but wrestled back control of the match before seeing off his disheartened opponent . "  It was a close match -- it could have gone either way , " Djokovic told reporters . "  He was a double-break up in the second set . I do n't know how I got out of that , but I was serving and returning well . "  I have a commitment to go far in this tournament . I am playing some of my best tennis on grass even though it 's not my preferred surface , " World No. 6 Berdych revealed his disappointment after his performance tailed off following a promising opening set and a half . He said : "  I can play better than I played today . If you give him too much then it 's a lot . " Del Potro Meanwhile , del Potro overcame an injury to his left knee to ease past World No. 4 David Ferrer 6-2 6-4 7-6 . The Argentine hit 42 winners and 12 aces after slipping on the Centre Court surface early on during the last eight clash . Del Potro , who had not reached the semifinal of a grand slam since winning the U.S. Open four years ago , is the second Argentine to reach the last four following David Nalbandian in 2002 . "  I was really close , " del Potro told reporters after being asked how close he was from retiring . "  I felt a lot of pain at the beginning of the match . It was exactly the same as before . "  It 's really , really painful . I twisted my knee once again , but the doctor gave me some magic pills so I could finish the match . I 'm so glad to go through . " Ferrer had problems of his own , revealing he was struggling with an ankle injury . "  I was n't able to warm-up properly but it was fine during the match , " he told reporters . "  I do n't think his injury affected him . He was more focused and aggressive , served really well and deserved to win . "	Andy Murray wins epic five set thriller against Fernando Verdasco World No. 1 Novak Djokovic coasts into semis with a straight sets win over Tomas Berdych Serb star won 7-6 6-4 6-2 and will meet Juan Martin del Potro Del Potro overcame knee injury to beat David Ferrer 6-2 6-4 7-6
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate voted Monday to begin debate on an anti-discrimination bill to protect lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender employees from workplace discrimination . That means a Senate vote on the Employment Nondiscrimination Act , also known as ENDA , could occur this week . It 's the first time since 1996 the Senate will vote on the measure . This version , however , is more encompassing . It includes workplace protections for not only sexual orientation but also for gender identity . The Senate passed the procedural vote and overcame the 60-vote threshold necessary . Seven Republicans joined all Democrats and two Democratic-leaning Independents for 61 votes . After the procedural vote Monday , the White House released a statement saying that Obama looks forward to the Senate 's consideration of EDNA . "  He thanks the lawmakers from both sides of the aisle who have stood up for America 's core values of fairness and equality , " it read . But the bill 's passage in the House is far less certain . The measure would provide the same protections for LGBT workers as are already guaranteed on the basis of race , gender and religion . It would no longer be lawful for employers to discriminate based on a person 's "  actual or perceived " sexual orientation . Republican support The measure is coming up for a vote because of a recent wave of momentum in support . After the bill gained the support of all 53 Democrats , two independents and two Republican co-sponsors : Sens. Mark Kirk of Illinois and Susan Collins of Maine . ENDA : How we got here Sen. Dean Heller , R-Nevada , announced his support Monday morning . His decision lead supporters within the Senate to believe that they have the votes to pass the bill . The outcome of the vote received the support of more Republicans than anticipated . Senators Orrin Hatch of Utah and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska , who voted for the measure at the committee level , voted in favor of the key procedural measure . In the end , so did Senators Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire , Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania and Rob Portman of Ohio . Collins said Monday that she hopes to get enough votes to spur the House to act . "  I think that it was Republican votes that made the difference tonight . And that that is a strong signal , " the senator said . "  I also think that attitudes are changing very rapidly on gay rights issues , and we 're seeing every passing day more and more people have embraced equality , " she said . Republican opposition "  If more members of Congress step up , we can put an end to this form of discrimination once and for all , " Obama wrote . The Republican-led House might be a major obstacle to ENDA 's success ; House Speaker John Boehner has already announced his opposition . "  The speaker believes this legislation will increase frivolous litigation and cost American jobs , especially small-business jobs , " spokesman Michael Steel said . And Rep. Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , the second ranking House Republican , refused to commit to bringing up the legislation . He said that he and fellow Republican leaders "  will review it " if the Senate passes it . House Democratic Leader Rep. Nancy Pelos said the measure would still pass the House despite Boehner 's opposition because most Democrats would support it . "  All we need is maybe 20 Republicans and we can pass the bill , " she said on MSNBC Sunday . Chad Griffin , president of the LGBT activist group Human Rights Campaign , had harsh words for Boehner . "  The speaker , of all people , should certainly know what it 's like to go to work every day afraid of being fired . Instead of letting the far right trample him again , it 's time for Speaker Boehner to stand with the majority of everyday Republican voters and support ENDA , " Griffin said . The conservative political organization Heritage Action put out a notice to all Republican lawmakers recommending a no vote . Its scorecards are threatening assessments of lawmakers who fear a primary challenger or are in need of the outside group 's influx of campaign cash . Heritage Action says the bill "  raises serious religious liberty concerns " and would "  potentially discourage job creation . " Family Research Council President Tony Perkins also slammed ENDA . "  Can you imagine walking into your child 's classroom and meeting a teacher dressed in drag ? Neither can most Americans . But unfortunately , that 's just one of the many consequences of adopting a law as dangerous as this one , " he wrote in a blog post Friday . "  Preschools , day care centers , summer camps , religious chains like Hobby Lobby or Chick-fil-A -- they 'll all be subject to the law , regardless of their personal beliefs and workplace standards , " Perkins said . An exemption for religious organizations is included in the bill , but some want the religious protection extended to secular businesses , which ENDA proponents say would gut the entire bill . Employers with fewer than 15 employees would also be exempted from the law . Last-minute lobbying Leading up to the vote , proponents are championing the bill and pressured opponents or those on the fence to come out in support . President Barack Obama wrote a rare op-ed in the Huffington Post in which he called job-site LGBT discrimination "  offensive " and "  wrong . " "  And it needs to stop , because in the United States of America , who you are and who you love should never be a fireable offense , " the President wrote . The newest member of the Senate , New Jersey Democrat Cory Booker , who was sworn in last week after a special election , has passionately defended ENDA on one of his oft-used methods of communication . Opinion : No one should be fired for being gay He said on Twitter he will support ENDA , "  Absolutely , unequivocally , proudly with gusto & enthusiasm . I hope to make it my first ` co-sponsor . ' " Wisconsin Democrat Tammy Baldwin , the country 's first openly gay U.S. senator , similarly spoke in support of the legislation . "  It 's about freedom , the freedom to realize our founding belief that all Americans are created equal under the law . It 's about fairness , about whether lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Americans deserve to be treated just like their family members , their friends , their neighbors and fellow workers , " she said Monday before the vote . "  It 's about opportunity , about whether every American gets to dream the same dreams , chase the same ambitions and have the same shot at success , " Baldwin said . Heads of major businesses have come out in support of the law , including Tim Cook , Apple 's CEO , who wrote an op-ed Monday in the Wall Street Journal . "  So long as the law remains silent on the workplace rights of gay and lesbian Americans , we as a nation are effectively consenting to discrimination against them , " he wrote . "  We urge senators to support the Employment Nondiscrimination Act , and we challenge the House of Representatives to bring it to the floor for a vote . " Twenty-one states currently have laws on the books protecting lesbian and gay workers from discrimination and 17 states protect transgender workers , according to the Human Rights Campaign . The federal statute would create protections in all states and the District of Columbia . Opinion : ENDA threatens free markets CNN 's Lisa Desjardins , Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh and Dan Merica contributed to this report	The Senate votes to begin debate on ENDA President Barack Obama wrote a rare op-ed voicing his support The bill would outlaw workplace discrimination for LGBT workers House Speaker John Boehner said he will not support ENDA
Sydney  CNN  -- Australia 's Qantas Airways said it plans to resume flights Monday afternoon after a government labor board ordered it to end a dispute with its unions that grounded the airline over the weekend . Qantas jets will resume service over the next 24 hours in a "  safe and phased approach , " company CEO Alan Joyce told reporters Monday morning . Labor relations tribunal Fair Work Australia ordered an end to the labor dispute "  to avoid significant damage to the tourism industry " after Qantas grounded its jets Saturday afternoon.The airline grounded 447 flights since Saturday and announced it would be locking out its unionized pilots , engineers , ramp , baggage and catering crews effective Monday evening amid a dispute with the unions that has dragged on for 14 months , the board said . Qantas argued that the unions ' demands would leave the airline "  seriously impaired or destroyed . " The labor board gave the two sides three weeks to reach an agreement , with a possible three-week extension if talks were making progress . The decision "  provides certainty for Qantas passengers , " Joyce said in a statement following the decision . He apologized to passengers and said flights would resume as early as Monday afternoon . The Australian and International Pilots Association said it hoped for a "  positive outcome " from the talks , calling the decision to ground the airline a "  gross overreaction " to its demands . "  It is a sign that the current management has lost touch with the traveling public , its workers and the basic Australian ethos of free speech , " the union said in a statement . At Sydney airport , columns of "  canceled " illuminated the departure board . Throngs of weary passengers crowded the help desk to rebook with other airlines , as suitcases lay scattered all over the floor . "  It makes me wonder whether I would book with Qantas again , " said Isabelle Storer , who was stuck at the airport with her husband after a visit to the United States . Their connection to Adelaide was canceled , leaving her frustrated because her husband needed medical treatment , she said . Passenger Ron Fuller waited at the airport , albeit more optimistic . "  For a month or two , everyone will be anti-Qantas , there 's no doubt about that , " Fuller said . "  But emotion probably gets in the way sometimes . " The labor dispute involves three unions representing air and ground staff of Australia 's largest domestic and international airline . Union officials have accused the airline of planning to outsource ground jobs at a cost of thousands of Australian jobs and of putting profits first . Pay and working conditions have also been at the center of the disputes . The industrial action is aimed at ensuring Qantas will not have enough funds to set up overseas operations that will jeopardize job security , union officials said . The move comes at an embarrassing moment for Australia , which is hosting dozens of heads of government and their staffs for the Commonwealth meeting in Perth . Qantas CEO Joyce has come under fire for grounding the fleet , which was preceded by weeks of tension between the airline and its workers . It 's "  a maniacal overreaction , " said Richard Woodward , vice president of the Australian and International Pilots ' Union . The decision to ground the Qantas fleet , stranding thousands of passengers around the world , was unnecessary and grossly irresponsible , he said in a statement . In a statement , the Transport Workers Union of Australia described the cancellations as "  disgraceful " and aimed at destroying the airline . Qantas , which has its headquarters in Sydney , is the second oldest airline in the world , and marked its 90th anniversary last year . It employs about 32,500 people and flies to more than 180 destinations worldwide , according to the company website . CNN 's Hugh Williams contributed to this report .	NEW : Qantas says flights will resume Monday afternoon The pilots union called the grounding of fleet a "  maniacal overreaction " A government labor board said the dispute could have inflicted "  serious damage " to tourism
CNN  -- Forget planking , it 's time to get "  Persieing . " The latest World Cup craze , currently exploding on social media , pays homage to Netherlands striker Robin van Persie . Photos of the Manchester United forward 's acrobatic headed equalizer against world champions Spain in Friday 's 5-1 win has gone viral . Van Persie nodded delicately over Spain goalkeeper Iker Casillas while seemingly suspended in mid air to register one of the goals of the tournament . Now Twitter is awash with soccer fans the world over recreating his "  Flying Dutchman " pose . Dutch DJ Armin van Buuren posted his tribute after a thumping win for Louis van Gaal 's team , but the craze caught the imagination of both old and young . This baby can barely walk , but it did n't stop him saluting Van Persie 's wonder strike . Not only was it a brilliant goal , it was also one that sparked a collapse from the World Cup holders . After going in front thanks to a Xabi Alonso penalty , Spain fell apart after Van Persie 's equalizer , going on to lose 5-1 . It meant Spain conceded more in its opening 90 minutes in Brazil than in its last 10 games at World Cups and European Championships combined . Spain 's captain and goalkeeper , Iker Casillas , was only 40 minutes away from besting legendary Italy goalkeeper Walter Zenga 's record of 517 minutes without conceding during World Cup matches .	Dutch striker Robin van Persie sparks new social media craze "  Perseing " Man Utd striker 's acrobatic opening goal against Spain strikes chord with fans Supporters across the globe recreating his acrobatic pose
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq and the United States are close to reaching a deal under which U.S. combat troops would leave by December 2010 and the rest would leave by the end of 2011 , two Iraqi officials said Thursday . U.S. soldiers patrol a street in Baghdad , Iraq , last week . One of the officials , Deputy Foreign Minister Mohammed al-Haj Mahmoud , said the two governments probably will reach a final deal within days . He and Haider Al-Ababdi , a Shiite parliament member from Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Dawa Party , said that under the deal , U.S. troops would be restricted to their bases by June 30 instead of patrolling Iraq 's streets . Mahmoud , the head of Iraq 's delegation negotiating a deal on how U.S. troops will operate there , also said the Iraqi government would be able to request that some troops stay longer . Two senior U.S. officials said negotiators have made progress and are close to a deal . But they also said that some issues are unresolved and that troop withdrawals would be tied to conditions on the ground . Watch what hurdles remain before a troop withdrawal " The U.S. military presence is spelled out by a U.N. mandate , which is to expire by the end of this year . Iraq and the United States want to replace that mandate with a status-of-forces agreement governing how U.S. troops will operate in Iraq . The U.S. officials said U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice spoke with al-Maliki on Wednesday to try to resolve the issue of legal immunity for U.S. contractors working in Iraq . The officials described the phone call as tense . Under a provision put into place in the early days of the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq , security contractors have had immunity from Iraqi law . The Iraqi government has criticized the blanket immunity because of incidents such as the fatal shootings of 17 people in Baghdad 's Nusoor Square on September 16 . Iraqi officials say Blackwater Worldwide contractors killed the 17 . Sunni politician killed Also Thursday , a senior member of a Sunni political party that recently rejoined Iraq 's government was fatally shot in the northern city of Mosul , the party said . Gunmen assassinated Mahmoud Younis Fathi , a senior member of the Iraqi Islamic Party in Nineveh province and the director of religious schools for the Sunni Endowment , the party said . Fathi 's bodyguard also was killed as the pair traveled to work . Mosul police confirmed the slayings near Fathi 's house in the western part of the city . Sunni insurgents have targeted Sunnis who cooperate with the U.S.-backed Iraqi government . American and Iraqi troops have been fighting al Qaeda in Iraq in Mosul and surrounding Nineveh province in northern Iraq . The Iraqi Islamic Party is the largest party in the Iraqi Accord Front bloc , which recently rejoined Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's government after bolting last year over disagreements with the leadership . The Accord bloc -- which includes 44 lawmakers in the 275-member parliament -- pulled six ministers from the Cabinet last summer for several reasons , including what it called the monopolization of power by Shiites and Kurds and what it regarded as the unjust detention of Sunnis . But Sunnis have been more friendly toward the al-Maliki government because of its efforts this year in promoting prisoner amnesty , sharing power and taking on militants in Shiite regions such as Basra , Amara and Baghdad 's Sadr City neighborhood . The leader of the Iraqi Islamic Party is Tariq al-Hashimi , one of Iraq 's two vice presidents . "  The assassination of Mahmoud Younis Fathi is a cruel crime targeting the national voices and mission of taking care of youths in Mosul , " the Iraqi Islamic Party said , adding that it "  condemns and denounces " the killing . In other violence Thursday in Mosul , insurgents killed three police and wounded six people by rigging a cart with explosives . About 8 p.m. Thursday , a suicide bomber 's car exploded after Iraqi police shot at it , an Interior Ministry official said . The explosion happened before the car reached a police station in al-Wahda neighborhood in southern Mosul , but eight policemen were wounded , the official said . In another restive area of northern Iraq , Salaheddin province , a roadside bombing critically wounded a police chief , authorities said . Gen. Hamed Namis al-Jabouri , police commander in Salaheddin , and seven other police officers were wounded when the bomb struck a convoy , police in Tikrit said . They were evacuated to a military hospital in Tikrit . Meanwhile , the U.S. military said coalition troops in Iraq detained 25 people in raids targeting al Qaeda in Iraq militants . The raids took place in Baghdad , Salman Pak , Mosul , Bi'aj and Baiji . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Arwa Damon in Baghdad and Elise Labott in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. officials : Rice , al-Maliki have tense discussion on contractor immunity Combat troops would leave by 2010 under possible U.S.-Iraq deal Two U.S. officials say agreement close , but it 's not a done deal Gunmen kill Sunni politician Mahmoud Younis Fathi and bodyguard in Mosul
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Doctors say an encephalitis outbreak has killed 130 people -- mostly children -- in northern India since January . The outbreak of acute encephalitis -- an inflammation of brain tissue -- is mostly concentrated in eastern parts of Uttar Pradesh , said V.S. Nigam , the state 's nodal officer for tackling the disease . He told CNN that 640 patients had tested positive for the infection , including 30 with Japanese encephalitis , which is spread by mosquitoes . Acute encephalitis can be spread in various ways , including a bacterial or viral infection ; the ingesting of toxic substances ; and complications of a disease . The disease has mostly struck children up to 15 years old , Nigam added .	Encephalitis outbreak has killed 130 people in northern India since January Outbreak is mostly concentrated in eastern parts of Uttar Pradesh Encephalitis , an inflammation of brain tissue , mostly affecting children under 15
CNN  -- The Country Music Association Awards show is billed as "  Country Music 's Biggest Night " -- and it certainly was for married stars Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert , who cemented their status as Nashville 's golden couple by winning male and female vocalist of the year for the fourth year in a row . Shelton also picked up his first win for album of the year Wednesday night , but "  The Voice " star was aced out as entertainer of the year by sentimental favorite George Strait , who last won that title in 1990 . Afterward , Shelton told a roomful of journalists , "  He 's not just entertainer of the year . He 's entertainer of the last three decades ... he 's King George , and I could n't be happier with how this night turned out . " There were some fresh faces at the podium , too . Kacey Musgraves was named new artist of the year , while Florida Georgia Line nabbed duo of the year and single of the year for the summertime smash "  Cruise . " And at the tender age of 23 , Taylor Swift received the CMA 's prestigious Pinnacle Award for achieving global success and recognition unique to country music . Swift later told CNN , "  I was freaking out . My parents were losing it . ... This is kind of like a night you have in your daydreams where it 's like everyone you love is there . It just was unreal , honestly . " The 47th Annual CMA Awards opened with a musical number that parodied a real-life "  feud , " pitting the Zac Brown Band 's frontman against supporters of chart topper Luke Bryan -- reportedly because Brown had criticized Bryan 's latest single in a radio interview . But even before the show started , Bryan told CNN , "  Zac and I saw each other backstage , and we hugged , and it 's not that way ... so it 's all good . No big feud . Me and Zac -- we may have a collaboration coming one of these days . You never know . " In their sixth year as hosts , Brad Paisley and Carrie Underwood got some laughs with a skit that mocked Obamacare . The pair pretended to be trying to sign up for the health care program before launching into a new take on the George Strait classic "  Amarillo by Morning . " "  Obamacare by morning , " they sang . "  Why 's this taking so long ? I 'm going to end up with hemorrhoids/If I sit here 'til dawn . "	Blake Shelton and wife Miranda Lambert are named male and female vocalist of the year George Strait wins entertainer of the year Taylor Swift receives the Pinnacle Award Co-hosts Brad Paisley and Carrie Underwood mock Obamacare in skit
CNN  -- -LSB- Breaking news update at 11:44 p.m. ET -RSB- The Chinese icebreaker Xue Long  "  Snow Dragon "  is about 15 miles  24 kilometers  from the expedition vessel struck in ice in Antarctica , the icebreaker 's captain told CNN . He said he expects to reach the stranded vessel late Friday local time . -LSB- Previous story , published at 8:57 p.m. ET -RSB- Antarctic ship trapped in sea ice should be rescued by Friday CNN  -- The first of three ice-breaking rescue ships is expected to reach an expedition vessel trapped in frozen seas off Antarctica by Friday , the voyage 's leader told CNN via Skype . "  We just want to assure family and friends , everyone is fine , the vessel is safe , and we 're looking forward to getting home and having a decent cup of coffee soon , " said Chris Turney , expedition leader and professor of climate change at University of New South Wales in Australia . He said crew members , researchers and tourists aboard were doing "  amazingly well . " "  Morale is remarkably high , " he added Thursday in the Skype interview , whose video displayed a whited-out scenery . The MV Akademik Shokalskiy , with 74 people aboard , became locked in sea ice Monday night and spent the next 12 hours with all aboard hoping that high winds would subside . They did n't . So , the ship spent Christmas at a frozen standstill 100 nautical miles east of the French base Dumont D'Urville , about 1,500 nautical miles south of Hobart , Tasmania . "  We had a great Christmas , " Turney said , though everyone was frustrated about not being able to venture out into the open ocean . "  This is an area of enormous change . We 're in an area of a big driver of global climate , " Turney said . "  We wanted to come here to see how much change has taken place . "  Ironically , this is actually giving us extra time to do research , " he said about being stuck in the frozen waters . He joked that he gave researchers the day off on Christmas , though . "  We 're looking at life under the sea ice , " he added . A Chinese ice breaker called the Snow Dragon , or Xue Long , was en route from Freemantle , Australia , to the Ross Sea at Antarctica and could reach the stuck vessel by Friday . Meanwhile , the French vessel Astrolabe is just 17 nautical miles away and is also expected to reach the trapped researchers and tourists by Friday . An Australian ship , the Aurora Australis , is expected to arrive later , the expedition 's website said Thursday . "  Between the three of them , we 're hoping to get out relatively quickly , " Turney said . A British rescue coordination center received a satellite distress signal on Christmas morning from the Russian-flagged ship and contacted the Australian Maritime Safety Authority , which handles the Southern Ocean region where the vessel was stuck , a safety authority statement said . Turney said everyone aboard the expedition vessel is scheduled to return to southern New Zealand by January 4 . Expeditions Online , a polar booking agent for the MV Akademik Shokalskiy , said on its website that the ship got stuck "  partway through her Australasian Antarctic Expedition towards Mawson 's Hut at Cape Denison . " The Expeditions Online website described the ship as "  a fully ice-strengthened expedition vessel " for working in polar regions . "  This class of vessel is world-renowned for polar exploration , because of its strength , maneuverability and small passenger numbers , " the company 's website said . CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Tom Cohen , Kevin Wang , CY Xu and April Ma contributed to this report .	NEW : A Chinese icebreaker is about 15 miles  24 kilometers  away from the vessel The first of three ice-breaking rescue ships should reach trapped vessel by Friday "  Between the three of them , we 're hoping to get out relatively quickly , " leader says "  Everyone is fine , the vessel is safe , " expedition leader tells CNN via Skype
CNN  -- German Bundesliga giants Bayern Munich have confirmed Mark van Bommel as their captain for the new season , with Philipp Lahm named as vice-captain . Bayern Munich captain Van Bommel will be hoping to lift more trophies for the Bavarian giants this season . The Dutch midfielder was given the captain 's armband by Jurgen Klinsmann last season after Oliver Kahn retired . However , the arrival of Anatoliy Tymoschuk from Zenit St Petersburg seemed to suggest that Van Bommel 's place in the Bayern team was no longer guaranteed , but new coach Louis Van Gaal has decided that his compatriot will indeed be one of the first names on his team sheet next season . "  We have been observing his behavior on and off the field over the last four weeks and the influence he has on the club and on the squad , " explained Van Gaal 's assistant Andries Jonker on Bayern 's official Web site . Tymoschuk must now fear for his place in the Bayern team after being told he is only second-choice behind Van Bommel . And , since Van Gaal has made it clear that he wanted to choose a captain who will play every week , Tymoschuk may have to spend much of his first season in Bavaria sitting on the substitutes ' bench . "  He can not play in his best position in our system , " admitted Van Gaal . "  That is where Van Bommel plays . He could play on the right , but I have chosen Hamit Altintop for there . Every player is compared to his rivals and the coach makes the decisions . " Meanwhile , Bayern 's French midfielder Franck Ribery has been declared fit to resume training after a summer spent battling tendonitis in his knee . Ribery missed the pre-season Audi Cup tournament involving Manchester United , AC Milan and Boca Juniors and is not likely to make Saturday 's opening Bundesliga home match against Hoffenheim . But the France international , who was Monday called into his country 's squad for the World Cup qualifier with the Faroe Isles in Torshavn on August 12 , will be ready to train on Wednesday ,	Bayern Munich confirm Mark van Bommel as their captain for the new season The Dutchman was given armband by Jurgen Klinsmann after Oliver Kahn quit Franck Ribery declared fit to stary training after battling tendonitis in his knee
Tokyo  CNN  -- Investors were unable to trade shares in scores of companies listed in Tokyo for several hours Thursday after a computer problem at the city 's stock exchange . The Tokyo Stock Exchange said it had suspended the trading of 241 securities , including shares of the electronics giant Sony , after problems with the exchange 's market data systems . Tokyo is one of the largest stock exchanges on the planet by total market capitalization and has more than 2,000 listed stocks . The suspension began at 9 a.m.  7 p.m. ET Wednesday  . A spokeswoman for the exchange said the affected securities had resumed normal trading at 12:30 p.m.  10:30 p.m. ET Wednesday  . Sony was of particular interest to investors after saying Wednesday that its chief executive , Howard Stringer , would step down . The company 's shares fell as much as 4.8 % in afternoon trading . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	NEW : The affected stocks have resumed normal trading The exchange attributed the trading suspension to problems with market data The stocks include Sony , which has said its CEO is stepping down
CNN  -- China 's passion for Transformer robots might not follow computer logic , but it 's no secret . The stories are geek legends -- from repairmen building 20 giant autobots out of junk in a small village in Shandong to the true romantic who spent 10 months building an eight-meter-high Optimus Prime to propose to his girlfriend . Then there was the reality series that picked four Chinese actors for minor roles in the upcoming "  Transformers 4 : Age of Extinction , " a good part of which is supposed to take place in China . It makes sense , therefore , that the Transformers 30th Anniversary Expo is being held in Macau this week . Running June 1 to October 5 at the Venetian Macao , the new Transformers Expo showcases more than a thousand toys and collectibles in 10 different zones of the resort 's giant event space . Features include a replica of AllSpark  we 're told it 's the soul of a Transformer  and a laser grid to test visitors ' sense of balance . There 's also a 3D hologram and a seven-meter-tall likeness of Autobots leader Optimus Prime . A large number of the exhibits have been lent to the Expo by two "  super collectors " from Hong Kong and Shanghai . For anyone hoping to build up their own battalion of robots in disguise , the Expo seems like a good place to start . Anniversary keepsake figurines of Optimus Prime , Grimlock , Starscream , Soundwave and Bumblebee have been produced just for the exhibition and are being sold on site . Those who want all five will have to keep coming back -- a different figurine is being sold every month . Transformers 30th Anniversary Expo , Cotai Expo Hall F , Venetian Macao , Macau ; +853 2882 8888 ; June 1-October 5 , 2014 ; 11 a.m.-8 p.m. ; adults HK$ 100  $ 13  , children HK$ 80  $ 10 Venetian Macao Transformers Package  includes a one-night stay at the resort and entry to the Transformers Expo  starts at HK$ 2,098  $ 271	Transformers 30th Anniversary Expo opens at Venetian Macao Exhibit features more than 1,000 toys and collectibles over 10 zones Holograms of Transformers and giant statues among items on display
Tacloban , Philippines  CNN  -- Juvilyn Tanega sits inside her sweltering tent looking at pictures of the children she will never see again . All six died the night of November 8 , along with their father and their grandmother . Tanega now lives alone near her own father in the Philippine city of Tacloban , still trying to come to terms with her appalling loss . They died as they tried to shelter from Typhoon Haiyan inside their wood and tin shack . Tanega somehow survived the wall of water that swept away her family and her future . She is one of 100,000 people , according to the United Nations , who now live in tents throughout the region of the central Philippines devastated by one of the strongest storms ever recorded . A staggering one million live in conditions considered by the UN to be unsafe and vulnerable to future storms . "  I want to leave but I ca n't , " she says . "  There 's nowhere for me to go and I am at the bottom of the list for a new house . " The tragic reality for Tanega is that she is a low priority for a new home because she does n't have children . The best she hopes for now is to go back to school , get a qualification and try to start a new life somewhere else . Seven months after Haiyan , the city of Tacloban still bares the vivid scars of its destructive path . The airport is still only partially rebuilt , while much of the city is a mix of mangled steel structures , concrete shells that used to be houses , roadside graveyards , tents and crowded temporary homes known as "  bunkhouses " . The 4WD vehicles of aid organizations can been seen everywhere . But Tacloban is not sinking in despair . The city is recovering . Power is mostly restored , the town center once again throbs with business and noise , both the Coca-Cola and Pepsi plants are back in operation and the hotels are open . "  I love Tacloban " signs are springing up , or are being repainted . At the Alejandro Hotel a sheet hangs from the roof with the words "  Tacloban Tindog "  "  Stand Up Tacloban "  . The city is not yet standing tall but it 's trying . The biggest single problem is housing . The storm surge destroyed thousands of homes on the coastal strip . Most were shanties . With nowhere else to go , people are rebuilding over the remains of their old houses , using whatever they can scavenge from the wreckage . New timber is in short supply . However they are building exactly where the government does n't want them to , right in the danger zone . Anything like a repeat of the 8 meters-high wall of water that crashed through the coastal strip would once again wash away these homes . READ MORE : Returning to a city still struggling , but determined The government initially banned any new building within 40 meters of the sea but that was modified because it was impractical . There are no hard rules about where to rebuild but it is clear that the government sees these new rebuilt homes as temporary . "  It is too dangerous to build back there . It is too exposed , " says Panfilo Lacson , Presidential Adviser on Rehabilitation and Recovery . "  Yolanda  the local name of Haiyan  is the new normal as far as we are concerned . We have to build places that can stand up to that sort of weather , " he says . The government is planning to build 200,000 new homes to house a million people . They will be away from the shoreline on land not prone to mudslides and solid enough to withstand the most extreme winds  Haiyan 's sustained wind speed was measured at around 199mph / 320kmph  . "  We have the money for it , " says Lacson . But progress has been glacially slow , say the people of Tacloban . The master recovery plan has only just been tabled . Politics , bureaucracy , finding and acquiring suitable land have all contributed to the fact that of the 200,000 homes planned , only about 130 had been completed by the middle of May . "  Building Back Better " is the government 's slogan but that is wearing thin on the streets here . For people like Tanega , the slogans mean nothing . "  We 've been waiting a long time . I do n't know how long my suffering will go on , " she says . "  Who do I run to , who do I lean on ? I do n't have a family , no husband to rely on . I am not important . " The government says it understands and it 's ramping up re-development . But now it is a race against time . At the beginning of June the new typhoon season began . And Tacloban and the surrounding area is one of the most typhoon-prone parts of the planet . GALLERY : After Typhoon Haiyan and six months later	Around 100,000 people in the typhoon devastated region of the Philippines live in tents The city of Tacloban is slowly rebuilding with government plans for 200,000 homes for 1 million residents Many complain that reconstruction is too slow and homes are being rebuilt on at-risk areas "  Stand up Tacloban " is the city 's new slogan but the region is bracing itself for the new typhoon season
CNN  His voice became hauntingly familiar as the masked man with a British accent who appeared repeatedly in brutal beheading videos from ISIS . But the identity of "  Jihadi John " remained a mystery -- until Thursday , when two U.S. officials and two U.S. congressional sources confirmed it . The man , the officials said , is Mohammed Emwazi , a Kuwaiti-born Londoner . The officials , who 've been briefed on the matter , spoke to CNN after a Washington Post report first revealed Emwazi 's identity . Emwazi is believed to have traveled to Syria in 2012 , according to the newspaper , and later to have joined ISIS there . Even with a name and face for the man behind the mask , uncertainty still swirled Thursday . London police and British officials declined to confirm his identity . Officials from a London-based human rights and Muslim advocacy organization who 've interacted with Emwazi said they could n't be 100 % certain it was him . And a key question remained unanswered : What inspired him to join ISIS ? The answer depends on who you ask . Some terrorism experts said Emwazi 's history shows someone who 'd been on a path toward extremism for years . But CAGE , the London advocacy group that worked with him , said if he is the man who 's appeared in ISIS videos , it 's a sign that British authorities ' tactics pushed him to radicalize . Emwazi was born in Kuwait in 1988 and moved to the United Kingdom when he was 6 years old , CAGE said on its website . He studied at the University of Westminster in London and graduated in 2009 with a degree in computer programming , the group said . Emwazi , according to CAGE , "  hoped that with this degree , he could build a successful career in Arab countries , as he was fluent in Arabic , English and had a British accent . " Did something change to send him on a different path ? According to the Washington Post , friends of Emwazi said they believed his path to radicalization began when he went on a trip to the East African nation of Tanzania in 2009 . He was supposed to be going on safari there , but was reportedly detained on arrival , held overnight and then deported . He was also detained by counterterrorism officials in Britain in 2010 , the Post said . Authorities have n't provided any reasons behind those reported detentions . London police declined to confirm the reported identity . "  We have previously asked media outlets not to speculate about the details of our investigation on the basis that life is at risk , " said Cmdr. Richard Walton of the Metropolitan Police 's Counter Terrorism Command . "  We are not going to confirm the identity of anyone at this stage or give an update on the progress of this live counter-terrorism investigation . " A UK Foreign Office spokeswoman told CNN : "  We will neither confirm nor deny the current reporting as to the identity of Jihadi John . " There are "  striking similarities " between Emwazi and the man known as "  Jihadi John , " according to Asim Qureshi , CAGE 's research director . Qureshi told reporters Thursday that he could n't be 100 % certain that Emwazi is Jihadi John because the man 's face is covered in the videos . But Qureshi said the man he knew was very different than the merciless figure from ISIS videos . Emwazi was a "  polite " and "  beautiful young man " who would drop into the CAGE office with treats to thank the group for helping him . Emwazi came to CAGE in 2009 looking for support when he felt that British authorities were -- in Qureshi 's words -- "  harassing " him . If Emwazi is indeed Jihadi John , Qureshi said , that makes him sad . But in some ways , he said , it 's not surprising . "  It 's hard to imagine the trajectory , but it 's not a trajectory that 's unfamiliar , " he said . Many Muslims feel alienated in their society , like Emwazi did , he said . "  When are we going to finally learn if we treat people as if they 're outsiders ... they will look for belonging elsewhere ? " Qureshi said . "  Our entire national security strategy for the last 13 years has only increased alienation . " The Washington Post 's report includes emails Emwazi purportedly wrote after British counterterrorism officials detained him and stopped him from flying to Kuwait . "  I had a job waiting for me and marriage to get started , " he wrote in a June 2010 email to Qureshi , the Post reported . But now "  I feel like a prisoner , only not in a cage , in London . A person imprisoned & controlled by security service men , stopping me from living my new life in my birthplace & country , Kuwait , " the email said . CAGE points the finger at British security services , who they say have "  systematically engaged in the harassment of young Muslims , rendering their lives impossible and leaving them with no legal avenue to redress their situation . " Haras Rafiq , managing director of the Quilliam Foundation , a UK-based counter-extremism think tank , said the advocacy group was pointing the finger in the wrong direction . It 's clear Emwazi had been radicalized before 2010 , he said . And , according to Rafiq , intelligence agencies who stopped Emwazi traveling to Tanzania believed there was evidence that he intended to join the extremist group Al-Shabaab in Somalia . Haras added that it was "  very upsetting that an organization like CAGE would spin this in the way that they 've done , " by blaming intelligence agencies . Former CIA counterterrorism analyst Philip Mudd told CNN that blaming radicalization on alienation was oversimplifying Emwazi 's story . "  We 're only seeing half of this story , " he said . "  The government does n't spend the resources and take the risk , the legal risk of pulling somebody aside , preventing them from traveling , searching through their luggage , just because somebody looks funny . There is something else going on here in terms of whatever triggered the government to undertake this investigation that we 're missing here . " The masked , black-clad figure believed to be Jihadi John appeared to be the ISIS militant shown in a video last month demanding a $ 200 million ransom to spare the lives of two Japanese journalists . A similar figure appeared in at least five previous hostage videos . U.S. and British officials have previously said they believed they knew who the man was , but were n't disclosing the information publicly . That could be because Western intelligence agencies believed they had more to gain from keeping quiet , Aki Peritz , a former CIA officer , told CNN last month . "  They can put pressure on his family , put pressure on his friends , " he told CNN . "  Maybe they have a line to him . Maybe they know who his cousins are who are going to Syria who can identify him . However , if you publicly tell everybody who he is , his real identity , then maybe he 'll go to ground and he 'll disappear . " The man 's reported background gives some clues as to why he might have been recruited , said Sajjan Gohel , director of international security at the Asia Pacific Foundation . "  We know that ISIS recruits a lot of Westerners who are skilled in new media , understanding of the Internet , because they use that as their platform as an oxygen of publicity , " he said . But by not revealing his name for operational reasons , one expert said , officials may have created another problem . "  It created more speculation in the media , " he said . "  In some ways , the nom de guerre of Jihadi John gave this individual a form of notorious celebrity . " Opinion : Why ` Jihadi John ' is so worrying CNN 's Evan Perez , Pamela Brown , Dana Bash and Alexander Felton and Damien Ward contributed to this report .	Officials : Militant known as Jihadi John is Mohammed Emwazi Advocacy group CAGE says it had contact with Emwazi London 's Metropolitan Police declines to confirm his reported identity
Washington  CNN  -- Secretary of State John Kerry got the money shot he wanted on Tuesday -- the chief negotiators for Israel and the Palestinians framed by his lanky embrace as they shook hands to launch "  sustained , continuous and substantive " talks on a long-sought Middle East peace treaty . Now the question is whether the negotiations expected to last nine months will bring an even more historic image , with President Barack Obama bringing together Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas to sign a final-status agreement that creates a sovereign Palestinian state in what is now part of Israel . The Middle East dispute , perhaps the world 's most intractable in the past six decades , entered a new phase with Kerry 's announcement that the first direct talks in three years would proceed in earnest in the next two weeks in either Israel or the Palestinian territories . Flanked by Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni and Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erakat , Kerry said "  all core issues " toward achieving a two-state solution would be on the table . "  Our objective will be to achieve a final status agreement over the course of the next nine months , " he said . Acknowledging the obstacles from years of hostility and mistrust , Kerry said the process would be difficult but that he believed an agreement could be achieved . "  When somebody tells you that Israelis and Palestinians can not find common ground or address the issues that divide them , do n't believe them , " Kerry said , adding : "  While I understand the skepticism , I do n't share it and I do n't think we have time for it . " Major obstacles that date back decades in the Middle East conflict include established Jewish settlements in territory claimed by the Palestinians , the status of Palestinian refugees seeking to return to the region , and control of Jerusalem , particularly its Muslim holy sites . Opinion : John Kerry 's bold push for peace Kerry has pushed to resume negotiations in order to stave off a showdown over the Israel-Palestinian question at the U.N. General Assembly in September . His efforts , including multiple meetings in the region with each side in recent months , sought to assure the Israelis that their security concerns would be addressed while convincing Palestinians that an agreement was in their best long-term interest . "  I think that everyone involved here believes that we can not pass along to another generation the responsibility of ending a conflict that is in our power to resolve in our time , " Kerry said . "  They should not be expected to bear that burden and we should not leave it to them . They should not be expected to bear the pain of continued conflict or perpetual war . " On Tuesday , President Barack Obama held a 30-minute meeting with the negotiators in which he "  underscored that while the parties have much work to do in the days and months ahead , the United States stands ready to support them in their efforts to achieve peace , " White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters . Both sides face opposition to the negotiations from their people , with hardliners calling the concept of negotiations an unacceptable climate of concession . In comments after Kerry 's announcement , Livni and Erakat expressed gratitude for his efforts to get the talks going . Erakat cited both Kerry and Obama "  for your relentless efforts and unwavering commitment to achieve a just and lasting peace between Palestinians and Israel . " "  Palestinians have suffered enough and no one benefits more from a lasting peace than Palestinians , " he said , expressing delight that all core issues were on the table . It was time for Palestinians to have a sovereign state , he added . Livni praised Kerry "  for not giving up , " adding that "  we are hopeful but we can not be naÃ ¯ ve . " "  We all know that it 's not going to be easy . It 's going to be hard , with ups and downs , " she said , calling for the new talks to be "  a spark of hope , even if small , to emerge out of cynicism and pessimism . " To help set up the revived talks , Netanyahu prodded the Israeli government into approving the release of 104 Palestinian prisoners -- a move that flies in the face of popular sentiment in Israel . Some observers called the prisoner release to be done in stages a possible sign of a new negotiating environment . Another sign of a different atmosphere was Kerry 's declaration that both sides agreed to negotiate in private . The United States will be a facilitator and a senior State Department official called it an "  indispensable role . " But the talks are direct negotiations between the two sides . "  The only announcement you will hear about meetings it 's the one that I just made , and I will be the only one by agreement authorized to comment publicly on the talks in consultation obviously with the parties . " he said . "  That means that no one should consider any reports , articles or even rumors reliable unless they come directly from me and I guarantee you they wo n't . " Aaron David Miller of the Woodrow Wilson International Center , a Middle East specialist , said such "  radio silence " was unprecedented for Middle East negotiations in his memory . "  It 's a mark of real seriousness on one hand and respect for Kerry on the other , " Miller told CNN . Amanpour : Barriers to Israel peace less now , says President Carter Opponents of the peace talks insist that divisions remain too deep to overcome . Dating back to the creation of Israel in 1947 , the Middle East conflict has spawned a tortuous peace process that yielded iconic images but no satisfactory solution . One of the most famous photos was the 1993 shot of President Bill Clinton looking on as Israeli Prime Minister Yitzak Rabin and Palestine Liberation Organization leader Yasser Arafat shook hands over an agreement intended to bring a full peace treaty by 1999 . Rabin was assassinated two years later later by a Jewish law student who said he wanted to halt the peace process . Livni referred to the failure of previous peace efforts in her comments Tuesday , saying "  it 's not our intention to argue about the past , but to create solutions and make decisions about the future . " The newest round of talks began Monday night with an Iftar dinner to break the fast in the Muslim holy month of Ramadan , then continued Tuesday morning with negotiators also meeting with Obama before joining Kerry for the announcement that took place an hour later than scheduled . Livni and attorney Isaac Molho , an aide to Netanyahu , represented Israel while Erakat and Fatah official Mohammad Shtayyeh spoke for the Palestinians . Former U.S. ambassador to Israel Martin Indyk also took part as the U.S. envoy to the talks . Opinion : Americans , stay open to both sides in Mideast talks CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Adam Aigner-Treworgy , Michael Schwartz and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : Kerry says he will be the only person authorized to provide information on the talks Secretary of State Kerry says the talks seek a final status agreement in nine months Israel agrees to release some Palestinian prisoners Obstacles include agreeing on the status of Jerusalem
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano apologized Thursday after some veterans groups were offended by a department report about right-wing extremism . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano apologized to offended veterans Thursday morning . The report said extremist groups may try to attract veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . It also said extremists also may use the recession and the election of the nation 's first African-American president to recruit members . The American Legion was among those who objected to the report 's mention of veterans . "  I think it is important for all of us to remember that Americans are not the enemy . The terrorists are , " the American Legion 's national commander , David K. Rehbein , said in a letter to Napolitano . Napolitano apologized on CNN on Thursday morning . "  I know that some veterans groups were offended by the fact that veterans were mentioned in this assessment , so I apologize for that offense . It was certainly not intended , " she told CNN 's "  American Morning . " She said the report was an assessment -- not an accusation -- and said she would meet with leaders of veterans groups next week . Watch Napolitano talk about Mexico , apology to veterans " She noted that the Veterans of Foreign Wars , which bills itself as the nation 's largest combat veterans group , defended the report . amFIX : Full Napolitano interview Glen M. Gardner Jr. , the national commander of the 2.2 million-member VFW , said the assessment "  should have been worded differently " but served a vital purpose . "  A government that does not assess internal and external security threats would be negligent of a critical public responsibility , " he said in a statement . The report mentioned numerous factors that could strengthen right-wing extremists , including anger over illegal immigration and the poor economy . Yet it was the section on veterans that caused controversy among conservative politicians and some veterans . It said "  the return of military veterans facing significant challenges reintegrating into their communities could lead to the potential emergence of terrorist groups or lone-wolf extremists capable of carrying out violent attacks . " It cited Timothy McVeigh , who returned from military service and went on to bomb the federal building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , in 1995 . "  Timothy McVeigh was only one of more than 42 million veterans who have worn this nation 's uniform during wartime , " wrote Rehbein , the American Legion commander . "  To continue to use McVeigh as an example of the stereotypical ` disgruntled military veteran ' is as unfair as using Osama bin Laden as the sole example of Islam . " The report , which was prepared in coordination with the FBI , was published last week . It was distributed to federal , state and local law enforcement officials . Mainstream media outlets picked up the story after it was reported by conservative bloggers . Watch how the report sparked objections " Though the nine-page report said it had "  no specific information that domestic right-wing terrorists are currently planning acts of violence , " it said real-estate foreclosures , unemployment and tight credit "  could create a fertile recruiting environment for right-wing extremists and even result in confrontations between such groups and government authorities similar to those in the past . " The report compared the current climate with that of the 1990s , saying a recession , criticism over outsourcing of jobs , and a perceived threat to U.S. power at that time fueled a "  resurgence " of right-wing extremism . However , it said , "  Despite similarities to the climate of the 1990s , the threat posed by lone wolves and small terrorist cells is more pronounced than in past years . " It warned that the groups may use proposed restrictions on firearms and the debate on immigration as recruiting tools , and said the groups may try to reach out to veterans returning from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh decried the report on Tuesday , saying , "  There is not one instance they can cite as evidence where any of these right-wing groups have done anything , " according to a transcript of his remarks on his Web site . "  You have a report from Janet Napolitano and Barack Obama , Department of Homeland Security , portraying standard , ordinary , everyday conservatives as posing a bigger threat to this country than al Qaeda terrorists or genuine enemies of this country like Kim Jong Il , " he said , referring to the leader of North Korea . Michael Savage , another conservative commentator , also criticized the report . "  What does Big Sis say these right-wingers are concerned about ? " he wrote on his Web site , referring to Napolitano . "  Illegal aliens , the increasing power of the federal government , gun grabs , abortion and the loss of U.S. national sovereignty . In other words , anyone who is worried about preserving our borders , language , and culture is on Big Sis ' watch list . " In a written statement Wednesday , Napolitano said the agency is on "  the lookout for criminal and terrorist activity but we do not -- nor will we ever -- monitor ideology or political beliefs . " She said she was "  briefed " on the general topic , which "  struck a nerve as someone personally involved in the Timothy McVeigh prosecution . " Napolitano said in her statement that she will tell Rehbein face-to-face that the Department of Homeland Security honors veterans and employs thousands of them , including Deputy Secretary Jane Holl Lute . The Obama administration in January issued a warning about left-wing extremists . Both reports were initiated during the administration of former President George W. Bush .	Janet Napolitano regrets line in report on extremist groups Report said returning veterans are ripe for recruiting by extremists American Legion objects to report ; VFW defends it Conservative radio hosts , bloggers had brought attention to report
El Cajon , California  CNN  -- Khalid Yohana was 7 years old when war reached his hometown of Mosul , Iraq . For years , even the simplest activities , like walking to school , were an ordeal . "  It was too scary to go outside much , " Yohana , now 16 , remembers . "  If you walk on the street ... you 're nervous you 'd get killed . " A group of men once tried to kidnap his father , a chef at a Baghdad restaurant that catered to Americans . The attempt failed , but a threatening letter arrived at his family 's home that same night . "  They warned us to get out of the country or they would kill us . ... I was really scared , " Yohana said . The family fled to a small village north , but when Yohana 's school was bombed a year later , they left Iraq for good . They traveled to Beirut , Lebanon , and applied for refugee status so they could move to the United States legally . In 2010 , Yohana and his family arrived in San Diego . The family appreciated the safety of their new home , but they also encountered new problems . Yohana 's father struggled to find work , and the entire family found it challenging to navigate a new country and culture . "  It was really hard because we  did n't  speak the language , " Yohana said . He was often so discouraged by his poor English that he would n't even try to do his homework . The social isolation was worse . "  It was really hard to find friends , " Yohana said . "  I was just sitting at home . " While working as a refugee case manager for a nonprofit , Mark Kabban saw many families like Yohana 's struggle to find their footing in the United States . "  You lose a lot of your dignity when you become a refugee , " Kabban said . "  You have to flee your country , depend on others . You lose your self-esteem . " Kabban said the transition can be particularly challenging for children , who face educational and social barriers . The stress they endure often puts them at risk of getting on the wrong track . "  Their families have sacrificed everything for them to get here . So if  their kids  do n't succeed , that 's the biggest tragedy , " said Kabban , 25 . "  It 's something that I 'm not going to allow . " To help support young refugees , Kabban started the YALLA program in 2009 . The name is an acronym for Youth And Leaders Living Actively , but in Arabic it simply means "  Let 's go . " YALLA provides free tutoring and soccer training to 200 boys and girls in the San Diego area . While soccer is what mostly motivates the players , it 's just a carrot to Kabban . Many of his players have missed years of formal schooling on their road to the United States , so the mandatory twice-a-week tutoring sessions are an integral part of the program . "  When they get here , they 're years behind , and they 're years behind in a different language , " Kabban said . "  So the need is just immense . We 're working to get them literate in English , getting them ... caught up . " The YALLA staff also makes sure the players are registered to receive 25 hours of one-on-one tutoring from a statewide program . When necessary , YALLA also provides additional tutoring to those who are struggling . The hope is to help everyone get up to grade level and on a path to college . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes According to the U.S. State Department , more than 10,000 refugees from around the world have moved to the San Diego area legally since 2007 , making it one of the largest refugee resettlement areas in the country . Many of those newcomers , like Yohana , are Iraqis who are under 18 . The vast majority live in El Cajon , a city in San Diego County where YALLA is based . Mark spreads the word about the group by visiting area schools . Most of the players in the program are Iraqi , but the group has players from across the Middle East , Africa and Asia . Sometimes ethnic and religious differences can lead to conflict , but Kabban says that as the soccer season progresses , the differences fall by the wayside . "  Their families have endured the same struggles , " Kabban said . "  When they realize that ... they become like brothers and sisters . " Some children have lost more than their homeland . Some have witnessed one of their parents being killed , or they 've been kidnapped and tortured themselves . Kabban , who helps run many of the practices , tries to keep the atmosphere serious but fun so that time on the field is a much-needed escape . "  Soccer is  the  best therapy , " Kabban said . "  They have an hour or two to forget about everything and just be kids . " Kabban cares deeply because he faced many of the challenges the refugees are experiencing . He was never officially a refugee , but his family left Beirut during Lebanon 's 15-year civil war , a conflict in which three members of his extended family were killed . Kabban 's family lived in several places -- including the United States , where his father attended college -- before permanently immigrating to the San Diego area when Kabban was 9 . For him , the social adjustment was particularly rough . "  I had all the wrong clothes on , and I got made fun of , " he said . "  They called me ` poor kid . ' My self-esteem was really , really low . " That changed when he discovered American football , scoring a touchdown the first time he got the ball . "  Sports was the way I got confident , made friends and felt I was like other kids , " he said . He went on to earn a football scholarship at Baker University , a small private school in Kansas where he studied foreign relations . After graduating in 2008 , Kabban planned to go to Egypt to get a graduate degree in refugee studies . But on a visit home that summer , he learned about the large influx of refugees that San Diego had experienced in recent years . "  I started thinking to myself , ` Why am I going halfway across the world to learn about refugees when they 're all here in my own hometown ? ' " he said . Instead of going to graduate school , Kabban got a job with Catholic Charities , helping refugees settle into their new lives . He was troubled to see so many children sitting at home , alienated , but he also noticed how they lit up when they saw a soccer ball . One day , he brought a ball with him while making a home visit . As he approached the apartment complex , he heard a boy yell the Arabic word for ball . Kabban began kicking it around with him , and within minutes , 20 kids had joined the game . That moment gave Kabban the inspiration for YALLA 's approach . Although the organization is relatively new , YALLA has managed to get funding from local foundations and businesses . Everything -- tutoring , soccer and occasional field trips -- is provided at no cost , something the kids appreciate , as nearly all of them know that money is tight at home . Kabban has also made it a priority to reach out to those who are n't refugees . When refugees started arriving in the area , there was tension in schools between them , Latinos and African-Americans . To counteract this , Kabban started the Peacebuilders League , a soccer league open to everyone in the area . "  We wanted to bring them all together and start making a community , " he said . "  Now it looks like the World Cup here every Sunday . " Ultimately , Kabban hopes to build a "  peace-building " charter school for refugees , immigrants and marginalized youth that would use soccer in a formal college prep program . Kabban 's commitment to the organization is so strong that for more than a year he has worked full-time without a salary , living off his savings . The kids at YALLA know he quit his job for them , and they 're quick to acknowledge the huge difference he has made in their lives . "  I do n't know the way  to  say thank you to Coach Mark , " Yohana said . "  They helped me to find friends , and they  taught  me how to speak English . ... Now , with YALLA and Coach Mark , it 's a fun life . " Stories like that are what push Kabban to keep going . "  This country gave my family the chance to succeed , " he said . "  I want to help these kids do the same thing . " Want to get involved ? Check out the YALLA website at www.yallasd.com and see how to help .	Adapting to a new country can be difficult , stressful for child refugees A program in California is offering free tutoring and social support through soccer Founder Mark Kabban says sports can build confidence , new friendships Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2012 CNN Heroes
Hollywood is in full awards season mode . This past weekend , the Producer 's Guild granted its first tie for its best picture award , bestowing the honor on "  Gravity " and "  12 Years a Slave . " This weekend , the Director 's Guild will hand out its awards , for which "  12 Years a Slave " director Steve McQueen is a strong favorite . If McQueen takes home the Oscar at next month 's Academy Awards , he will be the first black director to receive that honor -- ever . Which is a pathetic reflection of the far deeper and more enduring inequalities in American society today . It was n't until 1991 , the 64th presentation of the Academy Awards , that a black director was even nominated : John Singleton for "  Boyz in the Hood . " Only one black director has been nominated since : Lee Daniels in 2009 for "  Precious . " Meanwhile , excluding Steve McQueen this year , only four black men have been nominated as producers for best picture : Quincy Jones for "  The Color Purple " in 1985 , Lee Daniels for "  Precious , " Broderick Johnson for "  The Blind Side " in 2009 , and Reginald Hudlin for "  Django Unchained " in 2012 . That 's it . None won . And no black women have ever been nominated as either directors or producers . The record is n't much better for white women , incidentally . Before Kathryn Bigelow , who became the first woman to win the Oscar for best director -- in 2010 for "  The Hurt Locker " -- only three women had ever been nominated : Lina Wertmüller for "  Seven Beauties " in 1976 , Jane Campion for "  The Piano " in 1993 and Sofia Coppola for "  Lost In Translation " in 2003 . And the bigger box office films , including many nominated for Academy Awards , tend not to include female producers . One might be forgiven for thinking the 86th annual Academy Awards are taking place in 1886 . As far as we 've supposedly come as a society -- a black president , more women in the workplace , the important legislative and cultural accomplishments of the civil rights movement and the women 's movement -- that 's all ? Three black directors , four white female directors and a handful of executive producers between them ? Seriously ? These discouraging patterns in the Oscar nominations and awards are a reminder that social progress can be disturbingly superficial . Just like the world around us , our movie screens appear to be increasingly more diverse . Incredibly talented actors of color are at times portraying profound roles in plots that relate to the struggle for racial justice in America , usually through the lens of our past -- from "  Driving Miss Daisy " to "  Django Unchained " -- rather than an uncomfortable and critical look at our present . Yet Hollywood fails to regularly create , let alone celebrate , any near-significant number of critically and commercially successful films created by black directors and producers with as much power and pull in Hollywood as their white counterparts . When Chris Rock hosted the Oscars in 2005 , he took a camera crew to a movie theater in Harlem in New York and asked audience members if they 'd heard of that year 's Academy Award-nominated films . They had n't . Rock simply and powerfully illustrated the profound disconnect between black America and the Hollywood elite . Rock was not invited to host the Oscars again . These observations no doubt lead to chicken-vs . - egg debates . After all , plenty of financially successful films each year are produced and directed by black men and women -- though mostly men . So is it that these movies do n't make it into the critical pantheon of the Academy Awards ? Or black producers and directors do n't have the same opportunities to create films in the more elite genres ? Does the reason even matter or just the result ? By the same token , does Hollywood exclude women and people of color in powerful director and producer roles more than other facets of American business and society ? Probably not , but who cares ? That does n't make the critique any less worth leveling . In 1939 , Hattie McDaniel became the first African-American to win an Academy Award , for her role in "  Gone With The Wind . " In 1968 , Sidney Poitier became one of the first African-American actors to achieve major box office success in a leading role , with a string of hits that year , including "  Guess Who 's Coming To Dinner . " But both black actors , and most since , have been fictionally and literally in white men 's houses ; white men still very much disproportionately occupy the real seats of power in Hollywood and beyond . Kudos to Steve McQueen for challenging this tired script . I hope his truly excellent film wins both best picture and best director . But more important , here 's hoping the behind-the-scenes levers of power in Hollywood start reflecting more inclusive plot lines appropriate for 21st century America .	Sally Kohn : If Steve McQueen wins , he will be the first black director to get an Oscar Kohn : No black women , only two other black men have been nominated for best director Kohn : Only four white women nominated for director : As far as we 've come , this is pathetic Kohn : Movies show racial struggles of the past but neglect to take a look at the present
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- It is a very different year - and very different mood -- as Democrats gather for their convention . But there is one carryover from 2008 : To win the White House , Barack Obama will once again have to make history . Four years ago , it was a groundbreaking victory for the first African-American to win the presidency . Now , to win four more years , it is a less glamorous but still significant barrier in his way : only Franklin Roosevelt was re-elected with unemployment this high . But while the historic statistical models would suggest defeat looms in November , the president arrives in Charlotte with several key advantages in the race , and with an easier path to 270 Electoral College votes and victory than his Republican rival . Among the advantages : • Incumbency : Yes there are downsides to this , but the stage and powers of the presidency are on the whole an advantage , especially in a close , competitive race . • More room for error : Mitt Romney needs to win Florida and Ohio , and at least two of these three -- Virginia , North Carolina and Wisconsin -- to have a realistic shot at 270 . Obama , on the other hand , enters his convention with several paths to cobble 270 together . Zelizer : What Democrats need to do in Charlotte • Demographics : As long as the GOP has a crisis with Latino voters , there is a built-in Democratic edge in several key states . New Mexico , not long ago a presidential swing state , is barely mentioned as a potential GOP target . And Nevada is a competitive tossup despite the highest unemployment rate among the states and a punishing housing crisis . Yet the challenges are obvious . While his path to 270 has more room for error , it is very different from the lopsided Democratic advantage in 2008 . Then-Sen . Obama won three states that had n't voted Democratic for president in more than a generation -- Indiana , North Carolina and Virginia . His campaign already concedes Indiana is an almost-certain red state this year , and North Carolina and Virginia are tossups . So are Wisconsin , Iowa , Nevada and Colorado -- all states where the president 's margin was fairly comfortable four years ago . Poll : Romney 47 % , Obama 43 % in North Carolina The economy is of course the driving force behind the very different 2012 map and mood . The unemployment rate in February 2009 -- Obama 's first full month is office -- was 8.3 % . Last month , it was 8.3 % . To the Romney campaign , that is proof the president 's economic policies have failed . The Obama team , in turn , notes that unemployment hit 10 % in October 2009 , and argues that the president 's policies are , albeit slowly , helping pull the economy out of a deep recession he inherited . Obama says fatherhood trumps schmoozing In any event , the jobless numbers and other economic data make it all but impossible for the president to make the case Americans are better off today than they were four years ago . So his convention priority is to make the case that his approach is the better , fairer path to sustained recovery . The primary target : independents and conservative Democrats in battleground states . "  The thing I most love about them is how they discovered the middle class at their convention , " Vice President Joe Biden mockingly told a crowd Sunday in Green Bay , Wisconsin -- pushing the fairness argument . "  Was n't that amazing ? All of a sudden their heart was bleeding for the middle class . " Where have all the protesters gone ? Just as critical , if not more so , is the Obama tactical imperative of using the convention to re-energize his 2008 base . "  Do n't boo - vote , " was the president 's weekend appeal to a Colorado college audience , and it is a snapshot of the 2012 nuts-and-bolts approach of a campaign team that understands it can not rely on the dynamics that motivated 2008 Obama voters . To be sure , he continues to enjoy a huge edge among African-Americans , Latinos and younger voters . But if Romney can make even marginal gains among those groups , or turnout dips even slightly , or both , it could make the difference in several key battlegrounds . The convention state of North Carolina is a test case of Obama 2012 vs. Obama 2008 in the ground game . Also noteworthy in Charlotte , though likely somewhat less obvious than it was in Tampa , will be the 2016 factor . Joe and Jill Biden have busy Charlotte schedules , and the vice president of course has a coveted speaking slot . Biden is 69 , meaning he would be 73 at the 2016 convention , but he has not ruled out a third try for his party 's presidential nomination . Ryan set to campaign on ` are you better off ' question Hillary Clinton will have no Charlotte role -- inappropriate , she says , for a secretary of state . But as much as she says she is done with politics when this first Obama term ends , the convention has no shortage of Clinton loyalists , including her husband , the former president . From there , as in Tampa , the focus will be on ambitious next-generation prospects , among them Govs. Martin O'Malley of Maryland , Deval Patrick of Massachusetts and , for the first time in years , perhaps a Cuomo -- New York 's governor , Andrew . To look at a map searching for Democrats of the future though , is to be reminded of a painful truth for the party gathering in Charlotte : President Obama is their undisputed leader , but the Obama presidency has been a time of deep Democratic decline . When Obama took office Democrats held : • 56 Senate seats . It is 51 now  plus two independents who align mostly with the Democrats  . • 257 seats in the House of Representatives . It is 190 now  there are also three vacancies for seats last held by Democrats  . • 29 of the 50 governorships . It is 20 now . • 4,073 state legislative seats . It is 3,319 now .	No incumbent has ever been re-elected with unemployment this high Among Obama 's advantages : incumbency , more room for error , demographics Independents and conservative Democrats in battleground states are key targets Economic data make it hard to make case that Americans are better off than four years ago
CNN  -- Hollywood 's newest slate of projects is being sourced directly from '80s cartoons . The "  Care Bears " are making a return over on Netflix , "  Jem " is being turned into a live-action movie , and now Rainbow Brite , the spunky animated savior of all things colorful , is making her own comeback . The on-demand subscription service Feeln has revived the memorable cartoon , which was created by Hallmark in 1983 and spawned a TV series , a movie and of course millions of dollars worth of merchandise . "  The most colorful hero ever returns to protect Rainbowland from the forces of darkness , " Feeln proclaimed . Feeln 's return to Rainbowland will star actress Emily Osment  "  Young & Hungry "  as Rainbow Brite and '80s screen star Molly Ringwald as the villain , the Dark Princess . Osment , who had n't been born when "  Rainbow Brite " was introduced , said in a statement that she 's looking forward "  to connecting with the audience , old and new . " "  Being cast as the voice of Rainbow Brite for the relaunch of this iconic show is truly an honor , " added the actress , who 's shared a photo of one of her scripts on Instagram . Brace yourselves if you have very dear memories of Rainbow Brite : She 's looking different these days but still is fighting her colorful cause . And at least she still has Starlite  who has apparently been working out  . Feeln 's limited-run take on "  Rainbow Brite " will launch November 6 .	Rainbow Brite is the latest '80s cartoon to make a comeback The animated heroine will star in a new series on Feeln The subscription service caters to a family-friendly demographic
CNN  -- In his first address since returning to Pakistan from self-exile , former President Pervez Musharraf declared his intention to run for office , saying he defied risks to "  save " the country . Musharraf landed in Karachi on Sunday after more than four years in exile . He faces criminal charges , and the Taliban have vowed to unleash a "  death squad " to assassinate him . However , he said , he does not plan to flee again . "  I have put my life in danger and have come to Pakistan -- to you to be the savior of this country , " he said at the airport . "  I have come to save Pakistan . " He chided people who had doubted that he would return . "  There were rumors that I would not come -- where are those people now ? " he asked . "  I am here . I have returned . " At the airport , crowds danced , waved the nation 's green flag and chanted Musharraf 's name . Some people carried giant posters , plastered with his face . "  Inshallah  God willing  we will be successful if I have your support , " he said . After his statement , he was whisked away to an undisclosed location for safety reasons . Police hovered nearby , guns slung from their shoulders . Complicated return Musharraf resigned as president of the south Asian nation five years ago and went into exile in London and Dubai . He hopes to reassert his influence and lead his party in May elections . His return comes with complications . Government officials have said he would be arrested as soon as he sets foot in the nation while the Pakistani Taliban have vowed to assassinate him . However , his party says it has taken pre-emptive measures to ward off a potential arrest . "  Musharraf has been granted bail in advance of his arrival to Pakistan . We have made sure that he is not arrested and his return home will be smooth , " said Jawed Siddiqui , a member of the former president 's party , All Pakistan Muslim League . His lawyers paid an unknown amount of bail , which means Musharraf will not be arrested for at least 15 days , but must appear in court . Fear of the unknown Musharraf 's return home comes with a lot of uncertainties . As he boarded a flight from Dubai International Airport , Musharraf said he was not nervous , but was concerned about the unknown . His wife , Sehba , had a different answer when asked if she was worried . "  Who would n't be ? " she said . Last year , he scuttled plans to return home after the military warned him not to . "  There were indications that they did n't want me to come , and my own colleagues told me not to come , " Musharraf said . "  Therefore , I changed my mind . " This time , he said , he will be protected by government security and his private security agents . Musharraf landed in Karachi on a commercial airline . He said in a statement he would be accompanied by 200 expatriates from the United States , Canada , the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates . Arrest over Bhutto 's killing In 1999 , Musharraf , then chief of Pakistan 's army , became its president in a bloodless military coup . He remained in power until resigning five years ago , a period that included the U.S.-led invasion of neighboring Afghanistan . A few months before he left office , Benazir Bhutto -- who was Pakistan 's first elected female prime minister -- was killed in a suicide bomb attack as she was wrapping up a campaign rally in Rawalpindi . The attack came months after she survived an assassination attempt in Karachi . Authorities want Musharraf arrested for not doing enough to protect Bhutto 's life despite numerous threats . The former military ruler has denied having anything to do with the killing . A jail cell awaits Last year , Pakistani authorities confiscated his property and froze his bank account . They have accused him of not declaring foreign bank accounts he had in his name . The Sindh province Home Ministry said last year that a jail cell awaited him in Karachi upon his return , . In Pakistan , the provincial Home Ministry , not the federal government , is responsible for such arrests . Musharraf defended his record last year , and said he did much to improve the nation 's economy while he was in office . However , he has admitted to making mistakes . Disillusioned Pakistanis Musharraf 's popularity began declining in 2007 after he suspended the nation 's Supreme Court chief justice for "  misuse of authority . " The move resulted in protests and accusations that he was attempting to influence the court 's ruling on whether he could seek another five-year term . Although the chief justice was reinstated , the damage was done . Pakistanis were also disillusioned with Musharraf 's policies that led to shortages of essential food items , power cuts and skyrocketing inflation . However , under his leadership , Pakistan attained respectable economic growth rates and established a generally favorable investment climate . Along with that came a growing middle class , more aggressive news media , and a more assertive judiciary . ` Death squad ' threat Pakistan also disapproved of the way Musharraf carried out his end of the "  war on terror " and used it as a crutch to explain away many of his unpopular moves . After the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks against the United States , Musharraf supported the American war on terror and targeted the Taliban . The militants have accused him of pushing an American agenda in Pakistan . An opportune time Musharraf 's return comes at an opportune time . Last week , Pakistan marked the first time a democratically elected government has served a full five-year term in the country 's 65-year history . While the ruling Pakistan People Party rode to power on the back of discontent with Musharraf , it had to deal with the same problems that plagued Musharraf : food shortages and power cuts . Five years is often enough time for a populace to forgive and forget . On Sunday , election officials named former chief justice Mir Hazar Khan Khoso as interim prime minister . He will head the caretaker administration through the May elections . It remains to be seen whether Pakistan , now soured by the PPP 's reign , will welcome Musharraf back with open arms . Explosives-packed water tanker targets Pakistani military checkpoint ; 17 killed CNN 's Leone Lakhani contributed to this report from Karachi	NEW : Musharraf vows to remain in Pakistan He plans to lead his party in elections He 's been in self-imposed exile since resigning as president in 2008 Pakistani authorities have vowed to arrest him on return ; Taliban threaten to kill him
CNN  -- FBI K-9 dogs hit on items around the southern Arizona home of a missing 6-year-old girl on Monday , prompting authorities to take over the house , a police chief said . Tucson Police Chief Roberto Villasenor said Monday night that the "  specialized K-9s  were  flown in " to help in the case of young Isabel Mercedes Celis , who was reported missing on Saturday morning . The dogs "  did alert on some things that caused us to go back " to the house , said the chief . While they 've described her disappearance as suspicious , local authorities have not identified any suspects in Isabel 's case nor have they indicated what they believe may have happened to her . They have launched an extensive search in a 3-mile radius of the girl 's home , where she lives with her parents and two older brothers , as well as contacted all registered sex offenders living nearby . Villasenor said on Monday morning that authorities had combed through the area "  at least three times now , " with neighbor Cynthia Mort vouching that they 'd "  searched inside and outside every home in the neighborhood . " The girl 's small stature -- at 3 feet , 8 inches tall and weighing 44 pounds -- makes it critical to leave no stone unturned , given that she may be in any number of places . "  We ... are checking every corner , every nook and cranny that could possibly hold a child , " Tucson police Sgt. Maria Hawke told CNN 's sister network HLN on Monday . Isabel was last seen by family members when she went to bed at 11 p.m. Friday . When her father went to wake her at 8 a.m. Saturday -- a half-hour after her mother had gone to work -- he said the girl was nowhere to be found , according to police . A screen was found removed from one of the house 's windows . Hawke said the missing screen "  could be suspicious " and indicate someone broke through the window to get into the residence or get out , though she stressed "  there 's nothing conclusive at this point . " Villasenor did not specify what the FBI K-9 dogs hit on , or the possible significance . He did say that , because of their reaction , authorities sought and obtained a search warrant to occupy the house . He said they asked for a warrant "  just to make sure everything is done correctly , " not because the family at the center of the case is n't cooperating . Hawke said the family left voluntarily . "  We have asked the family if they would be willing to leave so that we can avoid any potential evidence contamination , ...  and  they have agreed to do so , " the police sergeant said . One street away from one of Tucson 's busiest thoroughfares , the Celis ' home is in a neighborhood of largely middle-class , single-family residences . A fence and wall surround the yard of the house . Mort described Isabel 's family as "  wonderful , caring people . " "  They are always helping , you always see them together , " said Mort , who has lived next door to Isabel 's grandparents for the past 25 years . "  They are very , very loving . I could n't imagine anyone in this family doing anything to anyone . " She added that Isabel 's disappearance has rocked the community , leaving "  everybody ... totally distraught . " "  We 're just afraid to let our children out , " Mort told HLN . "  We 're terrorized . "	Isabel Mercedes Celis , 6 , was reported missing Saturday in Tucson , Arizona Police call her disappearance suspicious , but no suspects have been named FBI K-9 dogs raise alarm , leading police to get a warrant to occupy the girl 's house A neighbor says community members are "  totally distraught " and "  terrorized "
CNN  -- Escaped Michigan convict Michael David Elliot was captured Monday in LaPorte County , Indiana , authorities said . His capture ended a manhunt that kicked into overdrive after a woman abducted by Elliot managed to call 911 . Locked in a gas station bathroom , she whispers into her cell phone , as he banged on the door . "  He did n't say where , exactly , he just said somewhere far , " she says in the 911 call , telling the dispatcher about the escaped convict she says had abducted her some two hours before with a box cutter and a hammer . She slipped away from him when they stopped for gas . "  He 's knocking on the bathroom door saying , ` Let 's go ! ' " the 911 dispatcher says to other emergency workers in recordings released by authorities . The Sunday night call from an Elkhart , Indiana , gas station had been the first sign of Elliot , a convicted murderer , since his escape hours before from Ionia Correctional Facility in central Michigan . On Monday , a homeowner in LaGrange County , Indiana , found the woman 's Jeep Liberty in a residential area of the town of Shipshewana , about 20 miles east of Elkhart , sheriff 's spokesman Arron Knisley said . Elliot himself remained missing then , however . Details on how he was caught were not immediately available . CNN first learned about his capture on Twitter . Prison authorities discovered Elliot gone about 9:30 p.m. Sunday . He apparently pulled back the bottoms of two fences and crawled underneath to escape , Michigan Department of Corrections spokesman Russell L. Marlan said . He was serving five life sentences on a 1994 conviction for killing four people , according to Michigan Department of Corrections records . Authorities warned the public not to mess with him . The kidnapped woman , whose name has not been released by authorities , told a 911 dispatcher from her bathroom stronghold that Elliot forced his way into her red Jeep Liberty as she sat parked on West Main Street in Ionia . He was an escaped convict , he told her . Murder , she said . And he had a box cutter and a hammer . But , she said , he had n't hurt her . "  He just wants to get someplace far from Ionia , " she told the dispatcher . Unfortunately for police , by the time they arrived at the Marathon gas station , Elliot had fled in the woman 's Jeep . He was seen getting on Interstate 80/90 , but authorities do n't know which direction he was traveling or where he was heading . The interstate connects Elkhart with Chicago to the west and Toledo , Ohio , to the east . Elliot was known as a good prisoner , according to Corrections Director Daniel Heyens . "  Nothing in this man 's history would have indicated a high risk of escape , " Heyens said . "  He was serving his time . " Prison authorities believe he acted alone , Heyens said . According to court documents , Elliot was convicted in the August 1993 murders of Vickie Currie ; her boyfriend , Michael Tufnell ; his brother Bruce Tufnell ; and Kathy Lane , CNN affiliate WXMI reported . Elliot and three others hatched a plan to steal drug money , WXMI said , and after they did n't find the money , Elliot and another man killed the four victims and set Michael Tufnell 's house on fire . CNN 's George Howell , Rick Martin , Holly Yan and Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Michael David Elliot was captured in LaPorte County , Indiana Woman says Elliot told her he was an escaped convict "  He just wants to get someplace far , " she tells dispatchers Elliot , 40 , was serving five life sentences for four murders
CNN  -- I 'm in a room built for laughter and I 'm fighting the urge to faint . Or vomit . Or at least dab at the beads of sweat forming on my upper lip . If you 're not great with small spaces , then an anechoic chamber probably is n't an ideal place to conduct an interview . Barely large enough to fit two chairs , with every surface covered in foam wedges and a TV bolted to the wall , the sound-proof bunker has the unnerving appearance of an apocalyptic Big Brother Diary Room . It 's the type of place where nobody could hear you scream -- and that 's exactly the point . This echo-free room is where University College London scientist Sophie Scott has been recording laughter , in an effort to find out what makes us giggle and why . "  I do n't like coming in here , it makes my head feel thick , like I 've got a load of blankets dropped on me , " said the 46-year-old professor of cognitive neuroscience , as we sit down to talk about her work . "  This is where we record a lot of our emotional stimuli . We try to make people laugh in here , which is something of a challenge . We 've also made people cry in here , so that was a day in the park -- crying in an anechoic chamber , the perfect storm , " says Scott before adding her own cheerful chuckle , her large cartoon moon earrings jangling in agreement . Laugh out loud How do you send someone into stitches , in such an uncomfortable environment ? YouTube clips help -- that 's where the TV comes in . But the best trick is being with friends . In fact , we 're 30 times more likely to laugh when we 're with other people , according to Scott . As part of their experiments , Scott and her team recorded two types of laughter in the anechoic chamber -- real , uncontrollable whooping , and posed , deliberate , chuckling . They then played the recordings to over 1,000 people while scanning their brains with fMRI . "  When people heard the posed laughter , there was more activation in brain areas associated with ` mentalizing ' tasks -- ie . trying to work out what someone else is thinking , " said Scott . "  Real laughter was much less ambiguous than posed laughter -- if someone is really laughing hard , it 's easy to understand what they are doing . " They also found men and women processed laughter in much the same way . "  We have a myth that women and men use communication very differently -- that men are n't emotional and women are somewhat too emotional , " said Scott . "  It 's not the case . " Standup scientist Scott is a woman of infectious merriment . Her conversation is sprinkled with warm chortles , and even the message alert on her phone is a cackle . As a child growing up in Lancashire in the north west of England , she was surrounded by parents who were "  big laughers , " and recalls them singing silly songs to the point of hysterics . Unsurprising then , that the mother-of-one calls herself a "  standup scientist , " performing with the university 's Bright Club -- a group of researchers using comedy to deliver their message on stage "  It was one of the most terrifying things I 've ever done , but I 've completely got the bug for it now , because it 's such an interesting way to approach your work , " said Scott . Ada Lovelace This week Scott will again be taking to the stage to help mark Ada Lovelace Day , in honor of the 19th century female mathematician , often credited as the world 's first computer programmer . Scott will be one of many prominent female scientists , engineers , and technologists talking about their work at Imperial College London . "  It 's still a case that on the whole , the stereotype of the scientist is the gray beard , white coat man in a laboratory -- and of course , that 's not true , " said Scott . "  One of the important things to remember about women in science is actually , there 's loads of them . It 's just that we lose them , we do n't value them as much , we do n't think they count in the same way . " Indeed , Yale researchers have found potential employers still view young male scientists more favorably than their female counterparts . Universal language For Scott , laughter is more than displaying amusement -- it 's a primal way of showing people that we like them and want them to like us . "  Laughter is the only positive emotion we found to be cross-culturally recognized . It does n't matter where you are in the world , it 's a sound that people recognize , " she said . "  Interestingly enough , it 's not constrained to humans . Chimpanzees laugh , orangutangs laugh , even rats laugh . " Scott pointed to studies done by U.S. scientist Jaak Panksepp , who found that rats made the same high-pitched "  laughing " sound when they were playing , as when they were being tickled . Such is the bonding power of laughter that it can even help make or break a relationship , as Scott explains : "  Some of the things scientists are finding is couples who manage stressful situations with positive affect -- laughter -- are the people who stay together longer . " "  Comedian Victor Borge said ` laughter is the shortest distance between two people . ' I think what Borge was getting at was the intimacy of laughter . It 's an expression of closeness . "	Meet Sophie Scott , the "  standup scientist " uncovering what makes us laugh Discovered brain reacts differently to real and posed laughter Speaker at Ada Lovelace Day , female scientist believed to be first computer programmer Laughter not confined to humans -- chimpanzees , orangutangs , and even rats laugh
CNN  -- In D-Town on business and looking for the best places to eat , drink , sleep and squeeze in a bit of play ? This mini-guide highlights the best of the best . Tackle them all and they might just make you an honorary Texan . Fastest , most comfortable airport transport Whether you 're headed uptown or downtown , Premier Transportation gets you there in style . The city 's largest car service , it handles an average of 250 airport drop-offs and pick-ups a day . Its fleet of 70-plus late-model sedans , vans and more is always stocked with a newspaper , bottled water and a professional driver . Premier has its own smartphone app , which not only lets you make and manage reservations , but also texts you a few minutes prior to your pick-up time with a picture of your driver , the vehicle 's license plate , and the car 's GPS coordinates so you can see in real time exactly how far away it is . Premier Transportation , +1 214 351 7000 Rooms with views One of the hippest hotels in town is The Joule , located in a landmark 1920s building refashioned by award-winning designer Adam D. Tihany . The hotel opened six years ago , but it 's already undergone a $ 78 million expansion that 's helping breathe new life into the central business district . The view from the rooftop pool -- part of which hangs out over the street below -- is grand , but the telescope in Room 2001 allows guests a picture-perfect perspective as well . The gift shop , TENOVERSIX , is a great place to pick up a gift for loved ones back home . Elsewhere , a Lone Star state-size makeover has reinvigorated the W Dallas-Victory , infusing it with cowboy chic decor and amenities like gadget docking stations and rainforest showers . Its 33 stories overlook the American Airlines Center and other Victory Park hotspots , which can best be seen from the six Cool Corner rooms , the five Wow Terrace Suites and the Extreme Wow Suite  which even has a foosball table  . On the burgeoning South Side , the NYLO Dallas South Side is set in a former Sears warehouse dating to 1911 . All guestrooms feature artistic details like exposed brick walls , high ceilings and concrete floors . For unobstructed views of the Dallas skyline , from the Trinity River to the Texas Star Ferris wheel , you should ask for a Deluxe Double Queen on the north side of the hotel , or any of the 12 suites , particularly the top-floor Lifestyle Suite . The Joule , 1530 Main St. ; +1 214 748 1300 ; from $ 299 per night W Dallas-Victory , 2440 Victory Park Lane ; +1 214 397 4100 ; from $ 288 per night NYLO Dallas South Side , 1325 S. Lamar St. ; +1 214 421 1080 ; from $ 140 per night Best meals When thinking of fine dining in Dallas , it 's impossible not to think of Abacus . Helmed by four-time James Beard nominee and "  Iron Chef America " winner Kent Rathbun , the five-star dining room showcases a melding of Southwestern , Mediterranean and other cuisines in meticulously prepared dishes that are difficult to choose between . A "  hands-down " favorite , says Rathbun , is the Comanche Buffalo Tenderloin . "  People eat it and say to me , ` I 'll never eat beef tenderloin again . ' They absolutely love it . We also use a lot of Texas quail , which is so plump and delicious and does n't taste gamey at all . " Of course , you ca n't go to Texas without scarfin ' some barbecue . One of the top places in town to get your fill is Pecan Lodge , which got its start as a modest stand at the Dallas Farmers Market but has since grown so popular it recently moved to a much larger space in Deep Ellum . Co-owner Justin Fourton recommends bringing friends along and ordering the Trough -- a gut-busting smoked-meat sampler that serves four to five people . Other favorites are the fried chicken  a recipe from Fourton 's wife 's grandmother  and the Hot Mess , which he describes as a "  giant sweet potato stuffed with barbacoa , chipotle cream , cheese , green onions and crumbled bacon . " Abacus , 4511 McKinney Ave. ; +1 214 559 3111 Pecan Lodge , Deep Ellum , 2702 Main St. ; +1 214 748 8900 Unique clothes Dallas is to shopping what Vegas is to gambling . The mecca of merchandise is definitely the flagship Neiman Marcus store , which opened in downtown Dallas more than 100 years ago . Neiman 's famed personal shoppers are on hand to help you sift through the nine stories ' worth of stuff in search of that perfect purse or pocket square to fill out your closet . Highland Park Village is another must-stop spot for savvy shoppers . The quaint , tree-lined complex has been catering to well-heeled consumers since 1931 and has more than 60 boutiques -- from Anthropologie to Alexander McQueen . It also has personal shoppers who can help harried travelers in need a quick wardrobe fix  airline lost your luggage ?  and even has on-site tailoring . Neiman Marcus ; 1618 Main St. , +1 214 741 6911 Highland Park Village , 47 Highland Park Village , +1 214 443 9898 Best photo ops Want to nab a "  Like " - worthy Dallas pic that will make your Instagram followers -- and your boss who sent you there in the first place -- wish they 'd come along on the trip ? The newly opened pedestrian-only Continental Avenue Bridge offers a panoramic view across the Trinity River , past the spectacular Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge , and into downtown , with its stunning skyline . Another great place to focus your lens is White Rock Lake . Less than 15 minutes from downtown , this pretty reservoir , with nine miles of paved trails , is popular among runners , bikers , sailors and the like , and the sunsets here are perfect . Plus it 's proof positive to naysayers that there 's more to Dallas than skyscrapers and malls . Dallas Continental Bridge , 109 Continental Ave. ; +1 214 671 9500 White Rock Lake , +1 214 670 8740 Where to experience the heart of the city Dallas is n't exactly known as a walking city , but there 's at least one area where a leisurely stroll will deliver you to a host of delicious dining options , exciting galleries and museums , indoor and outdoor music venues , family-friendly play areas and more . Spanning 19 contiguous blocks , the Dallas Arts District is the largest urban art district in the country . Here you 'll find everything from the Nasher Sculpture Center , housing one of the most prominent collections of 20th-century contemporary sculptures in the world , to the Perot Museum of Nature and Science , with 180,000 square feet of interactive exhibits . Dallas Arts District , between Woodall Rogers Freeway and Ross Avenue ; +1 214 744 6642 Buying souvenirs Want to avoid making that cheesy , last-ditch airport purchase of a T-shirt or snow globe to signify your stay ? The Gypsy Wagon is an adorable Henderson Avenue shop full of clothing , accessories and housewares with a Southern twist . The quirky inventory includes everything from Mason jar shot glasses to gold necklaces in the shape of Texas . The Pony Booties  $ 228  draw raves for their fashionable twist on the traditional cowboy boot . Inside the Omni Dallas Hotel , The Collections gift shop stocks items by Dallas artisans , including scented candles and bath salts , sterling silver tableware , original artworks and custom-made bicycles . The pewter salt and pepper shakers  $ 165  in the shape of longhorn steers are a fun keepsake . The Gypsy Wagon , 2928 N. Henderson Ave. ; +1 214 370 8010 Omni Dallas Hotel , 555 S. Lamar St. ; +1 214 744 6664 Former longtime Dallas resident Jill Becker is a travel writer now based in the Atlanta area .	The rooftop pool at The Joule juts out over the street below The NYLO Dallas South Side hotel is set in a former Sears warehouse dating to 1911 White Rock Lake has nine miles of paved trails for joggers and bikers Dallas ' art district , spanning several blocks , is the largest art district in the United States
CNN  A family trip to a Nebraska zoo turned terrifying for one family after the gorilla they were looking at leaped toward the exhibit window , cracking it . Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his Reddit page . It has already been viewed more than 1 million times . Cave said when his family first arrived at Omaha 's Henry Doorly Zoo gorilla exhibit , he noticed one of the gorillas had a cut below his eye that was "  bleeding a little bit . " He said he overheard a couple of zookeepers say the gorillas had been fighting with one another . Then the gorilla -- named Kijoto -- charged toward the window and smacked into it , he said . The leap sent the family and other patrons running , but Cave said when he looked back , "  it was n't as bad as we thought it was . " Dan Cassidy with the Henry Doorly Zoo said he 's been surprised by the attention since he considered the whole thing a "  nonevent . " The group of male gorillas is known to have occasional skirmishes . "  They show how tough they are by pounding on the wall and the windows , " Cassidy said . Even with the crack , the public was never in danger , he said , because the window has multiple layers of both glass and acrylic . Kijoto is a 20-year-old western lowland gorilla , according to a release on the zoo 's website . He weighs 375 pounds .	Gorilla leaps toward exhibit window and hits it , sending family running . Zoo says patrons were never in danger .
CNN  -- Chabedi Thulo looks at the camera proudly . "  In my mouth , I got stitches . In my legs , I got stitches too , " he announces . Thulo is one of the subjects featured in "  Staff Riding , " a five-minute digital documentary by Italian filmmaker Marco Casino about a subculture of train surfers in Katlehong -- one of South Africa 's largest and poorest townships  "  staff riding " is the local slang for train surfing  . The illegal "  sport " attracts many of the community 's young men , who perform tricks and dance moves on top of moving trains . Casino notes that the trains , which deliver many of the township 's workers and students into nearby Johannesburg , plays a pivotal role in the region . "  People from the township use the train every day . There 's a really strong connection here to the trains , and I think train surfing is something that came out of that relationship , " he says . The dangers are numerous for those that practice the activity . Train speeds aside , these young daredevils have to constantly dodge 3,000-volt cables overhead . "  They do n't really care about the risks . Some of them figure , ` if I do this dangerous stuff on top of the train , my friends will respect me more , ' " says Casino . After stumbling upon an online video of the world 's 10 most dangerous sports that listed train surfing as near the top , Casino became curious about the practice . His inquires led him to Katlehong , where he spent a month getting to know the local community of staff riders . The film recently won Best Short Feature in the 2014 World Press Photo Multimedia Contest . "  I did n't know what to expect , but what I found is that it 's really about social redemption , " he says . It makes sense . Katlehong is hardly a land of opportunity , especially not for young people . Like many townships in East Rand , Katlehong played a prominent role during the anti-apartheid movement , though living conditions have changed little since apartheid ended . According to the 2011 census , the youth unemployment rate in Ekurhuleni  the municipality of which Katlehong is a part  is 37 % . "  A lot of these guys are really young , from 15 to 25 years old . Most of them are unemployed and have traumatic family situations . This is a way for them to socially reinvent themselves , " says Casino . Some seem to use the practice as a vent their frustrations . "  It 's a way you can express your feelings , " Thulo says in the film . "  You want to take out the anger . Instead of beating someone or robbing them , you just express your anger . " Casino notes that many young people have lost one or both parents , either due to AIDS , drugs or general poverty . "  A lot of the guys I met grew up with their grandparents , who are old and do n't really have the energy or power to stop them doing this , " he says . Though Casino shot footage from atop some of the trains , he admits that he was "  gripping the irons . " "  If you make one little mistake , you 're dead , " he says . "  The last day of filming , two guys died while train surfing . I also met a lot of people that got injured and survived , which is not so common , because most of the time , they die . " The film features one such survivor : Sibusiso Linda , a sweet-faced , ambitious youth who dreams of working in advertising , and who unfortunately has suffered multiple amputations following a staff riding accident . "  Most of them do n't even realize the value of their own lives , " says Casino . "  For me , realizing that was one of the worst parts of this project . "	South African train surfers ride on top of moving trains ` Staff Riding , ' a short film by Marco Casino , shows the practice Train surfers have to dodge 3,000-volt cables while on top of the train
CNN  -- Iran announced Monday that it has built its first ballistic missile silos , airing video of one of the facilities as it began a new round of military exercises . The hardened , underground launch sites will allow Iranian commanders to fire missiles more quickly , Iran 's state-run Press TV reported . A military statement carried by the official Islamic Republic News Agency said the silos were capable of launching long-range missiles . The announcement came as the Islamic republic opened a new round of war games , dubbed "  Great Prophet 6 . " Iran is expected to test-fire several types of missiles during the exercise , state news agencies reported . Iran 's development of missile and nuclear fuel technology has led to U.N. sanctions and accusations from the United States that the clerical regime is trying to develop nuclear weapons . Iran says it has a right to peaceful nuclear technology , but the International Atomic Energy says it ca n't verify whether Tehran 's nuclear program remains entirely peaceful . The United States and the Soviet Union built more than 1,400 silos to protect their long-range missiles during the Cold War era . In the Iranian statement , military spokesman Col. Asghar Ghelichkhani said the facilities were designed and built with domestic expertise . Western observers say Iran currently has missiles capable of hitting targets up to about 1,300 kilometers  800 miles  away , a range that would cover nearly the entire Middle East and part of southeastern Europe . Iran also launched its first satellite in 2009 .	Iran airs video of the missile silos Monday The silos are capable of launching long-range missiles , Iran says
CNN  -- Ah , 2011 . A new year and a prime time to make resolutions -- a word that stems from the Latin word resolutio , which roughly translates to "  intense self-flagellation followed by structured reflection on the things you hate about yourself . " Allow us to aid you in this endeavor . Now that you 've finally finished reading dozens of surprisingly obnoxious top 10 lists , we 're going to start the year off with a review of seven equally obnoxious netiquette faux pas to avoid in ' 11 . Think of it as a quick precis of all the dumb moves we tried to shake out of you in 2010  research , after all , shows that refreshing your memory at spaced-out intervals is key to remembering stuff long-term  . No reverse-order countdown , though . After all , this is n't a moment of Joose-fueled chanting in Times Square . Say it with me , now . In 2011 , I will not ... 1 . ... send an unspeakably rude e-mail to one of my employees or co-workers . " ?! " alone does not an e-mail make . Forgetting your "  pleases " and "  thank yous " ? Just as bad . Carpal tunnel syndrome be damned , make this the year you actually tap out respectful missives to those in your midst . 2 . ... chase a messy breakup with sad-clown Facebook statuses and hours of sob-wracked ex stalking . Quit squeezing lemon juice on your wounds . Apps like Avoidr and the Ex Blocker  which , yes , we inspired by sighing loudly and whining , "  Why ca n't someone make my loser exes disappear ? "  make moving on ... well , not as easy as it was in pre-digital times , but fairly comparable . 3 . ... waste everyone 's time with inane tweets . Yes , Twitter can be a repository for banal thoughts and stomach-churning overshares . It can also be a useful tool for sharing links , connecting with online and real-life friends , and adding to the general conversation . Hey , do n't laugh -- remember how the Library of Congress deemed this all archive-worthy ? Five hundred years from now , they 'll be like , "  Whoa , those 2010-era plebeians were really into laser cats . That must mean something . " Aim to give each tweet a bit of value : a tip , a crowdsource attempt , even a little zing to get your followers to : . 4 . ... keep my wedding photo as my Facebook profile pic for five months or more . That 's really great that you got married . However , my congratulatory spirit wore out approximately 4.5 months ago . Time to go back to being a Person With a Personality instead of just a Bride , mmkay ? 5 . ... leave offensive , sexist , childish or straight-up stupid comments . Actual responses and commentary are the lovely nerve network of Web 2.0 . As for the trash : Yeah , instead of bothering with the noncontribution , we suggest you check out the billions of other things you could be browsing on the www this very minute . Problem : solved . 6 . ... drunk-text . Or drunk-tweet . Or drunk-e-mail . Or drunk-update-le-Facebook-status . It 's 2011 , folks -- of course the coders who hand you such digital Tommy guns have figured out how to add safety latches . Apps like Mail Goggles and the social media sobriety test mitigate the damage . If only you 'd done some sober installing before your big NYE open bar , the decade might 've begun on a much less sloppy , indelicate foot . 7 . ... peck away at my smartphone during dinner . Or brunch , or really any moment involving real-life interaction -- because it 's incredibly impolite and likely detrimental to your ability to enjoy a tender interaction or a crisp walk through the park . Look , if there 's one addiction worth breaking this year , it 's your clinically significant dependence on regular CrackBerry checks . Because let 's face it , the whiskey binges and late-night Cheetos you swore off on 1/1/11 are n't going anywhere .	Do n't chase a messy breakup with sad-clown Facebook status updates Twitter can be a useful tool as well as a repository for banal thoughts If there 's one habit worth breaking this year , it 's your smartphone addiction
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Militants carried out a deadly attack on a government building in eastern Afghanistan and fired rockets near Kabul 's main airport Monday as the Taliban began their annual spring offensive . An armed group stormed the provincial Justice Department in the city of Jalalabad on Monday morning , clashing with Afghan security forces , authorities said . By the time the fighting ended , three insurgent gunmen , two police officers and five civilian employees of the Justice Department were dead , said Sediq Sediqqi , a spokesman for the Afghan Interior Ministry . At least one other civilian was wounded , he said . In the capital , Kabul , two rockets landed near military buildings around the northern side of the city 's international airport but did n't cause any casualties or material damage , the Interior Ministry said . Car bomb kills 4 , injures 22 in Afghanistan As they often do , the Taliban offered a different version of events , claiming the rocket attack had killed several people and damaged buildings . In their statement last week announcing the start of their spring military operations , the Taliban said the offensive 's main targets would include foreigners , Afghan government staff and their organizations nationwide . Each year since NATO forces entered Afghanistan , the Taliban has launched renewed attacks as the snow melts . Most NATO troops are due to withdraw from Afghanistan by the end of this year as the U.S.-led war effort winds down . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai and journalist Qadir Sediqi reported from Kabul . CNN 's Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	NEW : Attackers kill seven in Jalalabad fighting Militants clashed with security forces after storming a government building in the city Rockets land near military buildings in the area around Kabul 's international airport The Taliban say this year 's spring offensive will target foreigners , Afghan authorities
CNN  -- Eddie Vedder has a message for his critics : "  Imagine . " The Pearl Jam frontman addressed recent criticism of his anti-war comments by playing the John Lennon classic at a solo show Friday in Meco , Portugal . "  I think it is the most powerful song ever written , which is why I have never played it . It seems like maybe there is a reason to play it , " Vedder said , according to a video posted on the website Consequence of Sound . "  Being  anti-war make  s  you pro many things . Pro peace , pro human , pro evolution , " he said before introducing the song . "  Makes you pro communication , pro diplomacy , pro love , pro understanding , pro forgiveness . " In recent weeks , Vedder has made headlines , first with an antiwar rant at a concert in Milton Keynes , England , and later comments on Pearl Jam 's website . "  I swear to f ****** God , there are people out there who are looking for a reason to kill ! " Vedder said at the English show before singing Edwin Starr 's "  War . " "  They 're looking for a reason to go across borders and take over land that does n't belong to them . " Those comments were viewed by some Israeli publications as anti-Israel , Rolling Stone reported . One Israeli DJ , who was hoping to bring Pearl Jam to Israel , said that Vedder was now "  invited not to come here . " In response , Vedder reiterated his anti-war beliefs on Pearl Jam 's website in a post titled "  Imagine That -- I 'm Still Anti-War . " "  Call me naÃ ¯ ve . I 'd rather be naÃ ¯ ve , heartfelt and hopeful than resigned to say nothing for fear of misinterpretation and retribution , " he wrote . "  War hurts . It hurts no matter which sides the bombs are falling on . ... I know that we ca n't let the sadness turn into apathy . And I do know we are better off when we reach out to each other . " He then quoted from "  Imagine " : " ' I hope someday you 'll join us , ... ' " and added a bit of Paul McCartney : "  Wo n't you listen to what the man said . "	Eddie Vedder plays what he calls "  the most powerful song ever written " : "  Imagine " Vedder has been criticized for anti-war remarks Comments at UK concert perceived as anti-Israel by some "  Call me naÃ ¯ ve , " Vedder said in website post
Two international crises are giving Republicans new reasons to break out a familiar rallying cry -- secure the border -- just weeks before the midterm elections . A Liberian man 's death in Texas from Ebola is triggering worries that the disease could spread beyond West Africa , while efforts by ISIS to recruit Westerners is stoking fears that its influence could reach into the United States . The seemingly disparate issues are gelling into a single talking point for Republicans arguing that weak border security is leaving the United States vulnerable . The most direct link came from Rep. Duncan Hunter , who is sticking by his claim that at least 10 ISIS fighters were caught by border security officers trying to cross the United States ' southern border . On Thursday , the California Republican 's spokesman , Joe Kasper , pointed to the Sept. 10 arrest of four people in Texas who "  identified themselves , while in custody , as members of a specific , known-terrorist organization . " He cited Homeland Security information "  provided internally " about those suspects ' claimed affiliations , saying they "  met an individual in Mexico who spoke their own language and assisted in the smuggling attempt . " Kasper said the department 's determination that those four are n't part of ISIS-linked groups is no surprise "  because foreign nationals with terrorists associations , captured on the border , does n't really play well for an administration trying to convince the world that the border is secure . " However , a U.S. government official who has reviewed the detention records said Hunter 's claims are false . The official said the four men are Turkish and identified themselves as members of the Kurdish Workers Party , also known as the PKK , whose affiliates are the chief Kurdish group fighting ISIS in Syria . The PKK is listed by the State Department as a terrorist group at the behest of Turkey 's government , which has fought against a Kurdish insurgency for years . But the official said the men 's links to terrorism were investigated and the Homeland Security Department concluded they do n't pose a threat to U.S. national security . Substantiated or not -- and no cases of Ebola have yet been identified in Central America -- linking Ebola and ISIS to border security is a way for Republicans to raise an issue that President Barack Obama and Democrats had sought to keep off the table until after November 's midterm elections . The president delayed his announcement on a long-awaited and politically-charged executive order dealing with illegal immigration until after the elections in an effort to keep from galvanizing the conservative base and handing Republican candidates a new club to whack endangered Senate Democrats . But the international crises dominating news cycles less than a month from the midterms are giving Republicans a way to push the issue anyway . Much of the criticism comes from Obama 's most reliable opponents in Congress . But some Republican candidates -- including New Hampshire Senate hopeful Scott Brown -- are playing up their border security concerns on the campaign trail . "  If people are coming in from normal channels , can you imagine what they can do through our porous border ? " Brown , the Republican challenging Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen , told New Hampshire radio station WGIR on Thursday . "  It 's so critically important to really use every tool , shut off every mechanism , for them and that disease and other potential diseases to come into our country , " he said , adding that Shaheen has voted against GOP-backed border security measures and he wants to "  call Sen. Shaheen out on that issue . " Thom Tillis , the Republican North Carolina House speaker who is challenging Sen. Kay Hagan , did just that during a debate Tuesday . "  Sen. Hagan has failed the people of North Carolina and the nation by not securing our border , " he said . "  Ladies and gentlemen , we have an Ebola outbreak , we have bad actors who can come across the border . We need to seal the border and secure it . We need to make it very clear that blanket amnesty is not on the table and then we need to solve for the first time in decades the problem we have with immigration in this country . " Also linking Ebola and ISIS to border security on Thursday was GOP Rep. Louie Gohmert of Texas . He told Newsmax that Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry believe climate change is "  more deadly to this country than Ebola is climate change , more deadly than the Islamic State to Thomas Foley is climate change , " in an apparent references to James Foley , a journalist who was beheaded by the group . He said the reason the United States has n't yet closed its borders is that Democrats want "  everyone to feel included . " "  Countries that recognize that they have an obligation to protect their people regardless of whether or not its politically correct have done just that , " Gohmert said . "  We used to have quarantines of serious diseases that would kill people . But this day in time , gee , we do n't want anybody to feel like they 're being left out , " he said . "  So therefore some of my Democratic friends , including this president , they want everyone to feel included . So let 's do n't quarantine , let 's do n't close our borders . "	Republicans say the southern U.S. border is vulnerable to Ebola and ISIS fighters President Obama 's administration says there 's nothing to their concerns GOP Rep. Duncan Hunter and candidates Scott Brown and Thom Tillis have pushed the issue
CNN  -- A rogue trader has cost UBS an estimated $ 2 billion , the Swiss banking giant announced Thursday , revealing what could be the third-largest loss of its kind in banking history . A $ 2 billion rogue trading loss would be all but unprecedented , market analyst Ralph Silva told CNN . "  We have only had three or four other situations ... in the billions , and that is exactly what happened , " he said . The bank is large enough to take a $ 2 billion hit , experts said . Shares in UBS were down 11 % on the U.S. stock exchange at midday trading , though , even as European markets closed higher Thursday . Police arrested a man on suspicion of fraud in an early-morning operation in London 's banking district hours before the loss was announced , they said . UBS contacted the police at 1 a.m. about an allegation of fraud , and a 31-year-old man was arrested at work two and a half hours later , police commander Ian Dyson said . British media named the suspect as UBS trader Kweku Adoboli , 31 . CNN has not independently confirmed his identity , but was told when calling his desk at UBS that he was not available . The bank declined to comment on the arrest . News of the rogue trader comes amid pronounced economic anxiety in Europe . Markets there have been in turmoil in recent weeks as concern has mounted that Greece might default on its huge debt , sending shock waves through the 17-nation eurozone and further afield . Just this week , the credit rating agency Moody 's downgraded two French banks . On Thursday -- even as news was circulating of the incident at UBS -- came word that the Federal Reserve and four other powerful central banks announced they were throwing a lifeline to Europe 's struggling banks . The European Central Bank , along with the Fed , the Bank of England , the Bank of Japan and the Swiss National Bank , said three U.S. dollar auctions would be held to help out European banks that need the currency to fund loans and repay debt . European banks have seen U.S. dollars flow out as U.S. financial institutions and money market accounts scale back exposure to European banks , amid fears over those institutions ' exposure to debt held by Greece and other European nations . U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner is to attend a meeting of Europe 's Economic and Financial Affairs Council in Wroclaw , Poland , on Friday , at which questions around Greek debt and financial stability in the eurozone are bound to be discussed . Finance ministers for the European Union member states , central bank presidents and representatives of other major financial bodies will also be present . The conference comes ahead of G20 and IMF meetings later this month . As to the episode at UBS , Silva , the analyst , outlined three possible ways a loss that big could take place : intentional fraud , "  basic stupidity " in trading strategy , or what the banking industry calls "  fat fingers , " which means typing the wrong number by accident . Perhaps the trader "  put in an extra zero so instead of buying a million he or she bought ten million -- could be a problem , " Silva said . Lex van Dam , a former trader who is now a partner at Hampstead Capital in London , said chaos in the markets could have put more pressure on a trader desperate to hang onto his job . "  Trading has been incredibly difficult over the last year , " said van Dam . "  With the volatility in banking stocks , commodities and currencies , things can go wrong really , really easily . If you 're worried about your job and you try to hide  a mistake or loss  , you can see how these situations arise . " A bank 's risk management division is supposed to examine a trader 's activities , he said . "  He must have done something that he was n't supposed to do , obviously , " van Dam said . UBS said no client positions were affected by the loss , which is still being investigated . But the "  unauthorized trading by a trader in its investment bank " could cause UBS to post a loss in the third quarter of this year , it said . The loss would potentially be among the largest costs ever to a bank in unauthorized trading . Rogue trader Jerome Kerviel cost his French bank , Societe Generale , almost $ 6 billion , and was sentenced to three years in prison last year . Yasuo Hamanaka cost Sumitomo Corporation $ 2.6 billion in the global copper market , and was sent to prison for eight years over fraud and forgery in 1997 . Nick Leeson , the subject of the Ewan McGregor movie "  Rogue Trader , " lost about $ 1.3 billion for his bank , Barings , in 1995 , forcing it to close . UBS is not likely to collapse , but the scandal could prompt the bank to split its investment bank into a separate company , van Dam said . There is a "  much higher chance that this bank will now be broken up " into a wealth managament firm and an investment bank to reduce clients ' exposure to investment banking losses , he said . He favors that alternative , he said . "  The banks are too large , " van Dam said . "  The products are so complicated , and the management does n't understand it . " UBS made a pre-tax profit of about $ 1.9 billion in the second quarter of this year , it announced in July , down from about $ 2.5 billion the quarter before that . CNN 's Nina dos Santos , Irene Chapple , Ben Rooney , Alex Mohacs , James Partington , Laura Perez Maestro , Kendra Petersen , Nick Thompson and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	UBS itself reported the rogue trader to police , officers say British media name the arrested man as Kweku Adoboli The loss could be caused by anything from fraud to "  stupidity , " an expert says It would be among the largest losses in unauthorized trading
CNN  -- Almost 70 years after the U.S. military dropped an atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima , effectively ending World War II , the site of the devastation remains one of the most popular tourist attractions in the country . And it appears to be getting more popular . According to a recent report in The Japan Times , visits to the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum by foreign tourists hit a record high of 200,086 in 2013 . Local officials confirm that the memorial site is attracting an increasing number of tourists to study the burnt wreckage , painful witness testimonies and human shadows left permanently visible after the atomic bomb explosion 's incandescent destruction . A number of factors lay behind the site 's continuing hold on travelers . Some people describe Hiroshima as a gripping , educational and emotional example of "  dark tourism , " "  grief tourism " or "  battlefield tourism , " which includes Nazi concentration camps in Europe , Cambodia 's torture prison and killing fields , West African slave ports and Manhattan 's 9/11 crater . Most tourists gaze in mute awe at Hiroshima 's Atomic Bomb Genbaku Dome , which became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996 . The now-iconic structure , designed in 1915 by a Czech architect , was the city 's Industrial Promotion Hall . When the United States dropped the bomb on August 6 , 1945 , it exploded just above the building , but did n't totally destroy it because the immediate blast and heat buffered the air at ground zero . TripAdvisor calls Peace Memorial a top Japan attraction About 363,000 tourists visited Hiroshima City during 2012 , according the most recent statistics . Americans comprise the largest number , followed by Australians and Chinese , according to statistics for the city and surrounding prefecture . Countless Japanese also visit . "  The name ` Hiroshima ' has been well-known among foreign countries from its history , and recently word-of-mouth effect from visitors adds more reality to it , " Hiroshima Convention and Visitors Bureau representative Taeko Abe told CNN in an e-mail . "  In recent years , word-of-mouth information from Internet and so on also has a strong influence . "  For example , the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum ranked number one ... for the ranking of ` the most popular tourist spots in Japan for foreign tourists ' at the travel website TripAdvisor two years in a row . " The Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum and A-Bomb Dome appeared at the top of a 2012 TripAdvisor list of Top 20 Travel Destinations for Foreign Visitors in Japan . The Peace Memorial Museum ranks number-two  behind the "  shrine island " of Miyajima , also in Hiroshima Prefecture  on the site 's current list of Top 20 Must-see Attractions in Japan Awarded by Inbound Travelers . Nightmarish displays The atomic bomb was dropped over Hiroshima from an American B-29 bomber . The explosion obliterated nearly everything within 10-square kilometers  six square miles  in the downtown area , killing 60,000 to 80,000 people . Radiation poisoning eventually sickened others , resulting in an estimated final total death toll of 135,000 people . Across the Motoyasu River , which flows in front of the A-Bomb Dome , the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum displays evocative exhibits , including a blistered and fused tricycle that a four-year-old boy was riding during the blast that burned him to death . Photos and documentary films , nightmarish drawings by survivors , scientific explanations of the explosion , plus other artifacts including melted glass and charred clothing , hint at the unimaginable . "  This museum was established by the city of Hiroshima to convey the reality of the atomic bombing to the world , and contribute to the total abolition of nuclear weapons , and realization of lasting world peace , " Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum director Kenji Shiga told CNN in an e-mail . The museum 's growing popularity among tourists is due in part to "  the weaker yen and various tourism-promoting activities conducted by the national and local government , " Shiga said . "  We also consider the high reputation of TripAdvisor , which attracts a lot of foreign visitors , as one of the biggest reasons " that more travelers arrive each year , he said . From devastation to hope The concept of "  peace " is one of Hiroshima 's biggest attractions . "  Hiroshima City has achieved a remarkable recovery from that devastation , although the first atomic bomb in history was dropped on Hiroshima in 1945 , and has pursued everlasting world peace for mankind , " said Abe of the Hiroshima Convention and Visitors Bureau . "  Visitors say they feel its most powerful message , that of hope , and appreciate anew the importance of peace , " he said . "  The impression of Hiroshima that visitors take away seems to be affected by whether they have had the opportunity to meet and communicate with local people , " Abe said . Bruce Bottomley , 45 , an English instructor from Canada , has visited the Memorial Museum , A-Bomb Dome and related sites during repeat trips to Hiroshima . "  My strongest memory is of the watches that stopped at the moment the bomb detonated , " he said . "  The burnt metal lunch boxes of the young students with the petrified rice still inside is a quiet , jaw-dropping sight . "  I do n't know what it is , but I can feel and sense it when I am there . The tales of survivors with photographs are striking and even shocking to a degree . "  I could n't help think of my grandfather and what he would have been doing in Canada at the same time there was such tragic destruction , " said Bottomley , who has also visited the second atomic bomb blast memorial in Nagasaki . Making the bombing ` real ' for new generations "  I visited Hiroshima in July 1998 , during my first visit to Japan , " said Evan Hayden , 34 , an American graphic designer who teaches English in Nagasaki . "  My student group went to the Memorial Museum , the Peace Memorial and the Peace Memorial Park . We saw the -LSB- origami -RSB- paper cranes while there . "  It made the bombing more of a reality for me and my fellow high school students . Only reading about it in textbooks , and seeing footage on TV , made the event seem abstract and remote . "  It was profound to see artifacts such as a mangled , charred tricycle , as well as people 's shadows burned into concrete from the blast , " Hayden said . Difficult history Debate about whether or not the United States should have dropped the bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki continues to swirl . "  I 'm against the fact that Japan was bombed , of course , but at the same time , the war kept going in a nasty direction and neither Japan nor the U.S.A. was backing down , " said Hayden . "  A tragic story . " Hiroshima 's memorial is "  not a fun thing to do on one 's vacation , obviously , but it is an important experience that people can learn a lot from , " he added . Some remain reluctant to visit the site . "  If I do have the chance , I do n't know if I will make a visit or not , " said Maki Hakui , 43 , a Tokyo-based Japanese publisher and translator . "  I should go as a Japanese citizen , taking my daughter with me . Honestly speaking , I feel very reluctant to go , as I know that it will be a tough experience for me , " she said . Today , Japan 's National Tourism Organization describes Hiroshima 's atomic bomb site simply as , "  Negative cultural heritage that tells of the mistakes humanity has made . " Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum , 1-2 Nakajimacho , Naka Ward , Hiroshima ; +81 82 241 4004 Richard S. Ehrlich is a freelance writer from San Francisco . He 's reported for international media from Asia since 1978 , based in Hong Kong , New Delhi and now Bangkok . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	The Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum is one of TripAdvisor 's top Japan travel sites The museum attracted a record number of foreign tourists in 2013 Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum features photos , films , scientific explanations of the explosion
CNN  -- The leader of Colombia 's main leftist rebel group -- the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -- died in a military operation in the country 's southwest , President Juan Manuel Santos said Saturday . "  I confirm the death of Alfonso Cano . The No. 1 of FARC is dead , " Santos said . "  This is the most overwhelming blow given to the FARC in all of Colombia 's history . " The military operation that took place Friday in the state of Cauca also killed Cano 's communications chief , a female friend and members of his security team , Defense Minister Juan Carlos Pinzon told reporters . Cano 's chief of security was captured . "  The death of Alfonso Cano is the most important historical mark of our military forces and our national police in our fight against the FARC organization , " Pinzon said . "  He was part of the organization for over 33 years . He was their ideologue , their political figure and most importantly , he was a despised terrorist ready to act in a radical way ... " Cano , an alias for Guillermo Leon Saenz , took over the FARC 's top spot in March 2008 after an apparent heart attack killed the former leader , Manuel Marulanda . Cano 's family released a statement following his death , urging peace and asking the media to respect their privacy . They called on authorities in Colombia , and specifically on President Santos , to allow them the opportunity to give Cano a dignified burial . "  This is great news for all the Colombian people , " said Labor Minister Rafael Pardo . "  This will help the peace process and it shows that armed conflict is no longer the way forward in Colombia . " The FARC has been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . While severely weakened in recent years , the guerrilla group has continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces in the South American nation . Following Cano 's death , the FARC released a statement in which its leaders said they would not end their guerrilla struggle . "  This is not the first time that the oppressed and exploited in Colombia are mourning one of its greatest leaders . Nor is it the first  time  that he will be replaced with the courage and absolute conviction of victory . Peace in Colombia will not be born in any guerrilla demobilization , but the abolition of the causes that give birth the upheaval , " they wrote . Senior officials in the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama said that they believe Cano 's death will pose a serious challenge to the FARC going forward . There are n't many people left to head the group and most of those who might , no longer live in Colombia , they said . The FARC , which began as a revolutionary guerrilla group , has evolved into a narco-trafficking organization , the officials said . While it is no longer able to threaten the state , the FARC still has the potential to hurt a lot of people , they added . The United States and European Union consider the FARC a terrorist organization . "  This is an important victory for Colombia and represents a major blow against the largest terrorist organization in this hemisphere , " said U.S. State Department spokeswoman Darla Jordan . "  We firmly support the efforts of the Colombian people , their security forces , and President Santos to combat the FARC , " she said . In July , Santos said Cano escaped an attack by less than a day . At the time , security forces raided a remote camp believed to have been his hideout . After the raid , authorities found clothes they believe belonged to Cano . CNN affiliate Caracol TV reported that authorities also found large quantities of the cigarettes the FARC leader is thought to smoke . "  We were very close , " the president told reporters at a military airport in Bogota . He said security forces had acted on an intelligence tip from one of Cano 's "  own people . " CNN 's Claudia Dominguez , Luis Carlos Velez and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : The FARC says his death does not spell the end of the guerrilla struggle The FARC leader 's family asks that his remains be treated with dignity Alfonso Cano took over the FARC 's top spot in 2008 President says security forces missed the leader by less than a day in July
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- Boko Haram launched a grisly attack on a Nigerian village in an area that troops had been using as a base in the search for hundreds of schoolgirls abducted by the militant group , witnesses told CNN on Wednesday . The hourslong assault on Gamboru Ngala that left at least 150 people dead , some of whom were burned alive , is the latest in a series of brazen attacks and abductions by Boko Haram , raising concern about whether the Nigerian government can retake control of the region from the entrenched terror group . Word of the attack follows news that President Goodluck Jonathan , who has been under fire for his handling of the mass abduction , accepted U.S. , British and Chinese offers of assistance to find the schoolgirls , officials with those governments said . It 's unclear what impact the latest attack could have on the international response to Nigeria 's fight with Boko Haram , which so far has concentrated on helping the government rescue 276 schoolgirls abducted on April 14 . The assault on the village came after military troops deployed to the area were called to the border area near Chad , where reports -- later determined to be false -- surfaced that the schoolgirls had been found with Boko Haram militants , witnesses and local officials said . CNN can not independently confirm the report , and attempts Wednesday to contact Nigeria 's military for comment were unsuccessful . Indiscriminate killing Witnesses described a well-coordinated attack that began shortly after 1:30 p.m. local time Monday at a busy outdoor market in Gamboru Ngala . Wearing military uniforms , the militants arrived with three armored personnel carriers , they said . They shouted "  Allahu Akbar " -- "  God is great " -- and opened up on the market , firing rocket-propelled grenades and tossing improvised explosive devices , witnesses said . Some marketgoers tried to take shelter in shops only to be burned alive when the gunmen set fire to a number of the businesses , the witnesses said . A few Nigerian soldiers who had been left behind at the village could not hold off the assault and were forced to flee , they said . Many sought safe haven in nearby Cameroon , they said . The fighters also attacked the police station during the 12-hour assault , initially facing stiff resistance . They eventually used explosives to blow the roof off the building , witnesses said . Fourteen police officers were found dead inside , they said . The final death toll could be closer to 300 , Nigerian Sen. Ahmed Zanna told CNN . Monday 's bloody attack by Boko Haram militants , some of whom U.S. officials say have been trained by al Qaeda , follows a pattern of seeking revenge against anybody who is perceived to have provided aid to the Nigerian government . International aid taking shape News of the attack came as U.S. officials pressed ahead with plans to provide Nigeria with law enforcement assistance and military consultations , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . "  Obviously , this is in the interest of the Nigerian government to accept every aspect of our assistance , " she told reporters during a briefing Wednesday . "  They conveyed that they were willing to do that yesterday and it continues to be in their interest to be as cooperative as possible . " U.S. officials will establish a joint coordination cell at the U.S. Embassy in Abuja where the goal will be to provide intelligence , investigations and hostage negotiation expertise , Psaki said . The cell will include U.S. military personnel , who are expected to arrive in Nigeria in the coming days , she said . The Pentagon has started planning for how it can help Nigeria , a senior U.S. military official told CNN . It 's unlikely at this point that U.S. troops would be involved in operations , the officials said . Britain is sending a small team of experts to complement the U.S. team , a spokesman for Prime Minister David Cameron said Wednesday . The spokesman did n't specify the nature of the team 's expertise . On behalf of China , Premier Li Keqiang offered satellite and intelligence services to aid in the search . Meanwhile , Nigerian authorities offered a reward of about $ 310,000 on Wednesday for information leading to the rescue of the girls . "  While calling on the general public to be part of the solution to the present security challenge , the Police High Command also reassures all citizens that any information given would be treated anonymously and with utmost confidentiality , " the Nigeria Police Force said in a statement . According to accounts , armed members of Boko Haram overpowered security guards at an all-girls school in Chibok , yanked the girls out of bed and forced them into trucks . The convoy of trucks then disappeared into the dense forest bordering Cameroon . The reward offer comes amid international outcry over the mass kidnapping in mid-April . The #BringBackOurGirls campaign initially began on Twitter . It quickly spread , with demonstrators taking to the streets over the weekend in major cities around the world to demand action . Defending the response Nigeria 's President has been under enormous international pressure to step up efforts to rescue the girls after come after waiting three weeks to publicly acknowledge the kidnappings . His administration , however , is defending its response -- even as details emerged this about a second mass kidnapping . At least eight girls between the ages of 12 and 15 were snatched Sunday night from the village of Warabe by Boko Haram , villagers said . "  The President and the government  are  not taking this as easy as people all over the world think , " presidential spokesman Doyin Okupe said , adding that helicopters and airplanes have searched for the girls in 250 locations . More troops , he said , are on the way . Despite the flurry of activity , the father of two of the schoolgirls taken by Boko Haram scoffed at the Nigerian government 's response . "  We have never seen any military man there , " said the father , who is not being identified for fear of reprisals by the government or Boko Haram . "  Had it been military men who went into the bush to rescue our daughters , we would have seen them . " Members of the U.S. Congress called for action , former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan called the abductions "  abominable " and Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani children 's rights activist shot in the head by the Taliban , spoke out , too . "  The girls in Nigeria are my sisters and it is my responsibility that I speak up for my sisters , " Yousafzai told CNN 's "  Amanpour . " The U.S. first lady , Michelle Obama , was among the latest high-profile figures to take to Twitter about the girls ' plight , tweeting a photo of herself holding a sign that read : #BringBackOurGirls . "  Our prayers are with the missing Nigerian girls and their families , " she said in the post . Boko Haram : A bloody insurgency , a growing challenge ' I abducted your girls ' Boko Haram translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language , and the group has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Africa 's most populous nation , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . The United States has branded Boko Haram a terror organization and has put a $ 7 million bounty on the group 's elusive leader , Abubakar Shekau . A man claiming to be Shekau appeared in a video announcing he would sell his victims . The video was first obtained Monday by Agence-France Presse . "  I abducted your girls . I will sell them in the market , by Allah , " he said . "  There is a market for selling humans . Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell . I will sell women . I sell women . " More than 450,000 people , including celebrities and lawmakers , to date have signed a change.org petition that calls upon the world to act to save the girls . The petition calls on Jonathan and the government "  to ensure all schools are safe places to learn , protected from attack . " CNN Freedom Project : Ending Modern-Day Slavery Isha Sesay and Vladimir Duthiers reported from Abuja ; Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta . Journalist Aminu Abubaker contributed from Kano , Nigeria . Journalist Aminu Abubakar and CNN 's Michael Pearson and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : China offers satellite and intelligence assistance in the search for girls Boko Haram militants attacked Gamboru Ngala , killing at least 150 people United States and Britain are sending teams to help Nigerian forces Nigerian authorities offer a reward for information leading to the girls ' rescue
CNN  -- Russia called new sanctions against Iran "  unacceptable , " saying the new punishments would hurt efforts to talk with Tehran . The Russian Foreign Ministry posted a statement Tuesday , a day after the United States announced tougher sanctions against Iran -- joining Britain and Canada in a coordinated effort to tighten the screws around the country 's suspected nuclear weapons program . "  Russia sees such extraterritorial measures as unacceptable and against international law , " the statement says . "  Such a practice seriously obstructs advancement toward a constructive dialogue with Tehran . Stronger sanction pressure , which some of our partners see almost as a goal in itself , will not encourage Iran to sit down at the negotiating table . " On Monday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the new measures target Iran 's petrochemical industry and its oil and gas business . The United States also said Iran is a "  primary money laundering concern . " Clinton said she expects additional sanctions by other international partners and that taken together "  these measures represent a significant ratcheting up of pressure on Iran , its sources of income and its illegal activities . " Britain cut all financial ties with Iran , the first time it has cut an entire country 's banking sector off from British finance , the British Treasury announced earlier on Monday . Similarly , Canada said it was implementing a series of tougher sanctions , prohibiting almost all financial transactions with the Iranian government . The moves come days after an International Atomic Energy Agency report highlighted new concerns about "  the possible military dimensions of Iran 's nuclear program , " the British Treasury statement said Monday . Iran says its nuclear program is peaceful and has called the U.N. watchdog 's report "  unbalanced " and "  politically motivated . " "  The IAEA 's report last week provided further credible and detailed evidence about the possible military dimensions of the Iranian nuclear program , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement . "  Today we have responded resolutely by introducing a set of new sanctions that prohibit all business with Iranian banks . " Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird also cited the recent IAEA report as "  yet more proof that the current regime in Tehran poses the most significant threats to global peace and security today . " "  Canada is implementing , as of right now , a series of even tougher measures under the Special Economics Measures Act . These expanded sanctions prohibit almost all financial transactions with the Iranian government , add individuals and entities to the list of designated persons and expand the list of prohibited goods , " he said in a statement . Also Monday French President Nicolas Sarkozy sent a letter to various leaders and heads of state , urging "  new sanctions of unprecedented magnitude to convince Iran that it must negotiate , " according to a statement . France recommended that the European Union and its member states , as well as the United States , Japan , Canada and other willing countries , freeze the asset of Iran 's Central Bank and suspend purchases of Iranian oil . Iran 's nuclear program , the French president said , risks nuclear proliferation and "  could spark a military escalation in the region with catastrophic consequences for Iran and for the world . " Pentagon denies bunker-busting bomb is intended for Iran The European Union already has an extensive set of sanctions in place . France , as one of the member states , is pushing to increase them . According to European diplomats , next week the EU is expected to pass further sanctions similar to what the United States announced , but France wants the international community to move beyond that , collectively . U.S. officials had been considering action against the Central Bank of Iran but became concerned that a full sanction could have a negative effect on the world economy because of the potential impact on oil prices . A number of congressional members have been calling for sanctions against the bank amid questions about how much the current restrictions are working . U.S. sanctions already prohibited American companies from doing business with Iran . "  Let me be clear : Today 's actions do not exhaust our opportunities to sanction Iran . We continue actively to consider a range of increasingly aggressive measures , " said Clinton . Following Monday 's announcement , senior officials with the U.S. Treasury Department spoke to reporters on a conference call , stressing the decision to designate an entire jurisdiction , like Iran , as a "  primary money laundering concern " is rare . The action will create a chilling effect and should serve as a wake-up call to banks and financial institutions around the world still doing business with Iran , they said . On Friday , the International Atomic Energy Agency board of governors issued a resolution expressing "  deep and increasing concern about the unresolved issues regarding the Iranian nuclear program . " But the U.N. agency 's resolution did not threaten action to curb Iran 's nuclear ambitions . CNN 's Jamie Crawford , Jill Dougherty , Alex Felton , Elise Labott , Niki Cook and Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Sanctions target the country 's petrochemical industry and its oil and gas business The United States announced tougher sanctions on Iran this week Canada prohibits almost all financial transactions with the Iranian government British companies must end all banking ties to Iran
Manama , Bahrain  CNN  -- Bahraini pro-government medics and state media staffers "  bullied and intimidated " an Irish delegation of health workers and politicians here to secure the release of more than a dozen Bahraini health workers , said former Irish Foreign Minister David Andrews . The incident occurred as the Irish delegation was completing a two-day fact-finding mission intended to determine the condition and secure the release of more than a dozen doctors and medical staff detained on anti-government charges . But the news conference began to fall apart when 10 to 15 pro-government doctors and reporters for the state-run media approached the Irish delegation demanding to question them about their visit . As the pro-government doctors and reporters circled the Irish health workers in the hotel lobby , officials decided to call off the news conference . "  That 's not the sort of treatment we received when we were here , " Andrews told a reporter afterward . "  It 's most unfortunate that we were bullied and intimidated by him and his representatives . " He accused the president of the Bahrain Medical Society , Dr. Nabeel al-Ansari , of provoking the incident . Al-Ansari , who received his medical degrees in the Ukraine and the University of Toronto in Canada , was reappointed chief of emergency medicine at Salmaniya Hospital recently in the wake of the unrest after being sacked from the same post in 2006 . Speaking to reporters , al-Ansari said that the delegation was one-sided , despite the fact that its members had met with Bahraini government officials during the visit . "  Did they meet Bahrain medical society ?? " he asked on his Twitter account . "  Noooo . " "  We have not come to save Irish doctors , " Damian McCormack , who led the delegation , told reporters . "  We came to Bahrain to help Bahrainis , " said the professor of orthopedic surgery at Temple Street Children 's Hospital in Dublin . The delegation arrived on the Gulf island with a letter of support from the Irish foreign minister , Eamon Gilmore . They traveled here as part of an effort to determine the condition of the Bahraini health workers , many of whom had trained in Ireland . Since March , 47 Bahraini doctors , nurses , and paramedics have been charged and detained for supporting protesters during this year 's pro-reform demonstrations that have swept across Bahrain . Another , a doctor , left the country without having been detained . Fourteen of the health workers remained Thursday in custody . The others were released after their military trials , which began in June . Those released alleged that they had been tortured and forced to make false confessions . The government has responded that it is not involved in torture . An independent , fact-finding mission headed by international experts has been set up to look into the assertions , but it will not be operational until next week . Many of the Bahraini doctors are Shiite . Bahrain 's majority Shiite community has long complained of discrimination by the ruling Sunni elite . Bahraini protesters assert that the Sunni majority government discriminates against them in matters relating to their welfare spending , employment and the like . The Shiites make up about two-thirds of Bahrain 's population . The authorities here allege that Bahrain 's Shiites who participated in the pro-reform protests that began on February 14 have links to Shiites in Iran . The Bahraini Shiites deny that is the case . Last May , a report by Medecins Sans Frontieres , also referred to as Doctors Without Borders , said medical staff in Bahrain had been unfairly targeted by government forces and that wounded protesters were arrested when they arrived at hospitals for treatment . Twenty of the health workers face charges that include weapons possession , the occupation of a public building , and calling for the overthrow of the regime . Some medics are charged with carrying out unnecessary operations resulting in deaths of patients and denying treatment on sectarian bases . The remaining 28 face charges of spreading false news about those killed and wounded during the protests and gathering in groups illegally . The authorities here have detained more than 1,000 people since the crackdown began . Hundreds had been released quietly in recent days .	"  We came to Bahrain to help Bahrainis , " says the leader of the Irish delegation Many of the Bahraini health workers had trained in Ireland "  It 's most unfortunate that we were bullied and intimidated , " says Irish ex-foreign minister
CNN  -- Same-sex marriage has risen into the headlines again , as the U.S. Supreme Court mulls over whether or not it should weigh in on its constitutionality . But even Sen. Rand Paul , a likely contender for the Republican presidential nomination in 2016 , has suggested that it should not be a matter of federal concern . "  It is a local issue and always has been , " he told an interviewer in South Carolina this past week . The tide on this issue seems , quite rapidly , to have shifted . Even Christians -- who once stood uniformly against same-sex marriage -- have become more comfortable with the idea , and , one by one , mainstream churches have begun to reconsider it . One thinks back to those five little words Pope Francis uttered in 2013 , spoken casually on a plane flight one evening when reporters asked about his attitude toward gays : "  Who am I to judge ? " These were astonishing words , with this Pope adopting a tone very different from that of his predecessor , who condemned homosexuality as an "  intrinsic moral evil . " Francis was , of course , only echoing the words of Jesus in Matthew 7:1 : "  Judge not , that ye be not judged . " That 's a powerful teaching , and the pontiff opened a door by his loving attitude , one that will not easily be closed . Change has been coming quickly , in fact . Only last June , one saw the powerful Presbyterian Church officially change its position on same-sex marriage . By a vote of 429-174 , the elders of the church allowed clergy to marry gay couples in states where that is permissible by law . This vote cleared the way for same-sex marriages in some 10,000 churches in the United States . Of course , the Episcopal Church  to which I belong  has been open to gay marriage  and clergy , as well  for a long time . In 2003 , it elected its first openly gay bishop , Gene Robinson . This bold move created a schism , with a number of parishes leaving the main body of the American church . The worldwide Anglican Communion has indeed been roiled for more than a decade by the gay question , with many African parishes strongly in opposition to homosexuality . Yet even in Uganda , one of the most anti-gay of African nations , movement has occurred , as when in August that country 's Supreme Court struck down a hideous law that sent gays to prison for life simply because of their sexual orientation . Only a week ago , former President Jimmy Carter -- a lifelong Baptist and Sunday school teacher -- spoke out for gay rights at a college in Michigan . "  I never knew of any word or action of Jesus Christ that discriminated against anyone , " Carter said , provoking huge applause . He has , for some time , approved of civil ceremonies for gay people , although he maintains that each church has the right to make its own decision on same-sex marriage . "  I 'm a Baptist , " he said , "  and I believe that each congregation is autonomous and can govern its own affairs . " Where he stands personally , however , is not in doubt . Much of the opposition to homosexuality among Christians over the centuries can be traced to the letters of Paul , the apostle , who also had difficulties with women -- although I do believe that , in context , Paul 's attitudes are more complex than many assume . It 's important to remember , though , that he was raised an orthodox Jew , a Pharisee by training , and there was a strong prohibition against homosexual acts in many strains of Judaism , as in Leviticus 20:13 . But Judaism is a religion of many voices -- a quick glance at the Talmud will make that obvious . Nobody gets the last word on any issue of note . So what did Jesus think about homosexuality -- or sexuality itself , for that matter ? In Matthew 19 , he offered his well-known teaching on marriage : "  Have you not read that the One who made them at the beginning made them male and female , and said , ` For this reason a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife and the two shall become one flesh ' ? Therefore , what God has joined together , let no one separate . ' " This verse provided a basis for the traditional Christian bias against divorce -- a bias that has , necessarily , eased in the past century , when the facts on the ground simply demanded that a change in attitude occur . So many Christians were divorced that it became impossible to hold this line firmly . But it 's important to see these words of Jesus about divorce in context , too , especially in the context of gays . In fact , Jesus went on to comment on his own teaching when questioned further : "  Not everyone can accept this teaching , but only those to whom it is given . For there are eunuchs who have been so from birth , and there are eunuchs who have been made eunuchs by others , and there are eunuchs who have made themselves eunuchs for the sake of the kingdom of heaven . Let anyone accept this who can . "  Matthew 19:11 -12 Now that 's complicated . So what is a eunuch ? In Greek , the word is eunochos , and it occurs eight times in the Greek scriptures . The word usually refers to castrated men , but it has many meanings , and one of them is "  an ineffectual , powerless , or unmasculine man . " One recalls that Alexander the Great , in fact , had a male lover called Bagaos , who was described as a eunuch . So a eunuch was , in some instances , a gay man . If I read correctly what Jesus says about eunuchs who "  who have been so from birth , " he may well refer to this sort of person . Certainly , there has been a lot of discussion of this topic among gay Christians . I myself believe that God has a loving eye for all of his creation and judges harshly only those who choose to judge -- and condemn -- others . As the poet William Blake put it beautifully : "  Everything that lives is holy . " The mainstream Christian churches seem to be moving in this direction , however slowly , and this is cause for celebration .	Jay Parini : Some religions comfortable with same-sex marriage ; others still struggle He says Pope changed things for Catholics when he said of gays , "  Who am I to judge ? " Scriptures ' meaning hard to divine in context of the day , Parini says Jesus ' words -- "  Let anyone accept this who can " -- seem in line with Francis ' view , he says
CNN  -- The July 2011 deadline to begin withdrawing U.S. troops from Afghanistan is unrealistic and unhelpful , Afghan Ambassador Said Tayeb Jawad told CNN 's "  State of the Union " Sunday . "  First , if you over-emphasize a deadline that is not realistic , you are making the enemy a lot more bold , " Jawad said . "  You are prolonging the war . That deadline should be realistic . The line should be based on the reality on the ground and we should give a clear message to the enemy , to the terrorists who are a threat to everyone , that the United States , NATO , Afghans are there to finish this job . " He continued , "  If that 's not the feeling , we lost the support of the Afghan people , and also make the neighboring countries of interest a lot more bolder to interfere in Afghanistan . " President Barack Obama and Gen. David Petraeus , who has replaced Gen. Stanley McChrystal as the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , have said they would begin withdrawal in July 2011 depending on conditions on the ground . Appearing on ABC 's "  This Week , " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , questioned the wisdom of a firm deadline to start withdrawing forces . "  I 'm all for dates for withdrawal , but that 's after the strategy succeeds , not before , " said McCain , the Republican presidential candidate in 2008 who was in Afghanistan for the Fourth of July weekend . For now , McCain described the strategy as one that has n't gone as well as hoped . "  The president should state unequivocally that we will leave when we have succeeded , " he said . "  If you tell the enemy that you 're leaving on a date certain , unequivocally , then that enemy will wait until you leave . " McCain 's GOP colleague , Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , echoed those thoughts in a separate interview from Afghanistan broadcast on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " "  If you send a signal to your enemy you 're going to leave at a certain date , they 'll wait you out , " Graham said . However , he expressed optimism that the counterinsurgency strategy now being led by Petraeus can show progress in turning over security to Afghan forces in some areas by July 2011 . "  I do believe next summer we can have transition in certain parts of Afghanistan , " Graham said . "  Other parts will still need fighting and a firm commitment . " Overall , Graham said , he found morale on the ground "  pretty good " as Petraeus assumed command of the mission . His trip coincides with the visit to Afghanistan by Vice President Joe Biden , and Graham said Biden had assured him that any withdrawal of U.S. forces from the country would be "  conditions-based " instead of launched purely for the sake of getting out without consideration for the status of the mission . Graham joined McCain in urging Obama to clarify the conditions-based approach so that the nation 's allies and enemies understand the U.S. commitment to the war . Last week , some Democrats in Congress supported an amendment to a military spending bill that would have required Obama to give Congress a new intelligence report on Afghanistan by January and a plan for withdrawing troops by April . If Obama fails to carry out his pledge to start bringing troops home by July 2011 , Congress would need to approve additional funding for the war , the amendment said . The measure failed in a late-night vote after the White House threatened to veto the bill if it contained the amendment , but the language showed some restlessness among Democrats about the war strategy .	NEW : Sen. Lindsey Graham : withdrawl should only begin when conditions warrant it Afghan and U.S. critics say troops should stay until success is assured Obama has said withdrawal would start in July 2011 Withdrawal also depends on situation on ground , Obama says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Two Iranian warships are expected to pass through the Suez Canal Wednesday night on their way to Syria , a move that Israel considers a "  provocation " and that sent oil prices soaring . The passage , which Iran said was part of a training mission , is "  something which has not happened in many years , " Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman said . "  This is a provocation that proves that the self-confidence and insolence of the Iranians is growing from day to day , " he said . "  This happens after the Iranian president 's visit to south Lebanon and his aggressive declarations there towards Israel . " The Israeli Defense Ministry said Israel was monitoring the movement of the Iranian ships and alerted its allies . Crude oil for delivery in March rose as much as 1.2 % to $ 85.95 a barrel , following the news . Brent crude , which is traded primarily overseas in Europe , rose as much as 2.1 % to $ 103.31 a barrel . Traders urged caution , saying the reports were still vague . "  The reports are sketchy at the moment , but the news of Iranian warships in the Suez did rally the market a bit , " said Andrew Lebow , a commodities broker with MF Global . "  The market is looking for more information but certainly we 're seeing some short covering on the reports . " The Suez Canal serves as a key passageway for international trade , allowing ships to navigate between Europe and Asia without having to go all the way around the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa . Millions of barrels of oil move through the Suez every day on the way to both Europe and North America . Iranian Navy officials have said the flotilla has embarked on a yearlong training mission that takes it to the Gulf of Aden to the Red Sea and through the Suez Canal into the Mediterranean Sea , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . During the mission , Iranian Navy cadets are due to be trained and prepared for defending the country 's cargo ships and oil tankers . Iranian Navy Cmdr. Rear Adm. Habibollah Sayyari said cadets would be trained to protect ships and tankers now under threat of attack from Somali pirates , Fars said . Part of the mission was also to gather intelligence . Sayyari said the ships were in the region in "  pursuit of a powerful  military  presence in the high seas and to consolidate our friendly ties and declare our message of peace and friendship to the regional countries . " Liberman urged Israel 's allies to pay attention . "  We expect the international community to act speedily with determination against the Iranian provocations , designed to deteriorate the situation in the area , and put the Iranians in their place , " he said . Liberman 's comments were not so much a threat but a wake-up call about a "  worrying development , " said a senior government official who was not identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media . The official said Liberman was "  painting it as a challenge to the West . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamim Netanyahu 's office offered no immediate comment . CNN 's Kevin Flower and journalist Ken Sweet contributed to this report	NEW : Oil prices soar after comments about provocation This "  has not happened in many years , " the Israeli foreign minister says Iran says the florilla is on a yearlong training and intelligence mission
Tyenna Valley , Tasmania  CNN  -- Like many I have been anxiously waiting the outcome of the Tasmanian "  forest peace talks . " But unlike most , I have done so 200 feet  60 meters  above the ground , perched at the top of an old growth tree whose fate depends upon them . A tree I climbed 10 months ago and vowed not to leave until the forests were protected . And then on Saturday the news hit -- the talks had collapsed . The two years of talks between environment groups , unions and industry representatives failed to find the resolution to bring the industry out of crisis and protect Tasmania 's high conservation value forests . No deal means clear-felling of old growth forests is set to continue . The tree that has been my home since December 14 last year is a part of 572,000 hectares at the center of the debate . Verified by scientific experts to be of world heritage value , it should have have been on its way to formal protection . And I should have been on my way out of this tree and into a long hot bath ! Unfortunately the forestry industry had other ideas , digging in its heels when it came to final crunch . Neither the science nor the economics seem to have won out . The Tasmanian forestry industry is in crisis and being propped up by tax payer funds . There are some who may want to put their heads in the sand , but we can not go on ignoring today 's market realities of a worldwide trend towards environmentally friendly products . From my tree top platform , I have Skyped my way around the globe , speaking to thousands of people . And the message is clear , people do n't want to buy furniture and flooring made from the destruction of endangered species habitat , community water catchments or globally significant carbon sinks . The failure of the talks has created uncertainty for the future of the forests here . And with it , uncertainty for me . With no end in sight , who knows how long it will be before I set foot on the ground again ? I have already become the Australian record holder for the longest time spent in a tree , after I reached 209 days back in July this year . I hope , for the sake of the forests , that I will not need to break the world record held by Julia Butterfly Hill , who sat for two years in a Californian Redwood . ` Himalayan Viagra ' takes its toll on Nepal 's environment In the upper branches of this 400-year-old tree I have endured high wind , snow , hail and extreme conditions . It 's been a tough winter , that 's for sure . And the weather is n't the only challenge . Living on a three meter platform suspended in the tree tops adds difficulty to every daily task that I once took for granted . No turning on the tap for hot water or going to the shops if you run out of milk ! I have to bathe in a small bucket . And I haul up everything I need on a long rope , relying on support from the community for donations of food and supplies . Luckily support has flooded in , from all walks of life , locally and internationally . The many people who visit the base of the tree to say thank you have been overwhelmingly inspirational . And it has helped me get through what is the hardest part of this experience -- the loneliness of being separated from my loved ones . Yet , no matter how challenging , there are constantly moments when I am awe-struck by the beauty of this forest . The coating of snow across the forest in winter , the star speckled skies of summer nights or watching endangered wedge-tailed eagles soar in the skies above . I have watched the seasons come and go . And with it , new life in the forest . Conservationists placed hidden cameras in the forest below , capturing footage of a mother Tasmanian Devil , the day before logging began . This iconic Australian species is listed as endangered in both federal and state legislation . Luckily , the media spotlight from my action had the loggers packing up and leaving after a week , giving these young devils a chance of survival . In February 2012 , to our delight , footage was taken of the juvenile devils exploring the world . Sadly , with the collapse of the talks , logging of their habitat could begin again any day now . Autumn color around the world Many people ask my why I am willing to sacrifice everything in my life , give up my chance to spend time with family and friends , and put my career as a high school teacher on hold , in order to sit in a tree . But when I look around me at this unique and irreplaceable ecosystem the answer is simple : I sit in this tree because from here I believe it is possible to save this forest once and for all . Of course , it takes more than one woman perched 60 meters above the ground ; it takes an international community . And I have been able to share my story with the world , powered by solar panels and blogging about my tree top life . I hope my action will be a catalyst , inspiring others to say no to wood products that come from unsustainable forestry practices . And say yes to the protection of the world 's globally significant forests . Despite the cloud of uncertainty that now looms over the future of these forests , I am one hundred percent committed to staying in this tree for as long as it takes to see this forest receive the protection it deserves . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Miranda Gibson .	Activist Miranda Gibson wants to protect 572,000 hectares of old-growth forest Talks between environmentalists and loggers have broken down Vows to live in the 400-year-old tree until a deal is reached
Washington  CNN  -- The following is the prepared transcript of House Speaker John Boehner 's speech Monday night on debt reduction talks : Good evening . I 'm John Boehner . I serve as Speaker of the whole House -- of the members of both parties that you elect . These are difficult times in the life of our nation . Millions are looking for work , have been for some time , and the spending binge going on in Washington is a big part of the reason why . Before I served in Congress , I ran a small business in Ohio . I was amazed at how different Washington DC operated than every business in America . Where most American business make the hard choices to pay their bills and live within their means , in Washington more spending and more debt is business as usual . I 've got news for Washington -- those days are over . President Obama came to Congress in January and requested business as usual -- yet another routine increase in the national debt limit -- we in the House said "  not so fast . " Here was the president , asking for the largest debt increase in American history , on the heels of the largest spending binge in American history . Obama 's speech : Compromise needed now Here 's what we got for that spending binge : a massive health care bill that most Americans never asked for . A "  stimulus " bill that was more effective in producing material for late-night comedians than it was in producing jobs . And a national debt that has gotten so out of hand it has sparked a crisis without precedent in my lifetime or yours . The United States can not default on its debt obligations . The jobs and savings of too many Americans are at stake . What we told the president in January was this : the American people will not accept an increase in the debt limit without significant spending cuts and reforms . And over the last six months , we 've done our best to convince the president to partner with us to do something dramatic to change the fiscal trajectory of our country ... something that will boost confidence in our economy , renew a measure of faith in our government , and help small businesses get back on track . Last week , the House passed such a plan , and with bipartisan support . It 's called the "  Cut , Cap , and Balance " Act . It CUTS and CAPS government spending and paves the way for a Balanced Budget Amendment to the Constitution , which we believe is the best way to stop Washington from spending money it does n't have . Before we even passed the bill in the House , the president said he would veto it . I want you to know I made a sincere effort to work with the president to identify a path forward that would implement the principles of Cut , Cap , & Balance in a manner that could secure bipartisan support and be signed into law . I gave it my all . Unfortunately , the president would not take yes for an answer . Even when we thought we might be close on an agreement , the president 's demands changed . The president has often said we need a "  balanced " approach -- which in Washington means : we spend more ... you pay more . Having run a small business , I know those tax increases will destroy jobs . The president is adamant that we can not make fundamental changes to our entitlement programs . As the father of two daughters , I know these programs wo n't be there for them and their kids unless significant action is taken now . The sad truth is that the president wanted a blank check six months ago , and he wants a blank check today . That is just not going to happen . You see , there is no stalemate in Congress . The House has passed a bill to raise the debt limit with bipartisan support . And this week , while the Senate is struggling to pass a bill filled with phony accounting and Washington gimmicks , we will pass another bill -- one that was developed with the support of the bipartisan leadership of the U.S. Senate . Obviously , I expect that bill can and will pass the Senate , and be sent to the President for his signature . If the President signs it , the ` crisis ' atmosphere he has created will simply disappear . The debt limit will be raised . Spending will be cut by more than one trillion dollars , and a serious , bipartisan committee of the Congress will begin the hard but necessary work of dealing with the tough challenges our nation faces . The individuals doing this work will not be outsiders , but elected representatives of the people , doing the job they were elected to do as outlined in the Constitution . Those decisions should be made based on how they will affect people who are struggling to get a job , not how they affect some politician 's chances of getting re-elected . This debate is n't about President Obama and House Republicans ... it is n't about Congress and the White House ... it 's about what 's standing between the American people and the future we seek for ourselves and our families . You know , I 've always believed , the bigger government , the smaller the people . And right now , we have a government so big and so expensive it 's sapping the drive of our people and keeping our economy from running at full capacity . The solution to this crisis is not complicated : if you 're spending more money than you 're taking in , you need to spend less of it . There is no symptom of big government more menacing than our debt . Break its grip , and we begin to liberate our economy and our future . We are up to the task , and I hope President Obama will join us in this work . God bless you and your families , and God bless America .	Washington 's days of spending and piling up debts are over , Boehner said Boehner : Country did n't get much good out of President Obama 's spending binge House will pass a bill this week that can and will get through the Senate , Boehner said
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Amid reports that pro-government forces have withdrawn from the besieged Libyan port city of Misrata , at least 16 people were killed and 71 were wounded there Sunday , a doctor at a local hospital said early Monday . An eyewitness said pro-Gadhafi forces randomly and extensively shelled the city Sunday . The witness asked that his name not be used because of fears for his security . "  There are explosions every five minutes , " the witness said . The doctor , who also asked that his name not be used because of fears for his safety , said NATO fighter jets had begun hitting targets in Misrata early Monday . The witness said he feels safe every time he hears the NATO jets overhead , because whenever they 're not present , pro-Gadhafi forces shell the city . Also early Monday , loud explosions and jets were heard in the capital , Tripoli . Anti-aircraft fire was both seen and heard . A banner on Libyan state television cited a military source saying that the "  crusaders ' airstrikes " were targeting both civilian and military targets , resulting in casualties and damage . Earlier , a source in Misrata described clashes with remnants of pro-government forces . The source declined to be named because of fear of reprisal . A Libyan government spokesman explained the army came under rebel attack as it withdrew from Misrata , and so the army simply fought back as it continued withdrawing . "  Our army will always attack back if it is attacked , " said the spokesman , Musa Ibrahim . "  We can not just ask them to die and not fight back . " Ibrahim said the army 's withdrawal was continuing . Misrata , a rebel stronghold in western Libya , has been the scene of some of the most prolonged fighting in the current conflict . Rebels "  liberated " the main market in the city and the central hospital , the local resident said , but the city remained unsafe and not under complete rebel control . Ibrahim said tribal chiefs are moving to Misrata 's outskirts and negotiating peace with the rebels and city inhabitants , but an opposition leader denied those claims . "  There are no tribes and there are no negotiations . It 's only Libyan people fighting against Gadhafi 's forces , " said Col. Ahmad Bani , a rebel military spokesman . Ruler Moammar Gadhafi is "  lying to say to the world that he 's looking to find a solution , " Bani said . "  These are Gadhafi dreams and they will never happen . " The regime had earlier said it was calling on the tribes to deal with the rebels in Misrata , whether by negotiation or force . Ibrahim said the tribes are armed and "  prepared to defend their land . " He said , "  The rebels have two options : either to escape the country and leave Misrata and go somewhere else , or to give up their arms . And as we have promised before , a general pardon will be issued for everyone . " The rebels , under the umbrella of the Transitional National Council , received a pledge Sunday from Kuwait for about $ 180 million . The announcement came during council chief Mustafa Abdel Jalil 's visit to Kuwait , Kuwaiti state-run television reported . Ibrahim responded to that report by questioning why Kuwait was seeking to help one side rather than seeking to resolve the conflict . "  We know that some countries are not interested in Libyan peace , democracy , and the future of this country , " Ibrahim said . "  Why is it that some governments jump on the opportunity to make the Libyan crisis even worse ... instead of helping all parties establish peace ? " Hundreds have been killed in the battle for Misrata , under a bloody siege from Gadhafi 's forces for seven weeks . It is the scene of some of the deadliest battles of the war as the rebels attempt to oust Gadhafi , who has been in power for 42 years . Human Rights Watch has said Gadhafi was using internationally banned cluster bombs and other lethal munitions indiscriminately to kill civilians . The United States conducted its first Predator drone airstrikes Saturday afternoon , Pentagon spokesman Navy Capt. Darryn James said . Keeping with U.S. practice not to comment on drone strikes , the Pentagon offered no other information . CNN 's Kamal Ghattas , Kareem Khadder , Hamdi Alkshali , Reza Sayah , Saad Abedine , Frederik Pleitgen and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Loud explosions are heard in Tripoli on Monday A Misrata doctor says 16 people were killed and 71 wounded Sunday A witness says pro-Gadhafi forces extensively shelled Misrata The doctor says NATO jets started firing on Misrata early Monday
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A judicial council on Thursday admonished the chief judge of the nation 's largest federal appeals court for having "  sexually explicit photos and videos " on his personal Web site , but decided against any further punishment . The panel chose not to discipline Judge Alex Kozinski beyond the admonishment . Judge Alex Kozinski , 58 , of the San Francisco , California-based 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals previously apologized and had recommended an investigation because of the public controversy over the material . A panel of judges assigned to investigate concluded Kozinski 's "  possession of sexually explicit offensive material combined with his carelessness in failing to safeguard his sphere of privacy was judicially imprudent . " His actions , the panel wrote , "  can reasonably be seen as having resulted in embarrassment to the institution of the federal judiciary . " But Kozinski was not disciplined because he had removed himself from an ongoing obscenity trial when news broke of the visual material on alex.kozinski.com , which the judge launched in 2002 , according to the 41-page opinion issued by the judicial council . According to the council 's written opinion , the material included a photograph of naked women painted like dairy cows , a woman shaving her pubic hair , and a video of a half-dressed man "  cavorting with a sexually aroused farm animal . " Kozinski testified to a judicial conduct panel that much of the material was "  like odd things that I 've thrown into a room without looking at them . " He said some of the files were e-mailed by friends , much of which he did not bother to view . He admitted storing some of the sexually explicit photos , but said , "  I do n't know why I kept them . " The judge also said he never considered his site public and thought he had blocked access to the subcategory file in question , which was labeled "  stuff . " There was no immediate reaction from Kozinski or his lawyer to the panel 's admonishment . Kozinski had earlier apologized to the investigative panel for his "  unfortunate carelessness . " "  I have caused embarrassment to the federal judiciary , " he said . "  And thus whatever shame was cast on me personally , it reflected on my colleagues and our system of justice as well . " The controversy erupted when Kozinski was about to serve as a trial judge -- separate from his work on the higher appeal court -- in a 2008 obscenity prosecution of adult film producer Ira Isaacs . Kozinski recused himself when the Los Angeles TImes published a story about the Web site material , and he later asked for a probe into the incident . The Isaacs case has not gone to trial , but is on appeal over pending motions at the 9th Circuit . Kozinski is not expected to take part in the matter . Kozinski is one of the most colorful and outspoken members of the federal bench . Born in Communist Romania , he emigrated to the United States at age 12 and still speaks with an Eastern European accent . His parents were Holocaust survivors . He was named to his current seat in 1985 by President Reagan , and he was the youngest federal appeals judge in the nation at the time . A mainstream Jewish conservative with libertarian views on free speech , the judge is admired for his writing skills , intellectual curiosity and sense of humor . He is also one of the few federal judges who will do press interviews , speaking with CNN on several occasions about a variety of topics . He also wrote an online "  diary " for Slate.com a few years ago . He is especially outspoken in oral arguments on his appeals court , and his detractors say he tends to dominate the questioning , often to the dismay of his fellow judges .	Alex Kozinski is chief judge of the 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals Items on judge 's Web site included photos of naked women painted like dairy cows Judicial council says his actions embarrassed federal judiciary Kozinski has apologized for his "  unfortunate carelessness "
CNN  -- At the age of 47 , boxing legend Evander Holyfield is still hoping to become the world heavyweight champion for a record fifth time . The American , who famously defeated Mike Tyson in 1996 to win the WBA title before having part of his ear bitten off in the rematch , extended his illustrious career into a fourth decade when he beat fellow veteran Francois Botha in Las Vegas to claim the little-regarded WBF crown . While current WBA champion David Haye of Britain is expected to face one of the title-holding Klitschko brothers -- IBF/WBO king Wladimir or WBC champion Vitali -- in his next fight , Holyfield has staked his claim to be considered as a future challenger . "  I 'm going to be the undisputed world heavyweight champion , " he told reporters after beating his 41-year-old South African opponent , who lost on points in his second defense of the title in front of a small crowd of about 3,000 people on Saturday night . Holyfield 's last bid at a recognized heavyweight title saw him defeated on points by giant Russian Nikolai Valuev in a WBA bout in 2008 . "  I 've been telling people since 1992 when I lost to Riddick Bowe that I was going to be undisputed heavyweight champion of the world . I won two but not the third , " he said . "  Botha gave me an opportunity . People talk about my legacy . It 's about who you 've fought . They ca n't deny me -- I fight the best . I always want to fight somebody to get a little credit if I beat them . " Holyfield , an Olympic bronze medallist who won his first professional fight in 1984 , said that he would ignore critics who said he was too old to be taken seriously . "  This is a new era and I did n't think I 'd be in it , " he said . "  I was laughing a little when I fought George Foreman -LSB- in 1991 -RSB- . He was 42 and I was 29 . I really did n't want to fight him . "  He did n't beat me but he did become world champion again . What I learned from that fight was George said it was n't about age but that I will give my all . "  You ca n't let people tell you what you can do . I fight because I want to . I would n't be the person I am without opportunities . " British fighter Audley Harrison , the 2000 Olympic champion , also added his name to the list of possible contenders after knocking out Michael Sprott on Friday to win the vacant European title . The 38-year-old , who said he would retire if he did not avenge his career-damaging 2007 defeat by Sprott , was behind on points before winning with a final-round stoppage .	Evander Holyfield extends his illustrious career into a fourth decade with Las Vegas victory The 47-year-old wins minor WBF heavyweight title , beating Francois Botha , 41 American says he still hopes to be undisputed world heavyweight champion Britain 's WBA titleholder David Haye expected to take on one of Klitschko brothers
CNN  -- Roger Federer made it five straight wins in a row as he reached the semifinals of the French Open Tuesday at the expense of home favorite Gael Monfils . The third seed clinched a 6-4 6-3 7-6 victory on his third match point after two hours and 34 minutes on Court Philippe Chatrier . It set up a mouthwatering semifinal clash with second seed Novak Djokovic , who received a quarterfinal bye when his Italian opponent Fabio Fognini pulled out with a thigh muscle injury . 16-time grand slam champion Federer has enjoyed an untroubled passage to his sixth French Open semifinal at Roland Garros and apart from falling an early break of service down was rarely extended by Monfils . Federer recovered to level before clinching the opener and quickly broke twice to take command in the second . Monfils retrieved one of the breaks but Federer served out at 5-3 to take a comfortable two-set lead . Monfils had won their last meeting but never looked capable of repeating the feat despite offering stiff resistance in the third set where he hit back to level after falling behind again . But in the tiebreak Federer raced into a big lead to secure five match points and wrapped it up with a forehand down the line . A far stiffer test awaits the Swiss ace Friday with Djokovic unbeaten this year and set to be crowned as new world number one if he can beat Federer . "  Playing a semi-final here at Roland Garros is a great moment and playing such a great player is what we train for , " Federer said in a court side interview after beating Monfils . In other men 's action Tuesday , Britain 's Andy Murray conjured up another recovery act to beat Victor Troicki of Serbia to earn his place in the quarterfinals . The match was held over from Monday night at two sets all and fourth seed Murray fell 5-2 down in the decider before mounting a stirring recovery . He eventually closed out a 4-6 4-6 6-3 6-2 7-5 victory and will next play Argentina 's Juan Ignacio Chela . Murray beat him at Roland Garros in both 2009 and 2010 but has been battling an ankle sprain from an earlier match . "  The problem is if you go over on the ankle again , " Murray told AFP . "  That 's the danger because obviously it 's weak just now ... It 's one thing I have to be careful with . Going over on it again would be an issue . " Top seed Rafael Nadal plays Robin Soderling in the other quarterfinal match Wednesday .	Roger Federer earns semifinal clash against Novak Djokovic at French Open Federer beats home favorite Gael Monfils in straight sets while Djokovic had bye Andy Murray beats Victor Troicki to reach last eight at Roland Garros
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- The Kurdish bloc in the Iraqi parliament intends to boycott the vote on a proposed election law if the oil-rich province of Kirkuk is banned from voting in next year 's national elections , two Kurdish lawmakers said . A vote may be held Thursday on a proposal that would govern the elections , now set for January 16 , legislators Mahmoud Othman and Abdul Bari al-Zebari said on Wednesday . Kirkuk , north of Baghdad , was excluded from provincial elections last January . Kurds displaced under Saddam Hussein 's rule settled on land they say is rightfully theirs . However , Arab and Turkmen residents claim many more Kurds have moved into Kirkuk than were displaced , and that allowing them to vote would create an unfair advantage . Without the Kurdish lawmakers there will be no quorum , thereby blocking the vote , Sunni lawmaker Salim al-Jabouri , a member of the small Sunni political bloc , the Iraqi Front for National Dialogue , told CNN . Before conducting balloting next year , Iraq needs an election law that lays out basic rules . If one is not adopted , the government may have to either reschedule the election or rely on the law used in the 2005 national elections , officials say . Lawmakers failed to reach agreement on the issue a week ago . The other contentious election issue is that of open lists versus closed lists on ballots . Open lists would name candidates and their parties ; closed lists would name only parties . Existing law , used in the 2005 election , mandates a closed list . President Jalal Talabani , Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and other political leaders -- members of the Political Council for National Security -- reached a tentative agreement on the draft bill Tuesday evening . Talabani 's office released no details on the content . The constitutional deadline for the elections is January 31 . The election commission needs at least 90 days after passage of the law to carry out elections , which U.S. and Iraqi government officials call a vital step in Iraqi efforts to solidify a democratic system in the post-Saddam Hussein era . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report	A boycott would lead to no quorum , blocking a vote , Sunni lawmaker says Kirkuk was excluded from provincial elections last January The issue of open lists versus closed lists on ballots is also contentious
CNN  -- Niagara Regional Police asked Friday for the public 's help in identifying the woman whose dismembered body was found in the Canadian portion of the Niagara River . The torso , which had no head or limbs , was spotted by citizens Wednesday and recovered near the Rainbow Bridge near Niagara Falls . "  It 's important to identify this person to bring closure to family members and to hold those responsible accountable for this crime , " Inspector Jim McCaffery told reporters . He gave details he hoped would help jog someone 's memory . The victim was a white woman , likely in her mid-20s to early 40s , said McCaffery . She had at least one cesarean section , her fallopian tubes were tied and her navel was pierced . The woman was the victim of a homicide , the inspector said . The body probably was in the water between four and 10 days . The cause of death has not been released . Niagara police are working with area police jurisdictions to identify any women who may be missing . So far , they are looking at about 20 cases , said McCaffery . Authorities have said the homicide was unrelated to another case where the body parts of a woman named Guang Hua Liu were found in several places . Her torso is still missing .	A body was found in Canada 's Niagara River on Wednesday The deceased was a homicide victim She is described as a white woman in her mid-20s to early 40s
CNN  -- On Thursday , Ohio executed Dennis McGuire by injecting him with midazolam and hydromorphone , a combination of drugs that has never before been used in an execution . Lawyers for McGuire contend that he will suffocate to death in agony and terror . The state disagrees . But the truth is that no one knows exactly how McGuire will die , how long it will take or what he will experience in the process . At a hearing on January 12 about the new execution procedure , the state 's expert , Dr. Mark Dershwitz , said , "  I truly do n't know how many minutes it will take the inmate to stop breathing , " and later , "  There is no science to guide me on exactly how long this is going to take . " This type of uncertainty is commonplace in executions today , as departments of correction scramble to find new drugs and new procedures to carry out executions in response to pharmaceutical companies taking steps to prevent the use of their products in executions . Legal expert Deborah Denno compared the states ' process of selecting an execution method to trying to figure out what to make for dinner . "  It 's like going to your kitchen cupboard trying to look for something to prepare for your next meal and just looking for anything , " she said . Many states have grappled with sourcing execution drugs , particularly pentobarbital . Increasingly , the states are turning to compounding pharmacies , which traditionally mix small batches of drugs to meet the specific needs of patients who require special formulations of their medicines .  Think of a child 's antibiotic that tastes like a bubblegum drink , or a pet 's medication formulated to taste like a meaty treat . When executions are carried out using compounded drugs transparency is lost , and even the most basic questions about the drugs to be used -- including where they come from , what they are made of and whether they will work as intended -- are shrouded in secrecy . Oklahoma 's Department of Corrections buys pentobarbital for executions from an unnamed compounding pharmacy . Missouri 's Department of Corrections also buys its pentobarbital from an unnamed compounding pharmacy in Oklahoma , and lawyers in Louisiana believe the state 's Department of Corrections intends to buy pentobarbital from an unnamed pharmacy in Oklahoma . Lawyers for Herbert Smulls , who is scheduled for execution on January 29 in Missouri , know that the pharmacy is not licensed to sell drugs in their state , but the lawyers and the courts are prevented from knowing any details about the product the pharmacy produces , including whether the raw ingredients come from a reputable producer or whether the finished product is pure , potent and sterile . Last week Michael Lee Wilson was executed in Oklahoma . Just after the compounded pentobarbital was administered to him , Wilson said , "  I feel my whole body burning . " Those were his last words . Is one pharmacy in Oklahoma supplying all three states without regard for state and federal laws that prohibit several of the actions it is taking ? Only the states can answer this question , and they are n't talking . This level of secrecy is unfortunately nothing new when it comes to lethal injection practices . In the past year , several states have passed new laws making information about execution drugs and their suppliers confidential . Meanwhile , states are changing their execution practices to include never-before-used drugs and compounded drugs with no public input or oversight . In other words , states are simultaneously turning to less reliable , more questionable drugs and taking steps to more stringently hide what they are doing . When corrections departments obtain execution drugs from compounding pharmacies , they are likely to violate state and federal laws - by asking the compounder to make "  copycat " versions of an FDA-approved drug , by obtaining the drugs without a prescription , or , conversely , by using a fraudulent prescription written by a doctor who is paid for the service but who has never met the prisoner . It 's not surprising , then , that the departments do n't want anyone to know what they are doing and refuse to reveal information about the drugs or the pharmacies where they get them , effectively preventing condemned prisoners from determining if the compounded pentobarbital is likely to cause unnecessary pain and suffering prior to causing death . There are too many unknowns in states ' current lethal injection practices . Novel drug combinations and compounded drugs present untoward risks of an unconstitutional execution and shield the general public from the truth of how the ultimate punishment is carried out in its name . This destructive cycle of secrecy around lethal injection practices must end . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elisabeth A. Semel .	On Thursday , Ohio will execute a man by using drugs never before used in lethal injection Elisabeth Semel : Lethal injection is bad enough , why shroud the process in secrecy ? She says we need more public input or oversight on states ' execution practices Semel : Condemned prisoners may suffer agonizing pain before death
CNN  -- Kids having sex on prime time broadcast TV ? Must be sweeps month . It 's so predictable , it 's almost laughable . Almost . That is , it would be if it were n't for the fact that there are real-world consequences for these brazen , ratings-boosting publicity ploys . Fox 's soapy , teen-targeted "  Glee " tried to boost sagging ratings this week by showing not one , but two teen couples having sex for the first time -- one gay , the other straight . Show co-creator Ryan Murphy and the folks over at "  Glee " are spinning this as a "  teachable moment " for teens and their parents , an opportunity for dialogue about safe sex and responsible choices . The problem is Ryan Murphy wants to have his cake and eat it , too . Hollywood loves to defend teen sex story lines by insisting , "  Kids are having sex ! We 're reflecting the real world ! " But the truth is much more sobering and complicated . Yes , there are and always have been sexually active teens , but never before have depictions of premarital teen sex been so widespread in the media . Today , you are more likely to see sexualized teens than adults in sexual situations . By presenting teen sex as common , the media marginalizes teens who choose to remain abstinent while increasing the pressure teens are already feeling to become sexually active . Television is a "  sexual super peer , " according to Jane Brown , a professor of journalism and mass communication at the University of North Carolina . The phrase "  peer pressure " is used to describe the influence a peer group can exert on a teen 's decisions . Television amplifies that peer pressure by making the entire realm of television , and all the characters in it , part of the teen 's peer group . When television portrays attractive , popular teenage characters as sexually active , it sends a powerful message to young viewers that there is an expectation that they , too , should be sexually active and , in fact , there might be something wrong with them , if they are n't . Teens are also aware that television influences their behavior . According to one survey , a third of youths age 12 and older say the media encourages them to have sex by making it seem like "  everybody does it . " And why should n't they get that impression ? Beyond making teen sex the norm , researchers have found heavy television viewing to be predictive of positive attitudes toward "  recreational " or casual sex and negative attitudes toward remaining a virgin . Studies have also found the more a teenager identifies with the characters they see on prime time TV shows , the more likely they are to be sexually experienced and to expect higher levels of sexual activity among their peers . At least half a dozen studies in the past few years have documented a strong correlation between exposure to adult media content as children and the early onset of sexual activity among teens . One study even found that viewing of sexual media content was predictive of teen pregnancy . If that is n't enough , why exactly do parents and teens need to sit down and watch a TV show that glamorizes teen sex in order to have a conversation about it ? Let 's hope most parents pass on Hollywood 's attempt to help them out with the visuals and simply have an honest conversation with their teenagers . If history is a predictor of future behavior , we can expect this trend to continue . A season or two into Murphy 's show "  Nip/Tuck " on the FX network , he was interviewed for a Bravo network documentary about breaking sexual taboos on television . Murphy stated , "  It 's tough to get that sexual point of view across on television . Hopefully I have made it possible for somebody on broadcast television to do a rear-entry scene in three years . Maybe that will be my legacy . " This , ladies and gentlemen , is the self-styled sex-ed teacher to America 's teens . The worst thing parents can do is step aside and let Hollywood do the teaching . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Henson .	This week 's "  Glee " showed two teen couples -- one straight , one gay -- having sex for first time Melissa Henson says young viewers could feel that they , too , should be sexually active Henson : Never before have depictions of premarital teen sex been so common in the media Worst thing parents can do is step aside and let Hollywood do the teaching , Henson says
CNN  -- By Friday , more than 70 million people had viewed "  KONY 2012 " or clips of it . Uganda was trending on Twitter and the blogosphere teemed with attacks and defenses of Invisible Children , the San Diego-based nonprofit group that produced the half-hour documentary about the notorious Ugandan warlord . Invisible Children aimed to make Joseph Kony a household name and drum up global support to end the murders , rapes , abuses and abductions committed by the Lord 's Resistance Army . But with the popularity of the video and kudos to the filmmakers for raising awareness of an African tragedy came a flurry of questions about Invisible Children 's intentions , its transparency and whether the social media frenzy was too little , too late . "  It is the right message but it 's 15 years too late , " said Col. Felix Kulayige , a Ugandan military spokesman . "  If people cared 15 years ago , then thousands of lives would have been saved and thousands of children would have stayed at home and not been kidnapped . " Evelyn Apoko , who was abducted by the LRA in 2001 and spent three harrowing years in captivity , said Kony needs to face justice and she hoped the documentary would help make that happen . But she worried that a military campaign against Kony might bring more injury to children who have suffered enough and that government forces need to adopt strict policies to ensure the safety of the abducted children . Apoko was severely disfigured in a military bombing targeting the LRA . "  It hurts a lot of young innocent kids , " she said . "  They do n't know how to protect themselves . " Now a fellow for Strongheart , an international organization that provides opportunities for young people who have survived conflict , Apoko said the crisis goes beyond Kony . "  They should open their eyes more on the people affected by the war , " she said . "  And the children -- they need to find a way to protect them . They have no hope , no way to escape . " Kony has unleashed his fury in eastern Africa for two decades and is wanted for crimes against humanity by the International criminal Court . Last October , the United States sent 100 combat-equipped troops on a mission to kill or capture Kony . Invisible Children says it wants Kony 's name to become so familiar that it will pressure the United States and other governments to stay on the chase . On April 20 , the group plans to paper cities with Kony posters . But the media attention on Kony may actually hamper efforts to catch Kony , said Peter Pham of the Atlantic Council . "  All I can say is , it could n't have happened at a more unhelpful moment when you look at it strategically and operationally , " said Pham , a civilian adviser to the military command that sent the U.S. troops . The film comes after a regional -- and covert -- military operation has been under way for several months . The attention could prompt Kony to go on the move again and seriously set back African and U.S. efforts to catch Kony once and for all . The LRA terrorized Uganda for years in a failed attempt to overthrow the government . But since 2006 , when it was pushed out of northern Uganda , it has largely operated the Democratic Republic of Congo and Central African Republic . The United Nations refugee agency said this week that 3,000 people were recently displaced after fresh LRA attacks in Congo 's Orientale province . The agency reported 20 new attacks since the start of the year , with one person killed and 17 abducted . The cultish rebel group stands accused of using vicious tactics to recruit and force thousands of children into taking up arms . There are reports of child soldiers brainwashed into killing their own parents . The film follows an alleged former Ugandan child soldier and calls for action against Kony . But several observers are urging caution , saying that Invisible Children has manipulated facts in the past and advised viewers to watch the documentary with that in mind . Others warned that calling for military campaigns against Kony would only bring more harm to the LRA 's victims . A student blog called "  Visible Children " linked to a photograph of Invisible Children 's founders -- Bobby Bailey , Laren Poole , and Jason Russell -- posing with hardcore weaponry with members of the Sudan People 's Liberation Army , who have battled the LRA . "  The group is in favor of direct military intervention , and their money supports the Ugandan government 's army and various other military forces , " the Visible Children blog post said . "  Both the Ugandan army and Sudan People 's Liberation Army are riddled with accusations of rape and looting , but Invisible Children defends them . " Bloggers debated the merit of arming one group to fight another and questioned why only about 30 % of Invisible Children 's budget was used to help children in Uganda . "  We 're an unorthodox organization , " Russell told CNN . "  We work outside of the traditional box of what you think about charity and nonprofit . " He said a third of fund-raising dollars were spent on the film , another third on film-related advocacy and the rest on a mission to end the war and rehabilitate war-affected children . "  So that 's our model , " he said . "  That 's who we are . We 're not World Vision . We are not these other organizations that do amazing work on the ground . If you want to fund a cow or you want to help someone in a village in that component , you can do that . That 's a third of what we do . " On its website , Invisible Children said it spent 80.46 % on programs in 2011 ; 16.24 % on administration and management costs ; and 3.22 % on direct fundraising . Invisible Children spokeswoman Noelle Jouglet said any money generated from the film will go to Invisible Children , which builds schools in Uganda . Money will also go to support a high-frequency radio station that Invisible Children operates , which broadcasts anti-LRA messages to fighters urging them to defect . CNN is unable to immediately verify this information or any of Invisible Children 's activities in African nations . Actress Mia Farrow , a goodwill ambassador for UNICEF who has visited LRA-attacked areas , commended Invisible Children for bringing "  unprecedented focus " to a horrific situation but urged people to donate money to agencies like the Red Cross and UNICEF that work to help LRA victims . Ugandan government spokesman Fred Opolot said Invisible Children 's campaign reflected Africa as a dark continent of incessant trouble . "  Invisible Children , if it is using such images to dupe the international community into , into ensuring that they contribute financially into its works , I 'm afraid to say it is a wrong approach , " he said , "  and indeed its activities in northern Uganda will be further questioned , in as far as the amount of money they receive vis-a-vis the actual interventions that they make in northern Uganda where he thinks he is concerned about . " "  KONY 2012 " skyrocketed to popularity on YouTube propelled by thousands of posts on Twitter and Facebook , especially by celebrities . Invisible Children sent Twitter messages about the documentary to 20 celebrities , including Bono , Angelina Jolie , Jay Z , Ryan Seacrest and Rihanna . Many of the tweets about the film appear to be from fans who follow those celebrities . "  The celebrity strategy is simply , you have a voice , " Russell said . "  Some people have a larger voice than others . We 're not obsessed with celebrities . We 're not celebrities ourselves . We 're human beings . That is what this is about . " Over the past decade , Invisible Children has been one of the most influential advocacy groups , putting pressure on the George W. Bush and Obama administrations , imploring the U.S. government to take a side in the fight between the LRA and the Ugandan government , according to a November 11 article in Foreign Affairs , a publication by the nonpartisan Council on Foreign Relations . It said Invisible Children and other advocacy groups "  have manipulated facts for strategic purposes , exaggerating the scale of LRA abductions and murders and emphasizing the LRA 's use of innocent children as soldiers . " "  They rarely refer to the Ugandan atrocities or those of Sudan 's People 's Liberation Army , such as attacks against civilians or looting of civilian homes and businesses , or the complicated regional politics fueling the conflict . " Invisible Children addressed the criticisms on its website , saying it simplified a complex crisis . "  KONY 2012 portrays , in no uncertain terms , the image of a madman who manipulates children spiritually for his own tactical gains , " it said . "  In our quest to garner wide public support of nuanced policy , Invisible Children has sought to explain the conflict in an easily understandable format , focusing on the core attributes of LRA leadership that infringe upon the most basic of human rights . In a 30-minute film , however , many nuances of the 26-year conflict are admittedly lost or overlooked . The film is a first entry point to this conflict for many . " Richard Downie , a fellow and deputy director of the Africa Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , took issue with an approach he said was focused on the white Westerner 's ability to parachute in and resolve a problem that Africans are unable to deal with themselves . "  I think by portraying Westerners as the only people who can crack this problem of Joseph Kony -- it 's simplistic , it 's naive , and it 's a little bit condescending as well , " he said . Criticism aside , "  KONY 2012 " is turning out to be the fastest growing social media video campaign , according to Visible Measures , a company that tracks measures online movements . For perspective , the firm 's blog compared "  KONY 2012 " to former video champ Susan Boyle , who has 480 million views . "  It took Boyle six days to reach 70 million views . Kony is tracking a day faster . Even the Old Spice Guy ca n't keep up . His legendary Responses campaign generated 35 million views in its first week , but it did n't top 70 million views until Christmas 2010 , five months after it launched , " Visible Measures said . "  Crazy , " said Russell of the video going viral . He 's hoping for a billion views . CNN 's David McKenzie , Libby Lewis , Brian Todd and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	70 million people have viewed ` KONY 2012 ' But questions surface about the anti-LRA campaign and the nonprofit behind it A Ugandan military spokesman says the video is 15 years too late Invisible Children admits it simplified a complex issue
CNN  -- The Maracana suffered its second fan ` invasion ' in the space of four days as Chilean fans tried to storm the stadium ahead of their team 's key World Cup group game against Spain . Fans without tickets tried to force entry into the stadium , breaking fences and overrunning security , while also damaging the media center . "  They did not make it to the seats , " said a FIFA statement Wednesday . "  The situation was brought under control quickly and at least 85 intruders were detained by the military police of Rio de Janeiro . "  The organizers of the 2014 FIFA World Cup condemn these acts of violence . We 'll communicate further information and measures to be taken in due course . " CNN anchor Alex Thomas posted pictures on Instagram of a shattered glass door as well as damage to the media center . On Sunday , Argentina fans , both with and without tickets , invaded Gate D of the Maracana stadium ahead of their team 's 2-1 World Cup win over Bosnia-Herzegovina in Group F . An O Globo video showed fans in Argentina shirts climbing a wall and running through an open gate before stadium staff were able to close it . "  Nine Argentinian supporters were put into custody by the public authorities , " FIFA told CNN . Chile won the Group B game 2-0 dumping world champions Spain out the finals . The Maracana stadium will host the World Cup final on July 13 .	Chilean fans try to storm Maracana stadium ahead of game against Spain FIFA say 85 intruders detained by miltiary police Argentina fans invaded Maracana on Sunday Maracana stadium will host the World Cup final on July 13
CNN  -- A judge on Thursday denied a request for President Barack Obama to testify at a court martial for a U.S. Army flight surgeon who refused to deploy to Afghanistan until he saw proof that Obama was born in the United States . The judge , Army Col. Denise Lind , said any evidence or witnesses related to Obama 's citizenship is irrelevant to the charges against Lt. Col. Terrence Lakin , who has 17 years of service in the U.S. military . After failing to deploy with his unit in April , Lakin was charged with missing a movement , disobeying a lawful order and dereliction of duty . The Uniform Code of Military Justice says the maximum punishment for both offenses -- missing his plane and disobeying lawful orders -- is a dishonorable discharge and up to two years in confinement . A guilty verdict could also result in forfeiture of Lakin 's pay , which totals $ 7,959 a month , according to a charge sheet provided by a group sponsoring his defense . Lakin 's lawyers argued that all military orders stem from the commander-in-chief . Without evidence that Obama is eligible to be president , they say , the doctor 's deployment order was illegal . In addition to putting Obama on their witness list , Lakin 's lawyers had asked Lind to order Obama 's official birth records from Hawaii be brought to court for trial . "  If the president is ineligible , you need to know that , " Lakin 's civilian attorney , Paul Jensen , told Lind . "  Col. Lakin needs to know that , the government needs to know that , America needs to know that . " The prosecutors in the case argued that Obama 's eligibility is not relevant because the officers who ordered Lakin to go to Fort Campbell and then ordered him to answer questions about why he did n't go were his proper superiors in the military chain of command , and they gave him legal orders . Jensen later conceded that point . The judge ruled that the matter of Obama 's eligibility is not relevant because he did not give any orders in the case . She pointed out that while the president is commander-in-chief of the military , it is Congress that is constitutionally empowered to raise armies , pay them and equip them . Any contention that any orders are invalid if the president is ineligible "  is erroneous , " the judge said . Lind also said that military law says that a soldier 's personal beliefs or convictions are not sufficient to allow that soldier to determine that an order is illegal . The soldier has to have "  no rational doubt " that the order is illegal before he or she can ignore it . Finally she ruled that a military court martial is not the forum in which to determine a president 's eligibility , because the Constitution says only Congress has the power to impeach and remove the president . Afterward , Jensen said he respected the judge 's ruling , but called it distressing . "  It completely deprives us of any opportunity to present a defense in this case , " Jensen said . The court martial is set to begin in October , but Jensen said he 's not giving up on the matter of Obama 's eligibility . "  We will be giving the Army Court of Criminal Appeals in the next week or two the opportunity to take up the issue , and we are going to fight on for justice to be served in this case . " Lakin is among 27 percent of Americans who doubt or deny that Obama is American-born , according to a recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll . They compose the birther movement , which demands that Obama present a birth certificate signed by the doctor who delivered him in 1961 . CNN and other news organizations have thoroughly debunked the rumors about the president 's birthplace . The Obama campaign released a copy of a birth record issued by the state in 2007 , called a "  certification of live birth , " and allowed reporters to examine the document in person in 2008 . Last year , Hawaiian state officials issued a statement that they had personally viewed the president 's original Hawaiian birth record , called a "  certificate of live birth , " and verified it to be authentic . State law bars the release of the original certificate . In addition , two Hawaiian newspapers ran notices in 1961 announcing Obama 's birth in the state . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this report	Judge says Obama gave no orders Defense attorney says he will appeal Judge nixes president as a witness in court martial Flight surgeon says Obama has not proved his citizenship , and orders to deploy are illegal
CNN  -- In a picture posted on Facebook , a man in a white shirt holds his daughter in his arms . She holds an Israeli flag . The caption reads : "  Iranians we will never bomb your country . We ♥ you . " A response on the same page : An Iranian tells the story of being forced to walk over an Israeli flag every day when entering his school . Years of being taught to hate the Israeli flag had an effect , he says . But "  after seeing your daughter holding the flag , I do not feel that way anymore , and I am so happy . Now : I love that blue , I love that star , I love that flag . " The man in the white shirt is Israeli graphic designer Ronny Edry . With his wife , Michal Tamir , and their students at a small graphic design school , they 've started an Internet meme . And slowly , but steadily , Israelis are expressing their hopes for peace , and Iranians are responding in kind . While it 's surprising and moving to see these unfamiliar images , it 's also tempting to dismiss Edry 's project as the latest example of "  slacktivism , " activism that 's as simple as a mouse click , with little or no effect in the real world . After all , it 's probably unrealistic to believe that Invisible Children 's "  Kony 2012 " online campaign , viewed by more than one hundred million people on YouTube , will bring a Ugandan warlord to justice . So it 's at least as unrealistic to believe that Israeli and Iranian leaders , both playing to their political bases with threats of war , will be swayed by these images . That casual dismissal may be too simple and too cynical . One of the more unexpected outcomes of Invisible Children 's campaign to bring Joseph Kony to justice was the response of Ugandans via social media . Upset that the Kony 2012 video misrepresented the situation in her country , Ugandan blogger and journalist Rosabell Kagumire posted her own video to YouTube . And 500,000 views later , she found herself appearing on CNN , explaining the importance of focusing on the path toward stability in northern Uganda and not on arresting a single warlord . Kagumire felt that Invisible Children did n't represent her voice and used social media to make herself heard . Edry , and the participants in Israel ♥ Iran , are making the point that their governments do n't speak on their behalf when they threaten war . Through social media , they can challenge an official narrative and make clear that neither Israel nor Iran is a monolith . It 's worth noting that while most of the Israeli images feature photos of people looking into the camera , few Iranian images do . One features a black and white photo of an Iranian diplomat who rescued 4,000 French Jews from the Holocaust . Another showcases a Jewish shrine in Iran . Iranians know that expressing solidarity with Israelis online could lead to harassment or arrest and are finding ways to reach out -- often making clear that their sympathies are with "  the Israeli people " instead of the state of Israel -- without putting themselves at undue risk . Will an effort like Israel ♥ Iran force either the Netanyahu or Ahmedinejad government to listen to the voices of dissenting citizens ? No . Will it complicate the dialogue occurring in each country ? Perhaps . It offers evidence that not all Israeli citizens see Iran as an implacable enemy , and it replaces the faces of leaders with the faces of ordinary people . A path toward war for Israel involves seeing Ahmedinejad as a madman ; a path toward peace starts with seeing Israelis and Iranians as real people . What do movements such as Israel ♥ Iran mean for governments and their diplomats ? It 's harder to speak for a nation when citizens of that nation can demand publicly to speak for themselves . Corporations struggle to respond to customers who complain about poor service on their Facebook pages and Twitter feeds . Nonprofit organizations such as Invisible Children find themselves confronting online criticism from the people they claim to represent . Diplomats may find themselves one voice of many , complemented and contradicted by the voices of citizen diplomats such as Edry and Tamir . Expecting a series of images on the Internet to change the path of the Israeli-Iranian relationship is too much weight to put onto a simple gesture . But it 's a worthy hope , and Israel ♥ Iran is a sign of things to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ethan Zuckerman .	Ethan Zuckerman : Israelis ' Facebook page reaching out to Iran drew big response He says it 's tempting to dismiss impact , but social media efforts produce unexpected outcomes He says one effect is replacing faces of leaders in conflict with faces of ordinary human beings Zuckerman : Social media lets citizens bypass leaders , speak for themselves
CNN  -- Three siblings caught after allegedly firing at Colorado police during a high-speed chase appeared in court Monday , facing a ballooning list of charges against them . Lee Grace Dougherty faces 29 charges , while her brothers Dylan Stanley Dougherty and Ryan Edward Dougherty face 23 and 24 charges respectively , according to complaints filed Monday in Huerfano County District Court in Walsenberg . That includes five counts of attempted second-degree murder for 29-year-old Lee Grace Dougherty , for allegedly threatening five police officers with a gun on August 10 . She also faces eight first-degree assault charges and one count of aggravated motor vehicle theft , among others . Her brothers face a similar laundry list of charges . Both Ryan , 21 , and Dylan , 26 , for instance , are charged with five counts of attempted second-degree murder and five of first-degree assault , among others . Following their court appearance Monday , the trio 's next scheduled appearance is by "  telephone setting " on Wednesday at 1:15 p.m. , according to the Colorado court 's website . Besides charges in Huerfano County , in southern Colorado , the trio also have been indicted in Pueblo County . There , Dylan Dougherty has been charged with attempted murder , while his siblings are each charged with assault . They are also accused of crimes in Florida and Georgia . Police arrested the three after they crashed their car along a rural Colorado highway . Police say they were shooting at officers with an AK-47 during a chase at speeds up to 120 mph . According to investigators ' affidavits , Ryan Dougherty was driving Wednesday as Dylan Dougherty fired an AK-47 at pursuing officers . "  We were n't trying to hurt anyone ; we just wanted them to get back , " Lee Dougherty told investigators after her arrest , according to one affidavit . "  They were way back , and we could barely see them . We were getting shot at , then we wrecked . " Lee Dougherty said she pointed a gun at Walsenburg Police Chief James Chamberlain , according to the affidavit . But Chamberlain fired first , wounding her in the leg . The trio is wanted in armed bank robbery in Georgia and the attempted murder of a Florida police officer on August 2 . They escaped from Florida with police in pursuit after they shot out a cruiser 's tire , according to authorities . Colorado authorities said the siblings spent the night before their capture in the San Isabel National Forest , about 10 to 12 miles west of Colorado City . Earlier this month , in Huerfano County , bond was set for the three siblings at $ 1.5 million each . And in Pueblo County , Dylan Dougherty has $ 1 million bail , while his siblings have been ordered held on $ 250,000 each .	A sister and two brothers face 29 , 24 and 23 charges respectively in a Colorado court They are also charged in another Colorado county and are wanted in Florida and Georgia Police say they shot at officers with an AK-47 during a high-speed chase this month
CNN  -- Four days after suffering a humbling defeat to Simona Halep , Serena Williams turned the tables on the Romanian to win a fifth WTA Finals title with a crushing straight sets 6-3 6-0 victory in Singapore Sunday . Williams had called her 6-2 6-0 reverse in round-robin group play Wednesday "  embarrassing " and she set about putting the record straight in the title match . Fourth-ranked Halep began where she left off to take an early 2-1 lead with a break of service , but this was a very different Williams on the other side of the net . The world number one immediately broke back and a further break to lead 5-3 was the start of eight games in a row without reply . A total of 26 winners flowed from the racket of the 33-year-old American veteran -- who was winning the end of season crown for the third straight year -- the first player since Monica Seles in 1992 to achieve the feat . "  She was playing so well at the beginning and I told myself to just relax and once I did that I started playing better and making my shots , " Williams told the official WTA website . "  I lost to her a couple of days ago so I knew she was capable of playing really well , but I knew I had to play better if I wanted to win . Williams ' participation in the WTA Finals had been in doubt after she pulled out of a warmup tournament in China with a knee injury . "  I was n't even sure if I 'd be able to play here and now I 've won the Billie Jean King Trophy again -- it 's an amazing feeling , " she added . Her triumph caps an unpredictable year for the 18-time grand slam champion , who won the U.S. Open crown last month , but made shock exits from the other three majors . She closed out the match with another empathic winner after just 69 minutes and picked up a check for just over $ 2 million for her efforts . Halep was the first Romanian to reach the final and only the eighth woman to achieve the feat while making her debut in the event for the top eight players of the year . The 23-year-old said she always expected Williams to rebound after the earlier match . "  She was more motivated and more focused maybe in this match , and she tried to hit the balls very strong , " Halep told gathered reporters . "  I knew she will play better this match because she saw how I play , she saw what she has to do during the match . So she did really well today . "	Serena Williams retains WTA Finals title Beats Simona Halep 6-3 6-0 in title match in Singapore Halep thrashed Williams in round robin match earlier in week Fifth victory in season-ending championships for No. 1 Williams
CNN  -- Napoli has had a two-point deduction for match-fixing overturned following a successful appeal . The Serie A club was hit with the punishment following former goalkeeper Matteo Gianello 's admission that he attempted to fix the club 's game with Sampdoria in 2010 . The Italian Football Federation  FIGC  judged that Napoli were "  objectively responsible " for Gianello 's actions . Napoli hit with match-fixing related points deduction The FIGC also handed out six-month bans to defenders Paolo Cannavaro and Gianluca Grava for failing to report the approach , although both have had their suspensions lifted following the ruling . Napoli will now pay a $ 67,000 fine , while Gianello has had his ban reduced from 39 months to 21 . The restoration of those two points also means Napoli are now joint second alongside Lazio in Serie A and just three points behind leaders Juventus . A statement from the FIGC Thursday said : "  The two-point penalty deduction has been annulled and Paolo Cannavaro and Gianluca Grava have been acquitted . "  Napoli will now pay a fine of 50,000 euros . "  There are acquittals for Paolo Cannavaro and Gianluca Grava , while the disqualification of Matteo Gianello has been reduced from three years and three months to one year and nine months . "  These are the decisions of the Federal Court of Justice following appeals against the judgments made by the Naples branch of the disciplinary committee on match-fixing . " Soccer players ' union FIFPro to launch match-fixing hotline The news came as a welcome relief for defender Cannavaro , who said he head been through "  hell " since the original verdict was announced on December 18 . He told the club 's official website : "  It 's an immense feeling of joy and I 'm still crying with the emotion . It was a terrible month , hell . Now this is a release . "  I was in a really bad way . I wo n't be able to forget what I went through this month . I thank all those who were close to me . "  I want to thank the club for all that they did , the coach and my team-mates that have consoled me every day . " Grava was also in an emotional state at a press conference following the announcement . How can football tackle match fixing ? "  When I heard from Paolo , we both started to cry with joy . It 's the end of a nightmare , " the 35-year-old said . "  It seemed like a nightmare from which I could not wake up . I 'm feeling great joy and I am happy that justice has been done . " Head coach Walter Mazzarri felt the club had been vindicated for their stance and heaped praise on the duo . He said : "  First of all I am very happy for Paolo and Gianluca , two exceptionally honourable lads who were victims of a great injustice . "  I 'm happy with the league table . We deserved those points because we earned them on the field . It would have been another great injustice if they had been stolen . " Juventus coach Conte has ban reduced to four months The intense fight against match-fixing and illegal betting , which is known as ` Calcioscommesse ' , saw Siena deducted six points before the start of the season . Former Siena coach Antonio Conte , now in charge of Juventus , was handed a six-month ban for his failure to report attempts to fix matches in Serie B during the 2010-11 season . The ban was subsequently reduced to four months on appeal . .	Napoli has won it 's appeal against the two point deduction for match-fixing Players Paolo Cannavaro and Gianluca Grava both have six-month bans overturned Former goalkeeper Matteo Gianello admitted he attempted to fix the club 's game with Sampdoria in 2010 . Club must pay $ 67,000 following decision of the court
NEW YORK  CNN  -- An investigation commissioned by the city of New York found private gun vendors selling weapons to buyers who admitted not being able to pass background checks , breaking federal law , a report released Wednesday says . It is illegal for unlicensed sellers to sell a gun if there is reason to think the buyer would fail a background check . The sales were made at seven gun shows in Ohio , Tennessee and Nevada , the report says . Hired investigators with hidden cameras were able to purchase guns from private sellers after announcing to the vendors they could not pass a background check , it says . Nineteen of the 30 private sellers the undercover investigators dealt with failed the integrity test , according to the report . The law does not require private unlicensed sellers at gun shows to do background checks on their customers . However , it is a federal felony for unlicensed sellers to sell a gun if they have a reason to believe the buyer would fail a background check . There were no arrests and no lawsuit were filed . "  Closing the gun show loophole has nothing to do with the Second Amendment , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said in a news conference Wednesday . "  It is basic law enforcement , plain and simple . " He said he does not want to shut down gun shows but to change the law . He cited a 2000 study from the then-Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms saying 30 percent of guns involved in federal illegal gun trafficking investigations are connected in some way to gun shows . The figure is disputed by gun proponents . "  We believe anyone who breaks the law should be arrested , prosecuted and punished , " the National Rifle Association said in a statement supplied to CNN . "  Instead of working with law enforcement to bring those who may have broken the law to justice , Mayor Bloomberg chose to use this information for a press conference . Bloomberg 's priorities are clearly media first , justice later . " But Bloomberg has support from some in Washington , including Sen. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey . "  This investigation reveals how easy it is for criminals and even terrorists to purchase firearms at gun shows and is further proof that we must close the gun show loophole , " Lautenberg said in a written statement .	Sales made at gun shows in Ohio , Tennessee , Nevada , report says 19 of 30 private sellers in sting failed the integrity test , according to the report Closing gun-show loophole "  is basic law enforcement , " NYC mayor says It "  has nothing to do with the Second Amendment , " said Mayor Michael Bloomberg
CNN  -- Inside the Kansas City home that Jovan Belcher fled , his baby daughter wailed , his mother was in hysterics and his girlfriend was quiet . Barely breathing . This is what the NFL linebacker left behind on Saturday in a rush of violence that left many wondering why . Few answers came from 911 tapes released this week by police . But the tapes provide a heartbreaking soundtrack of the fleeting moments the morning that police say Belcher killed his girlfriend Kassandra Perkins and then later turned the gun on himself just outside the front door of the Chiefs ' practice facility . Opinion : Manhood , football and suicide "  Oh my God . Oh my God . Kasi , " Belcher 's mother , Cheryl Shepherd , bawled . "  The baby is crying ... Please get the ambulance here ! " "  OK , we 're on the way , " the dispatcher said . "  We 've been on the way the whole time . How old is the patient ? " "  Twenty-two , " the mother said . "  Is she breathing ? " the dispatcher asked . "  She is still breathing but barely . Please hurry . I do n't know how many times he shot her . They had been arguing ... " the mother said . "  OK , she 's been shot ? " the dispatcher asked . KCTV : NFL will provide benefits to Belcher 's daughter Then moments later the mother seemed to direct her shouts to the wounded woman in the home . "  You hear me ? Kassandra ! Hey ! . Stay with me ! " "  Ma'am , " the dispatcher said . "  Listen . Is she awake ? " "  She 's barely , " the mother said . "  She 's just barely . She is moving when I talk to her . " "  OK , " the dispatcher said . "  Oh , God , " the mother moaned . "  Is she bleeding ? " The dispatcher asked . "  Yes , she is ... " But the rest of what 's said was obscured by the screams of the young child . A police officer gets on the phone and tries to get information about Belcher from the distraught mother . The mother did not answer questions about the whereabouts of her 6-foot-2 , 228-pound son , a standout 25-year-old starting linebacker for the Kansas City Chiefs . Instead , in a voice rising as the moments passed , the mother begged for an ambulance . "  Ma'am , the ambulance is on the way . What 's your son 's name ? What kind of car did your son leave in ? Or was he on foot ? " the officer said . There was no response . "  Sounds like she disconnected , " the dispatcher said . "  I wanted to give her some bleeding advice also ... Ma'am , are you there ? " But there was no response . And all that can be heard are the screams of the baby . Strong reactions on football player 's murder-suicide	Police : Jovan Belcher fatally shot his girlfriend , with their baby daughter in another room He then shot himself in front of coaches as officers pull up , police say Authorities release 911 tapes of the day of the shooting
CNN  -- A marijuana bust along the U.S.-Mexico border revealed 30 pounds of the drug stuffed into framed pictures of Jesus Christ , the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency said Wednesday . "  This is not the first time we have seen smugglers attempt to use religious figures and articles of faith to further their criminal enterprise , " said William Molaski , port director of the agency 's office in El Paso , Texas , in a statement . "  What some might find offensive or sacrilegious has unfortunately become a standard operating procedure for drug smugglers . This would include using religious symbols , children and senior citizens in their attempts to defeat the CBP inspection process . " Authorities said a 22-year-old woman in a Jeep from Juarez , Mexico , told federal border patrol officers that she had nothing to declare besides the framed art . The officers checked out the vehicle with Cesar , a federal drug-sniffing dog , who alerted them to three framed pictures of Jesus in the vehicle . The officers pulled the backing of the pictures and found numerous bundles , authorities said . The woman was arrested . The bust was one of three marijuana seizures made Tuesday at the El Paso point of entry . Officers said they seized 214 pounds of marijuana in the two other busts .	Bust at U.S.-Mexico border reveals marijuana stuffed into framed pictures of Jesus U.S. Customs says criminals sometimes use religious artifacts to hide illegal goods Cesar , a federal drug-sniffing dog , discovered the hidden marijuana 22-year-old woman in a Jeep from Juarez , Mexico , arrested
