LONDON , England  CNN  -- Banksy is Britain 's most wanted artist -- his art sells for hundreds of thousands of dollars , but he continues to use public spaces as his main canvas , while all the time keeping his identity a secret . Banksy 's latest piece in East London where a passer-by claims to have taken a photo of the artist . The guerilla artist has been spray painting his stencils around Britain and further afield for over ten years . Last week ten of his original pieces were sold at Bonham 's auction house in London for over $ 1 million , while on the other side of the city Tower Hamlets council authority pledged to remove his graffiti from its streets . From his beginnings as a graffiti artist in Bristol , England , Banksy has become the darling of the art world for his subversive and satirical public art . Depicting things such as riot police with smiley acid-house faces and camera-wielding rats , his work is now sold now by major art galleries . Lazarides Gallery in London is one of the main dealers of his work and describes him as "  a media star ... but popular long before any of this high-profile activity -- simply because the people love his stuff . " While he set out to lampoon the establishment , he has now been wholeheartedly embraced by it . Fans include Hollywood A-listers , including Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Christina Aguilera who bought three of his prints in 2006 , including one of Queen Victoria sitting on a woman 's face . The recent sales of his work put him on a par with Jean-Michel Basquiat as the best-selling street artist . He is feted by art dealers and artists , including Damien Hirst , but he regularly mocks the art world that is so enthralled by him with ingenious stunts such as hanging his own work in the Tate gallery in London and the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York . It took the British Museum eight days to discover the "  prehistoric " rock painting of a man with a shopping trolley in the British Museum Banksy has hung on a wall . There is often a political message with this work , too . He left an inflatable doll dressed as a Guantanamo prisoner in Disneyland and painted a hole with blue sky on the Palestinian side of the West Bank wall . Despite the huge popularity and exposure of his work , Banksy 's identity remains a mystery . As he operates on the fringes of the law with his guerilla art it makes sense , but also adds to his mystique . Some things are know : he 's originally from Bristol , is around 30 years old and called Robert or Robin Banks , but it 's been reported that even his parents are thought to believe that he makes his living as a painter and decorator . He continues to divide opinion as to whether his work is vandalism or public art . Veteran British art critic Brian Sewell called Banksy , "  a complete clown , and what he does has absolutely nothing to do with art . " Bristol city council has recognized the popularity and artistic merit of his work by protecting a number of pieces around the city . Other local authorities do n't feel the same way . Tower Hamlets and Hackney councils in London have pledged to remove his graffiti from their streets . His latest work painted on a wall in East London -- a man in overalls resting next to a giant flower drawn as a continuation from the double yellow lines on the road -- is thought to be the artist 's response . But this latest piece may also have revealed what the artist actually looks like . A passer-by took a photo of what is thought to be the artist at work . A spokesperson for Banksy refused to confirm it was him , but did say it was definitely his work . E-mail to a friend	British graphic artist 's identity remains a mystery despite huge popularity Feted by the art world and Hollywood celebrities count among his collectors Despite popularity local authorities have removed his public works
CNN  There were screams . Then the sounds of a commercial jetliner slamming into the mountainside . And finally silence . Deathly silence . That much is known about the final few minutes for the 144 passengers on Germanwings Flight 9525 . Beyond that , it 's a matter of imagination and speculation -- about what they saw and what they felt as their plane approached and then crashed into the Alps . None of them can speak for themselves , nor can any of the flight 's six crew members . But authorities have given some clues , based on what investigators know about the aircraft 's trajectory and what they 've heard on a mangled cockpit voice recorder recovered at the crash site . It all began on what seemed like most any other Tuesday as citizens of 18 countries packed into the Germanwings plane in Barcelona , Spain . The passengers came from all walks of life , using Lufthansa 's low-cost carrier to get to Dusseldorf , Germany . They were high school students , heading home after a week in Spain . They were parents and children enjoying their vacation . There were businessmen , scouting out store locations . There was a 26-minute delay before takeoff because air traffic controllers did n't give the OK to start the plane 's engines earlier and there was a small wait in the takeoff rotation , according to Lufthansa . For any frequent flier , that kind of delay is nothing abnormal . Nor , it seems , was takeoff . The Airbus A320 left and headed northeast at 10:01 a.m.  5:01 a.m. ET  on what should have been a 726-mile journey . The plane leveled off at 38,000 feet , its cruising altitude . By this point , passengers would be OK to unbuckle , head to the restroom or get their bags out of the overhead bin . A seemingly innocuous act changed everything : The aircraft 's pilot had to use the restroom , according to Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr , telling the co-pilot that he was stepping out . It 's possible that passengers saw the captain in the cabin , going to or from the restroom . They also could have noticed that the aircraft was going down -- even though they were about a half-hour into a nearly two-hour flight , with the Alps ahead of them . The passengers could n't have known it , but the co-pilot -- identified as 28-year-old Andreas Lubitz -- "  manipulated the buttons of the flight monitoring system to activate the descent of the aircraft " while the pilot was out , Marseille prosecutor Brice Robin said Thursday . This was around 10:45 a.m. . It was n't like the plane suddenly jerked down , plunging straight into the ground . Authorities described a steady descent at a rate of about 3,000 to 3,500 feet  or roughly 1,000 meters  per minute . Still , it is the kind of descent you 'd expect while nearing an airport -- not traversing the Alps . If passengers did n't notice that fall , they might have caught wind of what was happening at the front of the plane . Students , singers among the victims Inside the cockpit , the only sound was that of Lubitz breathing steadily . But outside the cockpit , the noises apparently grew louder and more frantic . The pilot tried to open the door but could n't get in . He likely knocked on the door . He used a video conference system to talk to the co-pilot , Robin said . None of it worked . Nor did his last-ditch attempt , as recounted by a senior French military official involved in the crash investigation to The New York Times . "  You can hear he is trying to smash the door down , " the official said . Did the passengers hear this commotion upfront ? It 's hard to imagine they did n't . And if that was n't reason enough to cause worry , they just had to look outside -- at the mountain chain that should have been far below them instead of getting closer and closer and closer . The voice recorder did n't indicate any abnormal noise in the cabin until the final few moments . Still , even if the passengers did n't know it at the time , all it took was eight minutes for a seemingly normal flight to become a nightmare . The nightmare ended in a violent crash into rugged , remote terrain . So did the screams and the lives of all 150 people on Flight 9525 -- a death that Robin described as "  instantaneous . " Who was co-pilot Andreas Lubitz ?	Germanwings Flight 9525 had a slight delay before taking off from Barcelona , Spain After leveling off at 38,000 feet , the plane descended steadily before hitting the Alps Screams were heard in plane 's cabin in minutes before crash , according to audio recording
CNN  -- For more than 125 years , the City of Chester passenger ship has been at the bottom of San Francisco Bay . Scientists rediscovered its burial site recently after using sidescan sonar to confirm data first gathered last year . Researchers with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration were looking in May 2013 for another ship that sank near the Golden Gate Bridge in 1952 when they found what they thought was the City of Chester . They conducted what is called a multibeam sonar survey and over the next nine months sorted through the data . A follow-up look with sidescan sonar found the ship 216 feet beneath the surface , sitting upright in the mud . There was a fatal gash in the ship 's port side . NOAA said in a news release that the discovery is an important one for the Chinese-American community in the San Francisco area . The City of Chester was carrying 90 people on a trip to Eureka , California , on August 22 , 1888 , when it was hit in the fog by the Oceanic , a ship arriving from Asia . The Chester sank within six minutes and 16 people were killed . The Chinese crew of the Oceanic initially was criticized but later praised as heroes . "  Discoveries like this remind us that the waters off our shores are museums that speak to powerful events , in this case not only that tragic wreck , but to a time when racism and anger were set aside by the heroism of a crew who acted in the best traditions of the sea , " said James Delgado , the director of maritime heritage for NOAA 's Office of National Marine Sanctuaries . The wreck was found in 1888 by the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey , the predecessor of NOAA . NOAA will set up an exhibit about the City of Chester at a nearby marine sanctuary , but there are no plans to raise the ship .	The City of Chester was sailing in San Francisco Bay when it hit another ship , killing 16 The Chinese crew of the other ship was at first vilified , later hailed as heroes Discoverers called ship an important reminder of race relations at the time There are no plans to bring ship out of water
New York  CNN  -- For the first time since Tyler Clementi 's death , the family of the Rutgers University freshman walked across the bridge where he took his own life . Clementi 's mother , Jane , and his brother , James , were joined Sunday by anti-bullying supporters as they visited the George Washington Bridge , which connects upper Manhattan with Fort Lee , New Jersey . Clementi , 18 , committed suicide in 2010 after learning his roommate , Dharun Ravi , had secretly used a webcam to stream his sexual encounter with another man . Ravi was sentenced in May 2012 to serve 30 days in jail and three years of probation , and to complete 300 hours of community service . He was released on June 19 after serving 20 days behind bars . The event Sunday was the culmination of a 37-day , 921-mile walk from Chicago to New York City to promote friendship as a way to reduce bullying . The event was organized by Friend Movement co-founders Ronnie Kroell and Elliot London . Since Tyler 's death , the Clementi family has formed The Tyler Clementi Foundation , a nonprofit group dedicated to working with and supporting gay and lesbian youths . Kroell , 30 , and London , 32 , worked with The Tyler Clementi Foundation on this Friend Movement project but without any intentions of having the Clementis participating , according to London . They were shocked and honored when Jane and James decided to walk with them across bridge , a painful reminder of Tyler 's death , London said . "  This is a very strong woman who knows that  Tyler 's  life is so important to remember and to help create more awareness , " London said of Clementi 's mother . "  Jane and James  were incredibly strong . " As they walked over the bridge , Kroell said the sky opened up into warm sunshine and the wind went quiet . They felt Tyler was walking alongside them , he said . After crossing the bridge , Kroell , London and the Clementis met with about 75 other supporters at Fort Tryon Park to tie purple ribbons -- a symbol for anti-gay bullying awareness -- around the trunk and branches of a tree in remembrance of Tyler and other victims of bullying who have committed suicide . Kroell and London had asked participants to wear purple as well . "  The reason why we chose not to stop at the bridge , but to keep walking to the end , was to show the community we can overcome these obstacles , " Kroell said . Having been victims of bullying themselves , Kroell and London said they co-founded the Friend Movement to promote positive anti-bullying messages through art and media , in the wake of an increasing number of adolescent suicides committed because of bullying . They were inspired by Clementi 's death and decided to spend 37 days walking from city to city , having conversations with communities and sharing stories about friendships and bullying , London said . "  Everyone has something that 's happened to them , " London said . "  It 's been incredible to be an ear to listen . " Kroell and London began their walk on October 5 from The Bean in Millennium Park in Chicago , and now they will be flying back to their homes in Los Angeles . Kroell said they are returning as two very different people than when they left and hope to stay in touch with everyone they met along the way . "  These are people that have changed our life , " Kroell said . "  They really touched our lives . "	In 2010 , a distraught Tyler Clementi , 18 , jumped from the George Washington Bridge His roommate had secretly streamed Tyler 's sexual encounter with another man Bridge event is culmination of Chicago-to-New York walk by anti-bullying supporters
Washington  CNN  -- A private marketing firm has been temporarily blocked from using President Obama 's familiar "  Rising Sun " campaign logo , after the Obama campaign committee filed a trademark infringement lawsuit . Federal Judge Emmet Sullivan has issued a preliminary injunction , preventing Washington-based DemStore.com from selling a variety of merchandise -- hats , buttons , balloons and T-shirts -- with the red-and-blue image , without the permission of Obama for America , the president 's re-election campaign . In his three-page order , the judge said that for now , the company can not use the trademark or "  confusingly similar " images in its products , including "  engaging in any course of conduct with respect to the 2008 Rising Sun Trademark that is likely to mislead the public into believing that the products marketed and/or offered for sale by defendants are , sponsored , authorized , or otherwise approved by " the Obama campaign . Re-election officials filed suit on June 1 , and a preliminary hearing was held Monday . Further hearings are scheduled later this month . Obama officials said the issue was time-sensitive , since this kind of merchandise is typically sold in the six months leading up to the November elections . The campaign itself sells its own merchandise through the store.barackobama.com website , including the logo that shows the letter "  O " decorated with a blue half-circle and red stripes . The Obama team said people buying products through its official website also provide contact information , which the campaign can then use to solicit further monetary donations . "  Defendants are using the Rising Sun Trademarks on merchandise in a deliberate and willful attempt to draw on the goodwill and commercial magnetism of the Rising Sun Trademarks and the Obama Campaigns , " lawyers for Obama said in federal court briefs . On Tuesday , the DemStore.com website still featured products with the "  Rising Sun " image , including a "  Veterans for Obama " button listed as a "  top seller . " The parent company Washington Promotions & Printing has been retailing material supporting Democratic candidates since 1985 . The company denies any wrongdoing , arguing in court filings that the Obama campaign had known of the alleged trademark infringement since 2007 and can not now claim "  immediate harm " from continued use of the logo by private companies . Washington Promotions & Printing suggested that a federal political campaign logo would be in the public domain , not subject to trademark restrictions . The case is Obama for America v. DemStore.com , Inc.  12-cv-889  . Political logos define campaigns	Campaign committee filed trademark infringement lawsuit over use of "  Rising Sun " logo Judge says website ca n't sell merchandise with the image without campaign 's permission He says company ca n't mislead public into believing its products are sponsored by campaign Company says campaign ca n't claim "  immediate harm , " suggests logo is in public domain
CNN  -- "  Abusive " Taliban officials , like the one who ordered the stoning of a young man and woman in northern Afghanistan , should n't have positions of authority after a peace deal , a Human Rights Watch official said Thursday . In considering negotiations between the Taliban and coalition and Afghan government officials to end the conflict there , authorities have been amenable to the idea of reconciliation with low-level Taliban , but not all of them -- especially those who 've committed violent acts . The question remains of how much sacrifice should be made for the sake of peace . "  The Afghan government has said there will be negotiations with the Taliban . The U.S. government supports that ultimately because we all know that that 's the only way to end the war , " Tom Malinowski , the Washington advocacy director for Human Rights Watch , said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  When all is said and done , the question is , think about the stoning case up in Kunduz . Can we live with the deal in which the man who ordered the stoning becomes the mayor of that town ? "  The question is not whether there will be negotiations , but what the terms of the final deal will be . Will we be able to live with allowing these most abusive Taliban commanders to get positions of authority in the country , and I think that 's what needs to be ruled out -- not just because it 's wrong but because I think a deal like that wo n't last , it wo n't be sustainable . We wo n't get peace from a deal like that . " The Taliban stoned to death a man and a woman in northern Afghanistan for allegedly having an affair , officials said Monday , an execution President Hamid Karzai called "  unforgivable . " The stoning took place Sunday in Dasht-e-Archi district , in the Taliban-dominated village of Mullah Qali in Kunduz province . The pair was accused of having an illicit sexual relationship , a spokesman for the Kunduz governor said . The woman was about 20 years old and the man was about 27 , said Mohammed Ayoub , district governor of Amam Sahib , which is also in Kunduz province . The woman was engaged , and the man was married to another woman . The two had been held by the Taliban for about a week , Ayoub said . Malinowski there 's been "  a lot more brazen behavior by the Taliban in the parts of the country that they pretty much control , such as executions of people regarded , for example , as collaborators or against women who try to go to school . "  This is the first time they 've actually publicly executed somebody in front of a crowd of people , " Malinowski said . "  It tells me there are a lot of parts of Afghanistan where the government is just absent . There 's no government there . There 's no U.S. military there . There 's no formal justice system there , and so the Taliban can fill the vacuum -- and when they do , this is what they do . "	Reconciliation should n't include abusive Taliban , HRW official says Two were stoned to death in Taliban town The stoning case raises questions about which Taliban can be dealt with
RealSimple.com  -- Readers share the tips and tricks that get them out of an emotional slump . For years I wanted to learn to play the drums , so it was quite a thrill when my husband bought me a set two years ago for my birthday . Since then , I 've discovered that banging out a favorite tune , such as the Beatles ' "  You Ca n't Do That , " improves my mood in a matter of minutes . -- Karen Worth , San Antonio , Texas I head to the gym , put on my gloves , and pound on the punching bag . As I strike it , I think about what 's bothering me and come up with a solution . The bag weighs 175 pounds , so hitting it requires a great deal of strength and exertion . It feels great to work out my problems and my body at the same time . -- Heidi Henriksen , Minneapolis , Minnesota RealSimple.com : 3 quick ways to relieve stress When I get down in the dumps , I set a timer for 20 minutes and vent -- to a friend , to the dashboard of the car , even to the seagulls at the beach . That 's all it takes : Once the timer goes off , I 've figured out why I am feeling low and have regained control of my emotions . -- Leigh Reposa , Narragansett , Rhode Island About 10 years ago , I was having a typically awful day : I had overslept , got caught in traffic , made mistakes at work . In the midst of it all , a friend sent me an e-mail calling for donations for autism research . I logged on to her website , contributed , and immediately felt better . Now I give to charity whenever I get grumpy . Each donation reminds me of what really matters . -- Beth Surmont , New Brunswick , New Jersey My 40s were coming to an end , and I was dreading it . Then my brother-in-law suggested I watch a "  Saturday Night Live " skit starring Molly Shannon as Sally O'Malley , a 50-year-old trying out for the Radio City Rockettes . It made me laugh so hard and helped me get over my anxieties . Now whenever I 'm feeling down , I view it , have a belly laugh , and move on . As Sally said : "  Book 'em , Danno ! I 'm 5-0 ! " -- Bonny Tillman , Acworth , Georgia RealSimple.com : Easy ways to unwind Songs sung by the White Stripes ' lead singer , Jack White , pull me out of a dark cloud . His tunes are upbeat , jazzy , and funky . The track "  We 're Going to Be Friends " makes me feel happy and hopeful , while "  Seven Nation Army " motivates me to get up and move . "  Why Ca n't You Be Nicer to Me ? " reminds me that I 'm not the only person having a tough time . Listening to it , I feel less alone . -- Cindy Karnitz , Rockford , Illinois For me , getting out of a funk is simple . I sit on my porch and watch birds flutter around my feeders . In the spring and summer , I see fast-moving hummingbirds , red-plumed cardinals , and yellow finches , who gravitate to our cornflowers . I appreciate just how lucky I am to be able to spend my time in such a relaxing way . -- Sue Gutierrez , Wesley Chapel , North Carolina An instant antidote for a bad mood is an evening curled up in front of a movie based on a Jane Austen novel . I 'm a huge fan of the BBC miniseries Pride and Prejudice , but my favorite scene is from the 1995 made-for-TV adaptation of Persuasion . When Captain Wentworth professes his love for Anne Elliot , giving her a letter that reads , "  You pierce my soul . I am half agony , half hope , " I always smile . It reminds me that good girls can win in the end . -- Lauren DeBueriis , New York , New York I google "  funny pugs " and browse the image results . Photographs of these bug-eyed , wrinkly , expressive pups would make anyone grin . -- Carin Bagguley , Milwaukee , Wisconsin RealSimple.com : How to make positive changes in your life Champagne , darling ! In the midst of performing the dreariest task , I 'll pop the cork to liven things up . Take , for example , the time I painted my basement . I hated it at first , so I placed a flute in my left hand , a roller in my right -- and finished the job with a big smile . -- Nancy Brand , Petoskey , Michigan Riding my horse always takes my mind off my grumpiness . As we gallop across a field , I leave all my troubles and worries behind . -- Roberta Monnier , Richmond , Virginia Writing letters to my friends helps me get out of an emotional rut . I 'll describe what 's bothering me , or I 'll just ask my pals questions about their own lives . Knowing a surprise awaits in a friend 's mailbox brightens my mood . So does the prospect of receiving a response . -- Taylor Reyes , Clinton Township , Michigan RealSimple.com : 9 easy ways to be happier Talking on the phone with my young grandchildren . Jacob , five , always asks me what I ate during the day , and his little brother , William , makes kissing noises . Two-year-old Olivia invites me to visit her castle .  She thinks she owns Cinderella Castle at Walt Disney World .  And the two infants just breathe -- and occasionally giggle -- into the receiver . Listening to them , I feel the purest form of love . -- Linda Garcia , Plainville , Connecticut One word : pedicure . I grab a friend who needs a few hours of relaxation and we head to the salon -- my treat . It 's amazing what nail polish , a massage chair , and helping out a friend can do for your mood . -- Heather Kennedy Eden , Wollongong , Australia Looking at bright colors makes me feel better . I find it nearly impossible to remain in a dour mood after I put on a lemon yellow sweater or paint my nails neon orange . Sunny hues remind me of my childhood bedroom , which was painted goldenrod , and of umbrellas , flowers , and other wonderful elements of spring . -- Susanna Cardinale , Cliffwood , New Jersey A few years back , a devastating event took the wind out of my sails . Trying to find my footing again , I remembered the fun I had had as a kid blowing bubbles . So I went to the store , bought five containers , and started blowing . Lo and behold , I laughed and felt happy ! This childhood pastime has become the way that I lift my spirits and celebrate life . For example , my grandpa passed away recently , and we blew bubbles in his honor . -- Abby Smyers , Dayton , Montana RealSimple.com : Banishing life 's little annoyances I put on scented lotion and enjoy some aromatherapy . One of my favorite fragrances is Bobbi Brown 's Beach perfume . The scent reminds me of my family 's vacation to Hawaii 's Big Island . Goodbye , doldrums . -- Karen King , Downers Grove , Illinois Every now and then , my work gets stressful and my mood sours . To regain my composure , I quietly close the door of my office and go into a sun-salutation yoga pose , an exercise that causes you to breathe deeply , stretch , and expand your chest . After a few minutes , I find that I can handle things again . -- Mary Lou Kinney , Boise , Idaho A solo visit to a beauty-supply store always does the trick . The products , especially sparkly eye shadow , make me feel beautiful , and the time spent alone , a rare luxury with two little boys , restores me . -- Gina Kain , Torrington , Connecticut RealSimple : 5 mistakes everyone should make Taking a cue from a song of my childhood , "  I whistle a happy tune . " As I do , I remember that for every minute I spend feeling down , I lose 60 seconds of joy . -- Christine Cook , Rodeo , California Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Readers share what helps brighten their day Carin from Wisconsin googles "  funny pugs " and browses the image results After a devastating event , Abby blew her troubles away with bubbles
Washington  CNN  -- The federal government will loosen restrictions on U.S. relations with Cuba within two weeks , the White House said Friday . "  Today , President Obama has directed the secretaries of State , Treasury , and Homeland Security to take a series of steps to continue efforts to reach out to the Cuban people in support of their desire to freely determine their country 's future , " the White House said in a written statement . The changes concern travel , non-family remittances and U.S. airports supporting licensed charter flights to and from Cuba . "  These measures will increase people-to-people contact ; support civil society in Cuba ; enhance the free flow of information to , from , and among the Cuban people ; and help promote their independence from Cuban authorities , " it said . "  The president believes these actions , combined with the continuation of the embargo , are important steps in reaching the widely shared goal of a Cuba that respects the basic rights of all its citizens . " Under the new regulations , religious organizations can sponsor religious travel to the island and institutions of higher education can sponsor travel to the island for course work for academic credit -- both under a general license . And licensing of educational exchanges not involving academic study pursuant to a degree program will be restored , it said . In addition , specifically licensed academic institutions will be able to sponsor academic seminars , conferences , and workshops related to Cuba and allow faculty , staff , and students to attend . Licensing also will be allowed for a greater scope of journalistic activities , it said . And any U.S. person will be able to send up to $ 500 every three months to non-family members in Cuba "  subject to the limitation that they can not be provided to senior Cuban government officials or senior members of the Cuban Communist Party . " Obama also directed that any U.S. international airport can apply to service licensed charters "  provided such airports have adequate customs and immigration capabilities and a licensed travel service provider has expressed an interest in providing service to and from Cuba from that airport . " Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , dismissed the move toward rapprochement . "  These changes will not help better human rights nor will they help Cubans free themselves of the tyranny that surrounds them , " she said in a written statement . The changes "  will just bring economic benefits to the Cuban regime , " she said . "  That 's really absurd , " responded Wayne Smith , former chief of the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , in a telephone interview with CNN from Washington , where he directs the Center for International Policy 's Cuba Program . He described the changes as "  terrific , " but said the administration should go further by ending the half-century-old trade embargo . "  It really has n't done the slightest bit of good , " he said . "  Our whole policy has to be called a failure . It has not forced the Cubans to change . The best thing we can do is to have greater contact with the Cubans , a greater flow of people and ideas and so forth . You can have more impact that way than by trying to wall everybody off . " Smith noted that his group this week announced plans to hold a conference next week calling on the administration to lift the restrictions on academic travel and people-to-people travel , and a series of other steps . "  So , we 'll take full credit , " he said , laughing . "  We called on them to do it and , by golly , they have . " He added , "  I wish they 'd done it months ago , but better late than never . " CNN 's Arthur Brice and Tom Watkins contributed to this story	U.S. citizen will be able to send $ 500 every 3 months to Cubans not within government U.S. citizens will not need federal approval to take religious or educational trips to the island Ros-Lehtinen : The changes will just benefit the Cuban regime Wayne Smith : "  That 's really absurd "
CNN  -- When you think of potentially fatal threats at the beach , you probably think of sharks or riptides . You probably do n't worry about the sand . But that unexpected killer has now claimed at least three lives in the United States this summer . Nine-year-old Isabel Grace Franks died at a Lincoln City , Oregon , beach on Friday , when a hole she was digging in the sand caved in and buried her , authorities said . "  We heard screaming , " Tracey Dudley , who was staying at a nearby hotel , told CNN affiliate KATU . "  At first we thought , you know , it was just kids . But it was like screaming and screaming and screaming . " "  Her and her siblings were digging a big hole in the sand , " Lincoln City police Sgt. Brian Eskridge said . "  She was sitting inside , and the hole collapsed . We believe she was under the sand around five minutes . " Franks , her family and friends were visiting the beach from Sandy , Oregon . Police and firefighters dug her out . She was unconscious and not breathing . Emergency crews performed CPR on her and transported her to a hospital , where she was declared dead . Mourners left flowers , candles and notes near where she died . Before the emergency workers arrived , beachgoers had frantically tried to dig her out , but the sand kept collapsing back into the hole , Eskridge said . That 's a common problem when someone gets buried at the beach , Tom Gill of the United States Lifesaving Association said Sunday . "  Once the sand starts collapsing , digging out becomes a technical rescue , " Gill said . "  It 's difficult because the sand keeps collapsing back into the hole , and the more people gathering around , the more difficult it is . " "  It 's not unusual for kids to build holes and sandcastles in the sand , but a lot of people do n't understand it can collapse , " Eskridge said . "  It 's difficult for people to understand how hard it is to get people out . " Dry sand weighs 100 pounds per square foot , and wet sand weighs 120 pounds per square foot , according to a 2004 study from the Mayo Clinic , entitled "  Accidental Burials in Sand : A Potentially Fatal Summertime Hazard . " "  Dry sand burial can totally engulf and compress a person ... with no air pocket for breathing , " the report said . "  Depending on the age and strength of the child , just 1 foot of sand may overwhelm respiratory and diaphragmatic force , " But according to the Mayo study , airway obstruction is an even bigger concern than sand stifling lung and diaphragm expansion . "  Although accidental sand burial has its own set of clinical problems , clearing the airway is the main focus of treatment . Airway management at the scene of the incident may be crucial and lifesaving , " the Mayo report said . The hole containing Franks was big enough for a crouching adult to fit in , witnesses told KATU . Gill said no national standards exist to restrict the depth of holes , though local jurisdictions often set their own rules . For example , in Virginia Beach , Virginia , the USLA 's home base , beach visitors are n't supposed to dig holes deeper than knee-level , even for small children , Gill said . There 's also no national database of fatal sand collapses , Gill said . They do n't happen often , Gill said , "  but often enough that we try to make people aware . " Articles in scholarly journals over the past decade , including the Mayo report , have called for public health and safety officials to be more aware of sand dangers . In June 2007 , the New England Journal of Medicine published a letter to the editor entitled "  Sudden Death from Collapsing Sand Holes , " from Dr. Bradley Maron of Harvard Medical School . Maron counted "  52 documented fatal and nonfatal cases , occurring primarily in the past 10 years , in which persons were submerged after the collapse of a dry-sand hole excavated for recreational purposes . " He said 31 of those 52 people died , and "  the other 21 survived by virtue of timely rescue involving extrication from the sand ; many of them required cardiopulmonary resuscitation , performed by a bystander . " Maron 's study concluded that collapses were inadvertently triggered by a variety of circumstances , including digging , tunneling , jumping , or falling into the hole . Young children like Isabel Franks are n't the only age group at risk . The two sand-related fatalities earlier this summer were both grown men . A 49-year-old Virginia man died on the beach at North Carolina 's Outer Banks on June 23 , according to CNN affiliate WTVR . David Frasier of Fredericksburg , Virginia , had to be extracted from a hole approximately 5 to 6 feet deep . A bystander was unable to revive him . And on July 21 , in Half Moon Bay , California , Adam Jay Pye was buried alive while tunneling under the sand , CNN affiliate KRON reported . Fire officials said Pye was standing in a 10-foot-deep pit when the sand rushed in around him . CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report	Isabel Grace Franks , 9 , died Friday , buried in sand at an Oregon beach "  We heard screaming , " a witness says Franks is at least the third person to die in beach sand in the United States this summer
CNN  -- Former Serbian President Milan Milutinovic was Thursday found not guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity in Kosovo by a U.N. tribunal . Milan Milutinovic had was cleared of war crimes in Kosovo . Five other former high-ranking Serb officials -- Nikola Sainovic , Dragoljub Ojdanic , Nebojsa Pavkovic , Vladimir Lazarevic and Sreten Lukic -- were found guilty on all or some of the same charges . The judgment was the first by The Hague , Netherlands-based tribunal for crimes by the former Yugoslav and Serbian forces during a military campaign against Kosovo 's ethnic Albanians in 1999 . Their crimes took place during a Serb-led military campaign against Kosovo 's ethnic Albanian population during the first six months of 1999 before a NATO bombing campaign forced a halt to the operation . Sainovic , former Yugoslav deputy prime minister and Pavkovic , a former Yugoslav army general were each sentenced to 22 years in prison for crimes against humanity and war crimes . Watch Milutinovic receive not guilty verdict " Lazarevic , another ex-general and Ojdanic , who was chief of general staff , were each sentenced to 15 years on charges of forced deportation of Kosovo 's ethnic Albanian population . The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia had heard during the two year tribunal how military forces of the former Republic of Yugoslavia and Serbia waged a campaign of terror against Kosovo Albanians . The court said Milutinovic did n't have "  direct individual control " over the army and that "  in practice " then-Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic "  exercised actual command authority " over the army during the NATO campaign . Milosevic eventually surrendered to Serbian authorities in 2001 and had been extradited to The Hague , where he was on trial between 2002 and 2006 for the alleged offences in Kosovo and for alleged crimes in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina . He died from natural causes in March 2006 before the trial ended and before a judgment was made . He was the first sitting head of state to be charged for war crimes when he was indicted in 1999 . Kosovo 's government declared its independence from Serbia in February 2008 after being administered by the United Nations since 1999 . The U.S. , Britain and France have recognized Kosovo 's independence , but China and Russia joined Serbia in opposing the move .	U.N. tribunal clears ex-Serb President Milan Milutinovic of war crimes Milutinovic , 4 other top Serbs officials face charges of crimes against humanity Allegations centered on Serb-led campaign in Kosovo in 1999
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Heavy rains prompted the emergency evacuation Monday of nearly 2,000 residents of a flooding Southern California town and the temporary closure of at least two highways because of mudslides . Meanwhile , as much as 10 feet of additional snow is on tap for the Sierra Nevada , doubling the amount that 's fallen in an epic storm on the cusp of the winter solstice . Residents near McFarland were evacuated Monday because of what Fire Department spokesman Sean Collins called "  major flooding . " The evacuation order was later lifted after officials cleared debris from a creek , allowing the flow of water to resume . The area has been inundated with rain for four days , with totals ranging as high as 10 inches . The National Weather Service said additional rain is expected in the area through Tuesday . High winds also whipped much of the state , particularly at high elevations . Peak wind gusts reached 152 mph in Alpine Meadows summit in northern California , the Weather Service reported . Mudslides forced officials to close a portion of State Route 1 , also known as the Pacific Coast Highway , in Ventura County from just north of the Los Angeles County line to Oxnard , according to the California Department of Transportation . The Pacific Coast Highway was also closed north of Santa Barbara due to flooding . A mudslide closed a portion of State Route 41 in San Luis Obispo County . A stretch of State Route 34 in the Oxnard area was closed because of flooding . It was unclear when the roads would reopen . The danger of mudslides will probably intensify , CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera said . "  A serious situation will develop now with the mudslide danger that will continue over the next several days , " Cabrera said Monday . The rain was expected to diminish Monday but intensify once again Tuesday night and Wednesday , according to the National Weather Service . Yet another storm is forecast for Christmas night . The precipitation is part of a massive , moisture-laden West Coast system that will continue to bring more rain and snow to the area through much of the week . A winter storm warning remained in effect through Monday afternoon for California 's Sierra Nevada , from Yosemite to Kings Canyon , according to the National Weather Service . "  Storm totals of 5 to 10 feet above 7,000 feet are likely , " the weather service said , and periods of heavy snow will continue through Monday . High winds are also forecast for the region , which received several feet of snow over the weekend . Forecasters said travel into the high country of the southern Sierra Nevada could be difficult , if not impossible . Mammoth Lakes , California , got almost 9 feet of snow in less than 24 hours , according to Cabrera . On Monday , Sarah Butner of Orange County , California , was visiting family in Mammoth Lakes in the central part of the state . "  We get a lot of snow here but not usually this much in a 24-hour period , " said Butner , a hairstylist who 's also a CNN iReporter . "  The decks have a good 5 feet of snow on them , " and there 's flooding at the end of the neighborhood , she said . "  We 're getting a couple inches an hour as of now , " she said late Monday morning . CNN 's Nick Valencia and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Evacuations caused by flooding in Kern County , California are lifted Isolated mudslides follow heavy rains , leading to road closures A winter storm warning is in effect for California 's Sierra Nevada Mudslides will remain a threat for the next few days
CNN  -- Amal Alamuddin , George Clooney 's new wife , is now Amal Clooney , according to her law firm 's website . It 's unclear whether the new Mrs. Clooney is using her maiden name as a middle name , making her Amal Alamuddin Clooney , or keeping it short and sweet as Amal Clooney . The Lebanese-born British attorney , 36 , married Clooney in September in a private ceremony in Venice . It was a second marriage for the actor , who was married from 1989 until 1993 to "  No Strings Attached " actress Talia Balsam . Amal Alamuddin was a well-known name even before she scooped up Hollywood 's most eligible bachelor . She "  specialises in international law , human rights , criminal law and extradition , " according to her Legal 500 profile , and has represented clients like WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange when he was resisting an extradition request by Sweden . She 's even worked as an adviser to judges in Yugoslavia and a prosecutor in Lebanon . What we know about Mrs. Clooney Vanity Fair reports the couple spent their honeymoon at a country home  ahem , mansion  50 miles west of London . But Clooney took a quick trip to New York last week to promote his upcoming movie "  Tomorrowland " at Comic Con .	Amal Alamuddin , George Clooney 's new wife , has taken his last name It 's unclear whether she 'll be Amal Alamuddin Clooney or Amal Clooney The British attorney became Clooney 's wife in September
CNN  -- In 1991 , Nirvana changed American rock music with an album that featured a naked baby on the cover . Fred Thorne played in bands for 18 years and says Kurt Cobain 's legacy always stuck with him . Now , that naked baby is 17 years old and a high school graduate . The album , "  Nevermind , " is a classic beloved by music aficionados across the world . It soared to the top of the Billboard charts , swiftly ending the '80s era of dance pop and "  hair metal " and replacing it with the "  grunge " movement . In doing so , it irreversibly changed the tastes and even lives of millions of musicians and music lovers . "  One song changed the way we look at rock music , " said Russ Lancaster of "  Smells Like Teen Spirit , " the first track on the record . "  Just like the Beatles changed pop music 30 years prior , Nirvana 's breakthrough album achieved the same level of power in terms of changing pop music . They were n't singing anymore about happy , funny songs . They were taking a real dark turn to pop music , and it changed everything . Back then it was really different to hear that on the radio . It opened up a floodgate of artists that might never have been heard before that . " What artists , exactly ? Lancaster says Pearl Jam comes to mind , and that the entire emo genre might never have come into existence if it was n't for grunge . "  It would n't have the visibility it has today without the stepping-stone that grunge gave it , " he said . iReport.com : Passing grunge onto the next generation Pat Ferguson said grunge also was crucial to indie rock becoming mainstream . "  What I appreciate ` Nevermind ' the most for was paving the way for other indie bands that I really ended up liking to get put out into the mainstream . Not so much for the exposure they got , but so that everyone could more readily get their product , " he said . "  It was a world without iTunes , Rhapsody or Napster . The only way you got exposure to music that was n't pop -LSB- or -RSB- country was living close enough to a university-run radio station or having a friend who had access to it . It was n't long after the grunge era started that other indie rock bands like Dinosaur Jr. , Sebadoh , Superchunk , fIREHOSE and a wealth of others broke out and started becoming a bit more accessible . " iReport.com : ' A lot of bands owe a lot to that record ' For Derek Ivy , the influence of Nirvana is a little more personal . Hearing "  Nevermind " and the band 's other albums inspired him to learn guitar as a teenager , and he still plays in a band called Golden Hours . "  Nirvana taught me to play music , " said Ivy . "  Everybody has the first few songs they ever learn to play , and for me it was mostly this Nirvana stuff . When I hear this album or think of it , I recall the countless afternoons I spent playing these songs on guitar and , later , drums . I remember learning every song on it , and pretty much every other Nirvana song . " Ivy said Nirvana front man and songwriter Kurt Cobain was an important influence in his life , musically and otherwise . "  Kurt Cobain was one of my earliest and greatest musical influences , as I 'm sure countless others can attest to . And he 's a tremendous influence on me in a lot of different ways , " he said . "  When Kurt died , I felt like I 'd lost a personal friend , even though I did n't know him and I was only 14 at the time . It was sort of like , here you go , here 's adulthood . " iReport.com : ` My teenage years would have been considerably less bearable were it not for this band ' Cobain was also a profound figure in Fred Thorne 's life . Thorne played in bands for 18 years , and he said Cobain 's success on the charts and ultimate suicide led him to heed the Nirvana front man 's advice : "  Be careful what you wish for . " "  These words were the fuel for the angst I needed to ` kill it ' on stage and give everything I had to just flat out rocking , " Thorne said . "  That meant no record deals , no big crowds , no bitching at the sound man because I could n't hear the vocals in the monitor , no perfect intonation , no perfect pitch , and if I blew out my voice ... bonus ! These words left me not wanting , but left me satisfied that I played that bar gig to 10 or 20 people like it was my last . In a way I felt like I did it for Kurt . I did it because I knew how badly he wanted to go back to those days of being a nobody and getting booed off the stage , or duct taping gear together and saying ... we can just make noise , vent our angst and throw all regard for approval out the window . " iReport.com : ` Kurt will always be an icon for indie musicians ' Of course , not everybody enjoyed "  Nevermind " or the grunge movement it popularized . Take David Gillespie , for example . He agreed that "  Nevermind " was a turning point in music , but for him , the turn was for the worse . "  Thanks for ending the greatest era of music ever , " he wrote in his iReport.com submission . "  The onslaught of grunge killed off the best music . The '80s brought such incredible talent and songs that no other decade or era could match . " Gillespie said he does n't think the grunge movement could compete with styles like glam rock and 1980s dance pop in terms of musicianship . "  Nirvana was not exactly the most musically talented band . Then again , they did n't really need to be , " he said . "  Grunge as a music form was n't about technical prowess and did n't need to sound good . " iReport.com : ` Their music was bland and depressing ' Amy Suarez , who called the record "  the pinnacle of my music heaven , " said that opinions of "  Nevermind " and the grunge movement are probably just a reflection of the different generations . "  I truly believe that Nirvana , its predecessors and like bands of that time will forever be thought , to me , to be the best and most influential music of my life , " she said . "  I know that everyone who loves music can say that about the music of their prime . So , I guess I would agree with others who would say that Nirvana was great for many and meant nothing to others ; it 's just a matter of timing . " iReport.com : ` Not everything has to be complicated to be good '	iReporters share their memories of Nirvana and the "  grunge " era Pat Ferguson says Nirvana opened the door for indie rock groups of the 1990s Fred Thorne and Derek Ivy say they were profoundly influenced by Kurt Cobain iReport.com : Share your memories of the grunge era
CNN  -- There was nothing about last Friday 's biology department faculty meeting at the University of Alabama in Huntsville that portended the carnage that was to come , Professor Debra Moriarity told a reporter Wednesday . "  It was actually a really laid-back , mundane kind of faculty meeting , " the biochemist told CNN affiliate WAAY about the 13 people seated around an oval table in Room 369 of the Shelby Center for Science and Technology . "  Events coming up , scheduling classes , budgets . It was really actually one of the easiest faculty meetings we 've had . " Among the participants was Amy Bishop , a Harvard-trained geneticist with whom Moriarity had developed a professional relationship nurtured by the fact that the two women worked with cell cultures . "  Sometimes you borrow things back and forth from each other , " she said . "  We had talked about writing grant proposals together . " After about an hour , just before 4 p.m. , Bishop -- who had recently been denied tenure -- ended the calm . "  All of a sudden , she just stood up and shot , " Moriarity said . Moriarity reacted quickly , dropping onto her hands and knees on the gray carpet . "  Just dropped to the floor and crawled under the table and crawled towards Amy , " said Moriarity , who was focused on one thing . "  I mean , you 're crawling under a table , you see the legs of a person who 's shooting above the table . I grabbed her leg and , I do n't know what I was thinking . I was n't thinking anything . I was just thinking : ` Grab her ! ' "  And she sidestepped me . I mean , she pulled her leg free and I was in the doorway then with my back kind of to her . And I think she tried to shoot at me then , but that 's when I started yelling at her , ` Amy , Amy , think about my grandson , think about my daughter ! This is me ! I 've helped you before ; I 'll help you again ! Do n't do this Amy ! Do n't do this ! ' " Bishop then stepped out into the hall , pointed the gun at Moriarity and pulled the trigger , the biologist said . "  It clicked , and it clicked again , and I crawled right back in the room and shut the door and she was left out in the hall . " The survivors burst into action . One person locked the wooden door , another shoved a table against it , others moved a refrigerator into place to further block the door , another called 911 , others moved to help the six people who had been shot , Moriarity said . Three people died ; three others were wounded . Two of them remained hospitalized Wednesday in critical condition , according to a spokeswoman for Huntsville Hospital . The third has been released . Moriarity , who joined the school 's faculty in 1984 , said the casualties have not affected her plans to remain at the school . And she rejected any suggestion that her role in getting Bishop out of the room was heroic . "  She followed me out in the hall and then the gun jammed and I could get back in the room , " Moriarity said . "  That 's not being a hero . That 's just God looks out for you . " She said she had had little time to think . "  From the beginning until we finally got things barricaded , it could n't have been more than 20 seconds , " she said . Moriarity further rejected suggestions that anything could have been done to protect the victims . "  There was no way to ever anticipate this , " she said . "  And there was nothing that could ever have been done to stop her . It all happened too fast . " And she worried that any attempt to tighten security could have negative consequences . "  There is evil in the world ; it is unfortunate that good people are hurt by that . But a university is a place of free thought and freedom to explore ideas and to search out new knowledge and you do n't want to put anything in place that dampens that . " Moriarity returned to her office on Wednesday and said she plans to resume teaching next week . She predicted that , with the help of anti-anxiety medication , she would be able to sleep Wednesday night . "  I 've been talking to family and friends and just getting their support helps you deal with it , " she said . "  I think right now most of us want to get back there and get things going , make plans for who is going to cover classes . " A memorial service to honor the lives of the dead -- faculty members Maria Davis , Adriel Johnson and Gopi Podila -- is to be held Friday .	Professor Debra Moriarity is a colleague of alleged shooter Amy Bishop , she says Bishop started shooting about an hour into a faculty meeting , says Moriarity Moriarity : "  It was actually a really laid-back , mundane kind of faculty meeting " Moriarity : "  I grabbed her leg . ... I was just thinking : ` Grab her ! ' "
CNN  -- Taping of "  The Real Housewives of Atlanta " reunion special , scheduled for last week , has been postponed as the cast deals with the death of Kandi Burruss ' former fiancé , Ashley "  A.J. " Jewell , an NBC Universal spokeswoman told CNN Monday . The Atlanta "  Housewives " have been touched by tragedy this season with a loved one 's death . The show is now winding down its second season on the network , and the two-part episode was expected to air on October 29 and November 5 . Cast member and purported "  sixth housewife " Dwight Eubanks told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution that he was "  shocked " when he heard of Jewell 's passing but does expect the taping to resume eventually . "  I do n't see them editing -LSB- Jewell -RSB- out , " he told the newspaper . "  It 's television . It 's reality . We just have to prepare and gear up for next year . " So far , Bravo has n't erased Jewell 's presence from the series . Although scenes with Jewell were n't a part of last Thursday 's episode , "  Housewives " viewers did watch as Kandi debated the future of her engagement to Jewell with castmate Kim . Blog : What happened on "  Housewives " But commercials for this Thursday 's episode showed clips from therapy sessions with Burruss , her mother and Jewell . Eubanks told the Journal-Constitution that he does n't know if Burruss will continue with the "  Housewives " or not . "  She 's had such a dramatic year , " Eubanks said . "  She had her uncle die , too . She has her own career to focus on . Now her life has changed with her daughter and taking temporary custody of -LSB- A.J. 's -RSB- twins . " Jewell , who died at 34 after a fight outside of an Atlanta strip club on October 3 , was buried on October 9 .	"  Real Housewives of Atlanta " was scheduled to tape reunion special last week Taping has been postponed in aftermath of death of A.J. Jewell Jewell was former fiancé of "  Housewives " cast member Kandi Burruss Jewell 's presence still part of show , which was taped weeks ago
Budget Travel  -- In the lodging world , green has gone mainstream . Once chided for being wasteful , the big hotel chains are now constantly trying to one-up each other with smart eco-design upgrades and stringent water and energy conservation policies . Hyatt has begun recycling its own aluminum , plastics and paper in countries where such programs do n't exist . Consider this fact : In a recent survey , 68 percent of U.S. hotels said they had energy-efficient lights , and two thirds had implemented towel - and linen-reuse programs , up from just over half five years ago . The number of properties trying to become LEED  Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design  certified , the most recognized standard for building sustainability , is also on the rise : Applications to the U.S. Green Building Council for the award spiked by 550 percent between 2006 and 2008 . More than 500 hotels could soon earn the label ; until four years ago , only one had the designation . Although all the major players are making strides toward better green policies , some are doing more than others . Here 's what the leaders have achieved in four earth-changing categories : ENERGY CONSERVATION Replacing inefficient lighting , one energy-draining bulb at a time Accor : More than 8,600 Motel 6 locations in at least a dozen states have been retrofitted with occupancy sensors that cause the thermostat to readjust when guests go out . InterContinental : A trial program has been rolled out at 650 hotels that aims to cut energy consumption by as much as 25 percent . If successful , it could be expanded to all of the chain 's 4,000 properties , including Holiday Inns . Marriott : Over the past decade , 450,000 incandescent bulbs have been replaced with compact fluorescent ones , and more than 250 hotels  including some Residence Inns  have earned an Energy Star efficiency label from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . Starwood : The new Element brand 's goal is for every hotel to be LEED certified . Its first property , which opened last year in Lexington , Massachusetts , is fully loaded with Energy Star appliances , LED lighting , and top-notch ventilation systems . All together , that saves enough energy annually to power 236 homes . WATER CONSERVATION Tightening up on all the drips and drops in hotel bathrooms Hilton : The company 's aim : to reduce water use at all of its brands , such as Hilton , DoubleTree , and Embassy Suites , by 10 percent by 2014 . Its nearly 90 European properties have taken the lead , installing water-saving toilets , showerheads , and faucets over the past three years . Home-turf hotels are next . Hyatt : Nearly all North American properties have "  low-flow " showerheads  which use a maximum of 2.5 gallons of water per minute  and toilets  1.6 gallons of water per flush  . The improvements helped reduce the chain 's overall water consumption by 3 percent in 2007 . Marriott : Over the past 10 years , the company has added some 400,000 low-flow showerheads and toilets to all of its locations worldwide . Marriott also buys 1 million towels annually that do n't require prewashing , conserving 6 million gallons of water each year . Starwood : All new Element hotels will have low-flow water fixtures in rooms and water-efficient landscaping ; its Lexington star has led the way , saving up to 1 million gallons of water per year . GREEN DESIGN Thinking about the environment from the foundation up Accor : The Motel 6 brand broke ground last year on an ultra-green building near Dallas , with laminate flooring made from recycled wood chips and a solar-powered water-heating system . Best Western : Opening this year in Golden , Colorado , the chain 's first LEED-certified hotel will run partially on solar power and have a porous asphalt parking lot to reduce storm-water runoff . Hilton : The company 's green gem is in Vancouver , Washington : a LEED-approved hotel with low-emission paint on the walls and special drains that funnel rainwater into wells for future use . Hyatt : Seattle 's Hyatt at Olive 8 , which opened in January , has an 8,000-square-foot rooftop garden , water-efficient dual-flush toilets , outlets in the parking lot for electric cars , and lighting controlled by room key cards . Marriott : In 2005 , the Marriott in College Park , Maryland , was the first chain hotel in the U.S. to become LEED certified . Among the earth-friendly frills : kitchen composting , in-room recycling bins , water pitchers instead of plastic bottles , and an organic restaurant . Starwood : All eight Element locations being built across the country this year have carpets and cushions made from recycled materials , art mounted on frames constructed from old tires , and priority parking for guests with hybrids . RECYCLING Allowing not a single can , bottle , or plastic key card to go to waste Hyatt : Starting this year , the company will only use key cards and shampoo and lotion containers made from recycled plastics . Hyatt has also begun recycling its own aluminum , plastics , and paper in countries such as Russia and Chile where such programs do n't exist . Intercontinental : As part of a pilot program started two years ago , about 140 Candlewood Suites properties donated old furniture and linens to local families following renovations -- helping to cut back on landfill . It hopes to replicate the initiative nationwide . Marriott : Each year , the chain buys 47 million pens and 24 million key cards made from recycled plastics ; it has also eliminated Styrofoam and plastic utensils at all of its locations . Coming soon : bed pillows made from the polyester fibers of recycled plastic bottles . Wyndham : Debuting later this year at Super 8 motels across the country : new staff uniforms fashioned entirely from recycled plastic bottles . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you and enter to win a free trip - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Survey : 68 percent of U.S. hotels said they had energy-efficient lights InterContinental aims to cut energy consumption by as much as 25 percent Nearly all North American Hyatt properties have "  low-flow " showerheads and toilets
CNN  -- A U.S. Navy minesweeper remained stuck in a reef teeming with endangered marine life off the Philippines on Sunday , prompting an American commander to apologize and promise stepped-up efforts to prevent further damage . The USS Guardian ran aground early Thursday in the Tubbataha Reef , about 80 miles east-southeast of Palawan Island in the Sulu Sea , the U.S. Navy reported . All 79 sailors were evacuated from the 224-foot ship . Hazardous weather and rough seas have hindered efforts to survey the empty Guardian and the surrounding area , though the Navy acknowledges damage to the reef . "  As a protector of the sea and a sailor myself , I greatly regret any damage this incident has caused the Tubbataha Reef , " said Vice Adm. Scott Swift , the U.S. 7th Fleet commander , in a report posted Sunday on a Navy website . "  We know the significance of the Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park and its importance as a World Heritage Site . Its protection is vital , and we take seriously our obligations to protect and preserve the maritime environment . " The Guardian , an Avenger-class mine countermeasures ship based in Japan , was heading from Subic Bay to its next port call in Indonesia when it struck the reef 's south atoll , the Navy said . The incident remains under investigation . Initial efforts to free the ship failed and its crew was transferred by small boats to other U.S. ships . The U.S. Navy reported no signs of oil slicks in the area . Philippine Navy spokesman Lt. Cmdr. Gregory Favic -- in a report on the official Philippines News Agency  PNA  -- similarly indicated no evidence of oil . Three Philippine naval ships were in the area , along with a number of U.S. ships , according to Sunday 's PNA report . The U.S. Navy will step up efforts on Monday when Rear Adm. Thomas Carney takes over as on-site commander on the destroyer USS Mustin . The focus is "  preventing any further environmental damage to the reef and surrounding marine environment , " according to the Navy report . Home to a vast array of sea , air and land creatures , as well as sizable lagoons and two coral islands , Tubbataha Reefs Natural Park is a UNESCO World Heritage site . About 500 species of fish and 350 species of coral can be found there , as can whales , dolphins , sharks , turtles and one of the last surviving colonies of breeding seabirds in the region , according to UNESCO . CNN 's Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	A U.S. Navy minesweeper got stuck Thursday in a sensitive reef off the Philippines It remained there Sunday , with no sailors aboard and its damage still not surveyed A U.S. navy official says , " I greatly regret any damage this ... caused the Tubbataha Reef " The reef , a World Heritage Site , contains threatened and endangered marine species
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- An Islamic court in northern Nigeria has prohibited a human rights group from using social networking Web sites to discuss amputations as punishment , court records show . The court in Kaduna city ordered the Civil Rights Congress of Nigeria not to have forums on Twitter , Facebook or other sites discussing the 2000 punishment of Mallam Bello Jangebe , whose right hand was amputated for stealing . "  It 's the 10th anniversary of the amputation -- and we wanted to mark the anniversary by opening the discussion , " said Shehu Sani , president of the Civil Rights Congress . "  We reject and condemn the ban , and plan to challenge it in a higher court . " The group opened the discussion on some sites last week . Sani said the court was concerned that the forums would criticize Sharia law . "  But we just wanted to use it to get views , " he said . Jangebe 's hand was cut off after he was convicted of stealing a cow , according to a report by Amnesty International . The decision by Kaduna court Monday came after the Association of Muslim Brotherhood group decried planned forums in a lawsuit last week . In its motion , the pro-Sharia group said the debate on social sites would mock the strict Islamic law as "  negative issues will be discussed . " The page for a group on Facebook called "  The amputation of Malam Buba Bello Jangebe " said it is "  dedicated to discussions and debate relating to court-ordered amputations in Nigeria . " "  Recently , a pro-Sharia group successfully argued that forums on Facebook and Twitter would mock the Sharia system . The intention of this group is to stimulate rational debate about the moral , social and legal implications of such a court ruling on our right to free speech and freedom of association , " the statement on the site says . The Facebook group , which has 16 members , called for a discussion on the matter to begin Wednesday . Only one comment has been posted under "  discussions , " and it says that "  Islam is trying to shut down free speech worldwide . " -- CNN 's Jonathan Pride contributed to this report .	In 2000 , Sharia court ordered man 's hand amputated for stealing a cow Rights group was promoting discussion of amputation on 10th anniversary of case Islamic court said discussions could lead to criticism of strict Islamic Sharia law
CNN  -- Slow-moving Tropical Storm Isaac continues to drench the central Gulf Coast region . Heading into Thursday , thousands of people in Louisiana , Mississippi and Alabama were under states of emergency . Get the latest Isaac updates on CNN.com 's live blog A summary of the latest situations in each state : Louisiana -- New Orleans on Wednesday declared a dusk-to-dawn curfew . -- Tulane University has canceled classes for the rest of the week and will resume on Tuesday after Labor Day , according to the university 's website . -- Louisiana State University , in Baton Rouge , will be closed through Thursday , the school said on its website . -- Entergy officials said they are taking one of their nuclear power plants west of New Orleans offline . -- State government offices were closed Wednesday and will remain closed Thursday . -- New Orleans City Hall will reopen next Tuesday . -- The U.S. Geological Survey said that the Mississippi River flowed backward for nearly 24 hours on Tuesday . -- The new $ 165 million Seabrook Floodgate at the north end of the Industrial Canal was closed for the first time for a storm event . -- Fifty-six parishes have issued emergency declarations . -- Seven parishes announced mandatory evacuations in their jurisdictions . -- Plaquemines Parish officials issued a curfew until sunrise Wednesday . -- The Department of Corrections has moved prisoners from coastal parishes to state prison facilities . Open Story : Isaac makes landfall -- Bus and street car service in New Orleans , and Amtrak and Greyhound service to and from the city have been shut down . -- President Barack Obama declared a state of emergency , and federal aid is on the way . -- The Federal Emergency Management Agency is in charge of recovery operations , and more than 5,000 National Guard troops have been activated . -- The Louisiana National Guard has deployed 48 boat teams and 13 communications teams . -- New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu did not issue an evacuation order but called for people outside the city 's protective levees to leave . -- The city 's pump stations have backup generators ready in case of electrical outages . -- Crews have been evacuated from oil production platforms and drilling rigs in the Gulf of Mexico . -- The Coast Guard has closed the Mississippi River from Baton Rouge to the Gulf of Mexico and will not respond to water emergencies until after the storm passes . -- Cargo terminals within the Port of New Orleans have ceased operations . -- The Texas A&M - Louisiana Tech football game , originally scheduled for Thursday in Shreveport , has been postponed until October 13 . -- The New Orleans Saints football team moved its practices to Cincinnati . -- Gov. Bobby Jindal is skipping the GOP convention in Tampa , Florida , because of the storm . Florida -- Coast Guard air crews were searching for a missing person who had been using a personal watercraft off the coast of Pensacola . -- Isaac caused minor damage as it skirted South Florida . -- Thirty members of the Florida National Guard were activated , the governor 's office said . -- Aircraft at six military bases were relocated , the Defense Department said . Mississippi -- All low-lying areas in Hancock County are flooding , according to local emergency management officials -- There is "  quite a bit of flooding " in Pass Christian , Harrison County emergency management said . -- There are more than 49,000 customers without power , according to utility companies . -- More than 2,100 people are in shelters in the state . -- Truckloads of water , generators and food were staged and ready for distribution . -- Two gas station owners were arrested for price gouging . The attorney general 's office said it has received almost 160 calls related to gas price complaints . -- The president declared a state of emergency for southern Mississippi and ordered federal aid . -- Residents can call 211 for information on shelters , assistance and transportation . -- Mandatory evacuations have been ordered in parts of Hancock and Jackson counties . -- Gulfport-Biloxi International Airport has closed . -- A hurricane warning is in effect for the entire coast . -- About 1,500 National Guard troops have been deployed . -- Gulfport authorities ordered the port cleared of cargo vessels . -- More than 80,000 sandbags had been distributed . -- The Department of Environmental Quality asked residents to report any sightings of oil or oily material to 1-800-424-8802 . Alabama -- Some 3,000 customers were without power , according to Alabama Power . -- A tropical storm warning is in effect for the entire coast . -- Authorities are warning of strong winds , high water and storm surges . -- Gov. Robert Bentley ordered an evacuation of parts of Baldwin and Mobile counties . -- Residents in low-lying or flood-prone areas are urged to leave voluntarily . -- Mobile 's airport reopened Wednesday afternoon . Share your videos and images of Isaac	Louisiana : 56 parishes under state of emergency Florida : People are ordered to evacuate parts of downtown Pensacola Mississippi : There are reports of flooding in Hancock and Harrison counties Alabama : Authorities warm of strong winds , high water and storm surges
CNN  -- The price of silverware just got a whole lot more expensive . But can $ 134 million and the royal seal of approval of the Duchess of Cambridge , Kate Middleton , bring the coveted America 's Cup back to British shores for the first time in history ? "  This is about righting a wrong , " said Ben Ainslie , the most successful Olympic sailor of all time , as he revealed the British team he hopes will defeat billionaire Larry Ellison 's reigning U.S. champions . "  We 've never won it . We have a huge maritime history . We have to bring this thing home . " In the 163 year history of the race , Britain has never won the prestigious silver trophy . Adding insult to injury , the first competition took place on its shores in 1851 . Will the "  Auld Mug , " as it is affectionately known , finally return to its birthplace in the next edition of the race in 2017 ? Thanks to that hefty budget -- partly spent on designing high-tech boats capable of slicing through the water at 95 kilometers per hour -- Britain 's challenge is not to be taken lightly . Rule Britannia Glamor to the bid was provided by the Duchess , who joined Ainslie on the manicured lawns of London 's Maritime Museum for the official launch on a sweltering summer morning . A keen sailor herself , the Duchess went head-to-head against her husband Prince William in a yacht race during their recent tour of Australia and New Zealand -- emerging victorious 2-0 . It 's hoped she 'll not only pass on some of that winning spirit to Ainslie 's team , but also add the type of international lustre so attractive to the world 's richest investors . Money matters Around 40 % of the $ 134 million budget has already been raised , with Ainslie and his board now on the hunt for big commercial sponsorship . It 's a huge investment -- and one they 're touting as the advertising chance of a lifetime . "  If you could be the brand that brings the America 's Cup back to Britain , I think that 's a phenomenally powerful thing to be associated with , " said Charles Dunstone , chairman of the racing team and co-founder of British phone retailer The Carphone Warehouse . "  We certainly would n't say it has to be a British company , " he added . "  But I think it needs to be someone who has business interests and is supportive of Britain . " Ellison 's Oracle The team will need deep pockets to be a serious contender against reigning champions Oracle Team USA -- owned by tech billionaire Larry Ellison , the fifth wealthiest person in the world according to Forbes . Ainslie is under no illusions about the challenges ahead . He was part of Ellison 's 2013 winning team , helping them to a thrilling comeback against Emirates Team New Zealand . "  Standing on that podium it did cross my mind that this would be more satisfying with a British team , " said 37-year-old Ainslie . "  This is n't Larry Ellison 's budget , so we have to be very focused with the money we have , " he said , adding that the multimillion dollar pot would go towards design , logistics , and a world class crew . And if anyone is up to the mammoth task of taking on Ellison , it 's got to be Ainslie . "  They say Ainslie has the Midas touch -- I 'm not sure about that , but I have seen him time and time again achieve the impossible , " said Olympic gold medalist and CNN 's Main Sail presenter Shirley Robertson . "  That said , he 's also no stranger to the monetary might of Ellison and what that can achieve . " Daring design This is not a competition based on brute strength alone , and part of Britain 's success will come down to the clever design of their vessel . Gone are the days of heavy yachts with single hulls and white billowing sails . Today 's multihulls are like airplanes on water , sitting high above the waves , with crew members wearing wetsuits , carry oxygen tanks , and communicating via radio . Combined with advancements in TV coverage -- thrilling angles , graphics and on board cameras -- last year 's Cup coverage breathed new life into a notoriously unfriendly spectator sport . "  Finally here was a format the public seemed to absolutely love , " said Dunstone . "  People who had never talked about sailing before , never had any interest in it , suddenly became absolutely captivated by the Cup . " Britain 's best bet ? Of the six crew members revealed , four hail from Britain and two from New Zealand -- including three times America 's Cup winner Jono MacBeth . The New Zealander was quick to point out that Ainslie was "  the type of bloke who always gets in the first round of beers , " and you get the feeling this is n't just an assemblage of world class athletes , but close friends hoping to make history together . "  I remember as a kid watching these amazing boats racing , " said Ainslie , who grew up in Cornwall , on England 's picturesque south west coast . "  It 's just something that hit me , and I had this burning ambition and desire to be part of the America 's Cup team -- and ultimately part of the winning British America 's Cup team . " How true that turns out to be , we 'll soon find out . Timeline : 162 years of America 's Cup yacht design Insight : Aussie wine tycoon to challenge Team USA Images : Daredevil sailing photographer on the perfect shot	Britain has never won the America 's Cup -- could that change ? Sailing star Ben Ainslie launches $ 134m challenge against U.S. champions Duchess of Cambridge , Kate Middleton , gives royal seal of approval Modern multihulls are feats of engineering , slicing through waves at 95kph
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Three U.S. drone strikes killed five suspected al Qaeda militants after hitting two vehicles in Yemen 's southern Shabwa province , two local security officials told CNN Thursday . The first strike killed three militants in al-Saeed district , the officials said . The other two strikes were in nearby Aal Mahdi district -- with the first one missing its target , and the second killing the other two militants , they added . Read more : A dangerous new world of drones "  The drone strikes killed five al Qaeda fighters but other militants are still on the run and hiding in the area , " one of the officials told CNN on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to talk to media . "  These parts of Shabwa have been strongholds for militants for more than a year , in large part because of the weak government security presence . " Residents in al-Saeed said the drones have been flying in the district for nearly a week . U.S. drones have been targeting hideouts and operatives of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  for the last two years in Yemen . FBI Director Robert Mueller told Congress in May that al Qaeda and its affiliates , "  especially al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , currently represent the top counterterrorism threat to the nation . " The group was behind the so-called underwear bomb attempt on a U.S.-bound international flight on Christmas Day 2009 and an effort to smuggle bombs in printer cartridges onto U.S.-bound cargo planes in 2010 . Read more : Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's second in command killed , Yemen says The Yemeni army killed hundreds of militants and arrested many others in the provinces of Abyan and Shabwa this year , after the terror group took advantage of a political stalemate in the country in 2011 to seize control of numerous towns in the south . The drone strikes have sparked controversy in Yemen and Pakistan , where they 're also used to target militants , after civilians have been killed accidentally in some of the explosions . Read more : Obama ramps up covert war in Yemen Yemen 's parliament summoned Interior Minister Abdul-Kader Qahtan last month , demanding an explanation for a U.S. drone attack that killed 13 people , including two women , in the town of Rada in al-Baidha province . Members of parliament demanded an immediate investigation into U.S. drone strikes that they said targeted "  innocent people " under the pretext of fighting al Qaeda . Lawmaker Nabil Al-Basha strongly criticized the attitude of the Yemeni government toward the drone strikes , noting that extra-judicial killing is prohibited in all laws and legislations . Read related : Suspected U.S. drone strike kills civilians in Yemen , officials say However , President Abdu Rabo Mansour Hadi , who visited the United States over the weekend , said Saturday that he personally approves every U.S. drone strike in his country and described the remotely piloted aircraft as a technical marvel that has helped reverse al Qaeda 's gains . After taking office in February , Hadi vowed to continue fighting al Qaeda until the group is uprooted from the country .	The strikes targeted militants in Shabwa province , officials say Other militants are still hiding in the area , one official says The U.S. considers al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula one of the most dangerous groups
CNN  -- Across America , middle-class families are wondering how they 'll send their kids to college , pay their mortgages and still manage to save enough for retirement . Women across America face an uphill climb in the workplace , as they continue to earn less than men . We still sit in traffic on congested roads built decades ago , and then drive on run-down roads and crumbling bridges . These are among the problems our elected leaders are expected to address . These are the issues voters want us to focus on . But those are not the issues that the American people will remember as the priorities of John Boehner and the 113th Congress . Instead , House Republicans have been focused on anything but strengthening the middle class . Under Boehner as speaker , they have hopscotched from issue to issue , not to govern , but in the hopes of finding the silver bullet to motivate their base to elect them -- because they know that they will lose on one crucial issue : the economy . Boehner and leading Republicans have said over and over that this election is about : the IRS , the Affordable Care Act , Benghazi , immigration -- and the list goes on . The headlines alone tell the story : • 11/18/13 : Obamacare Mess Defines GOP 2014 Campaign Strategy  The Fiscal Times • 1/31/14 : Republicans turn up IRS rhetoric as elections loom  Politico • 3/21/14 : Republicans Double Down on Obamacare for 2014  Time • 5/08/14 : House GOP pursue Benghazi inquiry going into midterm campaigns  PBS • 5/27/14 : House Vote on Former I.R.S Official Signals Element of GOP Election Strategy  New York Times • 8/24/14 : Republicans Shift Focus To Immigration As Leading Election Issue  Huffington Post • 9/23/14 : Republicans think the Islamic State is their winning issue  Washington Post But there is one constant that the American will remember about the 113th Congress : John Boehner and the tea party shut down our government . That shutdown , a year ago this week , eventually cost our economy $ 24 billion and hurt millions of people across the country . And while Americans were sent home from work , were denied health care treatment , and , in the case of veterans , had their benefits delayed , Republican members of Congress kept getting paid on time and did n't even need to take a break from going to the taxpayer-funded congressional gym . Across the country , Americans have already started casting votes for the 114th Congress . Those voters now have the chance to decide whether they support candidates who put special interests ahead of working moms . They can decide whether they want leaders who think women should be able to make their own choices about their health care . Voters will be casting their ballots knowing which candidate will have their back and which one will have the back of special interests . And they will remember the standout moment from this Congress : that House Republicans , who could not work together with other lawmakers on solutions , went for a shutdown instead . In the 114th Congress , House Democrats will continue our focus on the Middle Class Jumpstart agenda , a plan built on the pillars of investing in infrastructure , making college more affordable and ensuring equal pay for equal work . Ask a Democrat what this election is about . He or she will tell you it 's about strengthening the economy for America 's middle class -- exactly what voters want .	Steve Israel : Middle class worries about money , equal pay , crumbling infrastructure He says GOP has not shown these are its priorities ; party instead attacks Obama He says Boehner 's Congress will be remembered for shutting down government in 2013 Israel : Democrats running in 2014 will focus on the real priorities of the middle class
Munich , Germany  CNN  -- Iran will give "  positive consideration " to a renewed prospect of one-on-one talks with the United States on its nuclear program , its foreign minister said Sunday . Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi said a new round of talks between Iran and the five permanent U.N. Security Council members , plus Germany , would be held February 25 in Kazakhstan . Salehi spoke on the last day of the 49th Munich Security Conference , a day after U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said the Obama administration remains willing to hold direct talks with the Islamic Republic . "  That offer stands , but it must be real and tangible , and there has to be an agenda that they 're prepared to speak to , " Biden said . "  We are not just prepared to do it for the exercise . " The United States and Iran have n't had diplomatic relations since 1980 . But U.S. and Iranian diplomats had occasional talks in Baghdad during the eight-year American war in Iraq , and U.S. President Barack Obama held out the prospect of talks with Iran when he came into office in 2009 . Biden : U.S. open to direct talks with Iran Salehi noted Sunday that both Biden and the new secretary of state , John Kerry , have mentioned the possibility of talks with Iran in recent days , and "  We take these statements with positive consideration . " Salehi said Iran has "  no red line " for bilateral talks and is ready for negotiations over its nuclear program . But he added , "  We have to make sure this time -- and this I think is very fair of us -- to make sure the other side this time comes with an authentic intention , with a fair and real intention , to resolve the issue . " " Iran has defied international demands that it halt its production of enriched uranium , which it insists is to be used for civilian nuclear power and research reactors . But the United States and Israel have accused Iran of seeking the capability to produce nuclear weapons , and the International Atomic Energy Agency says it can no longer verify that Iran 's nuclear program is strictly peaceful . Iran 's refusal to shut down its uranium enrichment plants has led to tougher and tougher economic sanctions that have crippled its economy . An oil embargo and banking restrictions have crashed the Iranian currency , the rial . New U.S. sanctions imposed in January targeted a handful of companies and individuals that Washington says are providing materials and technology to Tehran 's nuclear program . Biden said Saturday that U.S. policy "  is to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon , " and said the clerical leadership in Tehran "  need not sentence their people to economic deprivation and international isolation . " "  There is still time , there is still space for diplomacy -- backed by pressure -- to succeed , " he said . "  The ball is in the government of Iran 's court , and it 's well past time for Tehran to adopt a serious , good-faith approach to negotiations with the P-5 plus 1 . " During his confirmation hearing last week , Kerry told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that if Iran can prove its nuclear work is peaceful , "  That 's what we 're seeking . " And Obama 's nominee for secretary of defense , Chuck Hagel , has in the past called for direct talks with Iran . It was a point of contention during his confirmation hearing , with some Republicans accusing him of being too soft on Iran . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , meanwhile , has urged the United States -- his country 's leading ally -- to set a "  red line " for nuclear development and make clear that if Iran crosses that line , it would risk war . Netanyahu , who won a new mandate in January , said Sunday that the job of preventing a nuclear-armed Iran "  is becoming more complex , since Iran is equipping itself with cutting-edge centrifuges that shorten the time of enrichment . We must not accept this process . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	The U.S. needs a "  fair and real intention " to resolve the nuclear issue , Iran says Holding off Iran "  is becoming more complex , " Israeli PM Netanyahu says Biden held out the prospect of direct U.S.-Iran talks Saturday Iranian foreign minister says a new round of P5 +1 talks will be held February 25
Tears streamed down 12-year-old Marcus Allen 's face in 2009 , as he recalled how members of a private suburban Philadelphia swim club had hurled racial slurs and worried aloud if he and other mostly minority day campers might steal from them . Today , Marcus is just about to turn 15 and hit the gridiron as a running back on his high school football team . He has grown up in more ways than one -- including having experienced discrimination firsthand and seen the U.S. justice system in action , its pursuit of justice driven in large part by his and other adolescents ' accounts of what they had seen and heard that summer . "  I 'm glad that people saw and felt what I felt , " Marcus , who is black , told CNN . The U.S. Justice Department announced Thursday that it and the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission reached a settlement with the now-defunct Valley Club of Huntingdon Valley , two and a half years after filing a lawsuit against the club . Under terms of the deal , the club -- which filed for bankruptcy in November 2009 a few months after the incident and had its property sold for $ 1.46 million the following June -- agreed to payouts to more than 50 children like Marcus who were part of the Creative Steps Day Care Center , their counselors and Creative Steps . The distributed money includes whatever "  remaining assets " from the club 's property sale are left over , with $ 65,000 set aside to create a diversity council made up of former Valley Club members , Creative Steps counselors , campers and their families to promote community healing , the U.S. Justice Department said . Marcus ' mother , Aletha Wright , who owns Creative Steps , told CNN on Friday that her son grew up in a white neighborhood and goes to school with mostly white students . In his first 12 years , she said her son had n't had any problems . "  This was a culture shock for him , because Marcus did n't know racism existed , " Wright said . The day care center based out of northeast Philadelphia had paid the Valley Club $ 1,950 in June of 2009 so its camp children could access its pool over the summer . But when young day campers came to the predominantly white club for the first time on June 29 , "  the children reported hearing racial slurs , " the Justice Department said . On July 3 , 2009 , "  the club refunded the day camp 's membership fee and prohibited the children from returning to swim " according to the federal agency -- a decision the Valley Club contended then was not due to the campers ' race but because "  we underestimated the capacity of our facilities . " Marcus , who was then 12 , told CNN soon after the incident that he 'd heard some club members say , "  What are these black kids here ? They might steal from us . " "  It 's kind of sad that people still thinking like this , " the tearful boy said . "  I thought those days were over . " Three years later , his mother said she feels that interview had an impact "  because  viewers  saw a child . They did n't see an African-American child . They saw a child -- before the world -- being discriminated , and he innocently just wanted to take a swim . " The recently announced settlement could net each camper between $ 15,000 and $ 30,000 , depending on their involvement in the incident , according to lawyers . Many of them plan to use the money to help pay for college , the day camp 's civil attorney Brian Mildenberg said . But not Marcus , who said he has other plans . "  I want to open my own business and do something like Steve Jobs did , " the teenager said . Wright , his mother , calls the settlement "  bittersweet , " though she does feel "  justice was served . " Another civil lawyer involved in the case , Gabriel Levin , said he believes the young campers involved get more than money from the case . "  It 's a great life lesson for these kids , " Levin said . "  They experienced something terrible and justice prevailed . "	A boy recalls hearing a mostly white club 's members talking about day campers His account of that 2009 incident was later fodder for a Justice Department lawsuit "  Marcus did n't know racism existed " before the episode , his mother says The now defunct club recently reached a settlement , including payments to campers
CNN  -- Craig Sonner and Hal Uhrig have viewed courtrooms from both the prosecution and the defense table . Until Tuesday , the two attorneys -- who have focused solely on criminal defense in recent years -- comprised the legal team representing George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer in Sanford , Florida , who ignited a firestorm of controversy when he shot and killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in February . But while the two insist they believe and support Zimmerman 's claim that he shot the teen in self-defense , they said Tuesday they could no longer claim to represent him , as they had lost contact with him . Prosecutor to make announcement soon in Martin case Of the two , Uhrig is likely more familiar with the media . He has served as a legal analyst for Fox 35 News , an Orlando television station . In July 2010 , he hosted an online chat on the Fox 35 website for viewers about the Casey Anthony murder trial . "  Regardless of what the jury decides in this case , there will be controversy , " he told one viewer . "  We may never get the truth , but we will get a verdict . " He signed off the chat with , "  Got to close out and go to earn a living . " Opinion : Let a jury decide on Trayvon Martin case In the chat , Uhrig praises both Judge Belvin Perry , who presided over the trial , and Cheney Mason , one of Anthony 's defense attorneys . The name of Jose Baez , Anthony 's lead defense counsel , is not mentioned . But Wednesday , told that Baez and another high-profile defense attorney , Mark Geragos , were among the attorneys who criticized the news conference the two held regarding Zimmerman -- and also that Baez suggested they had violated attorney-client privilege -- Uhrig denied any violation . "  I checked the list of opinions who I treasure , " Uhrig said , referring to Geragos and Baez . "  They 're not on the list . " Uhrig 's career began at the Gainesville , Florida , police department , where he worked full-time while attending law school at the University of Florida in the early 1970s . He was a sergeant by the time he earned his law degree in 1974 , according to his biography on the website of his current firm , The Defense Group . After he graduated from law school , Uhrig served as general counsel and legal adviser to the Orange County Sheriff 's Office for four years , and as a police legal adviser to 10 central Florida law enforcement agencies , the biography said . He was also vice president of the Central Florida Criminal Justice Council . He then moved to the Florida attorney general 's office , where he prosecuted cases in the RICO  Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations  and organized crime section in 1980 . He later served as a public defender in the 9th Judicial Circuit and joined the law firm of Cotter , Uhrig and Valerino , near Orlando . His profile notes that he was board certified in family law during that time as well . For the past 12 years , the profile says , Uhrig has been a managing member of an attorney group he founded , The Defense Group . According to its website , the firm limits its practice "  to the defense of DUI and other criminal charges in the state and federal courts of Florida , and to the closely related representation in domestic and repeat violence injunction proceedings . " "  Please do not rely on war stories from friends when making legal decisions that could affect your future , " The Defense Group website cautions . "  Many times a loved one calls our office frantically inquiring about an attorney for a stubborn family member who was convinced that his/her case would be dropped only to find out that charges were filed and the prosecutor is seeking jail time . " The firm says it does not list prior case results on its site "  because we value our clients ' privacy and hold the attorney-client privilege in the highest regard . " His profile also notes that Uhrig was lead counsel in the nation 's first four trials involving DNA evidence , attended the FBI National Academy in Quantico , Virginia , and did post-doctoral work at Case Western University in public safety law . Under "  activities and societies " on his profile , Uhrig writes : "  Too busy with a wife , children and full time job for ` societies ' or extra activities . " Sonner , meanwhile , earned his undergraduate degree in civil engineering from Tennessee Technology University and his law degree from Ohio Northern University . He became a member of the Florida Bar in 2001 . "  Craig devotes 100 % of his practice to criminal defense , " his website says . "  As a former prosecutor for Seminole County State Attorney 's office , he understands and uses his knowledge of the entire legal process to protect and defend your rights . " As a prosecutor , according to the site , he participated in "  thousands of criminal cases -- from filing decisions , plea offer negotiations and arguing motions to the discovery process , jury selection and participation in jury trials . "  Many people are intimidated by the court system and do not fully understand their rights , " the site says . "  Craig has witnessed people standing alone in courtrooms before judges and prosecutors , accepting plea offers because they did not have anyone on their side to explain their rights or the consequences of their plea . " According to his website , Sonner defends clients facing many types of charges , including felonies , DUIs , Internet fraud , health care fraud , insurance fraud , mortgage fraud , sex crimes , homicide and drug charges . He maintains membership in a number of professional associations . Since the two began speaking for Zimmerman , a Hispanic man , in recent weeks , they have vehemently denied he is a racist , despite allegations by Martin 's family that he racially profiled the African-American teen , calling 911 to report a suspicious person prior to the shooting . The case has drawn thousands of protesters to Sanford and sparked demonstrations nationwide , demanding Zimmerman 's arrest . Meet Angela Corey : The case 's tough , controversial prosecutor Even as late as Wednesday , while saying he no longer can represent Zimmerman , Uhrig hinted that there is more to the case than has been publicly disclosed . A special prosecutor is deciding whether Zimmerman should face charges in Martin 's death . "  We believe there 's information and evidence in the possession of the prosecutor , the investigators , the police department , the  Florida  Department of Law Enforcement that if publicly known , might change some of the course of public opinion , " Uhrig told CNN . "  We 're not at liberty to disclose  it  . We do n't have possession of it . What little we know might disclose a confidence as to where we learned about it , and  I 'm  simply not going to go there . "	Both Craig Sonner and Hal Uhrig are former prosecutors Uhrig worked as a police officer while attending law school The two said Tuesday they can not represent George Zimmerman The attorneys say they have lost contact with Zimmerman
CNN  -- Four people , including three children , were found dead inside a home in a peaceful , family-oriented northwest Florida neighborhood Saturday , police said . A Florida medical examiner is working to determine exactly what caused the death of the adult and three children , who are believed to be two 6-year-olds and a 3-year-old toddler , Tallahassee police spokesman David McCranie said . Police have launched a homicide investigation , given the condition of the dead . "  There 's obvious violence in the home , " said McCranie . "  How that violence transpired , we 're not sure . " Investigators have talked with neighbors , friends and relatives of the dead , who were found in a single-family residence . McCranie said that police are not yet identifying the relationship between the dead . "  I really do n't believe it , that I 'm not going to see those little girls running around , up and down the street anymore , " neighbor Darius Mount told CNN Tallahassee affiliate WCTV . McCranie said police found the bodies in a home in a "  typical suburban Tallahassee neighborhood . " The subdivision , "  no more than one to two square miles " in size , he said , was built within the last five years . "  There are a lot of kids , and it 's quiet , peaceful , " McCranie said . As of early Saturday evening , there were no official suspects in what McCranie called an "  active , ongoing investigation . " He said that authorities hope to have more information Sunday about the investigation . "  Right now , it 's putting all the pieces of the puzzle together , " McCranie said .	Police start a homicide probe after finding 4 people dead in Tallahassee Police believe two of the victims were 6-years-old , and another was age 3 Authorities are trying to determine a cause of death , have n't named a suspect
Fighters with the militant group the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria reached the triangle border between Iraq , Syria and Turkey , it said in a message posted on Twitter on Sunday . ISIS took control of Iraq 's largest hydroelectric dam on Iraq 's Tigris River , which provides power to the city of Mosul about 50 kilometers  31 miles  to the south , the commander of the Peshmerga Kurdish fighters who had been defending the facility said Sunday . The dam workers remained inside the facility , which fell after a 24-hour battle , Lt. Col. Herash said . A "  horrendous prospect " ISIS -- known for killing dozens of people at a time , while carrying out public executions , crucifixions and other acts -- has taken over several cities as it seeks to create an Islamic caliphate that encompasses parts of Iraq and Syria . Daniel Pipes , the president of the Middle East Forum , said seizing dams is a tactic the group uses to gain control of a town and its people . No dam , however , is as formidable or as important to Iraq as the one in Mosul . "  If you control the Mosul Dam , you can threaten just about everybody , " Pipes told CNN 's Jonathan Mann . Pipes said the militant group now has the potential to create a flood so massive and catastrophic that it would not only cause death , destruction and chaos locally in the city of Mosul , but more than 450 kilometers  280 miles  away in Baghdad as well . "  It 's a horrendous prospect , " he said . Peshmerga Kurdish fighters also pulled out of the towns of Zumar and Wana after being surrounded by ISIS fighters and isolated from any support , Kurdistan Democratic Party regional official Ismat Rajab told CNN on Sunday . FAA restricts flights over Iraq as conflict with ISIS rages The United Nations in Iraq warned that 200,000 civilians were trapped in a dire circumstances after ISIS and associated armed groups "  seized control of nearly all of Sinjar and Tal Afar districts in Ninewa Province , including the oil fields of Ain Zala and Batma , bordering the Kurdistan Region of Iraq . " Most of the refugees are from the Yezidi sect and have fled to Jabal Sinjar , the United Nations said . "  The humanitarian situation of these civilians is reported as dire , and they are in urgent need of basic items including food , water and medicine . An unknown number of civilians are also reported to have moved towards Dahuk and Zako in the Kurdistan Region . " ISIS to Christians in Mosul : Convert , pay or die ISIS took control of Sinjar , a small town inhabited by the Yezidi sect , on Saturday , according to police officials . An ISIS Twitter posting linked to a statement referencing "  the battle of opening the borderline between state of Ninawa and Dohuk provinces . " "  The Islamic Caliphate legions have launched since this morning " operations towards the northwestern regions bordering state of Nineveh , " the statement said . "  God facilitated for the mujahedeen to break into many important areas controlled by the Kurdish gangs and secular militias . " The State Department said Sunday that it was "  actively monitoring the situation " in Sinjar and Tal Afar , and said that the U.S. is supporting both Iraqi security forces and Peshmerga forces in the fight against ISIS . "  The  ISIS  assault over the past 48 hours on territories along the border of the Iraqi Kurdistan Region and focusing on towns and villages populated by vulnerable minorities , demonstrates once again that this terrorist organization is a dire threat to all Iraqis , the entire region , and the international community , " spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . U.S. agrees to send 5,000 more Hellfire missiles to Iraq	U.N. warns 200,000 civilians are trapped in a dire circumstances after ISIS gains "  They are in urgent need of basic items including food , water and medicine , " the U.N. says ISIS controls the country 's most important dam on Iraq 's Tigris River Analyst : ISIS controlling the Mosul Dam is a "  horrendous prospect "
CNN  -- Every morning Lorna Sculley wakes up unsure whether she will be able to feed her children . In her cupboard , nothing but tins of meat and beans . She questions whether her sons , who sleep on mattresses on the floor , will get the right nutrition . A 33-year-old single mother of three boys aged 12 , eight and 17 months , Lorna says the constant fear that she can not guarantee them food and shelter is "  heart-breaking . " She is one of more than a hundred thousand Britons fighting for food on a daily basis ; using food banks and other charities to ward off hunger and homelessness in the UK -- Europe 's third-largest economy -- as austerity bites . Yet from her kitchen window in east London she can see the big names of a multi-billion dollar financial powerhouse ; HSBC , Barclays , Citigroup . And though her life and those of the financiers that populate the sterile walkways of Canary Wharf are only separated by the rail lines at Poplar station , for Lorna , they are worlds apart . "  If only I could have their lives for just one day , " she tells CNN "  and not have to worry about where dinner will come from . " From April 2011 to April 2012 , the Trussell Trust - a charity that works with local communities on food banks - provided emergency aid to 128,697 people in the UK ; it predicts that number could almost double this year . Read more : Moody 's downgrades United Kingdom from AAA "  Sometimes it just feels like fighting a losing battle , " Lorna says . "  If -LSB- the -RSB- food bank was n't here I 'd be on the street . " Living in the community of Tower Hamlets , one of London 's poorest districts , Lorna is reliant on welfare benefits to put food on the table . Lorna says while she would like to work full time , she has three children to look after so depends on the state subsidies to supplement her low-paying , part-time job in the borough 's school kitchens . But as in many European countries , austerity is top of the agenda for the UK government . It aims to rein in spending -- and that includes welfare benefits -- to tackle a high national debt and low economic growth . Read more : Britain risks new recession In April , the government will implement a system that would replace the main means-tested benefits -- such as income and housing support -- with a single payment . The stated overall goal is to give people incentives to work . Critics say it means more people like Lorna may need to turn to food banks for help because there 's a chance her benefits may be reduced under the new system . Read more : British pound takes pounding But the government says the change is needed . John Stevenson , a spokesman for the Department for Work and Pensions told CNN the government already provides "  safety net " essentials like food and housing through the benefits system . He added : "  Our welfare reforms will improve the lives of some of the poorest families in our communities ; with the Universal Credit simplifying the complex myriad of benefits and making 3 million people better off . " The welfare reforms come at a time when many workers in Britain are feeling the squeeze of a global economic downturn and recession-hit Europe . Britain 's workforce has taken the biggest pay cuts in the developed world according to a study published by the Trades Union Congress . It says real wages in the UK dropped by 4.5 % between 2007 -- when the financial crisis exploded -- and 2011 . Lorna is afraid that this combination of welfare changes , low pay and rising costs will make it difficult for her to survive as a working mother after April . She is a victim of the system , says Denise Bentley , who runs the Tower Hamlets food bank , and like many Britons , she is now struggling to cope with "  food and fuel poverty . "  She has done nothing wrong and that irks me , " says Bentley . "  The cost of living has gone up but her wages have remained the same . " Lorna 's story is not unique , as demand for food banks in the UK increases greatly . In the last 12 months , the Trussell Trust has set up 140 food depositories nationwide . The scheme relies on donations from individuals and private companies as well as volunteers to run the banks themselves . Chris Mould , executive chairman of the Trussell Trust , told CNN that the government 's austerity measures meant people using food banks -- which are intended for emergency support -- needed help more often , placing strain on resources . Stagnating economic growth and a sovereign debt of 68 % of the UK economic output at the end of 2012 is fuelling the government 's austerity drive . But Mould believes the decisions of lawmakers in recent years have weighed too heavily on the country 's poor . "  The budget is going to make things significantly worse for people who are already stretched , " Mould says . Last year , the UK government ignored calls from the International Monetary Fund to relax its austerity program and allow for an economic recovery . Prime Minister David Cameron says Britain must stay the course . Lorna is offering an invitation to David Cameron to spend a week in her home to see how tough life can be when juggling a low-paying job , three children and ever-decreasing benefits . "  He would see how hard it is on a day-to-day basis , " Lorna says , "  then there would be some changes to these reforms . "	Trussell Trust - a local communities charity on food banks - provided food aid to 128,697 Britons Government aims to rein in spending -- and that includes welfare benefits -- to tackle a national debt Britain 's workforce has taken the biggest pay cuts in the developed world according to TUC
Washington  CNN  -- France 's newly elected President Francois Hollande said Friday that he is sticking to his campaign pledge to remove his country 's forces from Afghanistan by the end of the year . After an Oval Office meeting at the White House with the U.S. president , Hollande told reporters , "  I reminded President Obama that I made a promise to the French people to the effect that our combat troops would be withdrawn from Afghanistan by the end of 2012 . " But , he added , the French government "  will continue to support Afghanistan in a different way , our support will take a different format . " As the Frenchman spoke , Obama looked on but made no comment . According to the website of the International Security Assistance Force , France has 3,308 troops in Afghanistan .	Hollande reminds Obama "  that I made a promise to the French people " But France will continue to support Afghanistan "  in a different way " France has more than 3,300 forces in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Running at full speed since the summer , a lab with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , testing blood samples collected by American hospitals on patients they suspected of having Ebola , has returned a negative result in every case . Until Tuesday . Some public health officials are explaining the first confirmed case of the Ebola virus in the United States , found in a man in Dallas , as a predictable event . But at least for this case , there are many questions surrounding that assertion . Were crucial procedures that might have prevented the victim -- who Liberian officials have identified as Thomas Eric Duncan , according to an article in the New York Times -- from arriving in the United States not in place ? Have errors and missed opportunities put a handful of Dallas residents at risk of an infection , with a roughly 50 % fatality rate ? As the facts roll out about Duncan , who is fighting for his life in Presbyterian Hospital Dallas ' critical care unit , we should scrutinize the travel screening procedures in use in the United States and the apparently myriad ways Ebola patients can slip through the cracks , even in one of the world 's most advanced medical systems . We know that airport screening efforts , such as they are , failed . Duncan , traveling from the Ebola-ravaged city of Monrovia , boarded a plane bound for Dallas on September 19 after passing a screening that would have consisted of a few questions about symptoms and measurement of his body temperature . The effectiveness of the answers to screening questions depends entirely on the good faith we hold in the traveler 's truthfulness . As evidenced by numerous flights of returning aid workers and journalists , recent Ebola contacts do not bar re-entry . Reports now indicate Duncan had such a contact . Since infected Ebola victims will remain asymptomatic for up to 21 days , does the screening procedure match up with the science ? In Tuesday 's CDC briefing , Dr. Thomas Frieden , the Centers ' director , disclosed that Duncan left Liberia to visit family members living in the United States . We deserve more detail , because this choice is another possible point of intervention . Are hops from this stricken region to destinations across the Atlantic for vacation and family get-togethers reasonable at this moment ? Should travelers be required to describe a compelling reason to visit the United States , when their choice to do so potentially affects others ? Your questions answered I feel greatly for the quarantined Dallas ambulance drivers and other community contacts whose lives are now upended as they wait in quarantine away from work life , income , and all other activities for three weeks . But it goes beyond lax screening : There is no effort to follow-up with potentially infected travelers after they arrive and begin circulating in America . If checking in with a nurse via telephone every few days for three weeks sounds too expensive , why not charge an entry fee to cover that cost ? Ebola is a novel threat . It 's time we think outside the box . Beyond these screening and surveillance problems , critical medical errors have compelled the CDC to dispatch a team of epidemiologists and crisis control specialists to augment Texas public health resources . The mistakes that brought us to this point reveal the fragility of our much-vaunted American health care system when it comes to anything out of the ordinary . As a physician I can empathize with the emergency room providers at Presbyterian who discharged their patient after an exam on September 26 with a course of antibiotics that are useless for his actual diagnosis . And it appears a nurse did inquire about recent travel , and Duncan volunteered that he was from Liberia . But in a story all too common where medical errors are concerned , Presbyterian hospital admitted on Wednesday that this information was "  not fully communicated " to all the emergency room practitioners caring for him . Containing Ebola depends on such truthfulness and cooperation . CDC epidemiologists performing the painstaking "  contact tracing " of the patient 's movements for the four days he was symptomatic in the Dallas community will depend on such openness from everyone they interview . To that end , as bioethicist Art Caplan points out , some of the rationale for patient privacy may need to be rethought , given the importance of identifying contacts . The Dallas victim 's identity was a closely guarded secret by Presbyterian hospital , due to long-established norms for controlling private health information . Do those rules apply to a situation where contacts need to be identified urgently , and where the victim is at no risk of long-term stigma associated with a fast-moving disease process from which he will either survive and be noncontagious , or not ? Liberian officials released Duncan 's name Wednesday , irrespective of the hospital 's deference to privacy . This makes sense if public health is the priority . But there was another error that had followed Duncan 's initial release from the ER . On September 28 , when he returned to Presbyterian , this time deathly ill in an ambulance , the ER staff immediately suspected Ebola , Presbyterian told reporters , and called in the infectious disease team . How then did the ambulance drivers and the ambulance itself continue in circulation , unquarantined , for the next 48 hours . Hopefully no further errors will occur . To date , the four precedent-setting Ebola patients brought to American soil for treatmentâ $ " at Emory University and Omaha 's Nebraska Medical Center -- have received their successful care in CDC-partnered units designed for just such a threat . Now brave Dallas health care workers will use the level of isolation seen at most "  tertiary " care hospitals in the United States , adequate even for airborne pathogens , which Ebola is not , but not the ideal setting to provide a high level of isolation . To be effective in preventing contamination , workers will have to be more meticulous than usual , 100 % of the time , given the gravity of the infection . After Atlanta 's CDC-affiliated unit at Emory successfully treated and discharged the first two Americans to receive care here for Ebola , we learned about a disturbing lack of preparedness for handling the patient 's waste . Federal agencies did n't take the lead in coordinating those hospitalizations , and that left logistical and regulatory hurdles , causing Emory Healthcare workers to pile the waste in rubber barrels they rushed to purchase at Home Depot before ultimately sending them down the street to the CDC for proper disposal . The Dallas hospital does n't have a CDC center down the street . Let 's hope it gets the logistical support it needs from the get-go .	Ford Vox : Some say discovery of Ebola in U.S. predictable ; it did n't have to be He says screening procedures out of affected nations and into U.S. too lax Vox : Why not several weeks of health surveillance of travelers from those nations ? Vox : Truthfulness of travelers crucial , but hospitals also must be better prepared
MARANA , Arizona  CNN  -- I 've been privileged in the past to witness Tiger Woods out on a golf course . And I can tell you , it 's a painful , frustrating process . Golf fans flocked to Arizona to see Tiger make his long-awaited return to the tee . Not because the golf he produces is n't spectacular and at times utterly dazzling but it 's the sheer volume of people he attracts that help convince me each and every time golf has to be one of the worst "  out on the course " spectator sports going . That 's just my opinion though . Try telling that to the legions who got themselves to Arizona this week once they heard the world 's top player was making his return to the game after more than eight months . Woods ' first competitive slice of action in the best part of a year was n't due to get under way until around lunchtime here though judging by the fans already out on the course you 'd have thought his tee-time was more like 7am . Even those jostling for position to catch a glimpse of him on the range or putting green were taking no chances and ensuring they arrived in plenty of time . Remember all of this was before he even teed off ! The scene on that first hole was as expected bustling to say the least . The small gantries were packed anyway due to the whole array of talent on show through this week , but it got even more frenzied when the Woods-Jones match - up was announced . Mayhem to say the least ! Those seated in the stands were the lucky ones , it was the unfortunate spectators trying to stand and strain every sinew to catch a glance of that first shot from the world number one I felt for . Even us media suffered ! With seconds to go before the American struck his drive , one television camera crew , which really should have known better , blatantly blocked us from getting that prized shot . Only quick last-gasp thinking from our cameraman John saved the day . In case you were wondering that Woods drive was just majestic and he would go on to win the first two holes in fine style . When he strode off down the first fairway , there was a stampede with those looking to brave the soaring temperatures here in Arizona and follow him every step of the way . The Woods ` wow factor ' is still very much alive and kicking . The question is will the so-called bionic knee hold up in the weeks and months to come ?	Fans jostle for a view of their hero on Tiger 's return to competitive golf Woods has been out of the game for eight months after a knee injury Snell : "  The Woods ` wow factor ' is still very much alive and kicking "
Washington  CNN  -- The Nuclear Regulatory Commission released Tuesday about 3,000 pages of transcripts of conversations recorded in its operations center after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster , conversations that underscore the difficulty the agency had in responding to the nuclear crisis that was unfolding halfway around the world . "  I want to be clear , the early hours of the first day or two were very hectic , " NRC Chairman Gregory Jaczko told reporters Tuesday . "  There was not a lot of information . Much of what we knew came from a variety of sources -- some from the Japanese , some from the IAEA  International Atomic Energy Agency  and a great deal from the news media . " The transcripts , released in response to Freedom of Information Act requests , show agency officials struggling to get information about the disaster and trying to ascertain its potential impact on U.S. citizens in Japan , on potential fallout victims in the United States , and on operators of U.S. nuclear reactors of similar design . An agency spokesman said the "  basic facts " of the disaster are already known , but the trove of information provides an inside look at the inner workings of a government agency at a key moment in history . "  I do n't know if there were recordings at Three Mile Island , " NRC spokesman Eliot Brenner said , referring to the 1979 meltdown at a Pennsylvania nuclear power plant . "  This is a way for us to give the American public a look -- a firsthand look -- at what we do in a time of crisis . " The transcripts are of conversations and phone calls at the NRC 's operations center in Rockville , Maryland . Jaczko acknowledged the transcripts show the confusion within the agency during the early days of the crisis triggered by the massive earthquake and tsunami of March 11 , 2011 , but said he believes they reflect well on the agency . "  As challenging as these days were , I have never been more honored to be the chairman of this agency than I was while I was leading the staff in this response , " Jaczko said . "  What we 're making public today is in effect a very important historical record , and I 'm tremendously proud of the important work here by the staff of the NRC . " Agency officials said the Fukushima experience demonstrated the "  significant limitation " the United States had on getting information about an incident "  halfway around the world . " "  In this country , we would expect to have much more direct access to information , " said Dan Dorman , deputy director of engineering and corporate support . Officials also said that previous exercises in the command center had not fully prepared them for what turned out to be a months-long event that required teams of people working round-the-clock for months . They said they did n't communicate as fully as they should have with state officials , who were seeking information about the potential for fallout and the safety of their own nuclear plants . The transcripts are posted at : http://pbadupws.nrc.gov/docs/ML1205/ML120520264.html	"  The early hours of the first day or two were very hectic , " NRC chairman says The transcripts were released in response to FOIA requests Distance from disaster posed a "  significant limitation , " NRC officials say NRC chairman says he believes the transcripts reflect well on the agency
CNN  -- The future of Detroit is electric cars , the governor of Michigan declared in an opinion piece on Newsweek 's Web site . The Chevy Volt is one of the electric cars being developed by Michigan 's auto industry . "  In Michigan , we are doing everything we can to become the home of this new electric auto industry -- and to the jobs this industry will create , " wrote Gov. Jennifer Granholm . "  Again , the road to a stronger future for our country will begin in Michigan . " She said that for automakers , replacing the 100-year-old internal-combustion engine is both "  revolutionary and daunting . " Ann Marie Sastry , director of the energy systems engineering program at the University of Michigan , said the industry will have to take risks and government support will be essential . "  Gov. Granholm is doing exactly what we all hope our elected officials will do -- she is supporting partnerships and growth in critical economic areas , " Sastry said . "  She 's enunciated a vision for clean vehicles that builds our regional economy and provides global , sustainable transportation solutions . "  We understand that these investments will take time to reach profitability , but these are hard problems , and they are worth investment and risk . The risk of doing nothing is much , much greater . I 'm glad she is making the case for Michigan . " Granholm said all of Detroit 's Big Three automakers -- General Motors , Ford and Chrysler -- are working on electric vehicles . "  General Motors plans to make lithium-ion battery packs to power the Chevy Volt , which is expected to earn a fuel-economy rating of more than 100 mpg , " she wrote . " ... As Ford celebrates the sale of the 100,000 th hybrid Escape , it is preparing for the introduction of a full line of new hybrid and plug-in hybrid vehicles . Chrysler , too , is electrifying its product lines . " Sastry said she could n't be more delighted with GM 's plans for the Volt as a "  truly mass-marketed electrified drive train using electric technology . " In 2008 , GM sold 14,439 hybrid vehicles , according to a statement from the company . "  These companies are serious about transforming themselves and transforming us into a nation less reliant on foreign oil , " Granholm wrote . Sastry said public opinion toward energy conservation is a major factor in the companies being willing to take the risk of creating the new types of cars . "  These very large companies are placing a bet on the future in no small measure because of the American public 's change in attitude toward it , " she said . In her commentary , Granholm referred to President Barack Obama 's plan , announced in February , to direct $ 2 billion from the economic stimulus package into technology aimed at putting 1 million American-made , plug-in hybrid vehicles on the road by 2015 . Sastry said it 's hard to predict when something of that scale will happen -- many industry experts disagree on an exact time -- but it will happen . "  Keep in mind , several industries have to work together to make this happen , " she said .	Gov. Jennifer Granholm says auto industry 's future is electric University of Michigan expert agrees Big Three need to move to electric cars Public opinion on energy conservation is pushing the move , expert says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Fourteen mothers , whose children prosecutors say were sexually abused by a Los Angeles teacher facing 23 felony charges , sued the school district on Tuesday seeking damages for "  generalized shock and trauma . " The lawsuit , filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court , also seeks unspecified "  compensatory economic and special damages for medical expenses , " which include psychological therapy , according to court papers and attorneys for the plaintiffs . The suit also seeks reforms to the Los Angeles Unified School District , which "  has a practice and custom of maintaining a ` Culture of Silence ' to hide teacher misconduct , and to ignore teacher misconduct , " the suit said . The legal action stems from a criminal case against former teacher Mark Berndt of Miramonte Elementary , who is being held on $ 23 million bond and faces 23 felony counts of lewd acts on children . Berndt , 61 , pleaded not guilty in February to allegations he bound young students , then photographed them with semen-filled spoons held at their mouths and three-inch cockroaches crawling across their faces , among other graphic depictions . L.A. schools review past 40 years of teacher discipline cases in misconduct crisis The 23 victims were between 7 and 10 years old , and all but two of them were girls , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . The 14 mothers ' lawsuit says Berndt took photographs of their children "  with cookies in the mouths of plaintiff 's children , and/or blindfolded the children , and/or placed cockroaches on the bodies of plaintiff 's children , for the intent of arousing and gratifying the lust , passions and sexual desires of Mark Berndt . " One of two mothers who spoke at a press conference on Tuesday said her now 10-year-old daughter was victimized by Berndt while a student at Miramonte from 2009 to 2010 . CNN , which has interviewed the mother in recent months , is n't identifying the mother or other parents in order to protect the identities of the children . "  I am asking for justice and I want justice to be done to this man , " the mother , 43 , said . She wants the district to be held accountable for its "  negligence , " she said . In a recent CNN interview , the mother said her daughter went to Berndt 's classroom , where "  he would give her some cookies . My daughter told me that the teacher would say the cookies had sugar and some white stuff that was on it , " the mother said . In that CNN interview , the mother was joined by her daughter , who told CNN : "  We would help him clean his class and he would give us cookies . "  They were white and they had a white stuff on top , and he would put some sort of powder " on the cookie , the girl said . The parents told CNN they did n't tell their daughter what could have been on the cookie . The girl 's father , 46 , who joined his wife at Tuesday 's press conference , told CNN the couple does n't want money but rather justice , so other families wo n't "  suffer what 's happening to us , " the dad said . Their daughter is now enrolled at another school . The daughter and mother are both in counseling , he said . "  We do n't want money , because our children 's health physically and mentally is not going to be the same , " the father said . California teacher pleads not guilt in student ` bondage ' case The other mother at Tuesday 's press conference told reporters that her daughter is now rebellious and is also in counseling . Five of the children in the civil lawsuit are among the 23 alleged victims in the criminal case , said Luis A. Carrillo , the attorney for the 14 mothers . Los Angeles County sheriff 's detectives are investigating the accusations of the nine other children identified as victims in the civil suit , Carrillo said . Sheriff 's Lt. Carlos Marquez , the lead investigator in the case , said Tuesday that detectives interviewed more than 100 Miramonte students and have presented all those cases to the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office for review . It 's up to the district attorney whether to bring charges on behalf of additional victims , beyond the current 23 , Marquez said . Sandi Gibbons , a spokeswoman for the district attorney 's office , declined to comment Tuesday on whether additional charges would be filed . Berndt 's attorney , public defender Victor Acevedo , declined to comment Tuesday because he had n't seen the lawsuit . David Holmquist , general counsel for the Los Angeles school district , said student safety was the system 's "  paramount priority . " "  The district is committed to working with the Miramonte community and everyone impacted by these incidents to improve trust and promote healing , " Holmquist said in a statement . "  While the district has yet to receive the latest complaint , we are continuing our efforts to ensure that we are doing everything possible to provide a safe learning and working environment for our students and staff . " In May , another civil lawsuit was filed against the school district on behalf of 22 children who claimed they were sexually abused by Berndt , said Carrillo , who also is the attorney for the plaintiffs in that case . The lawsuit , also filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court , alleged that Berndt "  engaged in sexual assault , sexual harassment , which includes sex discrimination per LAUSD 's policies , and/or sexual exploitation of the plaintiffs that included lewd , obscene and/or lascivious acts " with the 22 children age 6 to 9 years old between 2002 and 2011 , court papers said . The children of the 14 mothers in Tuesday 's lawsuit are also part of the May lawsuit , Carrillo said . In December 2010 , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department began investigating Berndt after authorities learned of hundreds of "  questionable photographs of children on film that Mr. Berndt had brought  to  a local store to have developed , " according to Tuesday 's lawsuit . Berndt was removed from his teaching job in January 2011 after school officials learned of the police investigation , authorities said . Authorities have said they have discovered roughly 600 images allegedly taken by Berndt in his classroom . A teacher for 30 years , Berndt initially challenged the school district 's decision to dismiss him . But he eventually dropped his appeal and resigned in spring 2011 . His arrest in January led to broader fallout over the adequacy of safeguards for the school 's students and the prospect of more victims . Days after Berndt was taken into custody , another Miramonte Elementary teacher -- Martin Springer , 49 -- was arrested and charged with three felony counts of lewd acts with a girl younger than 14 . He has pleaded not guilty . The Los Angeles Unified School District board subsequently shut Miramonte for two days , during which the board reconstituted the entire staff in the 1,400-student school . Miramonte is in unincorporated Los Angeles County within the Florence-Firestone area , about six miles south of downtown Los Angeles . Misconduct scandal prompts L.A. schools to send 604 teacher discipline cases to state	Fourteen mothers suffer "  shock and trauma " as result of a school 's child sex abuse case At least one mom says she does n't want money , but rather justice and reform Five of the 14 kids are also victims in criminal case against a former teacher , attorney says Former teacher Mark Berndt of Miramonte Elementary faces 23 felony lewd acts upon children
CNN  The overdramatic , oversexed and over-the-top hilarious camp counselors of "  Wet Hot American Summer " are set to return for a reboot of the cult classic summer camp movie , Netflix has announced . The streaming video service released a trailer Tuesday for the eight-episode miniseries "  Wet Hot American Summer : First Day of Camp , " which will revisit the wacky group of kids and counselors from Camp Firewood 's summer of ' 81 . Set to return are ensemble cast members Elizabeth Banks , Michael Ian Black , Bradley Cooper , Janeane Garofalo , Amy Poehler , David Hyde Pierce , Paul Rudd , Molly Shannon and Michael Showalter , among others . The show will debut this summer and tell the "  story of the first day of Camp Firewood 's famous summer season , " 14 years after the film 's debut in 2001 . The movie told the story of the last day of camp . David Wain , who directed the movie , will also oversee the series .	"  Wet Hot American Summer : First Day of Camp " will debut on Netflix this summer Original cast members are set to return for the limited-edition reboot "  Wet Hot American Summer " was released in 2001
Current and former members of the Penn State football program were among those offering condolences Sunday following the death of legendary ex-head coach Joe Paterno . Penn State Board of Trustees and University President Rodney Erickson : "  We grieve for the loss of Joe Paterno , a great man who made us a greater university . His dedication to ensuring his players were successful both on the field and in life is legendary and his commitment to education is unmatched in college football . His life , work and generosity will be remembered always . The University plans to honor him for his many contributions and to remember his remarkable life and legacy . We are all deeply saddened . We are considering appropriate ways to honor the great life and legacy of Joe Paterno . The University 's Department of Intercollegiate Athletics is consulting with members of the Penn State community on the nature and timing of the gathering . " Bill O'Brien , Penn State head football coach : "  It is with great sadness that I am compelled to deliver this message of condolence and tribute to a great man , husband , father and someone who is more than just a coach , Joe Paterno . First , on behalf of Penn State Football , we offer our sincerest condolences to the Paterno family for their loss . We also offer our condolences to the Penn State community and , in particular , to those who wore the Penn State colors , our Nittany Lion football players and alumni . Today they lost a great man , coach , mentor and , in many cases , a father figure , and we extend our deepest sympathies . The Penn State football program is one of college football 's iconic programs because it was led by an icon in the coaching profession in Joe Paterno . There are no words to express my respect for him as a man and as a coach . To be following in his footsteps at Penn State is an honor . Our families , our football program , our university and all of college football have suffered a great loss , and we will be eternally grateful for Coach Paterno 's immeasurable contributions . " Jerry Sandusky , former Penn State assistant football coach who is at the center of the child sex abuse scandal that cost Paterno his job late last year : "  This is a sad day ! Our family , Dottie and I would like to convey our deepest sympathy to Sue and her family . Nobody did more for the academic reputation of Penn State than Joe Paterno . He maintained a high standard in a very difficult profession . Joe preached toughness , hard work and clean competition . Most importantly , he had the courage to practice what he preached . Nobody will be able to take away the memories we all shared of a great man , his family , and all the wonderful people who were a part of his life . " Tim Curley , former Penn State Athletic Director who went on leave amid the child sex abuse scandal : "  Words can not express the sorrow my family and I feel . Joe has been an integral part of my life for more than 35 years . Joe coached me , mentored me , taught me what it meant to compete with integrity and honor , and above all demonstrated with each day that he lived , the power of humility . Our thoughts , prayers and sincere condolences go out to the Paterno family . " Gary Schultz , a former Penn State vice president who retired amid the child sex abuse scandal : "  With profound sadness , my family and I want to express our heartfelt condolences for the Paterno family today . I had the sincere honor and distinct pleasure to work with Joe for many , many years at Penn State . No one loved Penn State more than Joe . We will all miss him . " Former President George H.W. Bush : "  I was deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Joe Paterno . He was an outstanding American who was respected not only on the field of play but in life generally -- and he was , without a doubt , a true icon in the world of sports . I was proud that he was a friend of mine . Barbara and I send our condolences to his devoted wife Suzanne and to his wonderful family . " Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly : "  The Paterno family is in our thoughts and prayers as they mourn the loss of a beloved husband and father . Few people have influenced the lives of so many others in the way Joe Paterno was able to do . Today , we extend our heartfelt condolences to his family at this difficult time . " Nick Saban , head football coach at national champion University of Alabama : "  Joe Paterno gave his life to college football . He gave his life to the players and college football ... I never doubted with him that he was going to do what was best for college football , and the players that played it , and I think that should be his legacy . "	Former Penn State officials express sadness Jerry Sandusky : Paterno "  maintained a high standard in a very difficult profession " Former President George H.W. Bush "  deeply saddened " at Paterno 's passing
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The two men running Michael Jackson 's estate gained new powers and an extension of their authority until the end of the year in a court hearing Friday . An investigator 's report said Michael Jackson 's children are doing well with Katherine Jackson as their guardian . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff also accepted an investigator 's report that said Jackson 's three children are adjusting well under the guardianship of Katherine Jackson . "  It looks like the children are really doing wonderfully with their grandmother guardian , " Beckloff said . Joe Jackson sat in the courtroom for the hearing on estate and custody matters . It was the first time Michael Jackson 's father has attended the hearings since his son 's June 25 death . John Branca and John McClain , named as executors of Jackson 's 2002 will , have been handling the estate 's business as temporary special administrators since July while the will probate process is completed . Branca was a longtime attorney for Michael Jackson , who was rehired by the pop star just a week before his death , according to estate lawyer Howard Weitzman . McClain is a former music industry executive who worked with Jackson for years . Katherine Jackson 's challenge of Branca and McClain appears headed for a trial in December , unless an agreement is reached between them . Her lawyers have not publicly given their objections to the two men , but have suggested the trial would explore possible conflicts of interest that would prevent them from running the estate . Jackson 's lawyers have also said a Jackson family member should be included as an executor . While Joe Jackson did not speak to reporters after the hearing , a Jackson family friend , Majestik Magnificent , talked about the special administrators . "  Why are they even here ? Why are they even involved in this ? This is a family affair , " he said . Until now , the administrators had to ask for court approval for every agreement they made for the estate , including a deal for a movie that will hit theaters at the end of October . "  Things went well for the estate , because the estate can now continue to do it 's business , " Weitzman said after the hearing . Beckloff said that while the case is fascinating , his calendar is too full for him to be involved in all of the estate 's business . With their new powers , the special administrators only have to notify the court and the Jacksons about deals . Michael Jackson 's mother and three children , along with unnamed charities , are the beneficiaries of the estate , which is estimated to be worth hundreds of millions of dollars . An odd moment came in the hearing when a woman who has previously filed a papers claiming to be the mother of Michael Jackson 's youngest child , Prince Michael II , spoke up to remind the judge she was there . She says her name is Billie Jean Jackson . At the end of the hearing , Joe Jackson approached her , but she frowned at him and walked away . Majestik Magnificent later wondered aloud why reporters even give any attention to "  crazy " people surrounding the case .	Judge extends Michael Jackson administrators ' powers until the end of the year Administrators of estate do n't need to have court approval for every decision Joe Jackson attends court hearing for the first time since son 's death
CNN  -- I was a young traveling correspondent in the closing months of the Cold War , stunned like any other visitor from the West at the cruel tyranny that had endured for so many years in so many countries , amazed at how quickly it was toppled . I remember in particular the day the Iron Curtain came down . I just did n't realize it at the time . The Iron Curtain was n't simply a phrase made famous by Winston Churchill to describe the line separating the Soviet-dominated eastern Europe from the sovereign nations of the west . It was literally a guarded barrier that millions of people could n't cross because they were imprisoned in their home countries . But by 1988 , reformers inside the Hungarian government decided to open their border to the west and allow Hungarians to leave for Austria . The next year they began allowing East Germans on Hungarian soil to leave for Austria as well . But one thing stood in the way : Czechoslovakia . The route from East Germany to Hungary ran right through it . The government in Prague was n't looking to the west ; it was closer to the hardliners in Berlin than the reformers in Budapest . It was n't inclined to open up . Some East Germans would n't wait . In the summer of 1989 , they began seeking refuge in the West German embassy in Prague . By August , there were thousands of them , camped out in the cramped confines of the embassy grounds . Czech authorities let some leave the country but tried to stop any more from coming in . It did n't work . By November 4 , the border was opened for East Germans , even while it still stood as a barrier to the citizens of Czechoslovakia themselves . I can recall that morning in Prague , watching Germans leave the crowded embassy grounds and board buses for their trip to West Germany . The people of Prague stopped in their tracks to watch them take that coveted journey to freedom . The Czechs around me put down their shopping bags , briefcases and packages and broke into spontaneous applause . Thousands of people , who had been prisoners , had found a safe , legal way to escape . Less than a week later , the Berlin Wall was open . The Iron Curtain had collapsed .	CNN 's Jonathan Mann recalls the day the Iron Curtain fell Line between Soviet-dominated eastern Europe and nations of the west stood until 1988 East Germans began seeking refuge in Prague in the summer of 1989 Finally by November , the Iron Curtain had collapsed
WIRED  -- Apple 's latest OS X update , Mountain Lion , adds a slate of new features , nearly all derived from iOS 5 . There 's one big omission , however : Siri , Apple 's voice-controlled virtual assistant , does not make the migration from mobile to desktop . Now , technically , Siri is n't a part of iOS 5 . It 's marketed as the most game-changing feature of the iPhone 4S  which runs iOS 5  , and Apple has remained mum on whether Siri will ever be ported to other devices -- this to the pique of independent developers who 've hacked the feature to run on everything from the iPod touch to thermostats . Clearly , Siri is Apple 's most celebrated user feature . And , clearly , there 's interest to see it appear on other Apple devices . Indeed , companies throughout the consumer tech industry are exploring novel new user interface models , including voice-control and gesture-control . But porting Siri to Mountain Lion desktops would pose several challenges . Apple was smart to leave it out of the latest desktop update , and here 's why . Microphone logistics Microphone positioning on MacBooks and iMacs would present technical challenges for any Siri desktop port . The iPhone is designed to be held up to your face , and has a built-in mic that includes advanced noise reduction technology to ensure your voice is heard loud and clear , while street noise and the nearby guy shouting into his phone are n't picked up . In part , this is accomplished by using two microphones : one near your mouth to pick up your voice , and another near the headphone jack to identify and cancel out background noise . Yes , your MacBook Pro has an omnidirectional microphone built-in . It 's very convenient for using FaceTime in conjunction with the notebook 's camera , or for the speech recognition function built into Macs for OS control . The omnidirectional mic , however , does n't offer the same voice-processing sensitivity of the iPhone 4 ′ s dual-mic arrangement . All told , Siri voice analysis would be far more challenging on a Mac computer , particularly when other voices or noises are in the room . Granted , using an external mic , or even the mic on your throwaway iDevice earbuds , could provide a solution . But even though Siri is still considered a beta product , Apple would n't resort to such an inelegant hack just to put Siri on Macs . "  Apple has been reluctant to put in features that require something like that , " Forrester analyst Frank Gillett told Wired . "  It 's too fussy for what they like to do . Current speech-recognition products work pretty well if you wear a special high-quality microphone . What 's very clear is they need the mic on your face , right by your lips . " Location detection Siri is all about location-awareness . She wants to give you directions , provide local weather reports , and locate the closest sources of exotic cuisine . But desktop computers do n't include native GPS . "  I think the main challenge -LSB- in bringing Siri to Mountain Lion -RSB- would be the lack of an accurate location being available , " said William Tunstall-Pedoe , CEO of True Knowledge , which has developed a Siri clone called Evi . What 's more , as Tunstall-Pedoe points out , desktop computers are relatively stationary devices , so a Mac version of Siri may not even need location-awareness , as a large portion of Siri 's talents would never be engaged . All of which begs the question , If a good portion of Siri 's functionality is n't even germane to the desktop experience , why even deliver a port ? While MacBooks do n't currently include GPS services , various web services  like Google Maps  can figure out your location by using either IP geolocation , or by triangulating your position based on WiFi networks around you . These strategies , however , deliver location accuracy limited to about 150 feet , whereas GPS can peg you within 10 feet of your precise position on the Earth . Future MacBooks could easily include GPS chip built-in for more exact positioning , but for now , laptop and desktop geolocation capabilities are n't accurate -- or even that necessary . Hands-free voice control is n't needed People tend to use Siri because their hands are tied , like when driving . Thus , "  Siri , where 's the nearest gas station ? " With Siri , you can find the answer quickly , and relatively safely , while keeping your eyes on the road . But these basic use cases just do n't transfer to the desktop . "  I think it is fair to say that the advantages that a voice-powered assistant give are stronger on a small mobile device , " Tunstall-Pedoe said . "  PCs typically have a much larger screen and a keyboard and mouse . " Or , in Apple 's case , a trackpad or Magic Trackpad instead of a mouse , depending if you 're on a laptop or desktop . Either way , hand-driven data entry is a familiar -- and generally effective -- method for using today 's computers . What 's more , as Tunstall-Pedoe points out , "  PCs are also often used in environments where the use of voice would be awkward , " such as inside an open floor plan office . Granted , if you 're disabled or injured , you could certainly make use of a hands-free feature . But in these cases , you would probably want a tool more robust than Siri . Which brings us to our next point : Limited use cases With Siri , you can do things like schedule reminders , look up restaurant and business information on Yelp , get information from Wolfram | Alpha , and ask general search engine-style queries . That 's not a large number of functions , and they 're not specifically suited to the desktop environment . Indeed , why would you have Siri look up something when you can more quickly run your own Google search ? "  On the iPhone , people want to do short things , like quick dictation and sending a quick text message , " Gillette says . The use cases would be different on a Mac , and not necessarily centered around short phrases . Siri 's capabilities would need to expand in order to handle these different functions . Always-on data Lastly , Siri needs a constant data connection in order to interface with Apple 's servers . Until MacBooks include a built-in 3G , or more likely , 4G data connection , WiFi alone wo n't cut it for consistent , high-quality network availability , Gillett says . Gillett also believes Siri ties into unique hardware features that make chatter between one 's device and Apple 's data center more streamlined . "  There seems to be special silicon within a special chip that has capabilities for voice recognition that a Mac would n't have , " he said . Gillett notes that Siri is sometimes able to analyze a query and provide a response extremely quickly , while other times , it takes 10 to 15 seconds of processing . "  I think the chip does some pre-analysis , shrinks stuff it has to send , Apple 's data center gets a crunched answer , and Siri displays it on screen , " Gillett said . "  Apple may be working on Siri-enabling features -LSB- for Macs -RSB- in the future , but there will be some hardware enhancements to go with it , " Gillett said . "  And they 'll think long and hard about the use case before they implement a voice feature in the Mac . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Apple has remained mum on whether Siri will ever be ported to other devices Putting Siri to Mountain Lion desktops would pose several challenges Siri voice analysis would be far more challenging on a Mac computer Siri is all about location services and desktop computers do n't include native GPS
CNN  "  Fraggle Rock , " the long-in-the-works adaptation of the Jim Henson 1980s puppet TV show , is getting a shot in the arm with the help of Joseph Gordon-Levitt . The actor has come aboard to star in and produce the feature adaptation . He joins New Regency and The Henson Co. , who also are producing . "  Rock " was a Canadian series that became a hit internationally  it played on HBO in the U.S.  . It followed the adventures of a group of cave-dwelling puppet creatures called Fraggles . In their world was a race of small , industrious creatures named Doozers , who lived in the caves , as well as the Gorgs , furry giants who looked at Fraggles as nuisances . First Look : Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Edward Snowden in Oliver Stone 's biopic Regency initially partnered with Ivan Reitman 's The Montecito Picture Co. to produce the adaptation , hiring Jim Byrkit and Alex Manugian to write the script , as well as John Stevenson  the co-director of "  Kung Fu Panda "  to direct . See more : Snowden doc filmmaker Laura Poitras talks "  Citizenfour " reception Gordon-Levitt 's boarding indicates the project is getting a fresh start , and a new director and writers will be hired . Read more : Joss Whedon teases even more to-be-revealed characters in "  Avengers : Age of Ultron " Gordon-Levitt recently wrapped an untitled Christmas comedy with Seth Rogen and Anthony Mackie and currently is shooting Oliver Stone 's "  Snowden . " He is repped by WME . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt has signed on to star in and produce a ` Fraggle Rock ' movie The Jim Henson 1980s puppet TV show is a nostalgic favorite
OPRAH.com  -- One portion of macaroni and cheese . One slice of chocolate cake . One pair of svelte black pants . Do some very simple , if highly emotional , addition and subtraction , and you arrive at a whole new way to see yourself . The first documented instance of my distorted body image is an entry in my fourth-grade journal . "  I just ate three cookies , " it says . "  I feel fat . " There is no way that I actually was ; my jeans , although dorky , fit just fine . Nevertheless , the disconnect grew worse as puberty approached -- especially in eighth grade , when the body mass index  BMI  entered my life . This is a formula that tells you whether you need to drop pounds -- and while it 's generally reliable , it does n't take body composition into account . At 5 ' 4 " and 140 pounds , I 'm close to the overweight category , but that 's only because I 've got heavy bones and a sprinter 's thighs . Every time I calculate my BMI , I get angry at myself , even though I 'm aware that I am in good shape . But what do feelings have to do with numbers ? Most women know that it is possible to immediately gain 15 pounds by eating one pint of Ben & Jerry 's . And when it comes to your butt  which can enlarge six sizes in the wrong pair of jeans  , the rules of physics no longer apply . Oprah.com : Start loving the way you look We need a better way to quantify these fluctuations -- a formula that goes beyond your BMI and calculates the feel of overweight . So I propose the personal body image index  PBII  . The general idea is as follows : • Start with your weight . • Subtract seven pounds if you have just worked out . • Add five if you 've single-handedly finished a plate of guacamole and chips ; four for macaroni and cheese ; six for death-by-chocolate cake . • Subtract 10 pounds if people nearby are fatter than you . • If you 're wearing black pants , subtract two ; if in a bathing suit , add eight . • If you are more than seven years older than the group average or are surrounded by bikini-clad undergraduates with toned stomachs and cellulite-free thighs , add 20 . iReport.com : What kinds of things do you do you stay fit ? I do n't advocate letting the PBII dictate how you live your life ; it could turn you into one of those people who spend their beach time camouflaging their lower halves with sarongs . But once you acknowledge that the PBII exists , you can take steps to improve your score . Some suggestions : Hang out with people older than you , preferably much older . This has three benefits : a  You probably have fewer varicose veins than they do . b  Truly old people are inspiring ; they tend not to give a damn about what they look like in bathing suits . c  Except for my elderly neighbor , who once greeted me by announcing that I 'd gained weight in my face , older people are usually effusive with compliments . My friend Luba , who lived to 99 , used to tell me how beautiful I was every time I saw her , even though she was blind . Watch those college girls on the beach . Notice how often they adjust their bikinis and glance at themselves in other people 's sunglasses . They are totally insecure . Granted , they are probably also judging you , but still -- I find their self-doubt liberating . Is n't there some cosmic limit on how much body insecurity the universe can handle ? Embrace the bikini now : "  Look how skinny I was ! " my mother says every time she sees a picture of herself from the 1970s . "  I thought I was so fat . I was 130 pounds . " My mother , now 66 , is living proof that you should do everything in your power to enjoy your body as it is right now so you never have to look at an old photograph of yourself and wish you 'd spent more time in a two-piece bathing suit . When it comes to my own PBII , I still have a way to go . It does n't take too much extra chocolate to convince me that I should never be allowed to wear shorts . But recognizing the illogical logic behind my self-image helps me to control it better . And by my calculations , that 's worth subtracting at least five pounds . By Catherine Price from "  O , The Oprah Magazine , " July 2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Calculating your body mass index  BMI  does not take feelings into account The personal body image index uses other things besides height and weight Standing next to fat people , wearing black pants lowers your score Standing next to young , toned , bikini-clad women -- adds 20 points
CNN  A hitchhiking feline in Florida has a 50-year-old truck owner to thank for her unusual rescue . Errand Frazier of Vero Beach was n't quite sure what to do at first when he heard purring coming from his Chevy pickup , parked outside his house in late May . He could n't see anything and was n't sure exactly where it was , or even what type of animal was in there . So , he left an open can of cat food under one of the tires and set up a camera to try to get to the bottom of it . When he came back the next morning , the food was gone , but there was nothing on the video , he said . Thinking he had lost his mind , he went on an impromptu fishing trip to clear his head . When he got to the canal , the purring started again . Taking matters into his own hands , he reached for his toolbox , took out some sheet metal cutters and cut back the metal on the side of the truck bed . As he peeled it back , he spotted a kitten . "  I seen this little rascal peeking at me , " Frazier recalled . "  I said , ` What in the world ? You hitched a ride ! ' " Frazier had n't thought anything of slicing into his truck . He and his wife , Cindy , have a dog and two cats , and care deeply about animals . In the past , Frazier said , he has rescued stray kittens and brought them to the local Humane Society . Frazier could see that the cat was under the bed of his truck , lodged in the frame , and he could n't get to it . Unsure what to do , he sought advice from the Humane Society of Vero Beach and Indian River County . Driving slowly , avoiding any bumps in the road , he reached the society 's animal shelter and approached a staff member . "  I said , ` Ma'am , there 's a kitten that hitchhiked from my home and I ca n't get it , " " Frazier said . "  She said , ` Man , you did a job on your truck . ' " It was a team rescue . Humane Society staff member Tonya Martinez got under Frazier 's truck to try to move the kitten forward , while staff member Maria Valencia put on gloves to catch the kitty and animal care supervisor Robyn Krajewski stood ready with a special carrier , said Janet Winikoff , director of education at the local Humane Society , who posted the story on CNN iReport . The shelter , which estimates the kitten was about 8 weeks old , named her Megan . A week after the rescue , the shelter invited Frazier for a reunion . The kitten purred in his arms . He took it as a sign . "  It was almost telling me , ` Thank you for saving my life , ' " he said . The cat has since been adopted by a family with two teenage girls , adoption counselor Sue Kelly said . After Winikoff shared the story of the rescue on the shelter 's Facebook page this week , several people offered to help pay for the cost to repair Frazier 's vehicle . On Friday , the Humane Society set up a special "  kitty truck fund " to help Frazier . Winikoff said they did n't yet have an estimate for the repairs and any extra money would go into a special emergency fund in Frazier 's name to help other animals in similar situations . Frazier 's wife , Cindy , said they were touched by the outpouring of support . The truck is their only vehicle . She said it did n't cross their mind to look into repairing it because she knew they could n't afford it . Both have disabilities ; Errand Frazier has macular degeneration , but still has the ability to drive during the day . On Friday , the couple said they were n't worried about the truck and hoped people would just donate to the humane society to help other animals . "  We really never expected all of this , to be honest , but God does blessings every day , " Cindy Frazier said . "  That 's the reason that little kitten just showed up here -- because God knew we would do whatever we needed to do to make sure that kitten was safe . " Share your comments below , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	A Vero Beach , Florida , man heard purring from his truck He sliced the truck bed to try to get the tiny animal out Local Humane Society staff members helped finish the job Donors have now offered to fix the man 's truck
CNN  -- Jeanne Thomas was sitting at her desk at work when she decided to check the security camera that she installed in her home . The Thomas home had been burglarized before , so she installed a monitoring device where she can watch a live video feed of the camera in her home . Steven Morales , 19 , was arrested in the invasion of a Boynton Beach , Florida , home . When Thomas decided to pull up the feed of her house Wednesday morning , she could n't believe what she saw . There was someone inside her home , someone she did n't know . Thomas picked up the phone and called 911 . "  I 'm watching my home on live monitor , and there is a black man in my house , and he is robbing it , " she told the dispatcher . The woman on the other end of the call asked Thomas where she was , and Thomas replied , "  I 'm in Fort Lauderdale , at my work . " Thomas ' home is in Boynton Beach , Florida , more than 20 miles away , yet she was watching over the Internet as two men walked through her home , picking up items . Watch the video from Thomas ' home " Police later arrested Curtis Williams , 20 , and Steven Morales , 19 . According to the Boynton Beach Police , Williams and Morales entered the house through a pet door . As the 911 dispatcher was calling police to the scene , Thomas stayed on the line , giving a play-by-play of what she was seeing . "  He 's in my house . I am seeing him walk around my house . He 's in my bedroom right now , " she said . The bedroom can not be seen in the video , but the door from the living room into the bedroom is visible . Thomas watched as the men wandered through her home , taking valuables such as her TV and Wii gaming console . "  This is unbelievable , " she told the 911 dispatcher . "  The cat is freaking out . The dogs are hiding . " One of the burglars took a bag of shredded cheese from the refrigerator and could be seen on the video stuffing it in his mouth . None of them noticed the small camera that resembles an air freshener . "  They walked right up to it and did n't know what it was , " Thomas said later . A few minutes after Thomas called 911 , the video shows police officers entering the home . According to the police report , "  Williams and Morales had placed the victim 's 37 inch flat screen TV , a safe , gaming machine with several misc . games  total value approx . $ 3000  on the victim 's bed . " Williams and Morales told police that two other people , not seen on video , were also involved in the incident . All four suspects were arrested and charged with burglary of a dwelling and attempted grand theft . Thomas ' husband thought she was nuts for spending $ 250 on the webcam system , telling her she would never catch anyone . But to her , it now seems like a smart investment . Thomas hopes it will be a lesson for burglars . "  You never know who is watching you , " she said .	At work in Fort Lauderdale , woman checked on home and saw unknown men She installed camera after her home was burglarized before Woman called 911 to give play-by-play of incident Four men were charged in the home invasion
CNN  -- The world 's oceans are full of trash , causing "  tremendous " negative impacts on coastal life and ecology , according to a U.N. report released Monday . The oceans will continue to fill up with junk discarded from cities and boats without urgent action to address this buildup of marine debris , the United Nations Environment Programme says in a report titled "  Marine Litter : A Global Challenge . " Current efforts to address the problem are not working , and the issue is "  far from being solved , " the report says . "  There is an increasingly urgent need to approach the issue of marine litter through better enforcement of laws and regulations , expanded outreach and educational campaigns , and the employment of strong economic instruments and incentives , " the report says . "  Although a number of countries have taken steps at the national level to deal with marine litter , the overall situation is not improving . " Scientists have been watching trash pile up in the world 's oceans for about a half-century , when plastics came into widespread use . Since plastics do n't biodegrade , or do so very slowly , the trash tends to remain in the ocean , where circling currents collect the material in several marine "  garbage patches . " See a map of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch " One of these trashy areas is said to be roughly the size of Texas . The water in these at-sea landfills is thick like a plastic soup , oceanographers told CNN . The trash patches are located in "  very remote parts of the ocean where hardly anyone goes , except the occasional research vessel , " said Peter Niiler , a distinguished researcher and oceanographer at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography . Plastics and cigarette butts are the most common types of ocean litter , with plastic making up about 80 percent of the ocean trash collected in some areas of the world , a U.N. news release says . The ocean litter is a problem for coastal communities , which rely on clean beaches for tourism dollars and to boost quality of life for their residents , the report says . Ocean trash also affects marine life and degrades human health . Sea turtles , for example , think plastic grocery bags are jellyfish when the bags are floating in the ocean . An untold number of the turtles and other creatures , such as Hawaii 's endangered monk seal , swallow the bags and suffocate , drown or starve , said Holly Bamford , director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's marine debris program . Birds face similar issues when they eat pieces of plastic out of the water . In the North Sea , a survey found 94 percent of fulmars , a type of seabird , had plastics in their stomachs , the U.N. report says . The birds , on average , had about 34 pieces of plastic in their stomachs . A surprising amount of trash that ends up in the ocean starts on the land , the report says . In Australia , for instance , a survey found 80 percent of ocean trash starts on the land . One of the key questions for people interested in ocean trash is how much of it is out there , but Monday 's U.N. report does not solve that mystery . The U.N. says little is known about the extent of litter in the oceans , and more data is needed for the problem to be adequately addressed . "  This deficiency , in combination with the lack of specific legislation , adequate law enforcement and funding , are the primary reasons why the problem of marine litter is far from being solved , " the report says . "  Unless effective action is taken , the global marine litter problem will only continue to worsen in the years to come . " The report does suggest several solutions , among them : Volunteer efforts try to address the issue now , and the Ocean Conservancy says it organizes the largest of these . Last year , 400,000 volunteers from more than 100 countries picked up 6.8 million pounds of trash from beaches , preventing it from harming the ocean , said Tom McCann , a spokesman for the group . "  It 's entirely preventable , " he said of the problem . "  It 's something we can solve ourselves . " McCann said people can prevent trash from ending up in the ocean by making smarter choices about the products they buy . Some of the Ocean Conservancy 's recommendations include :	New U.N. report says ocean trash is a "  tremendous " problem Much of the trash is plastic , which goes away very slowly , if ever Scientists say plastic collects in large "  garbage patches " in oceans One such garbage patch is said to be the size of Texas
CNN  -- When Bob Bergdahl was formally introduced to America in the White House Rose Garden beside the President , he was startling to see and hear at first : He was wearing a long beard and even speaking Pashto . The transformation of the former UPS delivery man was five years in the making in the mountain valleys of Idaho , sparked when his son , Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , was captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan in June 2009 . In the half-decade that he and wife crusaded for their son 's release -- finally won this past weekend -- Bergdahl journeyed deep into the meaning of his son 's captivity and war itself , according to media accounts . He immersed himself in books about Afghanistan and its Pashto language , to speak to his son 's captors if only from afar . When it was over , he emerged as someone apparently transformed by his odyssey to save his son . "  I am your father , Bowe . To the people of Afghanistan , the same , " Bergdahl said during the Rose Garden announcement of his son 's release . His immersion into the Afghan mindset , however , has n't gone unquestioned . His Twitter account posted a message expressing his intent to help free prisoners at Guantanamo Bay . Bowe Bergdahl 's release was secured after the Obama administration traded five terrorism detainees from Guantanamo in exchange for the U.S. soldier , which Republican leaders and others have criticized as negotiating with terrorists . Does Bergdahl swap set precedent ? The tweet on May 28 was subsequently deleted . A military spokesman for the family , Col. Timothy Marsano , told CNN that the Bergdahls had no comment on the tweet and would not confirm or deny its authenticity . CNN has no way of independently confirming the authenticity of the tweet . Back in Hailey , Idaho , where the Bergdahls raised and home-schooled their son and daughter , residents strongly support the family and dismiss the anger over the prisoner exchange . The community has long maintained a yellow-ribbon vigil for the return of Bowe Bergdahl . "  I think that people need to take a little bit more time to stop and listen and understand the situation before they make snap judgments , " said Minna Casser , 55 , a caregiver and artist who has been living in Hailey for 15 years . In the past five years , Bob and Jani Bergdahl have been holding rallies , maintaining a website and lobbying congressmen in a campaign to win their son 's freedom . In May 2011 , almost two years into his son 's captivity , Bergdahl made a YouTube appeal to his son 's captors . The father had a long beard , but he did n't speak much Pashto at that time : "  We ask that your nation diligently help our son be freed from his captivity . I pray this video may be shown to our only son , " he told Pakistani armed forces , apparently because his son 's captors were moving him between Afghanistan and Pakistan at that time . "  We 've been quiet in public , but we have n't been quiet behind the scenes , " As recently as last January , Bob Bergdahl also spoke Pashto at a rally in Hailey . "  May the peace of God and blessings of God be upon you , " he said in Pashto . "  After 12 years , let there be peace . Can we push this forward and make this happen ? " Bergdahl then spoke in English , delivering a message to his only son that revealed a mutual trial of the spirit . "  Bowe , my son , if you can hear me ... you are part of the peace process . You are part of ending the Afghan war . Have faith . Do good works . Tell the truth , and have the patience that can only come from God . We are being tested . " Bergdahl , 54 , who retired from UPS after working there for 28 years , recently built a campsite with a tent and a wood-burning stove in the same birch forest in the mountains where his son used to play as a child , according to a recent videotaped interview with the U.K. 's Guardian newspaper . To reach the campsite , Bergdahl hiked in snowshoes with a backpack through the wintry summits . He 's hoping his son will use the isolation of the camp to recover . "  I wake up each morning , and my first thought is , my son is still a prisoner of war in Afghanistan , and I need to do something about that , " the father told the Guardian . Back at home , the family kitchen features a small shrine to their son , with a framed photograph of him in uniform along with a U.S. flag . Elsewhere in the home are stacks of books including one entitled "  Pashto " and another called "  War Is a Lie , " according to the Guardian . "  I 'm trying to learn a little Pashto so that I can speak to people , " he said in the newspaper interview . "  I 'm trying to write or read the language . I probably spend four hours a day reading on the region and the history . " Stefanie O'Neill , a Bergdahl family friend , said those are the thoughts of a father fighting for his son 's life . "  Would n't you try and connect with the people that had your child ? Bob and Jani did everything possible they could to ensure Bowe 's safety . And if Bob was trying to connect with them , it was to keep his son safe , I 'm sure , " O'Neill said . The family home sits high in the crystalline air of the Rocky Mountains down the road from the resort town of Sun Valley , a famous tourist and celebrity getaway for skiing and fresh air . Outside the house , Bergdahl rides a quarterhorse in the snow without a saddle . "  I do n't think anybody can relate to the prisoners in Guantanamo more -- I do n't think -- than our family because it 's the same thing . My son is a prisoner of war , and wars end with reconciliation and negotiations with the enemy , and prisoners of war should be part of that dialogue , and I insist that it will be , " Bergdahl told the UK news outlet . Bowe Bergdahl was officially classified by the military as missing/captured . Bob Bergdahl taught his son ethics from the classics . He and his wife moved to Idaho from California and built a two-bedroom house on mountain valley farmland near Hailey , the family told Rolling Stone magazine in 2012 . There , the couple raised Bowe and daughter Sky . The parents are devout Calvinists who home-schooled their children six hours a day and taught them the theologies of Thomas Aquinas and St. Augustine . "  Ethics and morality would be constant verbiage in our conversations , " Bergdahl told the magazine . "  Bowe was definitely instilled with truth . He was very philosophical about perceiving ethics . " His son 's upbringing in mountainous Hailey may have helped the young man during captivity , Bergdahl told Time magazine in an interview two years ago . "  Idaho is so much like Afghanistan , " Bergdahl told the magazine , citing the mountains of both . "  The similarities will help him . We hope that will be what sustains him . " It apparently did , though the captivity has taken a toll on the son , the father said . His son , too , became immersed in the language of his captors and now has trouble speaking English . The son 's recovery will certainly take a long time , the father said . Bowe Bergdahl 's return to the United States -- and reunion with his family and hometown -- have not been announced by U.S. officials . Opinion : Bergdahl still has a hard road home CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Jason Morris contributed to this report from Idaho .	Bob Bergdahl , father of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , grew a beard like an Afghan villager 's He learned Pashto to speak to his son 's captors from afar Each morning , "  my first thought is , my son is still a prisoner of war , " he tells outlet His immersion into the Afghan mindset , however , has raised questions
CNN  -- Killing people by lethal injection will soon be as distant a memory as burning heretics at the stake and stoning adulterers -- at least throughout the civilized world . No country that employs the death penalty can be admitted to the European Union , and the practice dwindles daily . But despite the growing worldwide revulsion against this lethal form of punishment , Texas and a handful of other states continue to take their places among such paragons as North Korea , China , Yemen and Iran in the club of those who attempt to administer the death penalty as a form of "  justice . " Indeed , Texas is way ahead of all other states in the administering of such justice . At the end of this month , under the leadership of Gov. Rick Perry , the state is expected -- if all appeals fail -- to celebrate its 500th judicial killing since our Supreme Court in 1976 reinstated the death penalty as a legitimate form of "  justice , " despite the fact that an earlier court had determined that the death penalty was "  cruel and unusual punishment . " Death row diary offers a rare glimpse into a morbid world No one doubts that the woman who is scheduled to be executed on Wednesday , Kimberly McCarthy , is guilty of the 1997 murder of her neighbor , a 71-year-old woman and a retired college professor . At the latest count , 1,369 people have been executed since 1976 and 144 people on death row have been exonerated . Kimberly McCarthy will not be exonerated ; so , why should n't we kill her ? For the same reason Warden R.F. Coleman gave to reporters on February 8 , 1924 , the day the official Texas Death House was inaugurated with the electrocution of five African-American men . Said Coleman then , "  It just could n't be done , boys . A warden ca n't be a warden and a killer , too . The penitentiary is a place to reform a man , not to kill him . " Warden Coleman resigned rather than pull the switch . Sadly , so many others have failed in the many years since then to follow his heroic example . And let 's not equivocate : Often , and in every age , doing the right thing requires heroism . Kimberly McCarthy is a black woman . Black people are disproportionately represented on death row , as are blacks imprisoned throughout this country . Many would say  at least in a whisper  that black people are more prone to crime and violence than are white people . But as a historian , I know that there was a time , long ago , when my people -- Irish-Americans -- were deemed to be more prone to crime and violence than were others . This was in the years after the potato famines of the 19th century that brought so many desperately poor Irish people to these shores . The police in New York City became so inured to arresting Irishmen that they began to call the van they threw the arrestees into "  the Paddy Wagon , " a name that has adhered to that vehicle ever since . But who today would care  or dare  to make a case for exceptional Irish criminality ? The immigrating Irish were more prone to criminality not because of some genetic inheritance , but because they were so very poor , so neglected , so abandoned . When I see a vagrant today , snoring on a park bench , clothed in rags and stinking , I think to myself : Whatever happened to this guy , whatever the history that dropped him on this park bench , no one loved him enough when he was a child . His parents , if he had parents , were too taken up with the pain of living , with the struggle for survival , with their own hideous fears , to tend to him adequately , if at all . No one came to rescue this child , give him enough to eat , adequate shelter , a caring environment â $ " the love that everyone needs in order to grow . We -- the larger society -- have a profound obligation to such people , an obligation we have largely ignored . Many other societies in the Western world devote considerable resources to keeping poor children  and their parents  from despair . As an American friend of mine who lives in Denmark says : "  In Denmark we tax the rich , but everyone is comfortable . " Not everyone is comfortable in the United States . Many children live below the poverty line , millions of them without enough food or adequate shelter and with almost no attention to their educational needs . As for their emotional needs , are you kidding me ? If Texas would pay attention to the needs of all its children , if we would all do the same for all our children , if we would only admit that every child needs to be loved and that we are all obliged to help ensure this outcome , our world would change overnight . We would certainly not need our electric chairs and nooses and lethal injections . We could then say what the poet-priest John Donne said as long ago as 1623 , "  Any man 's death diminishes me because I am involved in mankind . " Any man 's death . Any woman 's death . Any child 's despair . Correction : A percentage referring to death row exonerations was miscalculated in an earlier version of this article . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas Cahill .	Texas set to carry out its 500th execution . If all appeals fail , Kimberly McCarthy will die U.S. is the only Western nation that still has death penalty , joins North Korea , China , Iran Thomas Cahill : Black people much more likely to be sent to prison and to death row Cahill : Get rid of electric chairs , nooses , lethal injections
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Authorities are investigating reports that disabled children in India were buried up to their necks during this week 's solar eclipse as a supposed remedy for their handicaps . Hindu women pray as they bathe in the River Ganges after the total solar eclipse in India . Officials said Thursday they were looking into reports that some 34 children aged 2 to 7 were buried in sand up to their chins -- with the consent of the parents -- in the belief that doing so during an eclipse would cure the children of their disabilities . V. Anbu Kumar , caretaker deputy commissioner of Gulbarga district in the state of Karnataka , told CNN that everybody at the site had left when he and police officers arrived . The act was apparently carried out in the early morning hours Wednesday , when the longest solar eclipse of the century turned day into night in India , Nepal , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Vietnam , China and parts of the Pacific . Kumar denied that the ritual takes place during every eclipse , but said authorities are "  launching an awareness campaign " against the practice . A complaint has been registered for "  knowingly endangering human lives , " Gulbarg police chief B.A. Padmanayna told CNN . Stronger charges could also be pressed against the offenders , he said . Watch the ` exceptional ' eclipse " So far , police have made no arrests in the case . Wednesday 's eclipse reignited some superstitions in India . Most pregnant women hope to avoid giving birth during an eclipse , and Indian astrologers even advise expectant mothers to stay indoors when the event occurs . View the eclipse in pictures " "  It may not cause any physical harm to the baby , but it may affect the child 's overall personality , " said R.K. Sharma , who describes himself as a "  remedial astrologer . " A solar eclipse , he says , weakens the sun god temporarily because of an encounter with dragon Rahu and leaves some cascading results everywhere . "  Bathing in holy rivers and ponds during this time thus helps protect health and develop positivism and greater will power , " he explained .	Authorities investigate reports disabled children were buried during solar eclipse Claims made that 34 kids buried in sand up to their chins to cure disabilities Parents reportedly consented to action , Indian officials say
The vice chairman of the Federal Election Commission told CNN on Monday he has seen numerous undisclosed e-mails between FEC staffers and the Internal Revenue Service that raise new questions about potential improper contact between two federal agencies in the alleged targeting of conservative political groups . Don McGahn , a Republican FEC commissioner , said an investigator from his agency contacted Lois Lerner , the IRS employee at the center of the political storm now engulfing that agency . He said the contact was made to discuss the status of one such conservative political advocacy group , the American Future Fund . Shortly after Lerner was contacted , the IRS sent a questionnaire to the American Future Fund , McGahn added . "  Who 's the dog and who 's the tail  in this case  ? Who knows , " McGahn said . But "  dealing with Lois Lerner is probably out of the ordinary . " The answers , McGahn stressed , "  could be benign  or  could be more sinister . " Darrell Issa , IRS escalate fight over investigation McGahn , who did not provide a timeline of events , said FEC commissioners had not given their staffers permission to reach out to the IRS on the matter , which is generally required for such inquiries . The e-mails McGahn described to CNN are exactly what Republican congressional investigators are asking IRS and FEC officials to turn over to Congress as part of its investigation . Ellen L. Weintraub , the Democratic chairwoman of the FEC , said she does not know about the e-mails between the FEC investigator and Lerner to which McGahn is referring . "  If there was any evidence or targeting based on ideology , that would be extremely serious , but I have not seen any evidence of that , " she said . "  I am not aware of requesting or receiving any confidential taxpayer information . I am not aware of any requests for anything that was n't publicly available . " Last week , congressional Republicans disclosed several e-mails between Lerner , the former head of the IRS division handling tax exempt organizations , and an unnamed FEC attorney inquiring about the status of the American Future Fund and another conservative outfit , the American Issues Project . The e-mails were first uncovered by House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp , R-Michigan , who sent a letter last week to acting IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel requesting additional details regarding exchanges between Lerner and the FEC . Obama to nominate restructuring specialist to head IRS The e-mails that congressional Republicans released only reference and request publicly available information on the two groups . McGahn told CNN , however , that the additional e-mails he has seen do not clearly state whether the FEC was only seeking public data . Asking for private data would most likely be a violation of federal law . McGahn was not able to specify whether contact was initiated by Lerner or the FEC , which regulates political speech and handles numerous complaints every election cycle about alleged violations of its campaign rules and regulations . Contacted by CNN on Monday , the IRS emphasized that the agency "  takes its obligation to protect confidential taxpayer information very seriously . " An IRS spokeswoman noted that the agency is prohibited from discussing information contained in specific tax returns . Republicans -- led by House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa -- insist that after President Barack Obama 's 2008 election , the IRS started intentionally targeting conservative outfits seeking tax-exempt status . The prospect of potential FEC involvement raises the prospect of a broader federal targeting effort . Democrats argue there is nothing sinister and that the contact is nothing more than requests for information that is already in the public domain . Still , Republicans question why FEC staffers would bother contacting Lerner -- herself a former FEC employee -- for information already publicly available . Lerner made headlines after she invoked her Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination when called before the House Oversight Committee in May to testify on the controversy . "  Things seemed weird to me " after examining the undisclosed e-mails , McGahn told CNN . "  The FEC has not had a good track record with calling balls and strikes . They 've been criticized for not playing fair . " If nothing else , he added , this "  creates the appearance that people are being selectively targeted . And that 's something that should never happen . " American Future Fund founder Nick Ryan argued in a written statement last week that the publicly released correspondence between the IRS and the FEC "  indicates questionable behavior . " "  We will cooperate with  the  ongoing investigations to root out the bad actors in the politically driven , out-of-control bureaucracy the IRS and the government has become . " For their part , Democrats have dismissed the latest revelations and insist groups on both the left and the right were improperly scrutinized as part of a clumsy administration of vague election-related tax laws . "  House Republicans are doing everything they can to distract attention from their inability to focus on jobs and the economy , " said Josh Drobnyk , a spokesman for Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee , which is also investigating the alleged targeting . "  Republicans are throwing mud against the wall with the hope that some will stick . " To date , Republican-led IRS investigations of tea party targeting have uncovered no evidence any of it was directed by Obama political officials . IRS interviews show no political bias , Democrats say	Democratic chief of FEC says she does n't know about the e-mails Top FEC Republican discusses additional e-mails between IRS and FEC Don McGahn : FEC staffer improperly contacted Lois Lerner of IRS about conservative group Republicans ask if FEC revelations indicate a broader targeting of conservatives
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- It 's a spring break with a purpose : Ten days in Texas when the entertainment and tech worlds collide on the neo-bohemian streets of this Texas party town . The annual South by Southwest festival will have its share of parties for the tens of thousands who will attend . But it will also be showcasing the best and brightest in its three main subject areas : Music , film and interactive  read startups , technology and the Web  . It 's a lot to try to keep up with . So here , broken down by the three major divisions of the fest , are some of the expected highlights we 'll be keeping an eye on . Interactive It could be ideas , not apps that win the day at this year 's interactive gathering . If there 's a new Twitter , Facebook or Foursquare preparing to break out next week , nobody has pegged it yet . In fact , some of the most "  buzzworthy " apps pre-festival are the location-based "  discovery " apps that were supposed to be all the rage last year .  And which , by and large , have underwhelmed most digital travelers and may soon face competition from Facebook  . So , if no app leaps to the forefront  and , in fairness , it may take a couple of years to figure out if one did  , what will ? How about outer space ? Elon Musk , CEO of SpaceX , will be speaking at the festival just days after an unmanned freighter owned by the private company arrived with supplies at the International Space Station . It was the second of 12 missions SpaceX will fly for NASA in the wake of the space shuttle program shutting down . There are no fewer than 15 space-related panels scheduled for Interactive week , including one featuring the Web 's viral star of last year 's Mars rover landing : NASA "  Mohawk Guy " Bobak Ferdowsi . While gadgets have never been SXSW 's forte -- ceding that to the glitzier Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas -- practical applications for emerging tech like Google Glass , 3-D printers and wearable gizmos like Apple 's rumored "  iWatch " could be on the minds of the technorati gathered in Texas . Other featured speakers at the interactive portion of the festival include Julie Uhrman , who as founder of OUYA seeks to shake up the video game industry with a $ 99 Android-based console that raised $ 8 million on Kickstarter , and Matthew Inman , creator of wildly popular webcomic "  The Oatmeal . " Also ? Shaquille O'Neal . Yes , Shaq , who is expected to talk about how he followed NBA stardom by becoming a social-media pioneer . His online presence once led Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey to say the site "  would n't be what it is today " without Shaq . Movies Sundance is still the best-known name , but SXSW has become another top destination for filmmakers hoping to launch an independent film or create buzz for a coming studio release . Having successfully stirred interest in his "  Cabin in the Woods " in Austin last year , writer and director Joss Whedon is back this year to work with The Bard . Whedon shot his black-and-white take on Shakespeare 's "  Much Ado About Nothing " during his off days from filming "  The Avengers " and he relies on an ensemble cast from his stable of regulars -- including "  Firefly " alum turned "  Castle " star Nathan Fillion . As far as big names go , the festival tops out with Jim Carrey and Steve Carrell in the comedy "  The Incredible Burt Wonderstone . " It 's a quirky tale , a battle between rival Las Vegas magicians , and seems tailor-made for a South-By crowd . The second coming of cult favorite "  Evil Dead " will also be showcasing , as will "  At Any Price " starring Zac Efron , "  The East " with Alexander Skarsgard and Ellen Page and Matthew McConaughey 's "  Mud . " Documentaries are always big at the festival and , this year , "  Hawking " will bring together film and interactive with a doc about the life of famed physicist Stephen Hawking . The film , which will air on PBS later this year , featured exclusive access to Hawking 's life , is narrated in his own voice and includes contributors ranging from Sir Richard Branson to astronaut Buzz Aldrin to actors Carrey and Benedict Cumberbatch . Music In its secret heart , South by Southwest will always be about the music . Founded 26 years ago to showcase the burgeoning , eclectic music bubbling up deep in the heart of Texas , the festival has become the music world 's most well-known and eagerly anticipated annual showcase . More than 2,200 bands turned virtually every square foot of the city into a music hall last year , and organizers promise to ramp it up even more in 2013 . Most of the acts that play wo n't leave Austin with a big contract . But it 's worth noting that Alabama Shakes was considered SXSW 's musical breakout last year , just months before the group won the Best New Artist Grammy . Established artists will be hitting stages in Austin as well . Green Day , the band that took snarly punk rock all the way to Broadway , will play one of this year 's most anticipated sets . The performance will be their first major showcase since front man Billie Joe Armstrong checked himself into rehab seven months ago for what he called a drug - and alcohol relapse that culminated in a profanity-laced rant onstage in Las Vegas . Dave Grohl has parlayed his drummer gig for one of the most influential rock bands of the last quarter-century  that 's Nirvana , in case you forgot  into the front man role with perennial Grammy winner Foo Fighters and is now a sort of de facto spokesman for the world of rock . He 'll be the music keynote speaker for the festival . Grohl will also be playing with his latest project , Sound City Players , which , against all logic , brings together artists ranging from Rick Springfield and Stevie Nicks to Creedence Clearwater Revival 's John Fogerty to members of Slipknot , Fear and Rage Against the Machine . Punk-rock icons Iggy & the Stooges will play , as will gothic troubadour Nick Cave , psych rockers The Flaming Lips and reunited British ska act The Specials . Pop star/actor Justin Timberlake , who has become a bit of a tech entrepreneur in recent years , is hosting a private party and rumored to be pondering a surprise gig himself .	South by Southwest is a 10-day music , film and tech festival in Austin , Texas Past SXSWs have helped launch Twitter , Foursquare and numerous indie bands Green Day will play an anticipated gig after singer Billie Joe Armstrong 's rehab SpaceX 's Elon Musk highlights a new look at private spaceflight
CNN  Canadian police stopped a plot in which at least two people had obtained weapons and planned to open fire in a public place on Valentine 's Day before committing suicide , authorities said Friday . Three people have been arrested and a fourth suspect was found dead in a residence , Nova Scotia Royal Canadian Mounted Police Commanding Officer Brian Brennan said at a press conference . Brennan did not reveal the suspects ' alleged motives , only saying they were "  a group of individuals who had some beliefs and were willing to carry out violent acts . " Their motivation , he said , was "  not culturally based . " Authorities received a tip Thursday morning that a 19-year-old Timberlea man and a 23-year old Geneva , Illinois , woman had weapons and planned to go to a public location in Halifax on Saturday with "  a goal of opening fire to kill citizens , and then themselves , " Brennan said . "  The possibility for a large loss of life was definitely there , " he said , declining to say what public place they planned to use . Police went to a residence on Thursday and found the 19-year-old suspect dead , Brennan said . He would not say how the man died . The woman and a 20-year-old man were arrested at about 2 a.m. Friday at Halifax Stanfield International Airport , he said , and later in the day police arrested a 17-year-old male . All three remain in custody and no other arrests are expected . Brennan would not say what kind of weapons were confiscated .	Canadian authorities say they stopped a planned mass shooting at a public place Two men and a woman arrested and a fourth suspect is found dead , police say
Suspicion that a Norwegian citizen was involved in the deadly Westgate Mall attack in Kenya last month "  has been strengthened " but is not yet confirmed , Norway 's security service said . The Norwegian citizen , said to be of Somali origin , is believed to have ties to Mohamed Abdikadir Mohamed , known as Ikrima , who is regarded as one of the most dangerous commanders in the Somali terror group Al-Shabaab . The Norwegian security service , PST , said its investigations in Norway and Kenya were ongoing , and that despite some media outlets reporting a name for the possible Norwegian suspect , it was not ready to confirm his identity . "  It has not yet been determined whether a named Norwegian citizen actually took part in the attack or not , " a PST statement said Friday . "  Based on the information that we have uncovered this far in the investigation , however , the suspicion of his involvement has been strengthened . " It has also not yet been determined whether the person in question is still alive , the statement said . Kenyan counter terrorism sources said Norwegian intelligence services in Kenya were investigating both Ikrima and the Norwegian citizen and have spoken to the latter 's sister in Norway . But Trond Hugubakken , head of communications for the PST , told CNN on Saturday that the two Norwegian officers currently in Kenya are not investigating Ikrima , only the Norwegian citizen and his connections with Al-Shabaab , as they seek to establish whether he was in Kenya . He said the citizen 's name would be disclosed by Norwegian authorities only if he 's confirmed to be one of the gunmen killed in the mall attack , or if they have sufficient evidence to issue an international warrant for his arrest . Hugubakken said investigators were also questioning people in Norway . Kenyan authorities suspect Ikrima , also wanted by the United States , of involvement with the Westgate Mall attack . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the bloody four-day siege at the upscale mall in Nairobi , where at least 67 people died . The Islamist group claimed another deadly attack Saturday , this time in the town of Beledweyne , in central Somalia . Somali police officer Isac Ali Abdulle told CNN at least 20 people were killed in the suicide blast at a cafe , although other officials gave a lower death toll . Mohamed Ibrahim Ali , deputy governor of Hiiraan province , said seven government soldiers were among the dead . Al-Shabaab said it was targeting Somali and Ethiopian army commanders in the area . Target of U.S. raid U.S. officials said Ikrima was the target of a raid earlier this month by U.S. Navy SEALs on an Al-Shabaab compound near the town of Baraawe in Somalia . It 's believed that he escaped after the U.S. troops came under heavy fire . A Kenyan intelligence dossier seen by CNN alleges Ikrima 's involvement with Briton Samantha Lewthwaite , a terror suspect known as the "  White Widow , " in a foiled Mombasa attack in 2011 with Jermaine Grant , a fellow British citizen currently held in Mombasa on terror charges . Kenyan intelligence sources say that Ikrima , who speaks six languages and grew up in Kenya , is the main "  point person " between al Qaeda in Somalia and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , and that he has helped pinpoint Kenyan targets . Friends of Ikrima who knew him from his time growing up on the Nairobi suburb of Eastleigh told CNN he traveled to Norway in 2003 and grew increasingly radicalized there . The sources , who had kept up with him over the years , said Ikrima traveled in 2007 to London , where they lost contact with him . In 2008 they heard he was in Somalia , where he has been based since . Arabic , English and Swahili are among the six languages spoken by Ikrima , and he studied French for two years at the Alliance Francais in Nairobi , his friends say . Al-Shabaab 's growing reach The possible involvement of the Norwegian citizen in the Westgate Mall attack has highlighted concerns about the widening reach of Al-Shabaab outside Somali borders . Kenyan counterterror sources told CNN that security camera footage of the attackers inside the mall shows them talking by cellphone to people apparently outside the mall -- who the sources believe were giving the gunmen instructions . Telephone intercepts have led all over the region , from Uganda to Somalia and even possibly to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the sources said . As for the Norway connection , many people have traveled from Scandinavia to Somalia to join Al-Shabaab , CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank said . The leader of Al-Shabaab has been following a strategy aimed at transforming it from a regional insurgent outfit into a terrorist group , Cruickshank said . Ikrima , who is thought to have spent four years in Norway , appears to be central to that strategy , he said . He managed to escape the raid by U.S. Navy SEALs , "  so the concern now is that his credentials really will be burnished in the jihadist community globally , and he will be emboldened to commit more attacks potentially in the region , " Cruickshank said . Ikrima told a western intelligence informant several years ago that one of his key goals was to carry out attacks back in the West , using recruits from Western nations who 'd come to Somalia for training . He is believed to be a key link figure between different terrorist groups including al Qaeda and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , and may have key intelligence on future plots . Norwegian suspect Stig Hansen , a security expert based in Norway and author of the book "  Al-Shabaab in Somalia , " told CNN that if the Norwegian suspect is who he believes him to be , he lived in a small town in Norway but had connections with a wider group , not all of Somali origin . He came to Norway at age 8 or 9 and stayed for a couple of years , during which time he gained Norwegian citizenship , Hansen said . He later returned to Somalia . Al-Shabaab became quite popular among some Somali community groups in Norway from 2007 to 2009 , Hansen said , "  because they were wrongly seen as some kind of national resistance group . " Observers noticed contradictions between what the group said in its English - and Arabic-language messaging , he said , which contributed to ignorance within the diaspora about its real nature . "  But the terrorist attacks inside of Somalia made it easier for the wider ethnic Somali community to see that this was really a terrorist organization , and it distanced itself , " he said , making it less popular now . However , this development brought its own problems , Hansen said , and not just in Norway . "  What you have to look out for , also in the United States and the United Kingdom and all these other Scandinavian countries , are these small , small networks that are in one sense detached also from the Somali community leaders -- radicalized groups of youths and radical preachers , sheikhs , that go traveling around the various countries to try to incite , " he said . "  That 's what we have to watch these days . "	Suspicion that a Norwegian was involved "  has been strengthened , " security service says The Norwegian citizen in question has not been named by authorities Norway 's security service is investigating in Kenya and Norway The suspect is believed to have ties to a top Al-Shabaab commander , known as Ikrima
Travel + Leisure  -- When studying up for a trip to the Holy Land , you might come across this warning : Whatever you do , do n't take a bear to the beach . Feeding pigeons is illegal in Venice , Italy , and could earn you a fine . Americans expect to experience some difference in laws when they travel the world , but some laws we found just sounded insane . In France , it 's illegal to name a pig Napoleon . In Florida , single women ca n't parachute on Sundays . And in England , you may urinate anywhere in public , including inside a policeman 's helmet , providing that you 're also pregnant . Granted , most of us can rest easy on the plane ride to our destinations knowing that we wo n't run afoul of such rules . Plus , many reported laws are just urban legends , and in other cases , anomalies on the books that no one has the time or interest to enforce .  "  People here do n't keep bears ! " an exasperated Israeli spokeswoman told us . "  Why would they take one to the beach ? " But other laws -- such as keeping your headlights on at all times while driving in Denmark -- are in equal parts surprising and real . Get caught , and the resulting fine could run about $ 100  and the entire EU may adopt the law  . See a Travel + Leisure slideshow of the world 's strangest laws While some laws seem ridiculous at first blush , they often carry their own logic . Pigeon-feeding is not tolerated  and fine-worthy  in Venice , because the winged troublemakers -- and really , their droppings -- wreak havoc on the city 's old , vulnerable buildings . Singapore is infamous for its tough laws against chewing gum and graffiti  remember the 18-year-old American who got caned in the 1990s ?  . In the Singaporeans ' defense , the gum laws -- which have relaxed a bit -- were originally enacted to fight what authorities saw as rampant gum-wad littering . Even so , do n't even think about leaving a public toilet un-flushed . It could cost you $ 100 . What should you do if you do break a law , crazy or otherwise , while on vacation ? Dick Atkins is a Philadelphia attorney who operates an international legal hotline , helping American travelers who have run afoul of the law in other countries . "  It 's always best to try to get an attorney involved , " he says . Ignoring the issue could result in problems if you make a return visit to that country . Atkins says he commonly deals with college kids who have taken too many liberties with other countries ' lower drinking ages , or unsuspecting tourists who get arrested for trying to take home souvenirs  such as old rugs  that end up being antiquities . He says such problems raise the argument for buying travel insurance , or even buying travel assistance packages , which can offer legal help abroad .  To price varying packages , check out US Travel Insurance Association . Of course , most Americans do n't bother with travel insurance . In that case , you can contact the American embassy or consulate for a list of local attorneys . Or you can handle the problem on your own . Robert Siciliano recently stayed at a Mexican resort , and when he and his family rented a car , they were almost immediately stopped by police and accused of swerving dangerously on the road .  Siciliano says he was merely driving around fallen palm braches and coconuts following the previous day 's Category 2 hurricane . "  They started to arrest me because they said all tickets were to be paid at the police station , " Siciliano says . But when he asked if he could pay the ticket on the spot , the cops agreed . Siciliano handed them a $ 100 bill and they let him go . He immediately returned the car . "  Total rental car time , 20 minutes . Cost , $ 155 , " he said . "  Not spending a second in a Mexican jail , priceless . " Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Singapore has tough policies against chewing gum and graffiti Pigeon-feeding is not tolerated in Venice because the birds damage old buildings You must keep your headlights on at all times while driving in Denmark If you break one of these laws it 's best to get an attorney involved , lawyer says
New York  CNN  -- A film student suspected of stabbing a New York cab driver after learning the driver was Muslim was described Thursday as someone who worked to build bridges across religious and ethnic boundaries . Those who know Michael Enright , 21 , a film student at the School of Visual Arts in Manhattan , were "  shocked and dumbfounded " by his arrest , said Robert Chase , the executive director of Intersections International . Enright volunteered with the nonprofit group , and it partially funded his trip in the spring to Afghanistan . As part of his thesis , Enright shot a film on American soldiers serving there , Chase said . Authorities are reviewing multiple journals Enright had on him at the time of his arrest to see if they contain evidence that he had recently undergone some kind of mental or emotional change , a source at New York 's City Hall told CNN Thursday . The notebooks are filled with writing , some if it illegible , the source said . Authorities are reviewing Enright 's journals for signs that had post-traumatic stress disorder or other emotional stress , the City Hall source said . The goal of Intersections International , based in New York , is to promote peace across faith and racial boundaries , according to its website . "  Everyone was shocked and dumbfounded because of the nature of the crime and because of our experience with him here , " Chase said . "  It is sadly ironic . " He said Enright volunteered on Intersections International 's Veteran-Civilian Dialogue program , which addresses trauma faced by returning veterans and encourages them to share their stories with civilians and each other . "  He was intrigued by the concept and started participating and then volunteering . Enright became involved in the work we do -- building bridges across race , culture and religion and forging common ground for reconciliation and peace , " Chase said . "  The whole thing is unfathomable , " he said . "  He 's a good guy . His work has been responsible . He 's been diligent and hardworking . " Meanwhile , the cab driver , Ahmed Sharif , called for New Yorkers to "  love and respect " one another . "  This is a city of all colors , races , religions , " he told a group of supporters outside City Hall . But Sharif said he was targeted because of his faith . "  Of course , it was because of my religion , " he said , noting that the passenger "  made some jokes about Ramadan , " the Muslim holy month of fasting , and attacked him after asking him if he was Muslim . "  Sometime I feel very lonely and unsafe , " said Sharif , who has lived in New York for more than 25 years and has been driving a taxi for 15 of them . After the news conference , Sharif , his wife and four children met with New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who gave them gifts that included NYPD hats and "  I Love New York " T-shirts . "  No matter how wonderful this country and city is , some people act disgracefully , " Bloomberg told reporters as Sharif stood by his side . "  Fortunately , this is rare , but one time is one time too many . This is America , this is New York ; what a disgrace . His wife told me they came to America to make a better life for their wonderful kids . " Enright is facing charges of second-degree attempted murder as a hate crime , second-degree assault as a hate crime , second-degree aggravated harassment as a hate crime , and fourth-degree criminal possession of a weapon , said New York police Detective Mark Nell . Authorities said Enright was intoxicated at the time of the incident ; they found an empty bottle of scotch in a backpack he had with him . When Enright first got into Sharif 's cab Tuesday night , the conversation was cordial , said Bhairavi Desai , executive director of the Taxi Workers Alliance . The suspect "  started out friendly , asking Mr. Sharif about where he was from , how long he had been in America , if he was Muslim and if he was observing fast during Ramadan , " Desai said . Then , after a few minutes of silence , Desai said Enright started cursing at Sharif and shouted "  Assalamu Alaikum , consider this a checkpoint , " before slashing him . "  Assalamu Alaikum " is an Arabic greeting that means "  peace be upon you . " The taxi workers alliance said Sharif , 43 , a practicing Muslim originally from Bangladesh , was slashed across the neck , face , shoulder and hand . Bleeding profusely , Sharif escaped and flagged down a police officer , who arrested Enright , Desai said . New York Gov. David Paterson condemned the attack . "  We can not and will not allow bias and ignorance to infect our communities and deny our hardworking , innocent residents the respect they deserve , " he said in a statement . The attack occurs amid public debate over plans to build an Islamic cultural center and mosque to be called Park51 two blocks from the site of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center . "  Right now , the public sentiment is very serious because of the ground zero mosque debate , " Sharif said in a statement . Paterson said the potential for such violence is one of the reasons "  I have called publicly for a respectful and unifying conversation about the Park51 project , " he said . "  I continue to offer my assistance for an open dialogue that I believe will help to bring New Yorkers together . " CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Jason Kessler , Meg Miller , Christina Romano and Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities are studying journals found on stabbing subject at time of arrest Suspect worked to build bridges , colleague says Michael Enright is charged with attempted murder and hate crimes The cab driver plans to speak publicly Thursday
CNN  -- You can still feel the heat from "  Do the Right Thing . " Though the Spike Lee Joint , about the angry events of a scorching hot day in Brooklyn , looks a bit dated these days -- gone are the boomboxes and fade haircuts of the late '80s -- there 's no fighting the film 's power . The issues raised by the film -- gentrification , ethnic clashes , police presence , the impact of violence -- remain topical . So does its thoughtfulness , something that was overlooked , both then and later . "  Do the Right Thing " was released 25 years ago Monday . It had a reputation before it even opened . "  Do the Right Thing " would doom race relations , said critics . Riots would engulf the multiplex . One can only imagine the fear that would have been stoked in the Internet age . Instead , what audiences found was a film more infused with sadness  and humor !  than anger , less black and white than shades of gray . Sal , the pizzeria owner played by Danny Aiello , was gruff but fatherly . Mookie , Lee 's delivery man character , was immature but not mean . The rest of the characters -- the music-loving Radio Raheem  Bill Nunn  , the drunken Mayor and Mother Sister  Ossie Davis and Ruby Dee  , even the pot-stirring Buggin Out  Giancarlo Esposito  -- were humans , not props . New York has changed in 25 years . Today blacks and Italians both listen to hip-hop , the pop music of our times . The Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood , where the film takes place , was once considered rough -- now "  the people who once considered Bed-Stuy a jungle lazily walk their tiny dogs past me , " wrote Jason Reynolds in Gawker . Even Lee , who can still get fired up about gentrification , acknowledged the barbed world of "  Do the Right Thing " has lost some of its prickliness . "  When I wrote the script ... New York City was a very polarized city , racially , " he told CNN in 2009 . "  I wanted to do a film that would try to show what was happening at the time . " On the other hand , look at the vitriol on the Web . Look at the battles between red and blue states . Look at the ever-present conflict between violence and nonviolence . The movie still haunts our culture . As Lee said in 2009 , "  We 've got a lot of work to do . " Still , he can admire his handiwork . In an interview with Rolling Stone , he talked about "  Do the Right Thing " with pleasure . "  It still holds up ! " he said . "  But we look real young . "	"  Do the Right Thing " came out 25 years ago Monday Film made some critics anxious , but all it stoked was conversation Movie drew from racial events of the era
Parenting.com  -- We are pretty new to the youth sports world -- my son is five -- and I 've already seen crazy parents and coaches and kids who are being pushed against their will . I just pray that my kid continues to have awesome coaches who understand what it 's all about and how to keep things in age-appropriate perspective . Alex has his first soccer game on Saturday and his coach  who he 's had for the past two seasons  wrote this in his first email : "  My coaching philosophy is simple . We will win every game . Losing is not an option . Losing sucks ! So start the kids on a raw steak diet and I will see all of you Monday at 5:15 for our first practice . " He was obviously poking fun at the youth sports culture we live in where kids start playing younger and get ultra competitive way too soon . And I loved it . And I honestly ca n't wait for the game this weekend . It 's so great to see my kid having so much fun and playing well and getting such joy and confidence from his team and his coach . The thing is , a good coach can be the most amazing mentor to young kids , someone whose words they 'll remember forever . But a bad coach -- even one bad coach -- can be beyond damaging and completely ruin a sport for a young person , and shake their confidence in irreparable ways . By now you 've probably heard about the Rutgers men 's basketball coach and how he was fired today after videos surfaced of him physically and verbally abusing his team over the past three years . I 've watched the video a few times -- it 's the second most disturbing basketball video I 've seen this week  the first would be Kevin Ware 's horrific leg break  . Parenting.com : Are kids ' sports too competitive ? The coach , Mike Rice , is seen kicking players , throwing balls at them  even at their heads !  , pushing them and screaming terrible gay slurs . It 's insane and hard to watch . The dude seems like a total nutcase who should seek help immediately and I ca n't believe the athletic director did n't do more when he first learned of this behavior last year  actually , of course I can believe it as we all know how effed up these big programs can be -- hello , Penn State  . And I ca n't even imagine what else those poor boys endured . That 's the thing that gets me most now that I 'm a mom : These are boys . Some of them fresh out of high school , their first time on their own and this is the kind of person they have looking out for them ? Shaping them as men who will grow up to -- guess what ? -- probably not play basketball .  The NCAA is the first to acknowledge the statistical unlikelihood of their players going pro . Parenting.com : Competitive sports ... For toddlers ? And I can only imagine what their parents must think seeing this video now . They probably invited this man into their homes for recruiting visits and trusted him with their impressionable boys , trusted him to mold them and inspire them and look out for them . It 's infuriating . Now do n't get me wrong , I know that coaching on this level is not about blowing sunshine up your team 's butt . Rutgers is a big-time Division I program and this man 's job is to get as many wins as possible . Coaches yell , they get frustrated , they may even freak out occasionally . I think athletes know this and certainly college athletes have been around long enough to understand that every coach has a different style and some are yellers . But -- and I ca n't believe this needs to be said -- throwing balls at a kid 's head and calling him a "  fairy " and worse is just plain unacceptable . I played Division I volleyball at The University of Tennessee and I can tell you it was n't all clapping and positive reinforcement . Hardly . In all honesty , we had an emotionally abusive coach who was ultimately fired , but that 's another story for another time . The point is , I get that it 's tough , I get that it 's not black and white . Parenting.com : 1 in 50 : Real faces of autism But I also get that there should be a line . And perhaps when you find yourself heaving a basketball at a kid 's head , that line has been crossed . I have long been dubious of big-time college sports and what it does to the self-esteem and psyches of young people . And what , in the end , is the payoff for such a huge sacrifice  when you play D-I sports in a big program , it is pretty much all you do  ? My experience -- which was pretty awful and lasted only one year and is still something I rarely talk about -- has influenced my feelings on this a lot . That 's not to say I do n't want my kids playing or that I do n't believe in sports . Before college I was a die-hard athlete and loved every second of the sports culture . And I had some great coaches . I also had some so-so ones . And I saw plenty of the politicking that goes on , which is another icky reality we as parents need to be aware of . But I persevered . I love sports and I know how good they are for our kids . I wrote a story for Parenting 's April issue -- "  The Risks and Rewards of Youth Sports " -- that discusses all of this and more . We are in a brave new world and anyone whose kids play or will play should read it . Yes , youth sports are fantastic for our kids . But there are risks and other factors to consider . Including who are the people we trust to coach our children . Are they trained ? Are they positive ? Are they too focused on winning ? Do they know what to do in case of injury ? Are they ... abusive ? I 'm fascinated and frightened by all of it and I just hope I can maintain my convictions to never take any of it too seriously as my kids get older . A bad coach can change a person . And as a mother to kids who will likely be playing plenty of sports , stories like this Rutgers debacle stay with me and make me think . Parenting.com : Finding the best sports team for your child Sure this is the college level which , when it comes to basketball , may as well be pro . But we hand over our kids -- our little kids -- to coaches all the time . Who knows what 's going on at practice when we 're not there ? If your kid is anything like mine he 's probably not giving you the blow-by-blow you want . So maybe it 's not be a bad idea to ask the coach what his or her philosophy is before leaving the field next time . Would love to know what you guys think of this story . How did you react ? What would you do if it was your son getting pegged in the head ? Are you dubious of youth sports and the competitive nature ? Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Do you know the coaching philosophy of your child 's sports coach ? Coaches have profound influence -- positive or negative -- on a child 's psyche Even though the writer 's son is young , the Rutgers coaching video gives her pause
CNN  -- Australia remained top of the Commonwealth Games medals table after the second day of competition in India following a clean sweep of the three cycling events . Scott Sunderland won the men 's 1km time trial , Jack Bobridge claimed victory in the 4,000 m individual pursuit and Anna Meares retained the women 's 500m time trial title to help Australia win five golds on Tuesday for a leading nine and 23 medals overall . Meares , who broke her neck in 2008 , beat her own Games record in a time of 33.758 seconds to head off compatriot Kaarle McCulloch and Becky James of Wales . The 22-year-old Sunderland beat Malaysia 's Mohd Rizal Tisin , with New Zealand 's Edward Dawkins third , while 21-year-old rising star Bobridge broke the Games record in qualifying before completing the hat-trick with victory from New Zealand 's Jesse Sergent . In India , authorities fight monkeys with monkeys Australia 's swimmers won nine medals , but only Leiston Pickett struck gold following the country 's haul of three titles in the pool on Monday . The 18-year-old won the women 's 50m breaststroke from her teammate and defending champion Leisel Jones , with England 's England 's Kate Haywood third . England won the British nation 's first two golds in the pool , with Fran Halsall triumphing in the women 's 50m butterfly ahead of Australia 's Marieke Guehrer and Emily Seebohm and world record-holder Liam Tancock taking out the men 's 50m backstroke title from Australia 's Hayden Stoeckel and Ashley Delaney . Robbie Renwick won Scotland 's first swimming gold in the 200m freestyle from Australians Kenrick Monk and Thomas Fraser-Holmes . Australia also won gold in the women 's artistic gymnastics team event at Indira Gandhi Stadium in Delhi . Hosts India moved in second place after winning five gold medals , three in the men 's wrestling events and two in shooting disciplines . Ravinder Singh beat England 's South Africa-born Terrence Bosson in the final of the newly-introduced Greco-Roman 60kg category , and Sanjay defeated Richard Addinall of South Africa in the 74kg division . Anil Kumar beat Hassene Fkiri in a stormy 96kg final which saw the Australian stripped of his silver medal , having aimed an obscene gesture at a judge after being disqualified for dangerous play . India also won gold in the men 's pairs 10m air rifle ahead of England and Bangladesh , and took out the women 's pairs 25m pistol title from Australia and England . But India , already embarrassed by technical problems in the weightlifting and boxing events plus reports that facilities will not be ready in time , suffered a humiliating record 113-18 defeat by world netball champions Australia . The margin surpassed New Zealand 's 116-26 victory against Sri Lanka in Manchester in 2002 . But the hosts made a better start in the men 's field hockey , one of the nation 's most popular sports , beating Malaysia 3-2 in a Pool A match after rivals Pakistan cruised past Scotland 3-0 . In Pool B , New Zealand thrashed Trinidad and Tobago 7-0 and South Africa won 4-1 against Canada . In the women 's hockey , Australia thrashed Trinidad and Tobago 11-0 and South Africa beat Scotland 2-1 in the other Pool A tie . In Group B , England beat Wales 4-1 and New Zealand thumped Malaysia 5-0 . In the weightlifting , Canada 's Marilou Dozois-Prevost won gold in the 53kg division despite a power cut which stopped the scoreboard operating . Her overall total of 182kg was enough to head off U.S.-based Nigerian Onyeka Azike and Malaysia 's Raihan Yusoff as she went one better than her silver medal in the 48kg class four years ago .	Australian cyclists win all three gold medals on offer in the sport on day two The Australian team head the Commonwealth Games medals table in India India 's athletes shrug off problems in hosting the event by winning five golds to be second But India 's netballers humiliating record defeat against world champions Australia
Washington  CNN  -- 'T is indeed the season to be jolly for Americans , who are experiencing their lowest levels of holiday stress in years , according to a new CNN/ORC nationwide poll . The poll suggests they 've already decked their halls with boughs of holly , as only 30 % of the public said they 're feeling a great deal or fair amount of stress from all the things they need to do to get ready for Christmas . RELATED : Read the entire CNN/ORC poll That 's a steep drop from 2005 , when a vast majority of Americans must 've left the tree-trimming to the last minute , as 86 % said they felt a great deal or fair amount of stress that year . In 1989 , 76 % felt the same , perhaps because they waited too long to buy the new Nintendo Game Boy , the hot toy released that year . Americans may be feeling less stress this year in part because they 're not dealing with the often messy hassle of putting up a natural tree , and the pressure to make sure far-flung extended family members get their Christmas cards in time . The survey found a slight majority of Americans -- 51 % -- plan to have an artificial Christmas tree this year , up from just 39 % in 1996 . And only 58 % of Americans planned to send holiday cards this year , down from 74 % in 2006 . But that does n't mean Americans are losing their holiday spirit : 95 % say they celebrate Christmas . But the country is split on whether observers view it more as a family holiday -- 47 % -- or as a religious holiday , 46 % . That 's a shift from 1992 , when a slight majority of Americans said Christmas was more of a religious celebration . For most Americans , the holiday moment to look forward to is Christmas Day -- that 's when 58 % of the nation opens their presents . A lucky 20 % of the nation opens them both on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day . The poll also found Americans are n't as concerned as they used to be about a terrorist attack will hitting over the holidays . SEE ALSO : Harry Reid threatens to steal Christmas a lot Now , just 39 % say a terrorist attack is very or somewhat likely , down from more than half in 2010 . The survey was conducted through live interviews of 1,011 adults nationwide via landlines and cell phones and has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points ; no attempt was made to reach Santa Claus about his stress levels , which presumably peak this time of year .	Americans are experiencing lowest levels of holiday stress in years , a new CNN/ORC poll says Fewer Americans are decorating natural trees and sending holiday cards Less than 40 % believe a terrorist attack is likely over the holiday season
CNN  -- When asked if I miss being in government , I usually try to lighten the moment by responding that I awake most days , read the paper , and then observe that , "  It 's yet another great day to be the former director of the Central Intelligence Agency . " Of course , this casual answer is designed to limit comment on the things I miss  largely the mission and the people  and especially the things I do n't  a longer list  . But lately my half-flippant answer seems a little more true than I ever wanted it to be . And its somber implications apply not just to the director of CIA but to other senior intelligence officials as well . These jobs have always been hard . While I was at Langley , a prominent American  not in government , but very accustomed to calculating risk  once asked me , "  On a scale of zero to 10 , how would you rate CIA analysis ? " I began my answer on CIA analysis -- and by extension on the entire American intelligence enterprise -- by noting that "  eight , nine and 10 are not on our scale . If you can get to those numbers , nobody is asking us those questions . " Using a baseball metaphor , I concluded that "  all the pitches we see seem to be hard sliders on the outside corner at the knees . " That 's hard enough , but today the intelligence community seems unduly burdened with questions beyond this permanent , almost existential , dilemma . Take Benghazi , for example . Some have described what happened before the attack in which a U. S. ambassador and three other Americans died as an intelligence failure . Really ? If someone needed more information to know that security there had deteriorated beyond the point of safety , they were n't waiting for warning -- they were waiting for someone to die . Good people made bad decisions , but it was n't because they were unaware of the situation on the ground . Then there is the aftermath of Benghazi : What did we know , when did we know it and how did the administration choose to express it ? The intelligence community is still living with the consequences of what could be described as a public debate badly crossing the wires of political speech with those of analytic thought . An intelligence analyst may attribute an attack to al Qaeda , whereas a policy maker could opt for the more general "  extremist . " It 's still not clear what happened in this case  or why  and both speakers could technically be correct , but it is never a good thing for the analyst to be drawn into a debate to explain or justify the word choices of the politician . Director of National Intelligence Jim Clapper 's office seemed forced to do just that in late September . Surely what happened before and after those fateful hours in Benghazi is of national importance and our political processes need to adjudicate these questions . But at their heart these are now more political and policy debates than intelligence issues . Then there 's this movie , "  Zero Dark Thirty " about the hunt for Osama bin Laden . Some have complained that too many "  secrets " were dished out by the intelligence and special operations communities to director Kathryn Bigelow , screenwriter Mark Boal and their crew , part of a broader pattern of using intelligence for political effect . There are now reports that one of the intelligence community 's stars , Under Secretary of Defense Mike Vickers , may have leaned too far forward in talking to the film 's creators . I doubt it . But I am glad that someone took the trouble to chronicle an American intelligence success . But even that narrative is controversial . So controversial in fact that acting CIA Director Michael Morell felt compelled to issue a note to his workforce last week reminding them that the movie was a work of fiction , not a documentary . And three members of the Senate are on record demanding that Sony Pictures issue a disclaimer on the role of CIA enhanced interrogations in the hunt for bin Laden . Here 's what I know about the film 's controversial aspects : The scenes of CIA interrogation are overwrought and inaccurate ; more than detainee-derived data was key in getting to Abbottabad ; and the film 's star , "  Maya " , was not alone in urging the agency to move . But as often happens in art , each of these story lines has a thread of truth . CIA interrogations of more than 30 detainees were tough ; the agency did derive significant intelligence from them ; and "  Maya " was a real heroine . At the end of the day , though , "  Zero Dark Thirty " is a movie . Made by Hollywood . To be dramatic . That this is being debated and that intelligence leaders are being drawn into that debate is as revealing as it should be troubling . When I was at CIA I asked my civilian advisory board to tackle some tough questions . Among the toughest : In a political culture that every day demands more transparency and more public accountability from every aspect of national life , could American intelligence continue to survive and succeed ? That jury is still out . One hopes that in the new year our intelligence professionals -- from seniors like Clapper , Morell and Vickers to the newest arriving analyst -- can disentangle themselves from these public disputes and focus on their core responsibilities . Responsibilities like gauging the spread of al Qaeda affiliates in North Africa , helping decision makers judge whether the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt is a bridge or a barrier to Islamist fanaticism , identifying what part  if any  of the Syrian opposition can be trusted , or giving all of us confidence that we can detect an Iranian nuclear breakout before it is too late . Working on that stuff actually constitutes the definition of a "  great day . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael V. Hayden .	Hayden : Controversy unfairly surrounds intelligence officials ' roles in two Washington issues He says political fights have obscured reality in both areas He says the Benghazi security breakdown was n't an intelligence failure Hayden : "  Zero Dark Thirty " has elements of truth , but is dramatized in Hollywood style
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon arrived Friday in earthquake-damaged Chile , which endured two more strong aftershocks while working to recover from last week 's devastating earthquake and tsunami . "  I 'm here to express -LSB- the -RSB- solidarity of the United Nations , of the international community , to the people and government of Chile , " Ban told reporters at the airport in the capital , Santiago . "  I know that this is one of the worst natural disasters in recent history of Chile ; at the same time , I 'm very moved to see such strong courage and fortitude and resilience of Chilean people , " Ban said . Earlier , shortly before 9 a.m. Friday , an aftershock with a magnitude of 6.6 struck the area , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The aftershock followed another with a 6.0 magnitude , the survey said . The two are the latest in scores of aftershocks that have hit after the massive magnitude 8.8 earthquake and subsequent tsunami Saturday . Full coverage of Chile 's earthquake Friday 's aftershocks did not cause any known injuries or damage , Chile 's National Emergency Office said , and the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 's Tsunami Center did not issue any warnings . The tsunami and 8.8 magnitude earthquake -- the fifth-strongest worldwide since 1900 -- killed hundreds of people and toppled buildings , particularly in the Maule region along the coast . Shocking scenes hours after quake Roads were torn up and power was cut off in many areas . Thousands have been left homeless . Food , water and the restoration of basic services , such as electricity , are top priorities , said the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Human Affairs . The Chilean government , which is leading the rescue and relief efforts , has asked the United Nations for items such as field hospitals with surgical facilities , dialysis centers , generators , satellite phones , structural damage evaluation systems , saltwater purifying systems , mobile bridges and field kitchens . Ban said Friday that he will talk to Chilean President Michelle Bachelet and President-elect Sebastian Pinera about how the United Nations can best help . Pinera , a conservative billionaire businessman , takes office next week . The secretary-general said he will visit hard-hit Concepcion to assess the damage and will bring the matter to the United Nations . "  Now it is time for the United Nations and international community to stand with the Chilean people and government , " he said , after noting the Chileans ' generosity in helping Haiti after its 7.0 earthquake on January 12 . That quake flattened much of the Haitian capital , Port-au-Prince , and killed hundreds of thousands of people . A 24-hour telethon , "  Chile Helps Chile , " which organizers hope will raise $ 27 million for earthquake victims , was scheduled for Friday . Residents in devastated Constitucion expressed a determination to rebuild . "  It very hard , but it 's not impossible . We have to be strong ; we have to reinvent ourselves , " said resident Antonieta Biachi . "  You have to start from scratch ; there is no other option . " Though he is not yet in office , Pinera has named six officials to lead recovery efforts . More than 13,000 soldiers and other military personnel have been dispatched to restore order in the earthquake-damaged area . Food and water began to arrive earlier this week in Concepcion , and officials said they distributed 3,500 aid packages Wednesday . But many residents have complained that federal aid has been slow to arrive . A six-member U.S. Agency for International Development disaster response team has been sent to Chile to assist with relief effort , said State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley . The team should arrive Saturday , he said . A USAID contractor also is embedded with the Chilean National Emergency Response Office , the country 's equivalent of the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency . The United States sent 71 satellite phones , plastic sheeting and two mobile water treatment units , the U.S. State Department said . Six more water treatment units are to arrive within a week . A field hospital and two C-130 aircraft to assist with moving supplies around the country have also been deployed . The United States also sent $ 1 million to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies to aid their efforts . Bachelet toured parts of central and southern Chile on Thursday . She visited Talcahuano , where the tsunami roared through many parts of the seaport town . Bachelet also toured Talca , the capital of Maule . "  This is the time for action , " she said later Thursday on returning to Santiago , where she met leaders of the Catholic Church , a partner in providing help in the quake 's aftermath . The top priority remained the needs of survivors , followed by reconstruction efforts , Bachelet said . Chile has announced three days of national mourning beginning Sunday . Every house has been authorized to hang the national flag in memory of those who perished . The death toll was revised downward Thursday as authorities reviewed discrepancies in the reported number of dead in the Maule region . The casualty count there included more than 200 people who are missing but not confirmed dead , said Deputy Interior Minister Patricio Rosende . Therefore , the official nationwide death toll is lower than the 802 figure given by emergency authorities . To limit confusion , Rosende read aloud the names of 279 Chileans who had been killed and identified by Thursday evening . He said would update that official number regularly . The new tally does not account for hundreds of unidentified victims . With disasters of this magnitude , "  the number of dead change daily , " Rosende said . "  It takes months sometimes to compile the information , because one of the biggest problems in the affected areas is the lack of precision and uncertainty at the scene . " Despite the disaster , the Chilean Davis Cup tennis team will open competition Saturday in Coquimbo , Chile , against Israel . Team officials and players said they would be playing in honor of quake victims . "  It will be difficult , but we will do our best for our country , " said player Fernando Gonzalez . CNN 's Brian Byrnes , Sara Sidner , David Ariosto , Elise Labott , and Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	Ban Ki-moon arrives to meet leaders , survey damage Two strong aftershocks , magnitudes 6.0 and 6.6 , strike Friday morning Chilean government asks U.N. for field hospitals with surgical facilities , generators Some Chileans complain federal aid has been slow to arrive to quake-hit region
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. soldier who authorities say killed five fellow troops -- including a Navy commander -- at a stress clinic in Iraq on Monday apparently used a weapon he wrested away from another soldier , a Defense official said . The Camp Liberty shooter has been identified as Army Sgt. John M. Russell of Sherman , Texas . After getting the weapon , the soldier stole a military vehicle and drove to the clinic , where earlier he had been in a fight , the official said . The shooter was identified as Army Sgt. John M. Russell , according to Maj. Gen. David Perkins , the military spokesman who briefed reporters in Baghdad , Iraq , on Tuesday . Russell has been charged with five counts of murder and one count of aggravated assault after the shooting at Camp Liberty , near Baghdad 's international airport , Perkins added . Watch how the Army is handling the case " A 44-year-old communications specialist from Sherman , Texas , Russell is serving his third tour in Iraq and has previously deployed to Bosnia and Kosovo , according to his service record . His father , Wilburn Russell , also of Sherman , said Russell had e-mailed his wife saying he believed unidentified officers were trying to run him out of the military . "  As far as he was concerned , the military was the most wonderful thing that ever happened to him , " Wilburn Russell said . "  Evidently , he felt they turned against him and life was over . He did n't care any more , I guess . "  He broke . He just could n't handle it . " Russell had recently been referred to counseling by his commander because of unspecified words and actions , Perkins said . The commander also ordered that the sergeant 's weapon be taken away . Among those killed in the shooting was Navy Cmdr. Charles Springle , 52 , of Wilmington , North Carolina . Springle was part of the 55th Medical Company , stationed at Camp Liberty . The military had not released the names of the other victims Tuesday afternoon , pending notification of their families . A senior Defense official told CNN that when Russell was leaving the clinic Monday , he "  became hostile and an altercation broke out . " He was then escorted back to his quarters by another soldier , said the official , who has read the most recent summary of the investigation in Baghdad . A couple of hours later , Russell seized a weapon from a fellow soldier , "  commandeered " a vehicle and drove back to the clinic , the Defense official said . A soldier from Russell 's quarters called military police , but they were n't able to stop him in time . A summary of the investigation earlier Tuesday had suggested Russell took the weapon from his escort -- but that was unclear in the most recent report . The escort typically would have been a buddy , someone from Russell 's unit , the Defense official said . Such steps are handled within the unit , and with the suicides of other troops they would have wanted someone close to keep an eye on him : "  Keep your buddy close . " The aggravated assault charge is for the struggle for the weapon in the vehicle , another Defense official said . Russell is from the 54th Engineering Battalion , based out of Bamberg , Germany -- a unit attached to Multi-National Division South but based at Camp Victory in Baghdad . He 's now in military police custody at Camp Victory . The 54th 's 15-month deployment began in May 2008 ; the battalion is due to leave Iraq in August . Perkins said the military has launched a criminal investigation into the attack and another probe to explore the military 's mental health services operations and how such an incident can be avoided in the future . Among the five killed , two are officers from the staff of the clinic -- one from the Army and the other from the Navy . Both are from the 55th Medical Company . The other three were enlisted soldiers who happened to be at the clinic . Perkins , who said there are no immediate insights on a motive , said Russell had been receiving counseling within his battalion . Last week , Russell was referred to the Camp Liberty center . "  He had been seen by his chain of command , chaplain , things like that for about the week prior to  the incident  , but that could have been the first time he physically had gone to the clinic , " Perkins said . "  He was referred to counseling the week before and his commander determined that it was best for him not to have a weapon , " he explained . Watch how the shootings have raised the issue of post-traumatic stress disorder " Perkins could not confirm any sequence of events and said the investigation into the incident is ongoing . "  Speculation does not serve us well , or rumor , " he said . "  We need to know the facts because we will spend a lot of time trying to prevent these types of things in the future . " The clinic is temporarily closed for the investigation , with alternate locations available , Perkins said . Russell was apprehended outside the clinic after the shots were heard , Perkins said . Maj. Gen. Daniel Bolger , the commander of Multi-National Division-Baghdad , also spoke to reporters , telling them that a "  tragedy like this " points to the "  challenges " troops face . "  When something like this happens we 've got to be careful not to judge too harshly and extend a sympathy that is due to all these soldiers and families , " he said . Bolger said there is a "  stigma " to mental health issues . "  Not all injuries are physical , and so you 've got to have that door open for the guys , and that is one of the things we emphasize in our training . And , it 's particularly challenging for a fellow like Sgt. Russell . "  He is a non-commissioned officer . ... He is in a leadership capacity . And to make that trip down there is a tough decision for either him or his chain of command to make , but we are willing to make it and we have had those facilities and care available . " Wilburn Russell said he hopes his son is found to be temporarily insane . "  We 're devastated , " he said . "  We 're heartsick , not just for our son , but for the people that are involved -- the people that got killed and their families . "  My gosh , it 's a horrible thing . It 's impacted hundreds of people . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Mike Mount , Chris Lawrence , Barbara Starr , Cal Perry and Ed Lavendera contributed to this report	NEW : Suspect struggled with fellow soldier over weapon , defense official says Army Sgt. John Russell charged in killings of five fellow soldiers Russell , 44 , of Texas serving third tour in Iraq Military spokesman : Russell referred to counseling , had gun confiscated recently
CNN  -- The on-going reports about child molestation in the Catholic church have led the public and the media to ask what causes someone to be sexually attracted to children . Scientists use the word pedophilia to refer to the sexual preference for children before puberty  usually , before age 11  , and the word hebephilia , to refer to the sexual preference for children at puberty  usually , ages 11 to 14  . Although there have been claims that child molestation is a result of homosexuality  or of celibacy  , there is absolutely no basis in science for either conclusion . The scientific evidence instead suggests that pedophilia and hebephilia are caused by atypical brain development occurring near or before birth . MRI research has found very large differences in brain structure between men who have a sexual preference for children and those who have a sexual preference for adults . These differences were detected as regions of low density in brain tissue called white matter . White matter is what connects the various parts of the brain , enabling it to function as a whole . The white matter that is affected in pedophilia and hebephilia is the white matter that connects the parts of the brain that respond to sexual images .  Specifically , these regions were the superior occipitofrontal fasciculus and the arcuate fasciculus . There does not exist any evidence that gay men share this feature of decreased white matter . In fact , there is some evidence that gay men have areas of more white matter than straight men , in at least some parts of the brain  called the corpus callosum  . Also demonstrating that gay men have no more of a sexual interest in children than do straight men are studies that have measured sexual responses directly : There exists a test , called a phallometric test , in which a man is shown images of adults and children , both male and female , while he wears a device on his penis to detect even very small changes in blood volume . The procedure is routinely used with sexual offenders , and research has repeatedly shown phallometric testing to be one of the most -- if not the single most -- accurate predictor of who is the most likely to commit future sexual offenses . When regular gay men and regular straight men  not offenders  are tested , gay men respond to images of children in exactly the same way that straight men do : very little . Out of typical men , approximately two to three percent have a sexual preference for men rather than women , and out of pedophilic/hebephilic men , approximately 20 to 30 percent have a sexual preference for boys rather than girls . It is an error , however , to conclude from this that the two to three percent who prefer men are more likely than the others to break out of their preferences to contact a child sexually . That is , the offenses against boys are being committed by the 20 to 30 percent of pedophiles who prefer boys , not by the two to three percent of otherwise typical men who prefer men . The misconception that gay men pose a disproportionate risk to children comes from a misunderstanding of men 's sexual preferences : Pedophilia is the genuine sexual preference for children . The evidence suggests that these are innate and immutable characteristics . Pedophilia/hebephilia is not a temporary state from which those who prefer boys can become typical gay men , nor from which those who prefer girls can become typical straight men . Nor is there any known route by which someone with a genuine sexual preference for adults can develop a genuine sexual preference for children , either girls or boys . Although it is reasonable to question why the Catholic priesthood appears to include so many pedophilic or hebephilic men , there is no scientific evidence that homosexuality is the answer , nor that fostering discrimination against gay men could be a solution . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. James Cantor . Click here more information and updates on his research .	There is no scientific evidence to link gay men and child molesters MRI research shows distinct differences in brain structure between the two Pedophilia/hebephilia is not a temporary state from which one can become a typical gay man
Washington  CNN  -- A Tennessee woman sued Southwest Airlines and a flight attendant Tuesday for $ 800,000 for serving tea she says severely burned her . On December 28 , 2011 , Angelica Keller was seated in the window seat of the front row on Flight 955 between Nashville and Houston with a stop in New Orleans . She ordered hot tea , and the suit says the flight attendant brought her a cup of "  extremely hot water " sitting in another cup which contained the tea bag and condiment packets . Air Force One aborts landing , second try successful In the "  plaintiffs efforts to extricate the tea bag from its position of being wedged between the tilted paper ` hot cup ' of extremely hot water and the shorter clear plastic soft drink cup , the extremely hot water spilled into her lap at her groin area , " the suit said . Keller 's body suffered second degree burns and her skin blistered , peeled and she was permanently scarred , the lawyers said . "  Our Customers ' comfort is our top priority at all times , and we safely serve about 100 million drinks onboard every year , " Southwest spokesman Chris Mainz said in a statement . "  The referenced event is unfortunate , and we are currently reviewing it . We ca n't provide additional details due to the pending lawsuit that was filed . " Southwest does not have tray tables in the front rows of its aircraft , and Keller 's suit said that contributed to the accident . It also said the airline served the drink in an unreasonable manner and used "  hot water at a temperature too hot for use in an aircraft . " Mainz was unable to provide the standard temperature of the water on Southwest flights , but said it has never been an issue in the past . The suit , filed Tuesday , seeks $ 300,000 for property damages , medical bills , injuries and pain and suffering as well as $ 500,000 in punitive damages . Crikey ! Crew corrals crocodile in cargo hold on plane	Woman suffered second-degree burns , is permanently scarred , lawyers say Southwest does not have trays in front rows , which contributed to the accident , suit says "  We safely serve about 100 million drinks onboard every year , " Southwest says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- How does a man from an unassuming Dutch village go to being loved in South Korea , adored in Australia , revered in Russia and admired in England ? Guus Hiddink , the Russia and Chelsea coach , has had much to smile about in his 22-year managerial career . By being an exceptional football manager , for one . Enjoying success around the world -- at different levels with different players in different cultures -- has made Guus Hiddink one of the most admired bosses around . Born in rural Varsseveld , near the German border , in 1946 , Hiddink 's early years were unremarkable . While playing semi-professional football , he spent 10 years as a gym teacher at a school for children with learning difficulties . Most of his playing days were in the midfield of De Graafschap , a smallish club with no history of winning silverware . He later spent two years playing in America before returning to retire at De Graafschap . Watch CNN 's exclusive interview with Hiddink " Little , then , to suggest that here was a man who would achieve so much in his later career . But great players seldom become great managers . His first steps in that direction came at De Graafschap , Holland , where he was assistant manager before moving to the same role at Dutch giants PSV Eindhoven . See key moments from Hiddink 's career " By 1987 , at the age of 40 , he was in charge of PSV and led them to their 1988 European Cup win , a feat unthinkable today . He almost reached the final again in 2005 during his second spell in Eindhoven . Hiddink 's keeper at PSV , Hans van Breukelen , revealed some of the manager 's methods . "  He 's very interested in people and immediately tries to create a family environment , " he told Britain 's Sun newspaper . "  I can vividly remember him smoking and having a cup of coffee with his players . I do n't know if he still smokes , but he was a chain smoker at PSV . " Hiddink 's resume includes stints in other high-pressure jobs such as Fenerbahce , Valencia and Real Madrid , but it 's on the international scene where his shrewd tactical mind , organizational skills and motivational prowess grabbed attention . Semifinalists with Holland at the 1998 World Cup , he took over South Korea in 2001 and led the co-hosts of the 2002 World Cup to the last four . No Asian country had ever gone as far in a World Cup before and he left the job a national hero . He agreed to coach another underdog in the shape of Australia in 2005 and led them to the 2006 World Cup . There , the Socceroos had eventual winners Italy rattled for much of their second-round match before succumbing to a late , controversial penalty . Hiddink took Russia to Euro 2008 , where they were beaten by Spain at the semifinal stage . Naturally his hometown Varsseveld wanted to capitalize on Hiddink 's huge global popularity . The "  Guuseum " was built in his honor , which for a time was particularly popular with South Koreans on a pilgrimage to see from where their idol hailed . Chelsea were in the doldrums when he arrived on a short-term deal in January as a favor to his comrade , Roman Abramovich , the club 's billionaire owner . And the Hiddink magic has worked again , giving the Blues direction to a season that was drifting under previous boss Luiz Felipe Scolari . But the straight-speaking Dutchman is loyal to the project he has in charge of the Russian national side and insists he will leave Chelsea at the end of the season regardless . Sure of himself but free of ego , Hiddink knows what he wants . And , as he 's repeatedly proved , he knows how to get it too .	Born in 1946 , Hiddink has become one of the best managers in the world Dutchman has enjoyed huge success at club and international level He 's currently coach of Russia and is in charge of Chelsea until end of May
CNN  When 65 cases of 20-year-old Pappy Van Winkle -- one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world -- were reported missing from a Kentucky distillery in October 2013 , it was the crime heard round the whiskey-drinking world . Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton , the man leading the investigation into the estimated $ 26,000 in missing Pappy , said at the time that the high-end heist was "  indicative of an inside job . " But ever since , the trail went largely cold . Until now . On Tuesday , a Franklin County grand jury indicted "  nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft ... and illegal trafficking " of liquor from two different Kentucky distilleries : Frankfort 's Buffalo Trace -- makers of Pappy -- and the nearby Wild Turkey Distillery , makers of the eponymous bourbon , according to the indictment . Just like making good bourbon -- a specific type of whiskey synonymous with the Bluegrass State -- Melton 's case required time to develop and old-fashioned Kentucky ingenuity . The sheriff 's hunch was reflected in the indictment : Of the nine named , two worked at Buffalo Trace and one worked at Wild Turkey . The alleged ringleader , according to Assistant Commonwealth Attorney Zach Becker , is Gilbert "  Toby " Curtsinger , a 45-year-old loading dock worker at the Buffalo Trace Distillery . Curtsinger and his wife , Julie , each face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime . Curtsinger -- who has worked at Buffalo Trace for more than 20 years -- was arrested in March after authorities , acting on a tip , found five barrels of bourbon behind a shed on his property , according to CNN affiliate WKYT . Those barrels , weighing more than 500 pounds each and worth up to $ 6,000 apiece , had recently been stolen from Wild Turkey , Melton told BourbonBlog.com 's Tom Fischer . While an additional search warrant allegedly turned up illegal steroids from Curtsinger 's home , there was no sign of any Pappy . "  He does n't know anything about  stolen Pappy Van Winkle  , " his mother , Teresa Curtsinger , told CNN last month . In fact , she said , once he bonded out of jail , Curtsinger returned to his job at Buffalo Trace . However , according to Melton , "  Curtsinger was involved in numerous thefts of Pappy Van Winkle , as well as Eagle Rare bourbon , both in bottles and barrels . " Melton said Curtsinger distributed the highly coveted bourbon through a network of connections in his softball league . Teresa Curtsinger did not immediately return a message Tuesday . But Gilbert Curtsinger 's attorney , Whitney Lawson , told the Courier-Journal of Louisville , "  we 've been waiting patiently for this to happen . We 're glad that if they 're going to indict that they 've indicted so we can get to work . " At a press conference announcing the indictments , Melton got emotional as he described the tremendous amount of effort put into the investigation . "  Franklin County detectives  have done an absolute incredible job , " he said as he choked back tears . "  And I 'm thrilled to have been a part of it . " Fischer , the whiskey blogger , got a different kind of emotional tug from what flanked the sheriff : several hundred thousand dollars ' worth of recovered booze -- including 20 cases of Pappy . Whether those 20 were among the 65 that vanished is not immediately known , but that did n't matter to Fischer . "  On behalf of bourbon lovers everywhere , we are thrilled that the Pappy is back ! "	9 indicted on organized crime charges related to bourbon thefts Employees at two Kentucky distilleries among those indicted
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A New York nightclub hostess identified by a supermarket tabloid as Tiger Woods ' mistress has called allegations that she is romantically involved with the golf superstar false and "  ridiculous . " In an interview published Tuesday , Rachel Uchitel told The New York Post that a disgruntled acquaintance sold the story to the National Enquirer and that "  not a word of it is true . " "  I work in clubs , and I am a businesswoman , " Uchitel said . "  I do not have sex with celebrities , and I have not had an affair with Tiger Woods . " Speculation has swirled around Woods since a wreck outside his Florida home early Friday left him with minor injuries and a citation for careless driving . The Florida Highway Patrol said Tuesday that its citation closes its investigation of the crash . Woods was not required to talk to state police about the wreck and did not sit for an interview with investigators . He issued a statement Sunday saying he alone was responsible for the crash and denouncing "  the many false , unfounded and malicious rumors that are currently circulating about my family and me . " Opinion : Woods is only human The 33-year-old golf phenomenon has won the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament each four times , as well as three U.S. Open titles . Investigators have said they do n't have details on why Woods was driving away from his home at such an early hour . A police report says the wreck was not alcohol-related . Uchitel said she has met Woods twice , once in her capacity as the VIP director at a club in Manhattan 's trendy Meatpacking District and another time through a mutual friend . "  That 's my job : to know these people , to have a relationship with them , to hang out with them , " she told the Post . "  It does n't mean I am having sex with them or an affair with them . " She said the allegations "  must feel horrible " to Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren . "  The worst part of it , it 's not true , " Uchitel said .	NEW : Rachel Uchitel to New York Post : I met Woods only twice Nightclub hostess says tabloid allegations came from disgruntled acquaintance False rumor "  must feel horrible " to Woods ' wife , Uchitel says
CNN  In 2013 , people just wanted to know how to twerk . It was a more innocent time . This year , people wanted to know if they had Ebola . Google has released its annual round-up of the year 's top global searches . Apple , Facebook and other companies also do these recaps , but those only show what we bought or posted publicly on social media . Our search history is a more honest , sometimes embarrassing , peek into what we really care about . In 2014 , the entire world was sad about the passing of Robin Williams , excited to watch the World Cup and worried about Ebola . Those three topics top the list of global trending searches , which also includes missing Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 , the viral phenomenon Ice Bucket Challenge , addictive smartphone game Flappy Bird and Eurovision winner and drag queen Conchita Wurst . Celebrity deaths tend to dominate Google 's year-end lists . Last year Paul Walker was the top trending topic after dying in a car accident , and Nelson Mandela and "  Glee " actor Cory Monteith were in the top five . Google breaks out a special , sad category of "  trending celebrity losses " to show the deceased celebrities we searched for most . Following Williams on this year 's list were Joan Rivers , Philip Seymour Hoffman , Maya Angelou and Jan Hooks . Most popular global searches for living people were Jennifer Lawrence and Kim Kardashian . French actress Julie Gayet was third on the list , likely because of allegations that she had an affair with French President Francois Hollande . Tracy Morgan 's tragic car accident and Renee Zellweger 's new look also stoked our curiosity . In the United States , domestic abuse made NFL 's Ray Rice a top searched for person , and NASCAR driver Tony Stewart was a top topic after he struck and killed fellow driver Kevin Ward Jr. during a race . Google is a first stop for questions people may be to embarrassed to ask their friends . This year 's top "  What is ... " queries included Ebola , ALS , ISIS , Bitcoin and asphyxia . Apple 's Airdrop feature , which lets you share files between Apple devices , was either very popular or very confusing . It made the list of top "  What is ... " searches and was the top trending "  How to ... " search for the year . After sharing files , we just wanted to know how to contour with makeup , vote , kiss and craft . Google is a popular first stop for looking up various health symptoms . Ebola was the top term here too , but it was n't the only ailment we thought we might have in 2014 . The top searches for symptoms also included the flu , pregnancy , Aspergers , and spurred on by the Ice Bucket Challenge , ALS . Like hypochondriacs , dog owners also take to Google in large numbers . In a special round-up of top dog related searches , we learn that dog people want to know why Sparky keeps eating grass and if he can dream . YouTube 's most popular video of 2014 was ...	Robin Williams was the top trending search topic in 2014 Ebola , the World Cup and Jennifer Lawrence were also popular Google searches Google releases a comprehensive list of top searches at the end of each year
CNN  -- Playboy magazine issued an apology Monday for the cover of its Mexican edition , which features an Argentine model in what many observers say is meant to be a depiction of the Virgin Mary . Playboy issued an apology after outrage erupted over this cover of the magazine 's Mexican edition . Playboy Mexico has said the cover was not meant to portray the Virgin Mary , despite being printed just days before the Feast of the Immaculate Conception and the Feast of Our Lady of Guadalupe -- both Catholic holidays centering on the Virgin Mary . CNN 's Rick Sanchez sat down with CNN Español 's Glenda Umana and Father Albert Cutie , a Radio La Paz host , to discuss the reaction among Mexicans and Catholics . The transcript has been edited for clarity . Rick Sanchez : What is going on in Mexico and how big a deal is this ? Watch the controversy over the Playboy cover " Glenda Umana : ... there has not been a lot of publicity . It 's very interesting , but certainly it has been very , very offensive , not only for the Catholics in Mexico , but all Catholics worldwide . As we can see , this Mexican version of Playboy magazine shows the cover of a model as you were explaining -- María Florencia Onori from Argentina -- posing like the Virgin Mary . This was published last week on the exact date , Rick , when millions of Mexicans celebrate the festival of the Virgin of Guadalupe . Very important , not only for Mexicans but for all Latino-Americans . Sanchez : So the timing is interesting here . Let me read to the viewers , because we contacted the magazine ... Umana : You have a reaction from them , right ? Sanchez : We do . It 's right here . This is from the publisher of the magazine , Raul Sayrols . He says , "  The image is not and never was intended to portray the Virgin of Guadalupe , " -- which is the Virgin Mary -- "  The intent was to portray a renaissance-like mood on the cover . " Interesting . Let me bring in somebody for whom this hits home . He 's one of the best known priests in the United States . His name is Father Cutie . I worked with him in Miami many times , has his own show -- actually he 's got his own book out now . It 's called "  Real Life , Real Love . " Bestseller , by the way . Father , are we as Catholics just too sensitive when it comes to this kind -- after all , it 's a beautiful woman being shown to represent what is , in our minds , to all of us , a beautiful woman . Father Albert Cutie : Listen , there 's no doubt that she 's a beautiful woman . But a stained-glass window and the veil that looks like that , certainly there 's a reference to Mary . Whoever tells you there is n't is simply being hypocritical or not very honest . And that 's what I do n't like about the statement from Playboy magazine . I think that they timed it not only with the Virgin of Guadalupe , as Glenda was saying , but also with the month of December . How many nativity scenes are out there this time of the year ? How many times is Mary a central figure in this whole celebration ? And this is offensive . This is very offensive . It 's blasphemous . Sanchez : As a matter of fact , Father -- Cutie : It 's wrong . Sanchez : Father , we got one statement from him . But let me read you the entire statement he had put out earlier in the day , "  The image is not and never was intended to portray the Virgin of Guadalupe or any other religious figure . " He goes on to say -- "  or any other religious figure . " Now , on its face , as you look at this picture , that looks like a bald-faced lie , does n't it ? Cutie : No , and not only that , this is someone who obviously has no scruples . And I 'm not talking about the model -- whoever assigned this whole thing . First of all , we do n't adore Mary ; we adore God , only God . And to say "  Te Adoramos María , " the Spanish -- "  We adore you , Mary " -- basically , it 's making a direct religious reference to something which is sacred . Because you do n't adore anything if it 's not sacred . So to us , really it 's a double offense ... Sanchez : And by the way , the emphasis , "  Te Adoramos , " as you know , being Cuban yourself , that word in Spanish has even more of a heightened religious meaning than it does in English . Cutie : That 's right . It means that you love someone -- Sanchez : Hail -- you hail them . Cutie : That 's right . That 's right . Now , in the cover of a magazine of a porn business that is already a huge success , why would you need to use religious symbols to sell more magazines ? This sounds desperate to me . And not only desperate , it 's totally offensive to a billion Catholics in the world and to non-Catholics who honor Mary as the mother of Jesus .	Model María Florencia Onori featured on cover above caption , "  We adore you , Mary " December plays host to several religious holidays honoring Virgin Mary Priest : "  It 's totally offensive to a billion Catholics in the world " Playboy says cover was never meant to portray any religious figure
CNN  Early Intervention changes lives . Respite care keeps families together . Both save states money over time . Alas , both -- along with a huge swathe of other vital services -- are under attack by the administration of Bruce Rauner , the new Republican governor of Illinois . This is happening for two reasons . First , Rauner has a problem . He promised to lower taxes despite a $ 6.2 billion structural budget deficit . Unwilling to think about new revenue , all he can do is cut programs . Second , Rauner 's cuts are taking place against the backdrop of a bigger attack on disability . Too many right-wing politicians and pundits see disability as a wedge issue with which they can divide interest groups , pit people who need help against each other and rip apart the core social safety net . Meanwhile , they reassure their base , which is filled with individuals who also need help from the state , that only they really deserve benefits . Like Rauner , other governors are cutting services in the name of austerity . Kansas , under Sam Brownback , has pushed disabled people off Medicaid , making services less effective and efficient . Scott Walker , in Wisconsin , has proposed cutting long-term care services in such a way as to limit individual choice of caregivers and service providers , empowering the healthcare industry and not disabled Americans . Florida has gutted benefits to severely disabled individuals in workers ' compensation cases and eliminated countless positions in the Department of Health . And that 's all just at the state level . Nationally , the new Congress began the year with a sustained attack on Social Security Disability Insurance , which some analysts see as a way to threaten the whole foundation of Social Security . Last December , House Republicans insisted that the ABLE act , a bill intended to help people with disabilities and their caregivers save money , only be offered to those who were disabled before the age of 26 , a limitation aimed at excluding people who become disabled through work , disease , accident or age . Now Bruce Rauner is adding to this troubling pattern . The Rauner budget slashes state spending by over $ 4 billion , much of the savings gleaned by eliminating or reducing eligibility for programs based in the Department of Human Services  DHS  . Each cut will come with costs to families and individuals who need the state 's help most . Moreover , many of the cut programs actually save the state money over time . Take , for example , Early Intervention , which provides services to children with developmental delays from birth to age 3 at little cost to the parents  there are means-tested co-pays  . At their best , these therapies not only help children with disabilities learn new skills , but also teach parents to better understand their children . Right now , a child who is at least 30 % delayed in any category -- for example being at least 30 % less able to use speech than a typical child of their age -- is eligible for services . Now , as explained to me by a spokesperson for DHS , the program has to save $ 23 million  they did not explain how this number was picked  . The plan is to take every child who is 30-49 % delayed  about 10,000 children  , re-test them , and remove eligibility from thousands of those deemed the least deserving until the arbitrary dollar amount is reached . Over the long term , this is not only bad for children , but is bad for Illinois ' budget . The program is extremely economically efficient . For each dollar spent on programs like Early Intervention , according to studies by people such as the Nobel Laureate James Heckman and the Rand Corporation , the state saves at least $ 7 in future services . Those savings are , in fact , most likely to be realized most dramatically with precisely the children that DHS is trying to exclude . Children with only mild delays can , with Early Intervention , avoid requiring the more expensive special education services in school when they are older . Everyone wins . Despite this Gregory Bassi , acting secretary of DHS , is undeterred . At a recent state Senate budget hearing , which I attended , Bassi kept saying that the program was too expensive and seemed unable to address the long-term costs of short-term savings . He even , in a revealing moment , said that his own nephew ought to get booted from the program because the nephew 's parents make too much money  a spokesperson clarified that Bassi actually has two nephews in the program , both of whom have benefited from the therapy  . Respite programs , which the Rauner budget eliminates entirely , provide qualified assistance to people who care for people with disabilities . Sometimes , such a program just enables the caregiver to do errands or have some private time , essential to maintaining one 's ability to function in a challenging home environment . The programs also provide emergency backup should the caregiver have a medical problem or some other issue . Like Early Intervention , the program is cost efficient . Without respite , families are more likely to disintegrate . In such cases , the person with a disability is likely to end up in a state-run facility . This is both vastly more expensive and , most importantly , generally bad for the institutionalized individual . In fact , the Rauner budget is packed with what Illinois Senate Appropriations Committee chair Heather Steans , a Democrat , called , "  penny wise , pound foolish " proposals . Throughout , the governor and his administration have found ways to re-write definitions of disability in order to save money . They will likely end up paying more as a result of increased use of emergency rooms , rates of incarceration and homelessness . Violent encounters between police and people with disabilities will only become more common . People who now receive aid that allows them to live more independently will end up institutionalized or in nursing homes . Not only that , but many of these programs bring in matching funds from the federal government or other sources , and the state is surrendering those dollars as well . So why make these cuts , given their likely long-term costs ? It may be that the Rauner administration just does n't care about long-term fiscal health so long as next year 's budget looks good . But I see the Rauner attacks on disability-related services as just the latest example of lawmakers trying to re-define disability in a way that saves them money . Questions about the fundamental necessity of disability benefits infuse right-wing speech on the issue . Thom Tillis , the new senator from North Carolina , was filmed in 2011 calling Republicans to "  divide and conquer " by separating the sympathetic disabled -- people with conditions like Down syndrome and cerebral palsy -- from the unsympathetic  people he implies are just lazy  . That 's a rhetoric I see at play regularly , though most lawmakers are too smart to say it out loud . Recently , for example , Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky falsely claimed that 50 % of all individuals on disability were "  gaming the system . " Fraud is , in fact , somewhere around 1 % . While defending Paul 's claim , a Fox News host told a woman that her bipolar disorder was "  something made up . " I do n't hear that type of explicit hateful language from the Rauner administration . Everyone I 've talked to is saying that they want to help the most vulnerable . They just have a big budget deficit , so they have no choice but to make these draconian cuts . But there are always choices . Rauner is just following the right-wing playbook . Rule out making up the shortfall by increasing taxes and thus raising revenue . Play different groups of needy against each other . Tell the public that only some people really deserve help . Divide and conquer .	David Perry : Governors are making the wrong choice by aiming to cut disability programs and benefits He says new Illinois governor is among those making short-sighted decisions
CNN  -- Paul Sacco says searching for his daughter feels something like bleeding out . All the hope , heartache and anxiety that go into it leave him feeling diminished . But the Colorado lawyer and amateur guitarist has managed to bottle up some of that energy , spending hundreds of hours creating what is both a tribute to Aubrey Sacco and a monument to his sorrow : a 14-song album he has published to Internet vendors . "  Finding Aubrey " includes 11 songs written and performed by Sacco at his home studio , as well as the last three songs Aubrey herself recorded at home before the 23-year-old disappeared in April 2010 while hiking alone in Nepal . The case is unsolved , and the album -- for sale on iTunes and other outlets -- is a fundraiser for an investigation into her disappearance . "  So many people who know us say , ` What is it like ? ' or ' I ca n't imagine what it 's like to have your daughter go missing , ' " Paul Sacco said in a phone interview . "  The album tells the whole story : feeling helpless , feeling like you want to celebrate your daughter , feeling like she may never come back and diminishing yourself as you look for her . " Aubrey disappeared toward the end of a five-month post-college trip in Asia . The 2009 University of Colorado graduate , who had a double major in psychology and art , went to Sri Lanka to teach yoga to vacationers before traveling to India to study yoga and volunteer to help schoolchildren with music and art . She hoped to do charitable work , perhaps hooking up with a nongovernmental organization abroad , her dad said . But she vanished on the last stop of her trip , in Nepal 's Langtang National Park , where she hiked for at least two days . She initially was believed to have made it as far as a particular village on the hike 's second day , but villagers there changed their stories and said they did n't see her after all . Investigators do n't know what happened to her and have yet to find any physical trace of her . Paul Sacco , 59 , and his wife Connie have taken trips to Nepal to press the investigation , working with private investigators , Nepali police and the Nepali army to try to determine what happened . Between his job and his investigation , Sacco found at least three hours a day for more than a year to create the album . Playing all the instruments , supplying all the vocals and recording and mixing the tracks , he grieved through music . He came up with a first version last year before publishing the finished product in April . "  My counselor said that he felt that was extremely healthy for me as an outlet , because that was how  Aubrey and I  related to each other , through music and art , " Sacco said . There are songs of tribute and nostalgia . "  Crayons in the Sun " recalls Aubrey growing up -- painting , going to a father-daughter dance , wearing a homemade dress to graduation . "  I 've written songs since I was 10 years old . I never wrote a song that I was crying onto the paper so much that the pen would n't write -- until then , " Sacco said . The album also shows moments of determination . In "  The Great Divide , " Sacco sings of moving heaven and Earth for her . "  Your pictures all hang in these empty rooms / I know you 'll be here , soon , " he sings . In much of the album , though , Sacco works through despair and isolation . "  Now we 're the car wreck on the road / people turn their heads and drive away from here , " he sings in "  A. " "  Stare into the Darkness " speaks in part to the investigation 's magnitude : "  Stare into the darkness / and it 'll stare right back at you / from the other side of the world / I think it 's going to run me through . " Listeners also get to hear Aubrey , in songs that Sacco asked her to record before she left . They used to play music together , and he knew she was working on a few songs in the months before her trip . "  The night she was packing for Sri Lanka , I asked her , ` Honey , I really want you to record these songs , ' " Sacco said . "  She said , ` Why ? ' I said , ` Just in case something happens to you . ' " Aubrey 's songs were rough recordings , not meant to be final products . But Sacco is grateful to have them and says they "  give you a flavor of where she 's coming from . " Sacco believes one of her songs , "  My Heart Knows , " was an "  accept-me-for-who-I-am " sort of song , addressed primarily to a romantic interest but possibly to whoever listens . "  Please let me be me / person you 're afraid to be / but do n't worry , I know where to go / I know , because my heart knows , " Aubrey sings . Sacco , who did n't particularly want Aubrey traveling alone , said the song offers a good glimpse at his strong-willed daughter . He has sold several hundred copies so far , and that 's a few hundred dollars more for the family 's investigation fund . He 's grateful to have had the chance to explain what he 's feeling though music . Sacco hoped the disappearance would be solved by the time the album was done . Since he finished it , he has n't been able to write much . The two relatively new half-songs he 's written still are about Aubrey , but he says he does n't have the energy to complete them . "  The biggest thing was to bury myself in my work at the law office  after the album  , " he said . "  That seems to be a good place to hide . "	Grieving over daughter 's disappearance , Colorado man creates 14-song album Aubrey Sacco disappeared during hike in Nepal in 2010 Album , for sale on iTunes , includes songs from Aubrey and her father Album is fundraiser for investigation
While digging through a box that belonged to his father , Robert Ondrovic uncovered a collection of vintage photos that brought him back to the 1964 World 's Fair . Armed with a Yashica camera , Ondrovic 's father captured everything from family portraits to the modern architecture , which was considered futuristic at the time , said the New York resident . Ondrovic was just 4 years old when his family visited the fair at Flushing Meadows Corona Park in Queens . Today , the photos are a throwback to a different era : Many of the women are decked out in dresses  though Ondrovic 's mother is sporting mint green capris  , a man smokes a cigarette as he strolls through the park , and the Zeppelin-like IBM Pavilion heralds the future of technology . "  It 's nice to look back at these and remember all these memories , " said Ondrovic , who originally posted the photos to CNN iReport . "  Then photography was a luxury because film was expensive . My dad took everything and put it on slides . " Ondrovic 's father introduced both his sons to photography when he bought them Brownie cameras .  Ondrovic 's brother , Richard , was allowed to bring his camera to the fair . He 's six years older . This week marked the 50th anniversary of the grand opening of the fair , which ran April 22 through October 18 , 1964 , and April through October 1965 . The fair 's theme of "  peace through understanding in a shrinking globe and in an expanding universe , " is most easily seen through the 12-story steel globe dubbed the Unisphere . It 's one of two structures still standing . See what the park looks like today A group of local volunteers has vowed to preserve the other structure , the New York State Pavilion . So far , the New York State Pavilion Paint Project has managed to clean and repaint the iconic building . What the late '60s really looked like Vintage photos like these evoke a certain sense of nostalgia . Do you have vintage photographs that are special to you ? Share your '60s throwback photos and memories with CNN iReport .	Robert Ondrovic found his father 's photos from the 1964 World 's Fair The photos are a throwback to a time of retro clothes and "  modern " architecture This week marks the 50th anniversary of the opening of the fair Do you have special vintage photos ? Share them with CNN iReport
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan opposition leaders received a major morale boost Friday when a top U.S. senator made a surprise visit to the rebel stronghold of Benghazi and urged greater American involvement in the bloody campaign to oust strongman Moammar Gadhafi . The visit from Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , came a day after the United States said it was deploying predator drones to Libya . McCain said the drones would increase NATO 's capability in the war-torn North African country , but not enough to make up a shortfall in assets needed to break a "  significant degree of stalemate . " He said he was against U.S. troops on the ground -- echoing Obama administration policy -- but argued that Western powers need to do more to "  facilitate " the delivery of weapons and training for the rebels . "  We have prevented the worst outcome in Libya , " McCain told reporters . "  Now we need to increase our support so that the Libyan people can achieve the only satisfactory outcome to this mass protest for universal rights -- the end of Gadhafi 's rule and the beginning of a peaceful and inclusive transition to democracy that will benefit all Libyans . " McCain , the top Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , is a former presidential nominee and decorated Navy veteran . The five-term senator is considered a senior congressional spokesman on military and foreign policy matters . McCain is the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit Libya since the conflict erupted in February . During his visit , he challenged critics of NATO 's intervention to tour Benghazi and see a "  powerful and hopeful example of what a free Libya can be . " The senator was greeted by a crowd of roughly 100 Libyans waving American flags . "  Thank you John McCain ! Thank you Obama , " people chanted . "  Thank you America ! We need freedom ! Gadhafi go away ! " McCain visited Benghazi 's Freedom Square , accompanied by , among others , Abdul Hafiz Ghoga , deputy chairman of the opposition Transitional National Council . He paused at a courthouse wall covered with scores of pictures of people allegedly killed by Gadhafi 's forces and others who have gone missing since uprisings began . "  The American people support you very strongly , and we know it 's necessary to help as much as we can , " McCain told a woman who thanked him for U.S. support . As McCain met with the rebels , miles away in western Libya , a fierce battle continued to rage for control of Misrata , the country 's third-largest city . Misrata has been under siege for seven weeks by Gadhafi loyalists . "  Let 's face it . This is not a fair fight , " McCain asserted . "  Maybe we should be doing everything we can to help these people and maybe we 're not , and they 're dying . " While McCain insisted he would not have gone to Libya without the backing of the White House , a top Middle East analyst told CNN the senator 's trip would increase the pressure on President Barack Obama to step up U.S. involvement . McCain "  brings more limelight to the rebels , " said Michael Rubin , a Middle East scholar with the American Enterprise Institute , a conservative Washington think tank . "  His visit forces some American officials to reconsider their assessment of the rebels . " "  The fact that McCain was able to conduct this meeting shows a modicum of organization  among the rebels  and also raises the question : if McCain can meet the people for whom we are fighting , why not Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ? Why not Vice President Joe Biden ? " If McCain returns to Capitol Hill and demands formal recognition of the rebel government as the legitimate representative of the Libyan people , it is certain to shift the debate on U.S. diplomatic posture , Rubin said . If all opponents of the intervention "  have done is sit back comfortably in Washington , it will be harder for them to drum up moral authority to back their arguments , " he noted . Asked by CNN to define the U.S. end game in Libya , McCain said he envisions "  a departure of Moammar Gadhafi and the Libyan people being able to set up a government by themselves , with the assistance primarily of the Europeans but also the United States of America . " "  Libya is much closer to Europe , and Europeans have greater ties to Libya and greater interests , " McCain noted . The United Nations has sanctioned military action only to protect civilians . Both American and European leaders , however , have repeatedly stated that their political goal is the ouster of Gadhafi . What would the Gadhafi 's departure mean ? "  It means one of three things , " McCain said . "  He joins Hugo Chavez in Venezuela or he goes to International Criminal Court , which is my preference , or he joins Hitler and Stalin . " The senator noted that rebel leaders have insisted Gadhafi step down from power , significantly reducing the chances for a political settlement . When Gadhafi 's forces were outside Benghazi , the dictator said he "  was going to go house to house and kill every person that he could , " McCain added . "  There is no doubt what Col. Gadhafi will do to his own people if he has the opportunity . ... That 's not a settlement . That 's a massacre . " McCain defended the track record of predator drones in Pakistan and Afghanistan , arguing that their use has only resulted in civilian deaths when targets have been misidentified . Contacted by CNN , McCain 's office declined to state how the senator 's surprise trip was funded . CNN 's Moni Basu , Reza Sayah , and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , says the U.S. should do more to oust Moammar Gadhafi McCain is a senior congressional authority of military and foreign affairs McCain made a surprise visit to the Libyan rebel stronghold of Benghazi on Friday A foreign policy analyst says the visit will increase pressure on the Obama administration
CNN  -- With just 3,700 residents in Red Bud , Illinois , Denise Metzger is using the process of elimination to guess who bought a lottery ticket now worth $ 218 million at her convenience store last month . "  We 're watching to figure out who has n't been coming in , " Metzger , manager of the Moto Mart , said Tuesday . "  If they got the ticket and are making themselves scarce , that 's what we 've been paying attention to . " The Mega Millions mystery winner 's identity will be revealed by Illinois lottery officials at the Red Bud Village Hall by Wednesday morning . Mayor Tim Lowry sees the decision by the winner to have the announcement in his southern Illinois town as evidence it 's a Red Bud resident . "  Not knowing who it is , it seems like they want to make a splash in Red Bud , " Lowry said . It probably did n't help that the drawing happened on the eve of April Fools ' weekend , leading some locals to joke on Facebook and the sidewalk that they had the winning ticket . It kicked off more than two weeks of speculation around town and online . Michigan winner charged with welfare fraud Red Bud locals commenting on a message board thread threw out several names of suspected winners . "  Names are just going around , we just need to wait and see when they come forward . Congrats to whoever it was ! " one poster wrote . "  I really do n't care who won . I really do n't want to know , It was n't me so I could care less !!! " said another . "  I just hope it is someone that needs the money , " another commenter said . Moto Mart , which has seen a two-fold rise in lottery ticket sales , also seems to be gossip central for lottery rumors . One rumor floating there is that someone ordered 12 new Camaros from the local Chevrolet dealership , Metzger said . "  That 's a big rumor . I had a big laugh about that one . " The sales manager at Weir Chevrolet Buick GMC shot down that gossip . "  They were Corvettes , " said Brandon Liefer . "  I 'm just messing with you , " Liefer added , clarifying that he has no clue who the new millionaire might be and they 've not ordered new cars . The mayor said the "  windfall of money " could be a boostfor his farming community 's economy , but a person "  can only buy so many groceries . " The winner may find it tough to stay in a small town like Red Bud and avoid having their privacy invaded , he said . Two other winning tickets were sold for the March 30 drawing that had a record $ 656 million pre-tax payout . Maryland and Kansas allowed their winners to remain unnamed , but Illinois requires them to come forward publicly . The man and two women who shared ownership of the winning ticket in Maryland are public school employees who are known only as the "  Three Amigos . " The elementary school teacher , a special education teacher , and an administrative worker said they plan to keep their fortune a secret -- and keep working . Metzger and her nine employees at Moto Mart collected their own payoff for selling the winning ticket . Their company gave them $ 50,000 to share from the $ 500,000 bonus paid to the store by the Illinois Lottery .	The $ 218 million winner will be announced in Red Bud , Illinois , Wednesday Red Bud 's mayor believes the winner is from his farming community Rumors about the winner spread through the southern Illinois town for two weeks Kansas and Maryland lottery officials allow their winners to stay anonymous , but not Illinois
CNN  -- Scott Forstall , one of the most visible faces of Apple in the wake of Steve Jobs ' death , is leaving the company in a surprise shakeup at the head of Apple ' ranks . Forstall , a senior vice president in charge of Apple 's mobile operating system , iOS , will act as an adviser to CEO Tim Cook until departing some time next year , according to a news release from the company . As the man behind the system that ran Apple 's industry-changing iPhone and iPad , Forstall had been considered a favorite to replace Jobs as CEO after Jobs ' death last October . More recently , Apple observers pegged Forstall , 43 , as the next in line behind Cook . Along with marketing chief Phil Schiller and design guru Jonathan Ive , Forstall anchored the company 's top tier of executives , frequently speaking at Apple 's heralded product unveilings to showcase the ins and outs of operating-system upgrades . Inside Apple 's major shakeup Many felt he was the most logical choice to continue Jobs ' legacy of innovation at Apple , where 70 % of revenue now comes from the mobile devices that iOS powers . "  He was as close to Steve as anybody at the company , " Andy Miller , former head of Apple 's iAd group , told Businessweek last year . "  When he says stuff , people listen . " The Apple press release did not say what Forstall plans to do when he leaves the company . Apple did not immediately respond to a message seeking further details . The release Monday came as Wall Street was virtually shut down in advance of Hurricane Sandy , and more than a million customers along the East Coast were already without power because of the storm 's onslaught . John Browett , Apple 's head of retail , is also leaving , according to the release . The company is launching a search for his replacement , whereas it appears Forstall 's duties will be divvied up for now among other Apple heavy hitters . Ive , Bob Mansfield , Eddy Cue and Craig Federighi "  will add more responsibilities to their roles , " according to the announcement . Cue , the senior vice president for Internet software and services , will take over voice-controlled assistant Siri and Maps , two of iOS 's most prominent features . Federighi , the vice president of Mac software , will now oversee both Mac and iOS . Almost universally lauded for its smooth , easily navigated design , iOS was dinged by many last month for a wonky Maps app and other problems . Replacing Google Maps for the first time as the system 's default tool , users found the map product incomplete and sometimes comically wrong in many locations throughout the world . Some critics said iOS 6 did n't offer many significant advancements over its predecessors , while Google 's Android system continues to evolve more rapidly . Monday 's changes , particularly Forstall 's departure , came as a major surprise . The only comment from Cook in the announcement did n't shed much light on them , either . "  We are in one of the most prolific periods of innovation and new products in Apple 's history , " Cook said in a written statement . "  The amazing products that we 've introduced in September and October , iPhone 5 , iOS 6 , iPad mini , iPad , iMac , MacBook Pro , iPod touch , iPod nano and many of our applications , could only have been created at Apple and are the direct result of our relentless focus on tightly integrating world-class hardware , software and services . " Forstall did not speak at last week 's unveiling of the iPad Mini . But he took the stage at September 's iPhone 5 event , detailing the aforementioned operating-system updates . Forstall has been with Apple since 1997 and , in addition to guiding iOS , is one of the original architects of the company 's desktop and laptop software , Mac OS X . He was responsible for several versions of the software , most notably Mac OS X Leopard in 2007 . Before Apple , he worked with Jobs at his short-lived NeXT , the computer company he ran between stints at Apple .	Apple 's Forstall out in shakeup at the top Forstall , head of Apple 's mobile iOS operating system , will advise until next year System was dinged after Maps update failed to impress Retail chief John Browett also out in Cupertino shakeup
CNN  -- Police on Friday arrested a second contractor employee in recent dry ice explosions at Los Angeles International Airport . Miguel Angel Iniguez , 41 , was a supervisor for 28-year-old baggage handler Dicarlo Bennett , who pleaded not guilty Thursday to two counts of possession of a destructive device in a public place , a Los Angeles Police Department statement said . The statement said Iniguez , of Inglewood , was booked on suspicion of possession of a destructive device near an aircraft . He was being held on $ 500,000 bail . On Sunday , dry ice in a plastic bottle exploded in an employee restroom , causing a brief shutdown of Terminal 2 , the FBI said . No injuries were reported , and the terminal resumed operations after a brief evacuation . The other incident occurred about 8:30 p.m. Monday at the Tom Bradley International Terminal , airport police said . Three plastic bottles containing dry ice were found , but only one had exploded , police said . The explosions did n't cause any injuries . Both Iniguez and Bennett worked for Servisair , a leading global provider of aviation ground services . Bennett continues to be held on $ 1 million bail , but a bail review hearing will be held October 23 . The court entered the not guilty pleas on his behalf . Bennett 's defense attorney Ben Wasserman told reporters after the arraignment that Bennett was removing dry ice from a plane 's holding area because he was told the vapors were dangerous to an animal being transported in the cargo hold . "  His intent in taking the dry ice from the hold was not the intent to make a destructive device , " Wasserman said . "  One of the other crew members said take the dry ice out or do something with the dry ice because the carbon dioxide is harmful to the animal , so he took the dry ice out . " Bennett allegedly thought the explosive devices were "  a game " and "  a funny kind of joke , " and he had no intent to attack people , police said . Dry ice , which is carbon dioxide in solid form , is used as a refrigerant for meats and ice cream , especially when shipped in a box . When dry ice becomes warm , it transforms into vapor . CNN 's Michael Martinez and Traci Tamura contributed to this report .	A second LAX contract workers is arrested in connection with recent blasts The first suspect pleaded not guilty to two counts of possession of a destructive device in a public place 41-year-old Miguel Angel Iniguez , was the first suspect 's supervisor No injuries were reported from the blasts
The Senate passed a spending bill to fund the government through next September -- so why have n't they gone home yet ? Here 's a look at what lawmakers could get done before they can hit the road and head home for the holidays . So what 's left on the agenda for Congress ? The Senate has to confirm about two dozen nominations , including some higher profile candidates for key administration spots . There are also two major policy items that remain unfinished -- a reauthorization of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act  TRIA  , a law that helps insurance companies cover Americans in case of terrorist attacks , and the extension of a package of tax breaks that expired in 2013 . The House-passed version of TRIA remains somewhat controversial among Senate Democrats and Republican Sen. Tom Coburn , so its future is unclear . And though Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has indicated he 'd like to extend those breaks , he has n't yet given a timeline for action . Did n't Democrats already approve most of those nominees this weekend ? They did clear procedural hurdles on most of those nominees during their rare Saturday session -- an unintended consequence of Texas Sen. Ted Cruz 's insistence that the Senate stick around and vote on the constitutionality of Obama 's executive action on deportations . The conservative troublemaker was hoping to emphasize GOP frustration with Obama , but instead drew the ire of his colleagues by making them stick around on a Saturday , and by opening the door for Democrats to get a lot of the work of confirming those nominees out of the way . RELATED : Senate sends spending bill to Obama , avoiding government shutdown Will they get all two dozen nominees confirmed ? Many face minimal opposition , but there is a chance that the mere volume of work could leave some of the candidates unconfirmed , if fatigued lawmakers choose to get out of town and home to their families rather than tackle the less important nominees . But Tony Blinken , Obama 's nominee for deputy secretary of State , has drawn GOP opposition for comments he made lauding Iraq 's stability . Republicans might also make some noise over Sara Saldana , who was nominated to head Customs and Immigration Enforcement , as a way to show their distaste for Obama 's executive action on deportations . But those other two items seem pretty straight forward -- why are they still up in the air ? The controversies surrounding TRIA and the tax extenders bill are in the details . A number of Senate Democrats oppose TRIA because it includes a provision that rolls back a part of the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill , much the same reason Democrats in both the House and the Senate opposed the government funding bill this weekend . And Coburn , a Republican from Oklahoma known for his outspoken commitment to fiscal responsibility , objects to a provision that creates a new federal bureau dealing with insurance companies without allowing states to opt out of it . Coburn is so staunchly opposed , he 's said he does n't mind if it expires and the new GOP-led Senate has to take it up in January . The tax extenders bill is simply an extension of more than 50 tax breaks that expired at the end of last year , and while some lawmakers say the short-term extension creates uncertainty for businesses down the line , it 's largely uncontroversial . That seems the more likely of the two to happen this week . But votes do n't typically take that long , and the Senate 's first votes on Monday are n't scheduled until 5:30 p.m. . How are they going to fill all that downtime ? By saying goodbye . With 11 senators retiring or leaving after losing this cycle , all are taking their final moments on the Senate floor to thank their colleagues and reminisce on their time in office . Most have said their farewells already , but there may be more tributes to come this week .	The Senate still has around two dozen nominees and two policy items to consider Still unfinished : A reauthorization of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act and the extension of a number of tax breaks Senators will say their final farewells to their departing colleagues
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- George Harrison 's closest friends and family gathered in Hollywood on Tuesday to dedicate the late Beatle 's star on the Walk of Fame . From left , musicians Tom Petty , Jeff Lynne and Paul McCartney join Harrison 's relatives for dedication of his star . "  There 's someone here from every important stage of George 's life and career , " Harrison 's widow , Olivia , said . Harrison , who was 58 when he died of cancer in 2001 , becomes the second Beatle with a Hollywood star . John Lennon was the first . The new star is next to the iconic Hollywood headquarters of Capitol Records , the distributor of much of Harrison 's music for the past five decades . Tuesday 's ceremony coincided with the Capitol/EMI announcement that it will release Harrison 's first solo greatest hits collection -- "  Let it Roll : Songs by George Harrison " -- on June 16 . Actor Tom Hanks said the world changed for him in January 1964 when he heard his first Beatles song . "  That 's when we escaped the doldrums and moved on to a brighter , better , more joyful future , " Hanks said . Superstar musicians Paul McCartney , Tom Petty , Joe Walsh and Jeff Lynne attended the star 's dedication , but they did not address the crowd . Scores of Harrison fans showed up for the event , with some traveling from as far as Liverpool , England . "  We all have deep feelings for George , because he was such a deep-feeling person , " Olivia Harrison said . "  He was a beautiful , mystical man , living in a material world , " she said . "  He was funny as the day is long and just as perplexing . " His son , Dhani , 30 , joked about his father 's star . "  It 's good , it 's lovely and it 's nice and shiny and I 'm glad it 's not outside of Frederick 's of Hollywood , " he said . Harrison was just 15 when schoolmate Paul McCartney asked him to join his and John Lennon 's band , the Quarrymen . The band evolved into the Beatles and the rest is history . Harrison played lead guitar and sang for the Beatles . Songs penned by Harrison included "  Taxman , " "  While My Guitar Gently Weeps , " "  Something " and "  Here Comes the Sun . " Harrison was a pioneer of what has since become a tradition of rock stars supporting charitable causes with their music . In 1971 , he helped organize the star-studded "  Concert for Bangladesh " at New York 's Madison Square Garden . In addition to his post-Beatles solo career , Harrison played with several groups -- most notably the Traveling Wilburys , alongside Petty , Lynne , Roy Orbison and Bob Dylan . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Harrison 's star next to Hollywood headquarters of Capitol Records Harrison , who died of cancer in 2001 , is second Beatle with star after John Lennon Some fans travel from as far as Liverpool , England for dedication of Harrison 's star Harrison penned many Beatles songs before launching successful solo career
London  CNN  -- Celebrity publicist Max Clifford was found guilty at a London court Monday of a series of indecent assaults on teenage girls , according to British police . Clifford , from Hersham , Surrey , is the first person to be convicted in an investigation into sex abuse allegations against the late British TV presenter Jimmy Savile . He was convicted of eight indecent assaults against young victims -- one as young as 15 -- cleared of two , and a jury could not reach a verdict on one other . The 71-year-old denied all 11 claims of sex abuse between 1966 and 1985 , calling his arrest and prosecution "  a nightmare " and declaring his innocence . But prosecutors portrayed him as an expert manipulator , according to media reports , vowing to help victims ' careers and introduce them to celebrities for sexual favors . He was released on bail until his sentencing Friday , but Judge Anthony Leonard warned him all options were open to him , the Press Association reported . "  You must realize that the fact I have given you bail is no indication of what the final sentence will be , " he said . Jenny Hopkins , deputy chief crown prosecutor in London , said : "  Today 's verdicts provide a long-denied justice to the victims of serious sexual offences . "  I would like to thank these victims for having had the courage to come forward and give evidence . The victims of sexual abuse , whenever it may have taken place , should know that police and prosecutors will listen . " Clifford was arrested in December 2012 and charged in April 2013 on suspicion of sex offenses in connection with the investigation -- dubbed Operation Yewtree -- into numerous allegations made against Savile and others after a TV documentary that aired in October 2012 . In the documentary , several people came forward alleging Savile abused them , unleashing a further flood of allegations against the star , who before that was seen primarily as an eccentric but charismatic man who raised millions of pounds for charity . Clifford is Britain 's most famous celebrity PR consultant , renowned for his decades-long expertise in "  kiss-and-tell " clients connected to English Premier League footballers and the world of pop and showbiz . He has also represented several controversial celebrities , including O.J. Simpson , Frank Sinatra and Simon Cowell .	Celebrity publicist Max Clifford found guilty of indecent assaults on teenage girls Clifford convicted in investigation into allegations against TV presenter Jimmy Savile He was convicted of 8 assaults , cleared of two , and a jury failed to reach verdict on another Clifford denies claims , calling arrest and prosecution "  a nightmare "
CNN  -- Coaching the Mexican national team is proving to be a difficult assignment . When Mexico parted company with Victor Manuel Vucetich and replaced him with Miguel Herrera on Friday , it marked the third time in a month El Tri changed their football manager . Vucetich did n't have much time to mold the side , as he was only brought in when interim boss Luis Fernando Tena got the boot . Tena himself inherited the position after Jose Manuel de la Torre received his marching orders earlier in September . Vucetich won his first game 2-1 against Panama , needing a late goal to earn all three points , but lost his second 2-1 at Costa Rica . Mexico , a proud footballing nation that has appeared in the last five World Cups , won men 's Olympic gold in 2012 by topping Neymar 's Brazil and captured the under-17 World Cup in 2011 , only scraped into a World Cup playoff when fiercest rival the U.S. scored two goals in injury time to beat the Panamanians 3-2 on the road . Had Panama hung on for the victory , it , not Mexico , would have faced New Zealand next month in the two-leg shootout to reach Brazil . Vucetich , who has 25 years of coaching experience , likely did n't help his cause ahead of the game against Costa Rica when he labeled his team "  arrogant . " "  In our game , sometimes we exaggerate , we become arrogant , " he told reporters . "  I think this is the moment that we should reflect and show , above all , on the pitch that we need to win . " Vucetich revealed Thursday that he had been axed , with Mexico 's football federation officially announcing the coaching shuffle Friday . Mexico 's struggles in qualifying came as the U.S. topped the group , Costa Rica finished second and Honduras claimed the third and final automatic World Cup spot . While Mexico reached the second round in South Africa three years ago , Honduras was last in its group and Costa Rica did n't qualify for the tournament . On paper Herrera , a former defender for the national team , should lead Mexico to Brazil since New Zealand is ranked 79th by FIFA and Mexico stands 24th but the recent disarray wo n't hurt the Kiwis ' chances of playing at a second straight World Cup . Herrera guided Club America to the Mexican Clausura title in May . Vucetich not the only manager to go Vucetich has n't been the only manager to lose his job despite his team making the playoffs -- Croatia fired former national team defender Igor Stimac after a 2-1 loss at Scotland . He was replaced by Niko Kovac , the former hard-nosed captain of Croatia . Australia sacked Holger Osieck following back-to-back 6-0 defeats against Brazil and France despite the Socceroos being one of the first nations to book a spot in Brazil .	Mexico fires manager Victor Manuel Vucetich after only two games in charge Vucetich won one of his games and led Mexico to a playoff against New Zealand Mexico has played in the last five World Cups and won men 's gold at London 2012 Mexico squeaked into the playoffs after rival the U.S. rallied to beat Panama
CNN  -- South Korea 's Asiana Airlines admitted Tuesday that pilot error was partly to blame for the crash of Asiana Flight 214 in San Francisco last July , in which three people were killed . Lee Hyomin , a spokeswoman for Asiana Airlines , said the pilot was not solely responsible for the crash but "  could have failed to respond quickly " to factors including problems with the aircraft 's auto throttle system . The auto throttle problem was compounded by inadequate warning systems to alert the flight crew when the plane 's airspeed fell too low , she said . The spokeswoman also cited the "  flight crew 's failure to execute a timely go-around when the conditions required it by the company 's procedures . " Another contributing factor was "  air traffic control instructions and procedures that led to an excessive pilot workload during a high-energy final approach , " she said . As well as the three who died , scores of passengers were injured when the Boeing 777 struck the seawall at San Francisco International Airport and tumbled down the runway . In January , Asiana filed a lawsuit against Boeing alleging that some equipment on the plane was improperly installed or defective , resulting in inadequate warnings for the pilots about low airspeed . U.S. investigators have also looked at what part an airport navigation system that was out of service while runway improvements were made may have played in the crash . Flight 214 's pilot , Capt. Lee Kang Kuk , told the National Transportation Safety Board last year that he found it "  very stressful , very difficult " to land without the glideslope indicator that helps pilots determine whether the plane is too high or too low during approach . In February , the U.S. Department of Transportation fined Asiana Airlines $ 500,000 for failing properly to assist families affected by the crash . Attorney : Asiana crash video shows firefighters did n't help girl soon enough Asiana Airlines fined $ 500,000 for failing to help families after July crash Asiana crash victims sue Boeing	Asiana Airlines says pilot error was partly to blame in last year 's crash The airline also cites auto throttle problems and inadequate warning systems Three people died after the plane hit the seawall at San Francisco International Airport The airline says the flight crew failed to execute a "  timely go-around " when needed
CNN  -- Israel launched airstrikes on weapons facilities in Gaza in response to what Israel claimed were two rockets fired against it from the Palestinian territory , the Israeli military said Thursday . The two Gaza rockets were fired several hours apart Thursday against the Hof Ashkelon Regional Council , where 13,500 residents live , the military said . Israeli aircraft scored direct hits on a "  terror infrastructure " in Gaza , a weapons manufacturing facility in central Gaza and a weapons storage facility in northern Gaza , the military said . The Israeli military blamed Hamas , which controls Gaza , for the rocket fire . Thursday 's exchange of fire marked another uneasy moment in cease-fire arrangements between Israel and Gaza that were brokered last year when the two sides engaged in eight days of round-the-clock warfare , killing more than 160 Palestinians and six Israelis . "  The manufacturing of rockets in Gaza has no other purpose except to target Israel and its sovereignty putting thousands of lives at risk , " Israel Defense Forces spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said in a statement . "  We will not tolerate daily aggression from the Hamas ruled territory and are morally obligated to act against those threatening our communities , our towns and our cities . "	Two rockets from Gaza are fired upon Israel , military says Israel launches airstrikes on Gaza , targeting two weapon facilities Israel blames Hamas , which controls Gaza , for the rocket fire
CNN  -- A Jewish human rights organization on Monday called for Thailand 's Christian leaders to condemn a parade at the Sacred Heart School in Chiang Mai , Thailand , in which participating students wearing Nazi uniforms performed "  Sieg Heil " salutes . The Simon Wiesenthal Center , a Jewish human rights organization based in Los Angeles , denounced the event , saying it was "  glorifying Nazis . " Photographs of the parade show participants carrying a Swastika flag , performing Nazi salutes and wearing SS uniforms , while others dressed as Adolf Hitler complete with toothbrush moustache . Rabbi Abraham Cooper , associate dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center , said the images made it clear that the event could not have taken place without the knowledge and cooperation of the school administration . "  It is difficult to calculate the hurt such a display inflicted on survivors of the Nazi Holocaust and the families of all victims of Nazism . There can be no justification for such an outrage to emanate from place of learning , " he said . The Simon Wiesenthal Center urged those responsible for the school to take immediate action against the individuals who promoted and facilitated the event . Cooper said that a similar parade took place in 2007 at a school in Bangkok in which 200 students participated , and that more recently , members of Thai rock band Slur donned Nazi uniforms in a music video . On Wednesday , the school 's website posted a letter by its director expressing an apology . "  We , the entire Sacred Heart School -LSB- personnel -RSB- are deeply saddened by this incident . " The letter explained that the sports day activity involved groups being differentiated by colors -- the "  Red " group having used Nazi symbols . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Jewish human rights organization condemns school 's Nazi-themed parade Images show participating students wearing Nazi uniforms , giving Nazi salute Simon Wiesenthal Center called for Thai Christian leaders to condemn the event On school 's website , its director expressed sincere and deep regret over the incident
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- Nearly four years after she was arrested on suspicion of having killed her roommate in this picturesque Italian university town , Amanda Knox pleaded with a jury Monday to overturn her conviction for murder . "  I am not what they say I am . I did not kill . I did not rape . I did not steal , " Amanda Knox said , her voice trembling with emotion . She was making perhaps the most important speech of her life , and it showed . She got out only a few words before her voice choked off , she stopped , and said under her breath : "  OK . " Then she launched into the crux of her plea : "  People always ask ` who is Amanda Knox ? ' I am the same person that I was four years ago , exactly the same person . The only thing that now separates me from four years ago is my suffering . "  In four years , I 've lost my friends in the most terrible and unexplainable way . My trust in the authorities and the police has been damaged . I had to face charges that were totally unfair , without any basis . And I am paying with my life for something I have n't done , " she said , speaking fluent , flawless Italian . Knox and co-defendant Raffaele Sollecito are fighting to be acquitted of the murder of British exchange student Meredith Kercher . Prosecutors have called for the pair 's sentences -- of 26 and 25 years , respectively -- to be increased to life . Kercher 's family , meanwhile , held out hope that the conviction would remain in place . "  It is n't just the DNA or on one specific thing , " Meredith 's mother , Arline Kercher , said when the family spoke to members of the media . "  It 's the overall evidence . " Meredith 's sister Stephanie said the family remains "  satisfied " with Knox 's conviction and believes it was right , short of someone else coming along and saying , "  I did it . " "  I think Meredith has been hugely forgotten in all of this , " Stephanie Kercher said , adding that the family wants "  truth " and "  justice " for Meredith . The Kercher family spoke calmly as they -- and millions around the world , gripped by this case -- awaited word from the jury . Earlier , before Knox spoke in court , Sollecito made a dramatic appeal to the court to free the two of them . He removed a white plastic bracelet from his wrist and fingered it nervously as his closing statement came to an end . "  It says ` Free Amanda and Raffaele , ' " he said . "  I have never taken it off . ... I think now is the moment to take it off . " His voice fading almost to inaudibility , he concluded , "  I hope this is part of history and that Amanda and I have a future . " "  I have never hurt anybody , " he said . Knox did not look at Sollecito as he addressed the court , though he detailed for the judges and jurors the night of Kercher 's murder . The couple have maintained they were together at Sollecito 's residence the night Kercher was killed . He described the night as a happy , almost idyllic one for him : "  I was about to hand in my thesis . I had just met Amanda , a beautiful , sunny girl . " The case is now in the hands of two judges and six jurors , who retired together within minutes of Knox 's statement to consider their ruling . As they deliberated Monday morning , Rocco Girlanda , a member of the Italian Parliament , said Knox was calm . "  She is playing and singing songs in the chapel . ... She is calm , very , very calm . She says , ` Unfortunately I have some terrible hours ahead of me , because I have to wait , ' " said Girlanda , who has become an advocate for Knox . But the lawmaker said Knox was hopeful . "  She is absolutely convinced she will fly home to the U.S. tonight , " he said . Knox and Sollecito were convicted of murder , sexual assault and related crimes in December 2009 . Their appeal has focused largely on DNA evidence found on a knife and on a bra clasp belonging to the victim . Knox 's words capped a dramatic week of closing arguments by the host of lawyers battling over the outcome , from the lawyer for a man falsely accused of the crime , who called Knox "  Lucifer-like , demonic , Satanic , " to the Sollecito defense counsel Giulia Bongiorno , who insisted that like the buxom cartoon temptress Jessica Rabbit in the movie "  Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? " Knox is not bad , just "  drawn that way . " Knox told the court she always wanted justice for Kercher , her roommate at the university . "  I am innocent . Raffaele is innocent , " she said . At the conclusion of her statement , Knox put her hands on her face and wept , burying her face in the shoulder of defense lawyer Carlo dalla Vedova , who put a comforting arm around her and offered her a handkerchief . Knox was 20 and Kercher was 21 years old , studying at Perugia 's university for foreign students , when Kercher 's semi-naked body was found in the house they shared . Her throat had been slashed . Sollecito , 23 at the time , was Knox 's boyfriend , studying computer science at another university in Perugia . Prosecutors and police say Kercher 's genetic material was on the knife blade and Knox 's was on the handle , and that a Kercher bra clasp found at the crime scene had Sollecito 's DNA . Defense lawyers and independent experts argued strenuously during the appeal that the DNA testing process was badly flawed and the results should be inadmissible . As Knox defense lawyer Luciano Ghirga made his final statements to the court before Knox and Sollecito spoke Monday , he reminded the jury that the standard is "  beyond a reasonable doubt . " "  We ask you to give complete freedom to Amanda Knox , " he said . Knox has addressed this jury at least twice before , telling them in June she was "  shocked " by the testimony of the third person convicted of the crime , Rudy Guede , a drifter originally from the Ivory Coast . Guede admitted having sexual relations with Kercher but denied killing her . Guede was sentenced separately to 30 years behind bars for the murder , a sentence that was reduced to 16 on appeal . In June , he refused to tell the court hearing Knox and Sollecito 's appeal that they had not been involved . A prosecutor then read a letter Guede had written to a newspaper from prison , saying he thought they had killed Kercher . "  The only time Rudy Guede , Raffaele Sollecito and I were in one room together was in a courtroom , " Knox told the court in June . Her defense dismissed Guede 's letter as based on "  a feeling , " not facts or events he witnessed . Before the hearing began Monday , Knox 's stepfather told CNN he was optimistic about the outcome of the appeal . He made his way into the court through a throng of reporters , ignoring shouted questions from journalists . Either side can appeal this court 's ruling to Italy 's High Court , but such an appeal would be on narrow technical grounds only . CNN 's Hada Messia , Matthew Chance , Paula Newton and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	It is n't just the DNA , " Kercher 's mother says The Kercher family remains "  satisfied " by the conviction , Kercher 's sister says Amanda Knox tells the court : "  I have n't murdered . I have n't raped . I have n't stolen . " She is fighting to be acquitted ; prosecutors want her sentence increased
CNN  -- It is an attacking arsenal to make any soccer side in the world quiver . And European champions Real Madrid wasted little time in underlining its emboldened firepower en route to a 2-0 victory over Sevilla in the UEFA Super Cup final . In truth , little else was expected of a team that took the field in the Welsh capital Cardiff to reports that at a reputed cost of $ 612 million , it was the most expensive ever assembled in the sport . The focus was largely on its new recruits , Colombia 's World Cup poster boy James Rodriguez , and Toni Kroos , who lifted the trophy in Brazil with Germany . But it was the world footballer of the year Cristiano Ronaldo that shone yet again , even taking the gloss off Gareth Bale , the world 's most expensive player who was back in his hometown . Two fine goals from the Portuguese star helped the European Champions League holders ease past its Europa League counterparts in front of a capacity crowd . The first was provided by Bale , a hometown hero who said prior to the clash that Real were gunning to win all six titles on offer to them this season . The second was the result of another fine move , as Ronaldo was released by France striker Karim Benzema , before slamming the ball into the top corner . Real 's dominant performance sent out an ominous warning to its domestic and European rivals with the new season poised to burst into life . "  Obviously it 'll take a little bit of time for everyone to settle in but I think we played very well tonight , " Bale told ITV . "  We gelled as a team and we 've got a lot of time to improve . "  The most important thing for us tonight was to get the job done , get the trophy and go down in history . "  Everybody comes to Real Madrid to win trophies , we want to play with the best players in the world . We 're going out to win every trophy this season . " Successful soccer sides seldom stand still and no-one can accuse Carlo Ancelotti 's men of doing that this summer . The Spanish giants , who ended a long wait for their tenth European Champions League crown last season with victory over city rivals Atletico , have bolstered their ` galatico ' ranks in typical fashion . A huge amount of buzz has centered on Rodriguez , the 23-year-old who proved a revelation at the World Cup . His six goals helped Colombia to the quarterfinals for the first time in its history , and secured him the golden boot -- awarded to the tournament 's top scorer . Rodriguez looked a little ring rusty on his first competitive outing for his new club , a heavy first touch often belying the skill he showed in Brazil , when the ball seemed to be attached to his foot . The star , known the world over by his first name -- pronounced Ha-mes -- did show some silky touches and forced Sevilla goalkeeper Beto into one fine save with a powerful volley . Real 's other new recruit looked sharper and more comfortable in his surroundings . Unsurprising , given that Kroos ' last outing saw him help Germany to lift the World Cup crown . Signed from Bayern Munich , the 24-year-old controlled the midfield and showed he can by the lynchpin behind a wealth of attacking talent . Real eased into a confident stride early in the match despite most of its stars having only recently returned to training due to their World Cup exertions . Bale , roared on by the Welsh fans inside the stadium , drew a save from Beto after prodding a Rodriguez cross towards goal before Iker Casillas was forced to save a shot from Sevilla midfielder Vitolo . Ronaldo 's first effort of menace on the night was smartly saved by Beto , the goalkeeper standing tall to repel his shot after neat work from Benzema . But five minutes later Ronaldo , who scored a record 17 European Champions League goals last season , did find the net as he slid in to fire home from Bale 's pinpoint cross . The Portuguese repeated the feat in the fledgling stages of the second half as Benzema released him inside the area , Ronaldo 's shot flashing into the corner . Chances came and went as Sevilla tried to fashion a way back into the game , Rodriguez going close before Ronaldo was denied a hat-trick thanks to a vital tackle from Grzegorz Krychowiak . Krychowiak and Diogo Figueiras went close in the dying stages for Sevilla before a fine save from Beto denied Bale the goal he and the large portion of Welsh fans so desperately craved . Real then took that familiar climb up the stairs to accept its first silverware of the season . One down , five to go .	Two goals from Cristiano Ronaldo help Real Madrid claim the UEFA Super Cup title Real beat fellow Spanish side Sevilla 2-0 in the Welsh capital Cardiff New signings James Rodriguez and Toni Kroos on show for European champions Hometown favorite Gareth Bale turns in fine display on return to Cardiff
Fort Lauderdale , Florida  CNN  -- A 15-year-old boy who was burned over 65 percent of his body in October when he was set on fire , allegedly by a group of teenagers , was released from the hospital Tuesday , officials said . Michael Brewer was discharged from the University of Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center , spokeswoman Lorraine Nelson said in a written statement . Doctors and Brewer 's mother , Valerie , will speak to reporters Wednesday , Nelson said . Brewer 's family is headed not to their Deerfield Beach , Florida , home , but to an undisclosed location , a source close to the family said . Nelson said the family had requested privacy before the teen 's discharge . Brewer suffered second - and third-degree burns over about two-thirds of his body in the October 12 incident , the hospital 's associate director , Dr. Carl Schulman , has said . He told CNN 's Tony Harris last month that the teen faces a lifelong recovery from his injuries . "  Michael 's still got a lot of major surgery ahead of him , a lot of rehabilitation and therapy , " Schulman said . " ... the recovery is lifelong . This is truly a life-changing event . " The hospital released some photographs of Brewer taken Tuesday morning in the hospital 's rehabilitation unit . In the pictures his burns are clearly visible . Three teens -- Denver Jarvis and Matthew Bent , both 15 , and Jesus Mendez , 16 -- are accused of being in a group that poured alcohol over Brewer and set him ablaze in what police said was a dispute over $ 40 , a video game and a bicycle . All three teens are charged as adults with one count of attempted murder . Each has pleaded not guilty . If convicted , each could face a sentence of up to 30 years in prison . Detectives say eyewitnesses told them that Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Jarvis poured alcohol over him . Bent allegedly encouraged the attack , police said . Brewer jumped into a pool at his apartment complex to put out the flames . Authorities have said Mendez admitted setting Brewer on fire . According to an arrest transcript , the boy said he made a "  bad decision . " Valerie Brewer said last month that her son 's treatment at times has been excruciatingly painful . Physical therapy , she said , is "  incredibly painful . He almost cries because it 's so painful . He 's burned badly on the backs of his knees and every time he moves his knee , it pulls , and if it 's healing , it pulls the scab and it cracks and it starts to bleed . " The 13-year-old brother of one of the accused youths made a public statement in November . Jeremy Jarvis said he wanted to "  express his deepest sympathy to Mikey and his family " and added he was praying for Brewer 's recovery . Jeremy Jarvis was arrested as a juvenile after the incident and spent about 30 days in juvenile detention . However , prosecutors have not filed charges against him and are still determining how to proceed . He could still be charged , as prosecutors have 90 days from his arrest to decide whether to move forward with the case . Jeremy Jarvis ' attorney , Stephen Melnick , said it appeared the younger Jarvis was only a witness to the attack . Valerie Brewer said she was heartbroken when she learned her son 's attackers may have included teens who they knew . "  But we do n't focus on that , " she said last month . "  We focus strictly on Michael and his recovery . " CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Michael Brewer , 15 , allegedly set on fire by other teens , faces more surgery He and his family are not returning home , but to an undisclosed location Brewers mother plans to speak to reporters on Wednesday
Real Simple  -- Radio City Music Hall 's Rockettes tell how to find the very best hosiery , from opaques to wintry woolens : a true stocking feat Best Regular Black Tights Wolford , $ 42 -- A bit costlier than others , it 's true , but the luxurious material is featherlight while still providing dense coverage . What 's more , said one dancer , "  I tugged and tugged , and no runs . " Style : Satin Opaque 50 . To Buy : Wolford , 800-965-3673 for locations . Best Regular Color Tights Berkshire Legwear , $ 9 -- Offered in a range of rich , vibrant shades that are surprisingly wearable and flattering , these tights are a fuss-free way to punch up a neutral dress . One tester said they gave her legs that "  smooth , after-you-shave feeling . " Real Simple : DYI wardrobe fixes Style : 3670 Lola in Opaque . To Buy : www.essentialapparel.com . Best Regular Patterned Tights DKNY , $ 18 -- A pattern on legs can be tricky to pull off , but these argyles manage to look both sophisticated and fun . Plus , "  they really held up to my abuse , " noted a Rockette . Style : 0A830 Argyle Panel . To Buy : Nordstrom , 888-282-6060 . Best Control Top Black Tights Berkshire Legwear , $ 8 -- The subtle , dressy shimmer makes legs look shapely and long , while a dose of spandex works to "  keep the jiggle away , " said a tester . Real Simple : Best boots Style : 4643 Shimmers Opaque . To Buy : www.essentialapparel.com . Best Control Top Color Tights Hue , $ 11 -- This slimming pair offers a comfortable fit -- no binding waistband here -- in a rainbow palette . "  The color stayed opaque even when stretched out , " noted a dancer . Style : 6620 Opaque Control Top . To Buy : www.hue.com . Best Control Top Patterned Tights Spanx , $ 28 -- The secret weapon behind dozens of slinky Oscar dresses trims the midsection , the thighs , and the rear , causing one Rockette to declare , "  I feel a size smaller . " A unique diamond print showcases legs . Style : Tight-End Diamond Pattern . To Buy : www.bloomingdales.com . Best Sweater Black Tights Donna Karan , $ 30 -- A dancer singled out the "  nice elasticity " of these unexpectedly thin but warm wool tights , which resisted bagging and buckling . Style : 0A851 Tarnished Wool . To Buy : Nordstrom , 888-282-6060 . Best Sweater Color Tights Hue , $ 18 -- Made of a soft cotton blend , this hose is n't "  scratchy at all , " unlike many other knits . An earthy brown heather makes them a natural match for nubby tweeds and wools . Real Simple : Bras for every figure Style : 3063 Marled Sweater . To Buy : Nordstrom , 888-282-6060 . Best Sweater Patterned Tights Via Spiga , $ 24 -- The cozy cable-knit texture has an old-fashioned feel , while the cotton-blend tights ' gray shade will complement a variety of outfits . "  I ca n't wait to wear these in chilly weather , " a tester said . Style : Cable Sweater Knit . To Buy : Bloomingdale 's , 866-593-2540 for locations . Best Black Leggings Capezio , $ 24 -- Not surprisingly , the Rockettes are fans of this dance-world staple . The leggings feel like "  a second skin , " one tester said , and they kept their shape impeccably , even after a rigorous dance routine . Style : 9479 Lowrise Ankle Legging . To Buy : www.capeziodance.com . Best Color Leggings American Apparel , $ 26 -- These "  comfy , easy-to-wear " leggings come in 27 neutral , bright , and jewel tones -- including forest , asphalt , eggplant , and raspberry -- plus three cute polka-dot prints . Style : 8328 Cotton Spandex Jersey Legging . To Buy : www.americanapparel.net . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Radio City Music Hall 's Rockettes test several types of tights Wolford black tights : "  I tugged and tugged , and no runs " Spanx control top : " "  I feel a size smaller " Berkshire Legwear regular color : "  Smooth , after-you-shave feeling "
CNN  -- Michael Stuhlbarg did n't know which way his life would turn . The Coen brothers had auditioned him for one part in their new movie , but they decided to go a different direction . Then they had another part in mind , or perhaps a third . Stuhlbarg was left with uncertainty , adrift amid forces he could n't control . It 's sort of the predicament faced by his character in the Coens ' film "  A Serious Man , " which was released on video Tuesday . Physics professor Larry Gopnik is a Job-like man who is being victimized by an unseen hand , or perhaps sheer random bad luck . It 's 1967 . His wife wants a divorce so she can marry an acquaintance ; his son , preparing for his bar mitzvah ceremony , is escaping into marijuana and the Jefferson Airplane 's "  Surrealistic Pillow ; " his daughter is a shrill teenager . An unknown critic threatens his tenure , a grumbling student threatens his ethics and the Columbia Record Club is threatening his credit .  In the film 's one notable anachronism , the club demands payment for two albums that were n't released until 1970 . Talk about bureaucracy . The film , which begins with a quotation the Coens attribute to the Jewish sage Rashi -- "  Receive with simplicity everything that happens to you " -- uses Gopnik 's rather mundane , if mixed-up , life to take on some challenging themes , including the presence of God , the fickleness of fate and the need for humility . These are intertwined with science , math and comedy .  It was made by the Coens , after all . The film and Stuhlbarg have been widely praised . Stuhlbarg was nominated for a Golden Globe as best comedic actor , and "  A Serious Man " -- which was named to dozens of year-end top 10 lists -- is up for two Oscars , including best picture . CNN spoke with Stuhlbarg , who 's been primarily known as a stage and television actor , in a phone interview . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Congratulations on the best picture nomination . How did you get the role ? Michael Stuhlbarg : Originally Joel and Ethan Coen brought me in to audition for the part of Velvel , the husband in the Yiddish parable in the beginning of the story . I had to go to a Yiddish tutor -LSB- to -RSB- learn the scene in Yiddish , which was fun . I had very little experience with that . I did the scene ... and then they were n't sure at that point whether or not they wanted to hire someone who could speak Yiddish fluently or an actor to just do it phonetically . They ended up going with folks who could speak it fluently . And then maybe about five months passed by , and they called me back to audition for the parts of Larry and for Uncle Arthur . And so I learned a couple scenes of each of those characters , and I read for -LSB- the Coens -RSB- and they laughed and that was really wonderful . And then I kept inquiring periodically afterward as to whether I was still in the running , and I kept hearing yes , I was still in the running , still in the running . And eventually I got a call saying I was going to get one of those parts , but they just did n't know which one yet . So I started working on both of them , and about six or seven weeks before the principal photography began , I got a call from Joel saying , "  We 'll put you out of your misery ; you 're playing Larry . " CNN : This is the blackest of black comedies . Did you find the script thrilling or depressing when you first read it ? Stuhlbarg : I laughed a lot , actually . Frankly , I thought it was high comedy . I found myself giggling throughout the entire thing . Maybe it 's how specific -LSB- the Coens -RSB- are in the rhythms in which they write , or the background I was familiar with -- in being raised in the Jewish religion -- but it tickled me . CNN : Were you concerned when you saw the script , that this might be a little too Jewish , a little too esoteric ? Or when you get a script from the Coen brothers , do you say I 'm in , regardless ? Stuhlbarg : Absolutely -- I 'm in , regardless ! If they want to use me , I 'll do anything they want . I thought it was a hysterical screenplay , so beautifully constructed and written . And I thought it was also a universal story as well . We 're all familiar with those times when things go wrong in our lives , and we do the best we can to try to sort them out . CNN : How does working with the Coens compare to your other film experiences ? Stuhlbarg : Well , Joel and Ethan have been working with a lot of the same folks almost as far back as -LSB- 1984 's -RSB- "  Blood Simple . " So it 's like joining a little repertory company of people who have been together for years . They have their own vocabulary , and the set is a well-oiled machine . So showing up there , there 's very little that you have to concern yourself with other than doing your job . CNN : Have you been approached by rabbis , by clerics , by physics professors about the film ? Stuhlbarg : Not so much . I actually sought out the help of a physics professor while I was doing my research before we started shooting . That was a big concern of mine . I wanted to feel secure enough to get up in front of a group of people and be able to clarify any questions that might come up discussing Schrodinger 's paradox or the uncertainty principle . But I have n't spoken to many clergy . I 've read some things that people have written on the film , but I 've been somewhat removed from the reactions . CNN : What 's up next for you ? Stuhlbarg : At the moment , I 'm filming a new HBO series , "  Boardwalk Empire . "  Stuhlbarg plays organized crime boss Arnold Rothstein .  It 's going very well . It 's a tremendous cast of actors and a wonderful group of writers , and a tremendous pedigree with Mr. -LSB- Martin -RSB- Scorsese executive producing , and he directed the pilot . CNN : Did "  A Serious Man " have any effect on you in terms of reconnecting you to Judaism or thinking about the big questions in life ? Stuhlbarg : Hmm .  long pause  I was pretty much able to leave the character at the door when I came home . ... But I found that the little quote at the beginning of the movie -- "  Receive with simplicity everything that happens to you " -- I 've taken that away with me as a kind of beautiful watchword of how I live my own life , to try to receive the difficulties of whatever it is that comes into your life with simplicity . And that 's a blessing .	Michael Stuhlbarg got lead role in Coens ' "  A Serious Man " after some delay Character is Job-like physics professor whose life suddenly goes wrong Stuhlbarg found the Oscar-nominated black comedy hilarious Next up for actor : Playing Arnold Rothstein in "  Boardwalk Empire "
CNN  An explosion at a mall in a suburb of the Australian city of Perth has killed two people and injured three others , authorities said Tuesday . The blast Tuesday morning at the Galleria mall in Morley sparked a fire that emergency crews put out . The cause of the explosion is under investigation , said Western Australia Police spokesman Adam Brauwer , declining to provide details . The Australia Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  reported that a power transformer was believed to have exploded . The broadcaster cited witnesses who saw men in flames running out of the building . "  I thought a car had exploded , petrol ... but it was a lot worse than that , it was the worst sight I had seen in my entire life , " Harry Barugh told the ABC . Another witness , Jonathon McDonagh , said he initially thought the chaotic scene was a joke as he drove into the mall 's parking lot . "  But then I saw the doorway they came running from and I knew straight away -- power station -- something had to have happened , " he told the broadcaster . All the victims were men , police said .	Police are investigating a deadly blast at a mall in a Perth suburb Australian broadcaster reports a power transformer is believed to have exploded
InStyle.com  -- A hit TV show . An Emmy . A summer blockbuster . A new company . A wedding ! Katherine Heigl has every reason to smile for our camera . A star -- and a trio of gorgeous looks -- is born . The Ingénue : "  This is my favorite look of the three just because it 's sexy but not overtly so , " Heigl says . "  I like simple hair and makeup . " There has been a self-tanning mishap As Katherine Heigl crosses the parking lot of the sandwich shop at the Roosevelt Golf Course at Griffith Park in Los Angeles , she walks stiffly , holding her arms away from her like a paper doll and apologizing profusely for running 10 minutes late . Earlier , she 'd sprayed her entire body with self-tanner , which refused to dry . She resorted to having her fiancé , musician Josh Kelley , take a blow-dryer to her  did n't work  . So here she is , in a strapless , ankle-length Juicy Couture sundress  donned to accommodate the residual stickiness  , fanning herself and wondering how mottled the tan will be when  or if  the lotion ever sets . Not that one bum experience could turn her off beauty products . "  I love everything new , " says Heigl , 28 , who , in addition to being nominated for an Emmy for best supporting actress on "  Grey 's Anatomy , " just started a production company at Fox . "  When I was in Rhode Island filming this summer , I went to Sephora for the first time . It was like my holy mecca . " She recently had her bathroom vanity renovated with a high counter to make more room for the large drawers below that hold her well-organized loot . Then there 's her deal with Coty to be the face of Nautica 's new women 's fragrance in January . Considering this fondness for all things beauty -- as well as Heigl 's impressive acting range -- she plays TV dramedy as deftly as cinematic romantic comedy , as in the mega-hit "  Knocked Up " and next year 's 27 Dresses -- it seems natural for her to be In Style 's first ever triple-cover girl . These three looks take her from girl-next-door to red-carpet knockout to pixie-coiffed vamp . The star , whom pals call Katie  and Hollywood calls the Next Big Thing  , popped out her retainer to talk about makeup , breakouts and what boys like . KATHERINE HEIGL : I 'm so sorry , I have to take out my Invisalign before I eat . IN STYLE : Who knew you wore them ? I guess that 's the point of Invisalign . KH : I got them because of this wonky tooth . I was like , OK , I ca n't take it . It 's awesome because every two weeks you switch to a new retainer . Pretty much the perfect way to describe Invisalign is Netflix for your teeth . IS : Right -- the things we do for beauty . So , how did you like being transformed into three such different looks ? KH : It was fun . I was working with such great hair and makeup people . And to have these professionals turning you into someone else is pretty neat . IS : Do you ever go without makeup ? KH : There was a time when I would . Now that I get followed by photographers , I 'm really paranoid about it . I do not want to be the "  Look What This Celebrity Looks Like Without Makeup " picture . I 'm clearly vain , and I do n't need that . Plus , I like products . IS : How often do you go through your drawers and purge ? KH : Often , because people send me a lot of stuff now , which is exciting . I love getting those boxes . -LSB- Into the tape recorder :] Send me a box of makeup , Stila ! When that happens , I feel like I have to clean out and give stuff to my sister , mom and friends because there comes a point of gluttony that I ca n't accept . IS : How do you think you express your personality through style ? KH : I 'm a big hair-up person . Last night at work they put my hair in two French braids to keep it flat under the scrub cap . I thought it looked cute and that I could pull it off after I 'd slept on it . And ... no . So I thought I could recreate it myself ... no again . As far as clothing style goes , I fluctuate almost as much as I do with beauty products . I like to shop for sweaters -- maybe it 's the New Englander in me . I 'm building a house in the mountains in Utah , so I tell myself I 'm "  preparing " for that . I like sweaters -- they 're like scrubs -- you do n't have to suck it in or worry about the bloat . IS : Do you know how you want your hair and makeup at your wedding ? KH : I have an idea , but it 's so dependent on the dress , and I have n't gotten there yet . My sister is getting married too , so we looked for dresses together . After about five stores I was like , "  I 'm done . " Everyone says , "  You just know when you put that dress on . " My sister found the right dress just like that . So I know it can happen . But it 's grueling . IS : Wait , so your mom has two daughters getting married within months ? KH : My poor mother is probably like , "  Why , God ? Why ? " But I hired a planner . I want the day to be spectacular , but mostly I want it to be fun . And I do n't want to freak out or stress . IS : Does your fiancé have any particular opinions about your look ? KH : Josh would n't mind if my hair was brown , if it was still long -- that 's such a boy thing . IS : Would you ever wear a wig out ? KH : I 'd contemplate it , but I do n't know if I actually have the courage to pull it off . I once wore a long hair-extension ponytail , and someone asked me if it was real , like I was one of those dolls when we were little , and the hair just cranks out . IS : How would you describe your skin ? KH : My skin is sensitive , so everything bothers it . And I 'm the jerk who keeps switching products and making it worse . IS : How do you treat a breakout ? KH : I got a great product at Ona Spa called Sebuspot . I 've tried so many that were disappointments , but maybe I stand too close to the mirror examining my pores . If I backed up , things might look fine . IS : What do you always carry in your bag ? KH : Powder , because I get shiny . And lip balm , either the Smith 's Rosebud Salve or C.O. Bigelow 's Mentha Lip Shine in Black Cherry Soda from Bath & Body Works . It 's shiny with a little shimmer and tastes so good . IS : An In Style.com reader wants to know how you maintain a healthy body image in Hollywood . KH : I train with Harley Pasternak . I love him with my whole soul and follow his 5-Factor diet . I first said , "  I 'm never going to be -- nor do I want to be -- an uber-athletic girl . " It 's just not me and I do n't have that kind of discipline . He said , "  I just want you to be healthy . " A lot of what we focus on is posture . I slump into myself when I get stressed . If I were going to play an action hero , I 'd have to get that look . But I 'd never maintain it . For me it 's never about achieving a look that 's impossible . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2007 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Grey 's Anatomy " actress Katherine Heigl has own production company Star of hit movie Knocked Up " is getting married Does n't go without makeup for fear of ugly photographs Says shopping for wedding dress is "  grueling "
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama on Sunday accused Sen. Hillary Clinton of echoing the "  bluster " of President Bush when she said the U.S. would be able to "  obliterate " Iran if it used nuclear weapons against Israel . Sen. Barack Obama talks with voters in Elkhart , Indiana , on Sunday , days before the state 's primary . "  It 's not the language we need right now , and I think it 's language reflective of George Bush , " Obama told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " Clinton made the statement about Iran on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " on Tuesday . "  I want the Iranians to know that if I 'm the president , we will attack Iran -LSB- if it attacked Israel -RSB- , " Clinton said . "  In the next 10 years , during which they might foolishly consider launching an attack on Israel , we would be able to totally obliterate them . " Not long after Obama weighed in Sunday on Clinton 's remark , she was asked if she stood by her statement on ABC 's "  This Week . " She stuck with her message , saying warnings of "  massive retaliation " are needed to keep the Islamic republic in check . Obama and Clinton 's sparring comes two days before critical Democratic primaries in Indiana and North Carolina . Obama , addressing Clinton 's statement about Iran , said , "  We have had a foreign policy of bluster and saber-rattling and tough talk , and in the meantime have made a series of strategic decisions that have actually strengthened Iran . " Israel is "  the most important ally " the United States has in the Middle East , and that Washington would respond "  forcefully and appropriately " to any attack , Obama said Sunday . "  But it is important that we use language that sends a signal to the world community that we 're shifting from the sort of cowboy diplomacy , or lack of diplomacy , that we 've seen out of George Bush , " he said . "  And this kind of language is not helpful . " "  When Iran is able to go to the United Nations complaining about the statements made and get some sympathy , that 's a sign that we are taking the wrong approach , " Obama said . The Bush administration has accused Iran of working to obtain nuclear weapons , an allegation officials in Tehran deny . But Iran has ignored U.N. resolutions demanding it halt its uranium enrichment program , insisting its production of nuclear fuel is strictly for peaceful purposes . Speaking on ABC , Clinton said U.S. leaders "  have to be very clear about what we would do " in case of an Iranian attack on Israel . "  I do n't think it 's time to equivocate about what we would do , " she said . "  They have to know that they would face massive retaliation . That is the only way to rein them in . " Israel is widely believed to have its own nuclear arsenal , though it has never joined the ranks of the world 's declared nuclear powers . Clinton said she did not believe Iran would attack Israel . "  But I sure want to make it abundantly clear to them that they would face a tremendous cost if they did such a thing , " she stressed . Obama and Clinton have frequently disagreed over Iran . Obama has said that in his first year as president , he would be willing to meet with the nation 's firebrand president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who calls for the end of Israel as a Jewish state . Clinton has said she supports diplomatic engagement -- but not at the presidential level until the Iranian leadership takes certain steps . The two candidates also used Sunday 's nearly hourlong interviews -- which , in Clinton 's case , included questions from potential voters -- to address other issues dogging their campaigns . Recent comments made by Obama 's former pastor Jeremiah Wright , including alleging that AIDS was created by the federal government , made it clear to Obama that Wright "  did n't know me as well as I thought he did , and I certainly did n't know him as well as I thought I did , " the candidate said . Obama said the experience regarding Wright has been "  disappointing , but something that I had to clearly speak out about . " Obama added that he thinks Wright was after attention . "  It 's possible , as a consequence of -LSB- Wright -RSB- retiring , that having the spotlight was something attractive to him . " He also criticized Clinton 's support for a "  gas tax holiday , " calling it "  a classic Washington gimmick " that would do little or nothing to help drivers . Watch Obama and Clinton aggressively woo unions " Clinton said it would alleviate some of the pain at the pump in the short term . "  If we actually did it right , if we had a president who used all the tools of the presidency , we would design it in such a way that it would be implemented effectively , " she said Sunday . Clinton was being interviewed on ABC by journalist George Stephanopoulos , who was part of her husband 's 1992 presidential campaign . "  George and I actually were against NAFTA , " she said , adding , "  I 'm talking about him in his previous life , before he was an objective journalist and did n't have opinions about such matters . " He then suggested she is having it "  both ways " by claiming credit for NAFTA 's successes while not taking "  blame for the bad . " "  I have said very clearly that I am going to renegotiate NAFTA and I will fix NAFTA , " Clinton responded . When Republicans took control of Congress in 1995 , she said , "  they had a different set of priorities than the Clinton administration did . " Stephanopoulos also asked Clinton to respond to conservative radio star Rush Limbaugh 's calls for Republicans to vote for Clinton as a way of keeping Democrats divided . "  He 's always had a crush on me , " she joked , triggering laughter throughout the room . E-mail to a friend	Hillary Clinton earlier in week said the U.S. could "  obliterate " Iran for attacking Israel Obama shot back Sunday , saying her stance is like Bush 's "  cowboy diplomacy " Clinton stood behind her statement , saying Iran would face "  massive retaliation " The Democratic candidates are sparring hard days before two states primaries
CNN  -- The family of NBC cameraman Ashoka Mukpo , who contracted Ebola while working in Liberia , is cautiously optimistic after doctors said that his condition at a Nebraska hospital has improved slightly . With developments pouring in from all corners of the world , here 's what you need to know to quickly get caught up : WEST AFRICA No relief in sight : The number of deaths attributed to the current Ebola outbreak has climbed to 4,033 , the World Health Organization reported Friday . The tally brings the total number of confirmed , probable and suspected cases of Ebola to 8,399 . The numbers were reported from Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Spain and the United States . A possible $ 32 billion hit : The outbreak could cost the African economy $ 32 billion over the next two years if it spreads to its larger neighbors , the World Bank estimates . The steps some countries have taken to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus amount to "  putting a towel under the door of a building on fire , " World Bank president Jim Kim told CNN 's Richard Quest on Thursday . Complete coverage on Ebola Liberia postpones election : Liberia 's President on Thursday postponed a senatorial election that had been set for next week , citing the Ebola outbreak in the country . The nation 's election commission had recommended the delay , saying that the prevalence of the virus , authorities ' efforts to combat it and citizens ' efforts to isolate themselves were n't conducive to a free and open election . Officials have not yet revealed any new date for the election , which had been set for Tuesday . U.S. troops arrive in Liberia : A group of 90 U.S. Marines and airmen arrived in Liberia on Thursday to help Ebola response efforts , along with four V-22 Osprey aircraft and two C-130 transport planes . Their arrival brings the total number of U.S. troops deployed in Liberia to 334 , military spokesman Lt. Col. Dave Doherty said . And there are more coming . In late October , 700 troops from the 101st Airborne Division are scheduled to deploy to Liberia . U.S. CASES ` Modest improvement ' for NBC cameraman The condition of Ashoka Mukpo , the American citizen who got infected in Liberia , has shown "  very modest improvement , " according to The Nebraska Medical Center , where he is being treated . Mukpo , a cameraman for NBC , is receiving an experimental drug called brincidofovir , or CMX001 . "  Mr. Mukpo 's condition is slightly improved , " medical director Dr. Phil Smith said . "  He 's been taking in some fluids and drinking Gatorade . But everyone needs to be reminded that this is still a very serious illness we 're dealing with and no one has a lot of experience treating it . " Thomas Duncan dies : Thomas Eric Duncan , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , died Wednesday , 10 days after he was admitted to Dallas ' Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . His family wonders whether the outcome would have been different if doctors had admitted Duncan to a hospital on September 25 , the first time he showed up with a fever and stomach pain . Duncan 's family has criticized the care he received . The Dallas hospital that treated him says staff members did everything they could . Ebola test negative for Dallas deputy : An Ebola test was negative for a Dallas deputy who was hospitalized with possible symptoms of the deadly virus , officials said . The deputy , Sgt. Michael Monnig , did n't have any direct contact with Duncan but had reported contact with Duncan 's family . Physicians at Texas Health Presbyterian discharged him Thursday , soon after the negative test came back , hospital spokeswoman Candace White said . New travel screening : Five of America 's biggest , busiest airports are beefing up measures . Now , people arriving from the three nations hardest hit by Ebola will get special screening , including having their temperature taken . The airports are : New York 's JFK , Washington Dulles , Newark , Chicago O'Hare and Atlanta international airports . IN OTHER COUNTRIES Spain to create a committee to fight Ebola : The Spanish government will create a special committee to tackle the Ebola crisis , Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria told reporters Friday in Madrid . The committee , which will include representatives from government and health care , will coordinate national efforts to control the virus and establish protocols to deal with it , she said . Spain ramps up response : After a nurse 's assistant in Spain became the first person to contract Ebola outside Africa , five people related to the case were being monitored in a Madrid hospital , including her husband , an emergency room doctor and the neighborhood doctor who saw her before the case was confirmed . Sporadic infections unavoidable , the WHO says : Sporadic Ebola infections will be unavoidable in some European countries because of direct travel from their hubs to hotspot areas in West Africa , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . But the risk of spread , it said , is avoidable and extremely low . Australia scare : A 57-year-old woman who returned to Australia after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone has been isolated at a hospital and is undergoing tests , including one for the deadly virus , authorities said . She had isolated herself at home and checked her temperature twice daily since her return , as recommended by national guidelines . The Queensland Department of Health announced early Friday that initial tests on the woman came back negative for Ebola . United Kingdom : The UK 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports and Eurostar railway terminals will begin screening passengers arriving from Ebola-affected Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , a government spokesman said . Screening will involve assessing passengers ' recent travel history , who they have been in contact with and future travel arrangements , as well as a possible assessment performed by medical personnel . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Alexander Felton , Khushbu Shah , Saskya Vandoorne , Richard Quest , Brent Swails and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	Spain creates a committee to tackle the Ebola crisis Spokesman : US Airways followed CDC guidelines after health scare on Dominican flight After negative test , Texas sheriff 's deputy is discharged Hotel closed in Macedonia after sudden death , ministry says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Flannery O'Connor did not expect to become the subject of a biography . She thought the narrow borders of her life -- lived "  between the house and the chicken yard " -- would n't give a writer much to work with . Author Flannery O'Connor  here with two of her peacocks  remains a subject of fascination for many . It would therefore come as a surprise  and probably secretly please her  to learn she is the focus of at least three . The latest is "  Flannery : A Life of Flannery O'Connor "  Little , Brown  by Brad Gooch , an exhaustively researched exploration of O'Connor 's unlikely journey from shy , sarcastic and "  contrary " Georgia girl to acerbic literary treasure . That she suffered from lupus and died before the age of 40 is well-known to fans of O'Connor . But Gooch uncovers much that even ardent followers of the author will find revealing , including details of her college career as a cartoonist , and her time in Iowa City at the Iowa Writers ' Workshop . The book manages to synthesize what seems difficult to reconcile : how such a chaste , religious person could produce stories that are bitingly funny and filled with shocking violence . Watch O'Connor 's fascinating story " Gooch spoke with CNN about his experience researching the biography . What follows is an edited version of the interview . CNN : When did you first discover Flannery O'Connor ? Brad Gooch : I first read her stories in my 20s and loved them , and then a little later , the -LSB- collected -RSB- letters came up , "  The Habit of Being . " And I 'd had a few hunches about her from reading the stories , which were a little mysterious . ... And then when I read the letters , a lot of those hunches seemed true . ... Trying to put the life of this woman together with the stories became as interesting as the stories to me . CNN : She was n't always known as Flannery O'Connor . Gooch : Her name was Mary Flannery O'Connor , and her mother and everyone in Milledgeville  Georgia  , where she lived most of her life , continued to call her Mary Flannery . But when she went to Iowa City -- the Iowa Writers ' Workshop -- early on , she decided she wanted to be a writer , and she decided on the name Flannery . She later said , "  Who would want to buy these stories of an Irish washerwoman named Mary O'Connor ? " Partly , I think she wanted to lose the Southern-ness of "  Mary Flannery . " ... Also , Flannery was a gender-neutral name . ... Her initial rejection letters were actually addressed to "  Mr. Flannery O'Connor , " and I think she kind of liked that neutrality . CNN : What did you find most remarkable about her ? Gooch : I think the discipline of her writing becomes ... almost inspiring . She developed lupus when she was 25 , she lived until she was 39 . And in that period , she kept up this regimen that she had begun at the Iowa Writers ' Workshop of writing every morning for three hours , even if it meant sitting in front of a blank page . ... -LSB- Near the end of her life -RSB- she was editing her final stories and hiding them under the pillow in the hospital from the doctors so that she could go on . She was still working on her last story after she had last rites . ... All of that is a sort of -LSB- a -RSB- level of commitment that is startling and unmatched . CNN : Her stories are often funny , yet disturbing . Gooch : Her style goes under these names , like grotesque or gothic , but she was really crossing these two wires of humor and almost this kind of dark theological writing that had never been put together before . ... -LSB- In "  A Good Man is Hard to Find " -RSB- a family on vacation ... meets someone named the Misfit , this ex-con in the woods . ... And he winds up shooting the entire family while spouting existentialist , nihilist philosophy . And in that story , there 's always a point where you keep laughing past this line , and suddenly someone 's being shot and you 're laughing and then -LSB- readers -RSB- get very uncomfortable . They ca n't tell whether this is supposed to be funny or not , and I think that O'Connor definitely works in that territory , where you ca n't tell if she 's being funny or tragic and serious . CNN : The titles of her stories and novels are so wonderful -- "  A Good Man Is Hard to Find , " "  Everything That Rises Must Converge , " "  The Life You Save May Be Your Own , " "  The Violent Bear It Away . " Gooch : "  A Good Man is Hard to Find " was a Bessie Smith song ; "  Everything That Rises Must Converge " she got from Teilhard de Chardin , a favorite Catholic theologian of hers . You see in a way how sophisticated she was in her approach to her writing . I think sometimes when people read the stories , they confuse O'Connor with the character in her story , and they think she is some Grandma-Moses-crazy-folk-artist , but actually she was an incredibly educated artist who had read everything , including a lot of theology . ... The titles ... are attracting and punchy , but you also see that she 's working kind of consciously with these reverberating references . CNN : What do you make of her fascination with birds ? Gooch : When she was forced by lupus to move back to the South and live on a dairy farm with her mother in Georgia , one of the first things she did besides getting very serious about working on her stories was to order a peacock . And eventually she had 39 peacocks . ... And I think that she was very conscious that the peacock was this gawky , comic bird . I think she identified with the peacock for that reason . The peacock squawked all night and annoyed people , ate her mother 's flowers , and yet , at this certain willful moment , opened its tail and revealed what she called this "  map of the universe . " So , I think it really stood in a way for this kind of transfiguration that would take place for her spiritually but also in the beauty of her writing . ... She definitely made an effort to make the peacock her own personal logo . CNN : What is her literary reputation 45 years after her death ? Gooch : She seems to be ever more popular . When she died she was considered almost a minor writer . Her second volume of stories had n't even come out ; her "  Collected Stories " was published in the early 1970s and got a posthumous National Book Award . It seems that every decade , interest in her grows . When the Library of America put out her collected works 10 years ago , she outsold Faulkner . So she has this popularity and interest . And -LSB- she -RSB- increasingly shows up in funny pop culture ways . I think in the last episode of "  Lost " the character was reading "  Everything That Rises Must Converge " in the last scene . So , counterintuitively , she 's only growing in importance . CNN : It 's amazing that she had a literary career at all , given how debilitating her illness was . Gooch : What became inspiring to me , unexpectedly , writing this book -LSB- was how she dealt -RSB- with her illness , and that she finally was nobody 's victim . ... Everything we think of as a Flannery O'Connor story came after she had been diagnosed as having lupus and settled in to life in the South . You get the sense that this was almost a magical thinking , where she thought that writing these stories was keeping her alive .	New biography of Flannery O'Connor offers insights on Southern author Biographer Brad Gooch : O'Connor 's discipline was "  inspiring " Author suffered from lupus , was dead by 39 , but left brilliant body of work
CNN Student News  -- April 29 , 2013 Media Literacy Question of the Day Why is it important for a reporter to be clear about what information is known and what information is n't ? How might a journalist convey information that is n't definite ? Explain . * * Daily Discussion Questions What questions do you think investigators might still have about the April 15th terror bombing in Boston ? Why do authorities continue to investigate crimes after an arrest has been made ? * * Who was Martin Richard ? How did his Little League team honor his memory recently ? What was your reaction to this story ? * * Where was part of a plane that had been hijacked on September 11th , 2001 found recently ? What does New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly say about the part and how it might have gotten there ? How do you think authorities will investigate this ? Why is that investigation important ? * * What is a furlough ? Why were some air traffic controllers recently furloughed ? How did the U.S. Congress address this last week ? In your view , was the impact of the furloughs significant ? Explain . * * What do you know about the planet Saturn ? What is significant about Saturn 's current location ? Why do you think some people are interested in studying the solar system ? * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- As 36,000 marathoners get ready to pound the streets of Boston on Monday , authorities have their own mammoth task ahead : trying to keep all 26.2 miles of the course safe . Officials say they have gone to great lengths to make sure nothing like last year 's attacks will happen . For starters , no backpacks or rucksacks will be allowed on the course this year , said Kurt Schwartz , director of the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency . The bombs that killed three people and wounded 264 others last year were placed in backpacks . The Boston Athletic Association , which organizes the marathon , said spectators are also encouraged to leave backpacks and handbags at home . Containers with more than 1 liter of liquid , costumes covering the face , and bulky clothes such as vests with pockets wo n't be allowed . And large flags or signs bigger than 11 inches by 17 inches are also banned from marathon venues . Those venues include the start and finish areas , the course , the athletes ' village and areas where official events are held . Unregistered runners and cyclists intending to jump into the race are n't welcome this year , either . "  We are aware that many people want to participate in some way in this year 's Boston Marathon as a display of support , " the BAA said in a statement . "  But we ask that those who are not official participants to refrain from entering the course for the safety of the runners and themselves . " The anniversary scare At a memorial to mark the one-year anniversary of the bombings , one sight evoked memories of the gruesome attacks : suspicious bags near the Boston Marathon finish line . Police spotted the bags on Boylston Street -- not far from where two pressure-cooker bombs exploded a year ago . The first clue that something was amiss came when an officer spotted a man carrying one of the bags walking barefoot in the rain down Boylston Street . Police said he became very vocal and started yelling . When asked what was in his backpack , the man told the officer it was a rice cooker , Boston Police Superintendent Randy Halstead said . "  We looked into the backpack , saw that it was what appeared to be a rice cooker , had the individual take the knapsack off , drop it on the street , and he was taken into custody , " Halstead said . The man was identified by prosecutors as Kevin Edson , also known as Kayvon Edson . He was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct , disturbing the peace and possession of a hoax device , Halstead said . A bomb squad inspected the bag and deemed it safe . "  In the process of rendering that safe , we noticed a second backpack off to the side , " Halstead said . "  Nobody claimed ownership of it . At that time , that bag was rendered safe . " Halstead said his officers are ready for this year 's marathon . In Tuesday 's incident , he said , the "  training kicked in . " "  I have utmost praise for my officer , " Halstead said . "  That 's what he 's trained to do , that 's what he did , and that 's why I 'm proud of the guys of this department . " Memorial : ` We are America , we own the finish line ' A massive enterprise This year 's marathon will be a massive enterprise . The race will have 9,000 more runners than last year . More spectators than ever before will also line the course , according to the Boston Athletic Association . Keeping that in mind , police will double the number of officers on patrol from last year , with 3,500 scattered among the crowd . They will be aided by 100 additional security cameras and bomb-sniffing dogs . "  In this world , you never eliminate risk ; you never bring it down to zero , " State Police Col. Timothy Alben told reporters last month . "  But we are working very hard at reducing that risk level and managing it to the best of our collective abilities . " Authorities have not disclosed how much the extra security will cost . All they will offer is that it will be "  much greater " than last year 's cost . But this year 's race will also reap millions of dollars . According to the Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau , the marathon and related events will bring in an estimated $ 175.8 million -- the highest-ever amount for a Boston Marathon . Tsarnaev awaits trial CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	Two suspicious bags were spotted on the one-year anniversary of the attacks A man carrying one of the bags was charged with possessing a hoax device Runners will not be allowed to wear backpacks in this year 's Boston Marathon Large signs , costumes and unregistered runners will also be banned
CNN  -- Roger Federer secured a record-equaling seventh Wimbledon title to dash the hopes of Andy Murray and a partisan Centre Court crowd . Federer made it 17 grand slam titles to his name after a two-and-a-half-year drought and matched the haul of American Pete Sampras at the All England Club . The Swiss will return to the top of the world rankings as a result of his 4-6 7-5 6-3 6-4 victory , meaning he will match his hero Sampras ' record of 286 weeks at No. 1 . For Murray , the first Briton to reach a men 's singles final at Wimbledon in 74 years , it represented his fourth defeat in major finals , and his pain was acutely felt by a fervent crowd at Wimbledon . Sampras : I hated  and loved  Wimbledon Federer 's triumph was his first at Wimbledon since 2009 , with his last major win coming at the Australian Open in 2010 when he also beat Murray . "  It 's amazing , " Federer told the host broadcaster . "  It equals me with Pete Sampras , who is my hero , so it feels amazing . "  I think I played some of my best tennis in the last couple of matches . It 's worked out so many times here that I play my best in semis and the final . I could n't be more happy -- it feels being great being back here as the winner . It 's a great moment . " Federer 's victory means he is only the second player in the men 's game to have held the top ranking over the age of 30 , alongside Andre Agassi . "  As we know , the world No. 1 , you do n't get that gifted , " he added . "  I was up two sets to love in the quarters last year , two sets to love up at the U.S. Open ... so many chances , maybe I got nervous , maybe the other guys were just too good . "  I never stopped believing and I started playing more even though I have a family and it all worked out , I got great momentum and confidence and it all came together . It 's a magical moment for me . "  I 've obviously gone through some struggles as well , a lot of changes have happened in my life since so this one comes at the right time , as any grand slam victory . " Murray had started well , spurred on by a fervent home crowd desperate to see a first British winner in the men 's singles since Fred Perry in 1936 , breaking Federer in the very first game . Wimbledon grass faces Olympic race against time and nature And though the 25-year-old then lost his own serve , he summoned another break to take his first set in a grand slam final . As a tense second set neared its climax , Federer then executed two perfect drop shots to stun Murray and take it 7-5 . The third set was locked at 1-1 when a heavy burst of rain arrived , forcing the players off court as the recently installed roof was closed . The change in atmosphere played into Federer 's hands as he reappeared rejuvenated . An epic sixth game of the set lasted for 20 minutes and 10 deuces as Murray desperately tried to cling on to his serve . But once Federer secured the break he quickly finished the set and then broke for 3-2 in the final set , sinking to the turf as a cross court forehand from Murray handed him his seventh title . Afterwards , a tearful Murray joked : "  I 'm getting closer . I 'd like to congratulate Roger . I was getting asked the other day after I won my semifinal , was this my best chance because Roger is 30 now ? Well , he 's not bad for a 30-year-old . "  He played a great tournament . He showed what fight he still has in him . So , congratulations Roger you deserve it . " Murray saluted the fans who offered him such support throughout the tournament , and remarked on the pressure that comes with carrying a nation 's hopes of finally ending a 76-year British wait for the men 's title . Expectations had been raised even higher after Jonathan Marray became Britain 's first men 's doubles champion at Wimbledon since 1936 on Saturday . "  Everyone always talks about the pressure of playing at Wimbledon but it 's not because of the people watching , " Murray said . "  They make it so much easier to play . The support has been incredible so thank you . "	Roger Federer wins his seventh Wimbledon title beating Andy Murray 4-6 7-5 6-3 6-4 Federer matches Pete Sampras ' Wimbledon record with his latest victory Murray suffers his fourth defeat in major finals as his loss is felt by partisan crowd Federer has now won 17 grand slam titles and regains the world No. 1 ranking
CNN  -- A former soldier arrested after a hostage incident at a Georgia military base is scheduled to appear in court Wednesday . Robert Anthony Quinones , 29 , of Hinesville , Georgia , will appear before a U.S. magistrate judge in Savannah , Georgia , on multiple charges , including threats to kill President Obama and former President Bill Clinton . Quinones was arrested Monday after a two-hour hostage situation at Winn Army Community Hospital on Fort Stewart , about 45 miles from Savannah , according to the FBI . Officials said he had demanded mental health care at the hospital . Quinones is charged with assault of a federal officer and kidnapping in the incident , which ended with the gunman 's surrender . No one was injured in the incident , officials said . After he was taken into custody and during interviews , Quinones "  expressed his plans , preparation and intentions to kill President Obama and former President Clinton , " according to an affidavit filed in federal court . "  Quinones detailed his studies of Secret Service protocols , sniper techniques and means of disguise and weapons concealment to implement his assassination plans . " A search of his residence resulted in the discovery of 11 long guns , four pistols , multiple rounds of ammunition and dozens of bayonets and knives , according to the affidavit . Authorities also found books and manuals about FBI hostage rescue teams , Osama bin Laden , Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh , the Russian mafia and other topics , according to the affidavit signed by FBI and secret service agents . When asked whether he would kill Obama or Clinton if given a chance , Quinones said , "  Yes . On a scale of 1 to 10 about being serious , I am a 10 , " the affidavit said . Quinones was discharged from the military in February and had a civilian job at Fort Stewart , said the FBI , which released no other information on his military record . Neighbor Jerry Franklin said he has known Quinones for several years . "  He was a good kid , " he said . Franklin , 48 , an Army retiree , said Quinones would talk with him and other veterans because they understood the stress brought on by combat . Quinones had served two tours in Iraq , Franklin said . "  All I know is he saw death , " Franklin told CNN . "  Maybe they -LSB- the Army -RSB- should have helped him a little more , " said Franklin , adding he was not blaming the military for the incident . Quinones might not have received sufficient individual treatment after returning from Iraq , Franklin said . Quinones worked at one of Fort Stewart 's post-exchange stores , the neighbor said , adding he did n't believe Quinones had been treated at Winn Army Community Hospital , the scene of Monday 's hostage situation . The hostage incident started about 4 a.m. Monday when the former Army serviceman entered the facility and demanded care , spokesman Kevin Larson said Monday . The gunman immediately took one hostage and went to the third floor , which houses the behavioral health unit , where he held two more people at gunpoint , including a nurse practitioner , Larson said . The nurse , an Army major , was able to calm the man and authorities started negotiations , Larson said . The gunman eventually surrendered and was taken into custody for questioning , he said . Quinones was armed with an MP5 assault rifle , an AR-15 assault rifle , a 9 mm handgun and a .38 - caliber pistol , according to the affidavit . It accuses the gunman of pointing a firearm at an Army negotiator . Quinones ' attorney , Karl Christian Zipperer , said late Tuesday afternoon he had just gotten the case and would have no comment . A phone number for Quinones in Hinesville was disconnected . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Robert A. Quinones has served two tours in Iraq , his neighbor says The former soldier faces multiple charges after a hostage incident A search of his residence yields many weapons , an affidavit states
Washington  CNN  -- Politics is full of second chances . Mark Sanford is living proof . Now Anthony Weiner is hoping to travel the same route in seeking political redemption . Weiner was in his seventh term in Congress , representing parts of the New York City boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn , when he resigned from the House in 2011 amid scandal over lewd photos sent via Twitter . Weiner talked about his controversy in a video that went up online early Wednesday where he announced his candidacy for mayor of New York City . "  Look , I made some big mistakes , and I know I let a lot of people down . But I 've also learned some tough lessons . I 'm running for mayor because I 've been fighting for the middle class and those struggling my entire life . And I hope I get a second chance to work for you . " The video also features his wife , Huma Abedin , a former top adviser to Hillary Clinton , and their young son . Later in the video , Abedin says "  we love this city , and no one will work harder to make it better than Anthony . " Sound familiar ? Flash back a few months to Mark Sanford , another well-known politician looking for a second chance . Sanford 's political career was left for dead following an infamous affair , but he made a bid for political redemption , running in a special election to fill a vacant congressional seat . Sanford succeeded in his comeback by winning this month 's election and is again representing South Carolina 's 1st Congressional District , a seat he once held before he became governor . Sanford talked about his affair in his first campaign commercial . Most special elections for a vacant House seat do n't grab national attention , but thanks to Sanford  and his Democratic opponent being the sister of Comedy Central host Stephen Colbert  , the race was in the headlines . The media loves a comeback story , if only because it allows them an opportunity to revisit what brought down that politician in the first place . So Weiner , like Sanford , will be in the spotlight , for better or for worse . "  Voters love a good comeback story . We identify with the underdog and cheer for him as we would for ourselves , " says Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos . "  But voters also love justice . We want people to pay for their mistakes . Anthony Weiner has n't yet paid for his . He probably will in this election . But who knows ? " "  Anthony was of the most talented politicians in either party , and this race is going to be steep climb for any of the candidates . Anthony definitely has a shot , " says a Democratic strategist who 's worked in New York City politics . "  When you have someone as skillful as a messenger as Anthony , that makes a big difference in a race where TV ad spending is limited due to New York City election laws and the fact that it 's the most expensive media market in county , " adds the strategist , who asked to remain anonymous to speak more freely . The big question is what the voters think . As of now , nearly half of New York City voters do n't think Weiner should run for mayor this year , according to a new poll . According to a Quinnipiac University survey , which was conducted in the week before Weiner 's announcement and released Wednesday , 49 % of New York City voters said Weiner should not run for mayor , with 38 % saying he should make a bid and 12 % unsure . The 49 % figure is up five percentage points from a Quinnipiac poll conducted in mid-April . The survey indicates Democratic voters are divided , with 41 % saying Weiner should run and 44 % disagreeing . But Weiner 's entry into the race finds him in the second spot for his party 's nomination , according to the poll , with 15 % of registered Democrats saying they would vote for Weiner if the primary were held today . City Council Speaker Christine Quinn remains in the top spot , at 25 % . Quinn has long been the Democratic front-runner in the race , and if she 's elected in the November general election , she 'll become Gotham 's first female and first openly gay mayor . The other Democratic candidates are at 10 % or less in the survey , with more than a quarter of voters undecided . The poll also indicates that at this stage in the campaign , the eventual Democratic nominee would be the front-runner in the November election .	Former Rep. Anthony Weiner said he wants to be mayor of New york City Weiner resigned in disgrace after tweeting intimate photos He is one of a number of politicians who have sought public redemption
Some lawmakers are rethinking their support of controversial anti-piracy bills that led to some websites shutting down in protest . The protest was in response to the Stop Online Piracy Act  SOPA  bill , a piece of proposed legislation that is working its way through Congress . A Senate committee approved a similar bill in May called the Protect IP Act  PIPA  , which is now pending before the full Senate . The protest seemed to change the minds of lawmakers , including those that had strongly backed the bills in the past . "  We can find a solution that will protect lawful content . But this bill is flawed & that 's why I 'm withdrawing my support . #SOPA #PIPA , " Republican Sen. Roy Blunt wrote on his official Twitter page . Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , who was an initial co-sponsor of PIPA , reversed his position . "  I have decided to withdraw my support for the Protect IP Act . Furthermore , I encourage Senator Reid to abandon his plan to rush the bill to the floor . Instead , we should take more time to address the concerns raised by all sides , and come up with new legislation that addresses Internet piracy while protecting free and open access to the Internet , " Rubio wrote on a Facebook post . Rep Lee Terry , R-Nebraska , an original co-sponsor of SOPA , also said he had changed his view . "  Thank you for your concern about #SOPA . I have asked to have my name removed from the bill . However , the economic impact of IP theft is real and a solution is needed , " Terry wrote on Facebook . Later Thursday , Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky joined the newly minted opponents of the bill . He had not previously voiced an opinion on the legislation . "  While we must combat the online theft of intellectual property , current proposals in Congress raise serious legal , policy and operational concerns , " McConnell said in a news release . "  Rather than prematurely bringing the Protect IP Act to the Senate floor , we should first study and resolve the serious issues with this legislation . " Share your thoughts on SOPA and PIPA on iReport Wikipedia , one of the websites that shut down on Wednesday , returned Thursday with the message : "  Thank you for protecting Wikipedia . We 're not done yet . " Clicking on that message takes a Wikipedia viewer to a thank you letter and instructions on how to continue fighting against anti-piracy bills that critics say could amount to censorship . "  Your voice was loud and strong , " the message said . "  Millions of people have spoken in defense of a free and open Internet . "  Why Wikipedia went down at midnight On Wednesday , instead of the usual encyclopedia articles , visitors to Wikipedia 's English-language site were greeted by a message about the decision to black out its Web page for an entire day . However , users were able to access its mobile site on some smartphones . Boing Boing , a blog that took part in Wednesday 's online protest but returned on Thursday , said the U.S. Senate was considering legislation that would "  certainly kill us forever . The legislation ... would put us in legal jeopardy if we linked to a site anywhere online that had any links to copyright infringement . " "  In the past , the media industry has often gone after particular infringers -- people who have downloaded stuff off the Internet and sharing it . And now they 're going after websites that link to these things , " Rob Beschizza , Boing Boing 's managing editor , said Wednesday . "  The bill is supposed to let copyright holders get court orders against them , and there 's all sorts of various measures for getting sites blacklisted or blocked . "  The problem is that the measures are so wide-ranging and so open to abuse that we 're worried that sites like ours could be brought down by frivolous claims , " he said . While not blacking out its home page , search giant Google joined the cause by covering its famous logo with a black rectangle and urging visitors , "  Tell Congress : Please do n't censor the web ! " SOPA 's supporters -- including CNN 's parent company , Time Warner , and groups such as the MPAA -- say that online piracy leads to U.S. job losses because it deprives content creators of income . The bill 's supporters dismiss accusations of censorship , saying the legislation is meant to revamp a broken system that does n't adequately prevent criminal behavior . But SOPA critics say the bill 's backers do n't understand the Internet 's architecture , and therefore do n't appreciate the implications of the legislation they 're considering . The controversy over SOPA and PIPA has turned into an all-out war between Hollywood and Silicon Valley . Media companies have united in favor of the bills , while tech 's power players are throwing their might into opposing them .  Hundreds turn out for SOPA protest in New York "  Both SOPA and PIPA are threats not just to the U.S. economy , and not just to all the jobs that this tech sector creates , but if they had existed , Steve Huffman and I could have never founded Reddit , " said Alexis Ohanian , who co-founded the site . Millions visit Reddit to submit interesting links from websites , discuss them and vote on them , he said , calling it "  sort of a democratic front page of the web . " Reddit also went dark Wednesday morning and was back Thursday . One member of Congress , Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , who opposes the bills , said the unprecedented blackouts had "  turned the tide against a backroom lobbying effort by interests that are n't used to being told no . " Issa is pushing for consideration of his own plan , the OPEN Act , addressing the matter .  OPEN Act : An experiment in digital democracy	SOPA , PIPA bills lose support on Capitol Hill Wikipedia back online after day of protest over anti-piracy legislation Wikipedia 's website : "  We 're not done yet . " Controversy over online piracy pits Hollywood , tech companies
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Cloning has been a controversial issue since German embryologist Hans Spemann first made a pair of adorable , genetically identical salamander twins out of a single egg , way back in nineteen-dickety-two . From tales of deformed baby animals to abnormally aging sheep , the idea of using science to duplicate and generally screw with our genetic material continues to creep out the public to this day . In order to put a heart-stake in this perennial bugaboo , we traveled to Texas to visit with Dr. Duane Kraemer , a leading researcher and authority on in-vitro fertilization , and the man responsible for the world 's first cloned cat , which currently lives in his back yard . Having grown up on a dairy farm in Wisconsin , Kraemer left for school intending to learn animal husbandry and take over the family business . Once he commenced his studies , however , he quickly became engaged in the world of assisted reproduction and left the farming industry -- though only partially . He is now a director of the Reproductive Science Laboratory at Texas A&M , where he also works in the College of Veterinary Medicine . Considered a leader in reproductive science , Kraemer was the first scientist to successfully transfer nonhuman embryos resulting in offspring . Kraemer is currently working on a project to genetically engineer livestock resistant to disease . While some folks may  and certainly do  take issue with this endeavor , Kraemer 's view is that his work is no different from using selective breeding to produce superior animals . Kraemer approaches cloning from the perspective of someone who has worked in agriculture and who knows the hardship of having a bull who ca n't reproduce . But now he 's armed with the technology to circumvent the problem . See the rest of Clone Farm at VBS.TV During the visit , we were introduced to a few of his cloned animals : Dewey , the first of his cloned deer ; Bruce , a bull created from the 15-year-old cells of a dead bull who 'd been resistant to brucellosis , a bacterial infection that causes spontaneous abortion in cattle ; and CC , or Carbon Copy , the world 's first cloned cat , who has successfully given birth to several kittens of her own . Cloning and genetic tinkering both raise a slew of questions that none of us can answer . After shooting this piece , we 're not sure we see any real difference between the "  cloning " Kraemer works on and most forms of artificial insemination and selective breeding . While the technological aspect allows for quicker and more direct manipulation , at the end of the day , if you can raise a herd of cows resistant to something as nasty as brucellosis , why would n't you do that ? That said , cloning your household pets so that you can have them forever is still pretty silly .	Scientist who cloned world 's first cat working to genetically engineer livestock Dr. Duane Kraemer has cloned bull from cells of a bull resistant to Brucellosis Project sparking controversy , raising slew of ethical questions
Moscow  CNN  -- Four people were killed Saturday and more than 43 others were injured , four critically , after a Russian passenger jet caught fire shortly before takeoff , authorities said . One of the engines aboard the Tu-154B-2 caught fire as the plane taxied toward the runway in Russia 's Siberian city of Surgut , Russia 's Investigation Committee said in a statement on its website . The blaze quickly spread throughout the cabin , forcing passengers to evacuate as the aircraft became engulfed in flames . After the passengers evacuated , the fuel tanks exploded , causing massive devastation to the aircraft , a spokeswoman for the local branch of the Russian Emergency Situations Ministry said on state television . Photos on state-run newswire RIA-Novosti 's website showed only the tail of the plane recognizable amid a huge plume of black smoke . The aircraft , which was destined for Moscow , about 1,800 miles away , was carrying 135 people -- 117 passengers and 18 crew members , the Russian Health and Social Development Ministry said . Earlier , it was reported that 124 people were on board . A popular Russian pop group , Na-Na , was on the flight . The plane was flown by Kogalymavia Airlines , according to RIA-Novosti . The aircraft 's last overhaul was in 1998 , according to Russian state television . A pre-flight check found it to be in good condition , state TV said . Authorities have launched a criminal investigation based on charges of violating transport and fire safety rules , the investigative committee said . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report	Russian pop music group was on flight Plane 's fuel tanks explode after passengers evacuated , official says An engine catches fire shortly before takeoff Authorities launch a criminal investigation
Pope Francis called Friday for religious tolerance and dialogue to counter extremism in the Middle East as he met with Turkey 's leaders on the first day of a rare papal visit to the predominantly Muslim country . Speaking in Ankara alongside Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan , the Pope called on people of all faiths to show respect for human life , dignity and religious freedom . "  Fanaticism and fundamentalism , as well as irrational fears which foster misunderstanding and discrimination , need to be countered by the solidarity of all believers , " he said . Terrorist violence shows no sign of abating in Iraq and Syria , with grave persecution against Christians and the Yazidi minority in particular , Francis said . "  Hundreds of thousands of persons have been forced to abandon their homes and countries in order to survive and remain faithful to their religious beliefs , " he said . "  Turkey , which has generously welcomed a great number of refugees , is directly affected by this tragic situation on its borders ; the international community has the moral obligation to assist Turkey in taking care of these refugees . " At the same time , Francis said , Turkey has a "  great responsibility , " because of its history and location bridging East and West , to help bring different communities together and promote the path to peace . Erdogan criticizes Islamophobia In his address , Erdogan highlighted what he said was a disturbing trend of increased racism and Islamophobia in the West , at the same time as Islamist extremism wracks parts of the Middle East . The world must come together if it wants to combat terrorism , he said . The Turkish leader also suggested the West should not turn a blind eye to abuses committed by Syrian President Bashar al-Assad while it pursues ISIS . The timing of the Pope 's visit , in this period of unrest , is extremely significant , Erdogan added , voicing hope that it would lead to an "  auspicious era " of improved relations in the world . Francis also met with Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu and will hold talks with the head of the country 's religious affairs directorate , Mehmet Gormez . On his first trip to Turkey as pontiff , Francis will also spend time with the head of the Orthodox Church . The three-day visit , which may be one of the most challenging of his papacy , is intended to strengthen bridges , not only between sister churches but also across religious divides . It comes at a time when Christians -- as well as other minorities and many Muslims -- are coming under increasing pressure amid worsening conflict in the Middle East , the birthplace of Christianity . Positive relations The Pope 's first stop in Ankara was at the Ataturk Mausoleum , tomb of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk , the founder of Turkish republic and its first president , where he laid a wreath . He will spend Saturday and Sunday in Istanbul at the invitation of Patriarch Bartholomew I , spiritual leader of some 300 million Orthodox Christians . Bartholomew has asked the Pope to take part in celebrations marking the feast of St. Andrew , founder of the Eastern Church and the older brother of St. Peter . The invitation was first extended at the time of Francis ' papal inauguration in March 2013 , according to Vatican Radio . "  We are eagerly awaiting the visit of our brother , Pope Francis , " Bartholomew is quoted as saying . "  It will be yet another significant step in our positive relations as sister churches . " Before meeting privately with Bartholomew on Saturday , Francis will celebrate Mass at the Roman Catholic Church of the Holy Spirit in Istanbul . He will also attend the Divine Liturgy at the Patriarchal Cathedral on Sunday . Forced to flee Over the past decade , first al Qaeda and then ISIS have forced the majority of Christians to flee Iraq and Syria . Only a fraction of their former number remain in areas under ISIS control , deciding to place their faith in God or pay the terrorists a protection tax . Growing numbers , especially from Syria , have ended up in Turkey . The nation already is reeling from the influx of around 1.5 million Syrian refugees , the vast majority Muslim , and it 's politically uneasy , with a controversial and conservative government that its opponents fear will challenge the secular identity of the post-Ottoman Empire . Turkey also faces an atmosphere of increased insecurity , with ISIS at its border and the extremist group 's leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , announcing its intention to conquer Rome and the world . Kenan Gurdal , deputy director of the Virgin Mary Ancient Assyrian Church Foundation in Istanbul , told CNN that the Pope 's visit means a great deal . "  In a time of chaos in the Middle East , in a time where there is Muslim-Christian fighting , it is a beautiful thing to have a pope visit a Muslim country , " he said . "  It is a very positive thing , and hopefully this can be a lesson to the world and that it contributes to peace . " Francis is the fourth Pope to travel to Turkey , following in the footsteps of Paul VI , John Paul II and Benedict XVI .	Pope Francis calls for religious freedom and tolerance to counter extremism Pope : Fanaticism and fundamentalism need to be countered by those of all faiths Patriarch Bartholomew I , spiritual leader of the Orthodox Church , invited Pope Many refugees in Turkey , including Christians , have fled violence in Iraq and Syria
