CNN  -- Last year 's inaugural live stream of the Super Bowl got its fair share of criticism , but it did set a precedent for how technology can affect our enjoyment of the year 's most-hyped sporting event . This year , Sunday 's big game is once again being streamed live online for those who ca n't camp out in front of their big-screen TVs . Between streaming options , mobile apps and social media chatter , there are plenty of options to take part in what 's become a national pastime : eating unhealthy food , joking about the commercials and tuning in to what everyone hopes will be a great game . Whether you 'll be watching the San Francisco 49ers take on the Baltimore Ravens at the Superdome in New Orleans , hosting a viewing party or watching solo , here are five ways tech can help you kick off a better Super Bowl . 1 . If you 're watching online Super Bowl XLVII itself begins at 6:30 p.m. ET and will be streamed on CBSSports.com and NFL.com to laptops , tablets and smartphones . On CBS 's stream , fans can choose from four camera angles to get a better perspective on the action , follow along with a curated Twitter feed , and check out the commercials as they air on TV via an interactive gallery . Real-time statistics and game highlights will also be available . Beyonce 's lip-syncing at President Obama 's inauguration last week has raised the stakes on her Super Bowl halftime performance . But so has the fact that it 'll be the first one to be live-streamed online .  No pressure , Bey .  For the record , she says she 'll be singing live this time . 2 . If you need to make a beer/soda/chicken wing run The best-case scenario is that you 're well-stocked with snackage and drinks well before the pre-show starts at 6 p.m. and do n't have to move an inch until the final whistle . But in case you must tear yourself away from your TV or laptop , there are some mobile apps that 'll suffice in a pinch . ESPN ScoreCenter will keep you up-to-date on each play and is available for Apple , Android and Windows devices . If you want to keep it team-specific , both teams in Sunday 's game have free mobile apps equipped for the iPhone , Android and BlackBerry . The 49ers Gameday Live app offers team news , real-time statistics and an integrated Twitter feed , while the Ravens roll out stats and news via their official app and mobile site , which hosts live scores . If you 're a Verizon Wireless subscriber with an iPhone , there 's also NFL Mobile , which offers live video of the Super Bowl . 3 . If you 're on Twitter As anyone knows if they 've watched a live national TV event with their phone or tablet recently , the best commentary can happen on Twitter and Facebook . The official hashtag to follow is #CBSSuperBowl , although others are sure to pop up during the game . Social-media monitoring company Sysomos has put together this handy infographic of game-related handles to start following . The list includes some obvious choices , like the Twitter feeds for both teams  that would be @Ravens and @ 49ers  , but also those who follow football closely , like Sports Illustrated 's Richard Deitsch , Bleacher Report 's Ty Schalter and Matt Loede of NFL Gridiron Gab . For the official word on the game , the New Orleans Super Bowl Committee has its own Twitter account . HLN 's website recommends 49ers tight end Vernon Davis and quarterback Colin Kaepernick , along with Ravens wide receiver Torrey Smith and kicker Justin Tucker , as top picks for Super Bowl players who are active on Twitter and photo-sharing app Instagram . Considering her upcoming Super Bowl commercial is already one of the game 's most buzzed-about ad spots , we 're going to throw in model Kate Upton as well . 4 . If you 're in New Orleans If you 're attending the game , you 've clearly got your viewing problems solved . But there are still a few apps that can make your New Orleans stay more enjoyable . HLNtv.com : Entrepreneur helps you experience N'awlins the right way Thanks to the results of the Codemkrs Super Challenge , which pulled together developers and programmers for a weekend of Web app creation , there are four apps in particular that you might find useful . The first-place winner was Eat Now ! New Orleans , which helps steer you toward restaurants that are n't completely booked . NolaParks helps you locate outdoor activities , parks and playgrounds , while GigsGuru zeroes in on places to find live music . And if you have a great experience with a server , you can share it on HeartBucket , which not only highlights the act of kindness for all to see but also alerts that person 's superior . Verizon subscribers can check out the Super Bowl XLVII Guide app for the iPhone , which includes a breakdown of Big Easy restaurants and music venues in addition to official game events . 5 . If you 're watching alone Watching the game by your lonesome does n't have to be lonely . The TOK Football app for the iPad allows you to chat with up to four of your friends while watching the game . And the "  social sports book " OnSports app for the iPhone help you connect with other fans .	From livestreams to apps , tech tools can help you enjoy Sunday 's Super Bowl Super Bowl XLVII will be streamed on CBSSports.com and NFL.com to mobile devices Mobile apps can keep you up on the play-by-play when you 're away from the TV The game begins at 6:30 p.m. ET Sunday in New Orleans
Hong Kong  CNN  -- "  Iron Man 3 " has set a new box office record in China , taking 130 million yuan  $ 21 million  on its opening day . The appeal may have something to do with additional scenes added into the Chinese version of the film . The extra four minutes of footage feature product placement for a Chinese-branded milk drink and two new characters , Dr Wu and his assistant , played by top Chinese actors Wang Xueqi and Fan Bingbing , respectively . Gitesh Pandya , editor of BoxOfficeGuru.com , described the scenes as "  borderline propaganda " in an interview with CNN 's Andrew Stevens . But the inclusion of the scenes , he said , gave the film access to the Chinese market that other Hollywood studios lack . The Walt Disney Company and Marvel Studios teamed up with Beijing-based DMG Entertainment for the third installment of the Iron Man series . DMG Entertainment is also a co-distributor in China , where some filming took place . With China surpassing Japan as the world 's second largest movie market last year , studios that successfully appeal to Chinese audiences can reap sizeable profits . But navigating around the country 's censorship and other restrictions has proved a challenge for some . READ MORE : Iron Man passes $ 300 million internationally When "  Red Dawn " was released in China last year , a scene showing an invasion by Chinese forces was changed to the North Korean army , and a shoot-out scene set in Chinatown in "  Men in Black 3 " was cut entirely . "  The American studios are desperate to get into China , " said Pandya . "  And they 're looking for new ways to profit from this growing market . The population of just the middle class alone is much bigger than the entire United States population , so there 's tremendous potential there . " Pandya predicts the movie 's gross profits in China will reach well over $ 100 million . Robert Downey Jr. spoke of his fascination with Chinese culture during a promotional tour for the film in Beijing last month . "  I 'm interested in all things Chinese and I live a very Chinese life in America , " he said . Globally , "  Iron Man 3 " has already raked in more than $ 300 million since it premiered in London on April 18 . The film opens in the U.S. on Friday . Michael Bay 's "  Transformers : Dark of the Moon " set the previous opening-day Chinese box office record in 2011 , grossing 110 million yuan  $ 17 million  .	` Iron Man 3 ' has record-breaking opening day in China First-day box office sales topped $ 21 million The Chinese version has extra scenes not in the original
CNN  -- There is always a reason to party , and Africa , with its rich cultural diversity , could be described as a festival continent . But while music festivals like Mali 's Festival au Desert and Morocco 's Mawazine are well known to international travelers , Africa offers much more , celebrating everything from rose harvests to religious saints . CNN takes a look at five African festivals you should n't miss . Maralal International Camel Derby -- Kenya Every year in August , the little township of Maralal in Kenya 's Samburu district comes alive . This is where the International Maralal Camel Derby is held -- a competition between both professional and amateur camel jockeys . Read more : Lagos photo festival puts mega city in the spotlight The festival takes place over three days and originally started to promote peace among the different local tribes . Riders from different tribes come together to enjoy the party , and foreign visitors have described it as something like a version of a European music festival . In the last few years , the festival has become more popular among tourists , and is now attracting foreign participants too . Whether you 're there for the shorter 10 km amateur race or the 42 km marathon , this is a festival that suits everyone , as even kids can try to ride a camel . Lonely Planet author Stuart Butler has traveled extensively through Africa and visited the festival in 2011 . He recommends that visitors see the amateur race . "  It 's more interesting to watch , because anyone can go and do it . Lots of people have never been on a camel in their life , " Butler says . Since it 's a festival , there are also many other activities going on , such as traditional local dances , arts and craft and of course -- parties . Timkat -- Ethiopia Ethiopia 's most colorful festival , Timkat , or Timket , is a Christian three-day event held every year from January 18 to 20 . It is held throughout the country and celebrates the baptism of Jesus in the Jordan River . The best place to witness it is in the former imperial capital of Gonder , where the main event takes place at Fasiladas ' Bath . This is where the royal family used to bathe , and is now only filled up with water before the festival . On the eve of Timkat , the Tabot , a model of the Ark of the Covenant , is carried by a priest in a procession to the bath , where the water is blessed . Read more : Photographer gives snapshot of vanishing way of life "  After the priest has blessed the water , everyone jumps in , " says Butler . "  I have never seen tourists join in , but everyone is allowed to . " Pilgrims come from miles away to celebrate Timkat , and to pray and be blessed . "  Anyone interested in the culture of the Ethiopia would be there , " says Butler . "  You do feel like you 're going back in time and it feels like you 're witnessing something that could be from the European medieval times . " Festival of Roses -- Morocco The Festival of Roses is held annually in May , depending on the timing of the rose harvest . The region close to the High Atlas Mountains supports a big rose-growing industry . The sweet-smelling flowers are the lifeblood of the small town called El-Kelaâ M'Gouna , where the festival takes place . The town is famous for the vast landscape of pink Persian roses that stretch out within the oases of the Dadès Valley , also referred to as the Valley of Roses . Each year , around 20,000 people visit the Festival of Roses , which is a three-day celebration full of joy , good food , dancing and singing , as well as a carnival procession and the crowning of a "  Miss Rose , " who will be the queen reigning over that year 's crop . Read more : ` Star Wars ' film set in the Sahara "  Everyone is wearing roses , in their hair , behind their hair ; people throw rose petals and there are roses all over the streets , " says Butler . He says it is n't too well known to people outside Morocco and recommends combining a visit to the festival with hiking the Atlas Mountains . Ben Aissa Moussem -- Morocco Morocco is a predominantly Islamic country and celebrates many Muslim festivals throughout the year . The Ben Aissa festival is the country 's largest moussem , which means "  honoring of saint " and has its roots in Sufism -- often described as the mystical side of Islam . The festival takes place in the Sidi ben Aïssa mausoleum in the northern city of Meknès , and this moussem honors the Aissawa brotherhood and its founder , Sidi Mohamed Ben Aissa . The religious and mystical brotherhood was founded in the 15th or 16th century and the Aissawa were known for their spiritual music and their ceremonies where people dance themselves into ecstatic trances and ate practically anything , even glass , while in a trance . In recent times , the festival has become less about the glass-eating and more about the cultural events . One of the most spectacular attractions is the Fantasia , where horses charge at full gallop with their riders firing rifles . The Ben Aissa moussem also features medieval displays , singing and dancing -- and music is performed in extended sessions . "  It can be eye opening if you do n't know much of Islam , " says Butler , remembering his visit to the festival . "  My impression of Islamic festivals is that they are quite sober , with a very serious eye to it . But around the very serious side , there 's a real carnival atmosphere . " This festival takes place in January and is dependent on the Islamic calendar , but is always on the day before the birthday of Prophet Mohammed . Voodoo Festival -- Benin Voodoo  or vodun  has been an official religion in Benin since the 1990s . Since then , there has been an annual festival in its honor . Voodoo originates in West Africa and followers believe in one supreme being and other lesser divine beings , and that the world of the living and the world of the dead are intertwined . The Voodoo Festival takes place every January in the city of Ouidah , the historic center of voodoo worship , with main festivities located on the beach . It 's Benin 's most colorful and vibrant event , featuring voodoo dolls , horse racing on the beach , as well as dancing and drinking . The festival starts with the supreme priest ceremony , where a goat is slaughtered in honor of the spirits . It 's also famous for the drinking of gin , which can come in handy for the faint-hearted . Charlotte Lytton and Frances Perraudin contributed to this report .	Africa rich cultural diversity means its festivals are colorful , cultural and varied The festivals celebrate everything from rose harvests to religious saints Tourists increasingly visiting festivals such as Maralal Camel Derby , in Kenya
NEW HAVEN , Connecticut  CNN  -- Police said Tuesday night they have a Yale University employee in custody in connection with the killing of Yale student Annie Le . Authorities took Yale University employee Raymond Clark into custody late Tuesday night . A judge has issued a search warrant and a body warrant on Raymond Clark , 24 , said New Haven , Connecticut , Police Chief James Lewis at a news conference . The search warrant allows for an examination of his home , Lewis said . The body warrant allows police to collect DNA from Clark , who will be arrested if he does not comply , Lewis said . Results of DNA tests could take a day or longer , according to Lewis . Others have voluntarily given up their DNA samples , he said . Earlier Tuesday , the Yale technician 's home in Middletown , Connecticut , was the scene of a large police presence . Investigators have collected about 150 pieces of evidence , reviewed about 700 hours of video and interviewed more than 150 people , some twice , Lewis said . They have yet to arrest anyone in Le 's slaying , whose body was found Sunday in a basement wall of a medical research building off campus . A senior police official that spoke with CNN disputed Yale University President Richard Levin , who had indicated that the suspect pool would be a "  limited number " of people who had been in the basement the day Le disappeared . "  We know everyone that was in the basement ... and we passed that on to police , " Levin said . "  There is an abundance of evidence . " Watch latest on person in custody " But the police official , whom CNN is not naming because of the sensitive nature of the ongoing investigation , said investigators believe dozens of people could have had access to that area of the building . Watch how Le 's body was found " Le , 24 , disappeared September 8 . She was last seen on surveillance video as she entered the four-story lab at 10 Amistad Street , about 10 blocks from the main campus . After going over hours of tapes , authorities said they had not found images of her leaving the building . Watch timeline leading up to Le 's death " The police official said that investigators were unlikely to make any arrest until DNA evidence is returned from analysis and that the probe could take days . Police have not released information on what DNA evidence may have been found , although investigators said earlier that bloody clothing was found hidden above tiles in a drop ceiling in another part of the building . Authorities have not described the clothes that were found , nor said to whom they might have belonged . Teams of investigators at a Connecticut State Police lab worked through the weekend processing and examining the bloodstained clothes . But Thomas Kaplan , editor in chief of the Yale Daily News , said a Yale police official told the paper that the clothes were not what Le was wearing when she entered the building . On Sunday , New Haven Police spokesman Joe Avery said that Le 's killing was not a random act but would not elaborate . Watch report on police saying killing was no random act " Le , a graduate student in Yale 's pharmacology program , was to have been married Sunday on New York 's Long Island to Jonathan Widawsky , a graduate student at Columbia University . Her friend Vanessa Flores said Le was overjoyed about getting married . "  She was just so excited about this wedding and everything from , you know , her flowers to her wedding dress and just certain details about it , " Flores told HLN 's Nancy Grace . "  We talked about this back in 2008 . She was already thinking about the weather , whether June , July was going to be too hot , August , so September , would it be nice ? " Watch Flores describe Le 's plans for "  her dream day " " Le was from Placerville , California , and seemed to have been well aware of the risks of crime in a university town . In February , she compared crime and safety at Yale with other Ivy League schools for a piece for B magazine , published by the medical school . Among the tips she offered : Keep a minimum amount on your person . When she walked over to the research building on September 8 , she left her purse , credit cards and cell phone in her office . CNN 's Tom Foreman , Mary Snow , Susan Candiotti , Katie Ross and LaNeice Collins contributed to this report .	NEW : Police get warrant to take DNA from Yale employee in slaying probe Yale student Annie Le 's body found in off-campus research building Sunday More than 150 people interviewed in case so far , senior police official tells CNN Official disputes Yale president 's characterization of suspect pool as "  limited "
EW.com  -- In "  Gravity , " George Clooney plays a veteran astronaut who looks amusingly like Buzz Lightyear , and Sandra Bullock is a medical engineer who is taking her first voyage into space and is having a hard time keeping her lunch down . They float around in the inky silent darkness , bobbing and gliding , with Earth spread out beneath them like a giant luminescent screensaver . Even when tethered to a spacecraft , the two are really out there , exhilaratingly and terrifyingly free . The miracle of the movie is the way that director Alfonso Cuarón , using special effects and 3-D with a nearly poetic simplicity and command , places the audience right up there in space along with them . Gravity is an awesome technological daydream of a movie , one that might be classified as science fiction , except that it is n't a futuristic fantasy . It 's a tale of disaster and grief and survival rooted in the possibilities of space travel as they exist today . Part of what makes the film so thrilling is that it gives its characters no easy outs . The famous 10-minute tracking shot in Cuarón 's "  Children of Men " was a bravura act of staging , yet watching it , you could tell that it was thought-out and choreographed . In Gravity , though , the director works in such an ingeniously flowing and sustained way that his images all but transcend the essential visual grammar of " the shot . " The camera glides through space , twirling and doubling back , following the characters through pod doors and into the cramped interiors of satellites and then out again , giving the entire movie the spontaneous feel of a single unbroken shot -- a free-floating galactic reverie . Sandra Bullock keeps defying ` Gravity ' with her career At the beginning we hear radio burbles of talk between the astronauts and Houston , and then , almost imperceptibly , a spacecraft drifts into view from the right side of the screen -- it 's a U.S. shuttle , and the astronauts are walking outside of it , attempting to repair a problem on the ship . You 'll surely be reminded of "  2001 : A Space Odyssey , " because what Cuarón echoes from Kubrick 's great film -- and what still seems eerily surreal in an outer-space movie -- is the creeping rhythm of space , the weightlessness that places everything in a trance , turning the action into moment-to-moment semi-slow motion , a feeling of life suspended . Simply as an out-of-this-world , zero-friction " ride , " "  Gravity " is unforgettable , yet the real essence of Cuarón 's achievement is that the film 's technical virtuosity and its emotional grip become one . Clooney 's Matt Kowalski and Bullock 's Ryan Stone are on a routine mission , but then there 's a bulletin from Houston . A Russian satellite has exploded , causing a chain reaction . A shower of debris is about to come flying right at them , so they must abort the mission . It 's too late , though : The debris hits them , full force  the 3-D places us right in the hurtling metal thick of it  , tearing the ship apart . Seconds later , there is no ship . They are lost in space . What Buzz Aldrin thinks of ` Gravity ' The ebb and flow of "  Gravity 's " story is deeply organic -- it seems to be making itself up as it goes along , and that 's how it hooks us . Yet what sustains our absorption is a rather tricky synthesis between our involvement in the characters ' plight and our head-scratching wonder at the matter-of-fact way that the film brings the physical realities of space to life : the sheer cosmic terror of it , the images of satellites cluttered with drifting matter , from chess rooks to tears . The actors are phenomenal . Clooney shows a haunting chivalry beneath his bluster , and Bullock is as desperate and resourceful and anxious and brave as Sigourney Weaver in the last half of Alien . When Stone wriggles , slowly , out of her space suit , we realize that we 're seeing a tale of rebirth , and Bullock 's acting attains a new purity . She floats through this movie yet grounds it , letting "  Gravity " connect with all of us these days who feel just a little adrift . Grade : A CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sandra Bullock and George Clooney star in "  Gravity " Reviewer says ebb and flow of the story is deeply organic EW gives it a grade of "  A "
Dropcam cameras are used to catch burglars , monitor cats and dogs and live-stream county fairs . The small , basic surveillance devices hook up to a wireless network and live stream video to phones and tablets , acting as an extra pair of eyes for the smartphone age . One person caught their dog on camera starting an apartment fire by turning on a stove . They called neighbors who saved the pyro puppy 's life and doused the flames . A 17-year-old , 40 pound sulcata tortoise named Franky records his daily wanderings around the pet store where he lives with a dropcam mounted on his shell . The gadget has taken off since it launched in 2009 because it is different from typical Web cameras or security systems . It 's designed to be dead simple for regular people to use . It can sense motion and sound and send alerts or e-mails when it detects someone or something moving around or making noise . Using a feature called Talkback , a person can easily talk through the camera -- say to yell at a dog to get off the couch . It even works in the dark . The videos are private and encrypted by default , but people can make a stream public . On Thursday , the company released a new version of its camera . The $ 199 Dropcam Pro still streams 720p video , but it has upgraded the camera 's lens , added a zoom feature , and given it a wider field of view to show more of a room .  The older version is still available for $ 149 . The device is primarily meant as a security camera for people to monitor their homes while they are at work or traveling . A Washington couple vacationing in Idaho caught a robber ransacking their home after getting a motion alert on the Dropcam iPhone app . People are putting them in multiple rooms around their houses and taking home security into their own hands instead of depending on alarms . Traditional home security systems are n't as accessible to home owners and have limited uses outside of the bad events they catch on video . Home security is just the start . Quirky uses are part of Dropcam 's DNA . "  It all really did start out with my dad trying to catch a neighbor who was letting his dog poop in his yard , " said CEO and co-founder Greg Duffy . His tech-savvy dad tried to set up a surveillance camera to catch the mystery visitor using the IP cameras available at the time , but he ran into glitches and technical issues . Duffy decided to make a simple camera that anyone could use and watch . "  Making something really easy to use is actually much more difficult than making something complex , " Duffy said . The timing was perfect . The recent spread of high-speed broadband and mobile devices that act as pocket-sized video viewers left an opening for a device that automatically streamed videos to Android and iOS apps . The apps are a big part of what makes the cameras so appealing . On average , iPhone and iPad users log in to watch their Dropcam streams for more than five minutes a day , according to Duffy . In a given week , 40 % of all Dropcam owners use the Talkback feature . While it 's free to download the app and watch the live videos , not every action can be caught live . Dropcam offers a paid service for people who want to access the last seven or 30 days of video recordings . It 's turned out to be a savvy business plan . About 40 % of Dropcam owners sign up for the cloud service , which costs between $ 10 and $ 30 a month . The company does n't release sales numbers , but Duffy says its service takes in more videos than YouTube . Dropcam has big plans for the future . It 's beta testing a new artificial intelligence feature that will pick up on patterns from individual streams , learning about a scene over time . Duffy also thinks cameras will play an integral part in the coming wave of connected homes . The new Dropcam Pro camera has added Bluetooth LE  low energy  support so it can connect to other smart devices in your home . It will open the door to even more creative Dropcam uses . A Dropcam could be linked to lights or used to turn on a television , or a pet with a location tag could be tracked and recorded across multiple cameras . Dropcam users will no doubt get very creative .	Dropcam is a simple surveillance camera that streams live videos The company released a new camera that has a wider field of view and a better lens The product is a hit with pet owners , who can use the voice feature to scold from afar
CNN  -- For two weeks in 1976 , Nadia Comaneci was probably the most recognizable person on the planet . Comaneci scored seven perfect 10s in Montreal in 1976 . Just 14-years-old and standing less than five feet tall , the elfin Romanian was the undisputed star of that year 's Games in Montreal after becoming the first gymnast in history to score a perfect 10 . Comaneci finished up with three gold medals and -- just to prove that her initial effort had been no fluke -- seven perfect scores . Her initial performance on the uneven parallel bars was greeted with uproar as the three-digit scoreboard , struggling to cope with what had been considered an unachievable feat , flashed up 1.00 . Comaneci finished with four perfect 10s and the gold medal on the bars , but it was on the balance beam , one of gymnastics ' most dangerous disciplines , that Comaneci truly dazzled . Seemingly fearless , Comaneci pirouetted and back-flipped her way to two more perfect 10s and her second gold . Her final perfect score came in the floor routine as she also collected first place in the overall competition . Comaneci 's transformation into an international celebrity -- she appeared on the front covers of Time , Newsweek and Sports Illustrated in the same week -- had been as unexpected as it was sudden . Yet Comaneci had been working towards the Olympics ever since she had been picked out as a gymnast of rare talents as a six-year-old growing up in the industrial town of Onesti . The reality of life as an Olympic champion at home in Nicolae Ceausescu 's Romania however , was not easy . Constant surveillance Comaneci was honored as a Hero of Socialist Labor on her return home , yet the regime -- terrified that Comaneci would defect after enjoying her taste of western celebrity -- kept its greatest star under constant surveillance . Four years later , a very different Comaneci returned to Olympic competition in Moscow . As an 18-year-old , she was four inches taller , 20 pounds heavier and suffering from sciatica -- a teenage starlet already starting to fade . Still , Comaneci was able to retain her gold medal on the balance beam , and collected another one in the floor exercises . But she was also involved in one of the bitterest incidents of the Games when she was controversially beaten in the all-round competition by the Soviet gymnast Yelena Davydova . It took the judges 28 minutes to decide the result and , ultimately , it was a lower score from the Soviet judge -- perhaps reflecting the worsening relations between the Soviet Union and its formerly loyal satellite -- that denied Comaneci her second straight gold in the event . Comaneci retired in 1984 , traveling to Los Angeles that year as a team coach , yet she found it difficult to adjust to a life out of the spotlight . In 1989 , a few weeks before the collapse of the Ceausescu regime , she defected to the United States , finally settling in Norman , Oklahoma to run a gymnastics school after marrying U.S. gymnastics star Bart Conner in 1996 . In 2000 Comaneci was named as one of the athletes of the century by the Laureus World Sports Academy . E-mail to a friend	Olympic gymnast record : 5 gold medals , 3 silver medals , 1 bronze medal The first gymnast in history to score a perfect 10 Comaneci was honored as a Hero of Socialist Labor Gymnast born on November 12 , 1961 in Onesti , Romania
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic and Boris Becker 's working relationship got off to a smooth start as the world No. 1 advanced to the second round of the Australian Open . A winner of the Melbourne grand slam in four of the last six years , top seed Djokovic extended his current winning run to 25 matches with a 6-3 7-6  7-2  6-1 defeat of Slovakia 's Lukas Lacko . It was the first official match the Serb has played since Becker , a six-time grand slam winner , began work as part of Djokovic 's coach team . They may have only been together for a short time , but Djokovic and Becker have already developed a unique way of communication . "  We speak half English , half German , " Djokovic , who has won 22 consecutive matches in Melbourne , told reporters . "  When we need to speak about serious , serious stuff , we turn to English . "  My knowledge of the German language needs to be updated for the serious stuff . "  But he has accepted my kind request to speak to me in German as much as he can because I would like to refresh my knowledge . I used to speak it . " Third seed David Ferrer took advantage of Monday 's kinder conditions to dispatch Colombia 's Alejandro Gonzalez 6-3 6-4 6-4 . With temperatures predicted to soar above 100 degrees Fahrenheit on Tuesday , last year 's semifinalist Ferrer was glad to have secured a second round meeting with Frenchman Adrian Mannarino . "  The conditions , well , it was very hot , sure , " said the Spaniard . "  I prefer not too hot , but I think everybody prefers that . I know here in Australia every year it is hot . I know tomorrow it is going to be hotter . " On a day when the top seeds dominated , No. 7 Tomas Berdych cruised past Kazakhstan 's Aleksandr Nedovyesova . "  I was able to keep with my -LSB- game -RSB- plan , which was really to be focused on my game and play consistent from the beginning , " Czech Republic 's Berdych said after his 6-3 6-4 6-3 triumph . "  That 's what I did all through the match . I did n't have any ups and downs . That was a quite solid win . " Ninth seed Richard Gasquet overcame fellow Frenchman David Guez 7-5 6-4 6-1 to record his 350th win on the ATP World Tour . Next up for Gasquet is Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko , who emerged victorious from a five-set battle with Poland 's Lukasz Kubot . World No. 8 Stanislas Wawrinka benefited from the withdrawal of Kazakhstan 's Andrey Golubev . The Swiss is confident of bettering his performance at last year 's event when he reached the fourth round . "  I was feeling good , " said Wawrinka , who was leading 6-4 4-1 when Golubev was forced to stop . "  I think it 's one of the best starts in a grand slam if I look about my game and how I felt on the court . "  I was moving well , playing strong , playing okay . I made some mistakes , but the first match is never easy . But I 'm really happy with the way I started . "	Novak Djokovic safely into the second round of the Australian Open Djokovic 's win over Lukas Lacko was his first official match with new coach Boris Becker Third seed David Ferrer beats Colombia 's Alejandro Gonzalez in straight sets Tomas Berdych , Richard Gasquet and Stanislas Wawrinka also through
CNN  -- A raging blaze at a fuel storage complex in Puerto Rico lit up the night sky Friday near San Juan as firefighters battled to keep it from spreading further . iReporter Maria Marquez photographed the flames early Friday from the 17th floor of her San Juan condominium . Fifteen of the 40 tanks at the Caribbean Petroleum Corp. facility in the city of Bayamon were ablaze more than 19 hours after an explosion of unknown origin rocked the complex , Gov. Luis Fortuno said at an evening news conference . The governor had put the tally at 11 a few hours earlier . "  I do n't think there 's ever been a fire like this in Puerto Rico , " Fire Lt. Jose Atorre told CNN affiliate WLII-TV . The fire started shortly after midnight , when at least one fuel tank exploded . Residents described a surreal scene after the blast woke them from their sleep and shattered windows miles away . "  I was in bed and all of a sudden heard this really horrible sound , so I ran upstairs and thought the whole town had blown up , " said Teo Freytes , who filed an iReport for CNN . "  The explosion blew out windows here in Old San Juan , " he said . "  It 's still burning outrageously . " Others woke up Friday morning to an extremely unusual sight . "  I did n't expect to see a mushroom cloud from my house , " said Justin Gehrke , a U.S. Army civilian employee who also filed an iReport . Fortuno said he declared a state of emergency for the area so Puerto Rico can get aid from the Federal Emergency Management Agency . The storage and refinery complex sits near San Juan 's bay , and Fortuno said officials are working to protect the water from being affected . "  We have serious worries that the bay or other bodies of water could be contaminated , " he said . Caribbean Petroleum 's Web site says the complex has storage facilities for gasoline and gasoline-related products . "  We have been monitoring the water visually and we have installed preventive pads and other material to contain a spill , " said Pedro Nieves , chairman of the Puerto Rico Environmental Quality Board . "  No oil has reached the water . " But Nieves said that Caribbean Petroleum has a history of spills and "  there was potential that it had contaminated ground water . " He said he did not have any specifics on hand and that his organization was more focused on containing the current problem of fire and smoke . The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency did not immediately return calls about the company 's environmental history . Newspaper and TV reports said a 4-inch pipe from a lagoon on the complex was broken , preventing firefighters from using 2 million gallons of water from the lake to battle the blaze . About 150 area firefighters and 215 National Guard personnel were battling to keep the blaze from spreading . One person suffered smoke inhalation and was taken to a hospital , Fortuno said . At least 350 people were evacuated to a nearby stadium . iReport.com : See , share , send images of the explosion The smoke can be toxic for people with breathing conditions and officials have asked nearby residents to stay away , the governor said . "  This is a tremendous amount of smoke , and fire contains all kinds of irritants and this is oil that is burning , " said Mary Mears , spokeswoman for the Environmental Protection Agency region that includes Puerto Rico . "  It 's smoke , so you 're going to notice coughing , tearing , maybe a sore throat . " The wind shifted to the north Friday morning , blowing most of the smoke over less-populated areas and the Atlantic Ocean . The smoke plume also is rising 5,000 feet straight up before starting to drift , which keeps it away from people on the ground . "  The average air quality for Puerto Rico is still good , " Nieves said . But the wind was expected to change Saturday morning , blowing the smoke over a large part of the island west of the fire . Officials also are concerned that rain mixed with the smoke could lead to acid rain . Authorities urged residents to bring in animals and their food and for people not to go out during or after any precipitation . The National Guard Combat Support Team was helping to monitor air quality and local environmental officials were working with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to install monitors near the blaze . Officials will investigate the cause of the blaze . Puerto Rico is a U.S. protectorate , which means federal officials are involved . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms sent a team of fire investigators , but have yet to determine whether the fire was an accident or set deliberately , said Orlando Felix , ATF Resident Agent in Charge of the Puerto Rico office . The FBI confirmed it is investigating graffiti found on two San Juan tunnels that referred to a fire . A spray-painted message on the two tunnels , less than three miles apart , said : "  Boom , fire , RIP , Gulf , Soul , ACNF . " "  We have found graffiti in two different locations , " FBI Special Agent Harry Rodriguez told CNN . "  We are looking into the matter as part of this investigation with respect to the fire at the fuel-holding facility . " Rodriguez and San Juan police spokeswoman Maria Del Pilar Bon said they did not know what or who ACNF is . Caribbean Petroleum owns the Gulf Oil brand in Puerto Rico . Speaking at a news conference Friday afternoon , Fortuno said all leads must be followed . "  There could be many reasons -LSB- for the fire -RSB- , " he said . "  We 're not going to guess . But there has to be an investigation . " Caribbean Petroleum , which owns 200 gas stations in Puerto Rico and several inland distribution facilities , supplies much of the island 's fuel . But Department of Consumer Affairs Secretary Luis Rivera Marin said there is enough fuel on hand for 24 days , and 16 million gallons of gasoline were in transit to the island . He also froze prices at the level they were at 8:06 a.m. Officials transferred 295 inmates from a high-security prison in the area to other facilities , which they declined to identify for security purposes . Another 1,600 prisoners were moved from another nearby facility . Some 200 extra prison officials were brought in to handle the transfers , Fortuno said . Watch iReporter 's account of the blast and fire " Video on WLII showed a caravan of white vans with sirens blaring transferring the prisoners , San Juan police said they activated all units : explosives , transit , tactical operations and SWAT . Schools in Bayamon , San Juan , Toa Baja and Catano were closed , as was Puerto Rico Road 28 . Roads 5 and 22 were partially closed . Flights in and out of Luis Munoz Marin International Airport in San Juan were not affected , an airport official told CNN . CNN 's Jackie Castillo and Khadijah Rentas contributed to this report .	NEW : Crews battled into the night to contain a massive fuel depot fire in Puerto Rico Complex sits near San Juan 's bay , causing worries the water could be affected One person injured , 350 evacuated near San Juan , Puerto Rico iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , videos of the flames
CNN  -- No one imagined a thin sheet of ice could wreak this much havoc . Paralyzed by the glaze and gridlock , countless drivers in the Deep South spent the night shivering in their cars , unable to get home after more than half a day ... and counting . Here are some of their stories : Stuck en route to a funeral Tammy Jocelyn was on a journey she did n't want to have to make -- she was en route to a funeral when her Greyhound bus stopped cold on an Atlanta interstate Tuesday night . As of twelve hours later , Jocelyn and other passengers were still stuck on the bus . "  I really hope I make it up there in time , " the Jacksonville , Florida , woman told CNN Wednesday morning . "  This is n't something I 've ever experienced . " She 's not sure where she is , just that she was on I-75 heading north when traffic stopped moving at 10 p.m. "  There are hundreds , maybe thousands of motorists with me , " Jocelyn said . "  You look out the window and see people in the middle of the interstate sleeping in their cars . " The mood on the bus is calm , despite there being no food or water on board , she said . Jocelyn still has a long way to go ; her final destination is Chicago . "  The weather is clear . That 's the worst part about it . The sun will melt the snow before anyone comes to save us . " Children stuck in schools , on buses Desperation and kindness In the 12 hours that Ashley McCants contended with the ice and traffic , her SUV careened into a ditch twice . It took her five hours to pick up her son from school . They spent another seven hours in the car , trying to get to their Atlanta home several miles away . The day dragged into night . Finally , the sight of a nine-car wreck sent her over the edge . "  At that very moment , I thought , you know what , I need help -- I ca n't do this anymore . I need to get home . " So she vented her frustration on Facebook , and friends directed her to the page SnowedOutAtlanta . Within hours of the storm , more than 25,000 people joined the Facebook group to connect the stranded with those who might be able to provide shelter or supplies . "  I actually had a very nice , sweet family that took my son and I in , " McCants said . But to get to that home , she had to carry her 5-year-old son about 2 miles across the snow and ice . "  My big takeaway is do n't give up . I sat in this traffic for 12 hours . It was all about faith and believing , " McCants said . "  There are good people all over the city no matter what . There were so many people willing to help me and my son , and I feel so blessed to be taken in by this family , even though it was a brutal day . " Thousands stranded for hours Awake for 27 hours In his almost 20 years of being a truck driver , Greg Shrader has never been in a pickle quite like this . He had been stuck on Interstate 20 west of Atlanta for 23 hours and counting , as of noon Wednesday . The trucker from Maine said he had given up on getting to Alabama , where he was supposed to pick up a load of cars from a Mercedes plant . All he wanted was somewhere safe to pull over and take a nap -- he had been up for 27 hours straight . "  You do n't want to go to sleep in the truck because if traffic moves , you 're part of the problem , " Shrader said . When he heard CNN 's interview with Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed on the radio , he said he "  almost lost my mind . " The mayor blamed the city 's gridlock on decisions by schools and businesses to send people home at the same time . "  I 've hauled cars for 18 years , 48 states and Canada . I have never been failed by officials like I have here , " he said . "  Still no equipment , no well-being check . No plan . I guess we 're waiting for it to melt . " At least for now Shrader has snacks . He has been snacking on Planter 's peanuts he happened to have in his cab , he said . Was Atlanta asleep at the wheel ? Sleeping outside Taco Bell Mariano Castillo left work Tuesday afternoon . By midnight , he gave up and called it a night outside a Taco Bell . "  Nine hours in traffic and barely halfway home from the office , " said Castillo , an editor at CNN . "  Some stretches of highway looked like a vehicle graveyard , abandoned cars and stranded big rigs at irregular intervals . " During those hours , he witnessed acts of selflessness . "  I saw good Samaritans who helped ladies get up after a fall or push cars whose tires squealed with effort to grip the road . Others , I could tell , would not bend a finger to aid anyone if it meant giving up an inch of road . "  At one particularly gridlocked stretch , folks were able to leave their cars and walk to a CVS for supplies . You definitely were in the ` in ' crowd tonight if you held your plastic CVS bag and its treasures like a designer handbag . ... Even I found myself looking hungrily at those with the plastic bags . " Then getting home was no longer a priority . Getting food was . "  I have given up my stubborn plan to make it home and have a cup of hot cocoa no matter the time , " he said . "  I found a 24-hour Taco Bell , spent my last $ 5 on a quesadilla and am closing my eyes in my trusty RAV4 . I wonder what I will awake to . " Missing family members Ana Maria Martinez said some of her relatives were still missing Wednesday morning . "  We have n't heard from our cousin and her two daughters since yesterday at 7 . ... Their cell phones died , " Martinez said . "  They 're in a dark blue Audi A6 . ... The girls are 5 and 14 . ... We would love to hear from someone who may have seen them to make sure they are OK . " Tonya Derr Buchter can relate to the agony . "  Thirteen  hours and still no word on my son , " she said on Facebook . "  Hang in there everyone  it 's  been tough . " Pregnant and stranded "  Nine  months pregnant on Thornton Road and Factory Shoals . Have n't eaten since 10 a.m. yesterday . Ca n't move my car due to the ice , " Regina E. Coley wrote Wednesday morning on SnowedOutAtlanta . "  I tried calling for an ambulance but there 's a major accident and they ca n't get down to me .  M  y car is out of gas and I 'm starting to get cold , dehydrated and hungry . Please help !! " Cathi Milanes was one of the many Atlantans who offered up her home . "  I live right on the corner of two major highways , so I figured I was in a convenient location , " Milanes said . "  I had an extra room and a bed , so it was a no-brainer to help . " By midnight , no one had taken up her offer -- in part because some could n't reach her home . One man got in an accident during the storm and injured his knee , Milanes said . "  His sister posted  about  him -- he was literally walking distance from my place , " Milanes said . But because of his injury , "  he could n't walk to me if he tried . " Fortunately , she said , another good Samaritan picked up the injured man and took him home . CNN 's Faith Karimi , Katie Hawkins-Gaar , Daphne Sashin and Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	More than 25,000 people join a Facebook group to connect the stranded in metro Atlanta Mom on road for 12 hours before she and son find refuge with family Some report relatives missing after night on the road
CNN  -- While a Russian-flagged vessel remains stuck in Antarctic ice , recently discovered photo negatives remind us this cold continent has been stopping explorers in their tracks for a century . New Zealand 's Antarctic Heritage Trust found the negatives in an expedition hut from Capt. Robert Falcon Scott 's failed 1912 quest to become the first man to reach the South Pole . The photos were taken during Ernest Shackleton 's 1914-1917 Ross Sea Party , another failed exploration whose members were forced to live in Scott 's hut after their ship blew out to sea . The cellulose nitrate negatives were found clumped together in a small box in the darkroom of Herbert Ponting , Scott 's expedition photographer , the trust said . The trust took the negatives to New Zealand , where they were separated to reveal 22 images . Many images were damaged , but the trust says it was able to recognize landmarks around McMurdo Sound . It 's unknown who took the photos . Scott was a British explorer who became famous during what historians call the Heroic Age of Antarctic Exploration . He arrived at the South Pole in January 1912 to discover his rival , Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen , had beaten him to the spot by an estimated 33 days . Scott and several comrades died in March 1912 during the return journey . Several years later , Shackleton attempted the first land crossing of Antarctica from the Weddell Sea to the Ross Sea via the South Pole , according to the Museum Victoria website . Ten members of the group were stranded when their ship , the Aurora , blew out to sea and they were forced to live in Scott 's hut . Three men died before they were rescued in 1916 . Nigel Watson , Antarctic Heritage Trust 's executive director , said the new photos are a historic treasure . "  It 's an exciting find and we are delighted to see them exposed after a century , " Watson said .	Negatives discovered in explorer Robert Scott 's 1912 expedition hut Photos taken during Ernest Shackleton 's 1914-1917 Ross Sea Party Some of Shackleton 's group stayed in the hut when ship blew out to sea New Zealand 's Antarctic Heritage Trust announces the find
WIRED  -- A radio without any knobs . A bathroom where a clear display wirelessly streams vital statistics on your health . And a user interface that takes brain waves and translates them into commands for a computer . These are some of the products in development by Cambridge Consultants , a product design and development company . It showed off some of its latest inventions at a daylong event last week in Cambridge , Massachusetts . Check out these sweet ideas , many of which are set to hit retail shelves in the next few weeks . Cube Radio As devices become more complex to use , designers are striving for simplicity in form . The Q2 Cube internet radio tries to innovate in terms of how users can interact with it . It 's the first dial-free radio , say Cambridge Consultants and the Armour Group , which co-developed it . The cube-shaped device lets users choose radio stations or change the volume by moving the device itself . To select one of the four pre-set radio stations , turn the Cube onto one of its ` faces . ' Tilting it forward turns the volume up , and tilting it backwards turns it down . The device took about nine months to develop from concept to prototype . Though pricing for it has not yet been announced , the Cube is expected to be available in some retail stores in the U.K. in time for Christmas . Implantable Antenna Patient care is set to go beyond the doctor 's office . New low-power wireless technologies make it possible to implant monitoring devices in people 's bodies , to help keep an eye on blood pressure , metabolism and other vital statistics . But one of the challenges of these new wireless devices is designing a suitable antenna that can operate within the human body where fat , muscle and skin tissue create challenging conditions for wireless signals . This implantable antenna uses the 402-405MHz Medical Implant Communications Service  MICS  frequency band . Combined with a custom integrated chip or a system on a chip , device makers can use the antenna in pacemakers , neurostimulation devices , and swallowable imaging and diagnostic systems . Connected Patient There 's no dearth of health and fitness equipment , from the basic digital scale to sophisticated heart and blood pressure monitors . But most of these devices work independently with no easy way to share the data or discern patterns in it . Now picture the bathroom of the future , where these devices can talk to each other and wirelessly stream information onto a single screen . It 's easy to do it with the Bluetooth Health Device Profile and the IEEE Personal Health Data specification . In the past , communication between medical devices was based on ad-hoc and proprietary standards , which offered limited or no interoperability . The latest Bluetooth and IEEE standards developed specifically for medical use changes that . For a user , it means , a better overall picture of your fitness and medical information . Mind Control Taking brain waves and translating them directly into computer commands is a hot new area in user interface design . The idea is to help individuals who are completely paralyzed communicate without having to have surgery to implant electrodes in the brain . Earlier brain control interface systems have been expensive , but engineers have been working to improve accuracy and bring costs down . The interface has three primary hardware components and several pieces of specialized software . A mesh cap holds small sensor electrodes firmly against the user 's head . An amplifier is connected to the electrodes and is used to boost the minute analog signals , measured in microvolts , that are received from the surface of the scalp . The signals are then converted into a digital signal and analyzed by signal processing software running on a PC . Two monitors are connected to the PC , one for the caregiver interface and one for the user interface . The big challenges here are developing a sensor cap that is comfortable and can be positioned accurately on the head by an untrained person . Positioning deviations from session to session of more than a few millimeters can dramatically affect the accuracy of the system . The entire system is currently expected to cost about $ 5,000 for a patient , although researchers say they are trying to bring that down . Through-the-Wall Radar Police officers and special forces covet the ability to "  see " through walls as they mount rescue or military operations . The Prism 200 is a tiny handheld radar scanner that provides intelligence on the movement and location of people in a room or building . It works through brick and concrete walls and is sensitive enough to pick up breathing . Users of the radar can switch between front , plan and profile views for a complete picture . It can also be remotely monitored . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Product development company Cambridge Consultants shows off its gadgets Many of these are set to hit retail shelves in the next few weeks Engineers are working to improve accuracy and lower costs on brain control Police officers and special forces covet the ability to "  see " through walls
CNN  -- Workers have walked off the job at one of the world 's largest shoe factories , leading apparel maker Adidas to temporarily shift its production . As many as 50,000 employees are on strike at Yue Yuen Industrial , a major Adidas and Nike supplier in the southern Chinese city of Dongguan . Activists say it 's one of China 's largest worker strikes ever . "  This is a result of the long-term exploitation of this big enterprise , " said Suki Chung , the executive director of Hong Kong nonprofit Labor Action China . "  Workers ' demands are very clear . " Strikers say that they are not being paid the full amount of social insurance and housing benefits owed to them . Additionally , they say their work contracts are fraudulent , preventing them from enrolling their children in local schools . The factory offered last weekend to recalculate its social insurance and housing benefit payments to workers , but did not offer new contracts . The strikers refused the offer . Adidas responds Adidas spokeswoman Katja Schreiber said the company was moving some of its future orders from Yue Yuen Dongguan to its other suppliers . "  At the same time , we 'd like to point out that we are not pulling out of the Yue Yuen factory in Dongguan and we have no plans to do so , " she said . Nike spokesman Greg Rossiter said the company was in touch with factory management , but did not say whether the company would move production to other facilities . Teresa Cheng , an organizer with the International Union League for Brand Responsibility , slammed Adidas for moving some of its orders . "  This is the typical behavior of Adidas , " she said . "  Adidas systematically withdraws its orders and moves them to factories with more exploitative conditions , essentially punishing workers who dare to stand up to sweatshop abuse . " To support strikers at Yue Yuen , Cheng 's group has organized protests at Adidas and Nike stores in Tapei , Hong Kong , Istanbul , Los Angeles , New York City , and Melbourne . China 's massive manufacturing sector has slowed in recent months , and many companies have shifted production to China 's inland provinces or countries with cheaper labor . According to Suki Chung , workers in southern China are now worried about long-term job security , leading them to ask for more than just higher wages . "  Workers are in a very insecure position , " she said . "  They are paranoid they will lose their jobs . If they do n't fight at the moment , the factory could be gone very soon . " Activist detained Zhang Zhiru , a labor rights activist who aided the strike and advised workers , was detained by state security agents Tuesday for two days . "  They took my phone and did n't allow me to contact anyone , " he said . "  I think they released me because of outside pressure , saying it was illegal for them to detain me . " Despite the incident , Zhang vowed to press on . "  I prepared myself to face these sorts of things when I decided to protect the rights of the public , " he said . "  If the workers ask me for help again , I will still help them . " CNN Beijing interns Qi Zhang and Lucrieza Su contributed reporting .	As many as 50,000 employees are striking at major Adidas and Nike factory Adidas is moving future orders to other suppliers in response to strike Protesters are targeting Adidas , Nike stores around the world
CNN  -- The shoe company Nike has terminated its contract with Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun , the company said Friday , nearly two weeks after the five-time All Star was suspended for violating Major League Baseball 's drug policy . Nike did not provide a statement explaining its decision to drop Braun , the 2011 National League MVP . Still , the decision is n't altogether surprising given Commissioner Bud Selig 's announcement on July 22 that it was suspending Braun without pay for 65 days -- which worked out to the rest of the 2013 season . Opinion : Do n't let baseball 's dopes spoil the game The 29-year-old apologized and admitted wrongdoing in a statement , though neither he nor Selig went into specifics . "  I am not perfect , " Braun said . "  I realize now that I have made some mistakes . I am willing to accept the consequences of those actions . He 'd faced a 50-game suspension last fall after a drug test showed high levels of testosterone in his body . But that suspension was overturned after Braun successfully challenged the testing process . The latest suspension has already hurt Braun 's image , and his wallet . Before Nike took action , Kwik Trip severed ties with the 2007 rookie of the year , according to the convenience store chain spokesman John McHugh . Kwik Trip drops Ryan Braun Read more : MLB can sue Florida clinic that allegedly gave players PEDs CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Ryan Braun was suspended for violating the Major Leagues ' drug policy Nike joins Kwik Trip in severing ties with the Milwaukee Brewers outfielder After being suspended for 65 games , Braun apologized and said , "  I 'm not perfect "
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- In a few short days , JetBlue flight attendant Steven Slater has achieved folk-hero status . He 's the man who allegedly cursed out a disruptive passenger over the on-board public address system , then opened an aircraft door , inflating the emergency chute in the process . He grabbed a beer from a service cart and slid down , effectively saying "  Ba-bye " to his 20-year flying career . Slater 's exit created a danger to ramp workers and could earn him a prison stay . Nevertheless , his actions call attention to escalating tensions between flight attendants and the passengers they serve . They also highlight a little known issue that 's a big problem for flight attendants . For the last 25 years , I 've worked as a flight attendant for a large U.S. carrier . Many times I 've been in Slater 's position : A passenger opens the overhead bin to retrieve a carry-on bag before the captain says the plane has safely reached the gate .  For safety reasons , attendants are trained to make sure passengers stay in their seats , overhead bins remain closed and carry-on bags are properly stowed "  until the aircraft reaches the gate and the captain turns off the fasten seat belt sign . " Most offenders are simply eager to get off a cramped airplane and willingly sit down when asked . But occasionally -- as was possibly the case with the passenger Slater responded to -- some passengers think the rules do n't apply to them . I 've been glared at , verbally abused , threatened with lawsuits and recriminations from God simply because I asked a passenger to comply with the rules . Herein lies the problem . What exactly are the rules ? Why do they seem different from one flight to the next ? And what authority do flight attendants have when it comes to enforcing them ? The answer to that last and most compelling question is "  zero . " Contrary to what you may think , flight attendants have absolutely no authority aboard an aircraft . We are not police officers or security personnel . We are not empowered by law to enforce airline policy , FAA regulation or criminal mischief . We ca n't force noncompliant passengers to buckle their seat belts , stow their tray tables , turn off cell phones , put away pornographic magazines  yes , it happens  or stay in their seats until the plane docks . All we can do is approach the passenger , explain "  the rules " and hope they comply . Failing that , the only recourse is to call the captain , who , depending on his or her disposition , may not address the problem adequately . Consequently , flight attendants often find themselves between a rock and a hard place . It 's frustrating when your employer demands that you impose policy without giving you the means to do so . Perhaps this is why Slater snapped . While I disagree with the manner in which he vented , like Chris Rock says , "  I understand . " As far as carry-on bags are concerned , the rules , which are seemingly clear but not uniformly enforced , are a major point of contention between passengers and crew . Most carriers limit each passenger to one carry-on bag and one personal item  i.e. laptop bag , small backpack , etc.  . But does a woman 's large purse qualify as personal item ? Is she therefore allowed three items when a man is only allowed two ? Are passengers allowed more carry-ons on half-empty flights ? This seems reasonable , given the abundance of space in which to stow bags , which is why some attendants and gate agents turn a blind eye to a passenger with too many bags on an empty flight . But when that same passenger tries to board a full connecting flight with four bags and is forced to check two in the cargo hold , he may protest vehemently . "  Hey , they let me bring these on my last flight , why wo n't you ? I 'm never flying this # & * @ ! $ * airline again ! " I 've heard this so often and so loudly I 've become numb to the allegation . The only way to mitigate passenger-employee conflict and ensure smooth flying is to impose a uniform airline code that begins at the check-in desk and ends at the luggage carousel . Passengers should be allowed no more than two carry-on bags on every flight ; ticket agents should check ALL other bags . If your tweezers are allowed through security at O'Hare , those same tweezers should be allowed through security on your way home from JFK . Disruptive passengers should be blacklisted and banned from future flying . And any flight attendant who takes it upon himself to open an emergency exit and slide down the chute because a foul-mouthed passenger wo n't follow the rules , well ... he might find that behavior is not much better in a prison cell .	Elliot Hester says he gets why Slater blew up , made dangerous emergency chute exit He says he 's faced similar situations with passengers who think rules do n't apply to them But airline rules are uneven , he says , and attendants have no power to enforce them Hester : Airlines should have uniform code that begins at check-in , ends at baggage claim
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Oooooooshie the clown knows the instant effect he has on patients . The Lev Leytzan clowns perform for children and patients in hospitals to spread laughter and joy . "  When you walk out of a room hearing people laugh and smile , you hear them talking about it , " said the clown , whose real name is Asher Mechanic . He entertains children and patients as part of a clown troupe in New York called Compassionate Clown Alley , bringing laughter to those in hospitals . "  It 's the spreading of giving from one person to another , like a chain reaction , " Mechanic said . The clown organization is also known as Lev Leytzan , a name derived from the program 's roots working with Jewish youth . In Hebrew , lev means heart , and leytzan is a clown , so the translation is "  The Heart of the Clown . " Watch the clowns talk about their work . " "  Lev Leytzan allows me to take -LSB- something -RSB- scary and mundane for the patient and into something exciting beautiful and playful , " said the group 's founder , Dr. Neal Goldberg , a Woodmere , New York-based clinical psychologist . For the last two and half years , the clowns have been bringing cheer to the patients at the South Nassau Communities Hospital . "  The patients get satisfaction from having some sunshine coming to them in the hospital , " said Phyllis Citera , director of volunteer services at the hospital . "  Sundays at the hospital are typically quiet , especially for those patients who do n't have visitors stopping by . The clowns especially cheer them up . " A positive approach empowers people who are ill , said Goldberg , who works with children , teenagers and young adults . Six years ago , while working on a bereavement project , he realized he was making a clown of himself and others in an effort to help people cope with pain . He wondered what would distract the patients from their pain and bring joy . Inspired by the work of Dr. Patch Adams , who was portrayed by Robin Williams in the 1998 film "  Patch Adams , " Goldberg thought of running a similar program in which he and others could bring joy to people in orphanages , hospitals and retirement homes using the same whimsical approach . Goldberg researched the subject before putting on a red nose and trying out therapeutic clowning for himself . "  I found it powerful in terms of my own growth and freedom of expression and creativity , and thought it would be something wonderful and powerful to bring back to the community , to teens in particular , " he said . Goldberg 's clowns range from 13 to 22 years old and say they find it both empowering and humbling . "  As a clown , you get more than you give , " said Dassy Newman , a former clown . "  You ca n't hold back , you have to give it all . You have to give your heart , your soul , your energy , everything . It 's the most exhausting thing you 've ever done , but at the same time it 's the most exhilarating . " Dr. Carolyn Fein-Levy , a pediatric oncologist at Schneider Children 's Hospital in New Hyde Park , New York , said Goldberg 's clowns provide relief to the patients . "  Whenever the clowns are around , the children are happier , " Fein-Levy said . "  When they are happier , their parents enjoy watching them . They recapture their childhoods lost as a result of being sick . Clowns are a good distraction and it helps them feel normal . Nothing is more important for them than feeling normal , because their lives are not normal while going through therapy . " She also teaches an oncology class to the Lev Leytzan clowns . "  It adds another dimension to their training and gives them an overview and an understanding to know what it 's like to be a kid with cancer , " she said . Fein-Levy also draws from her own experience , having survived ovarian cancer as a child after a year of chemotherapy . "  I teach in the clown school but I 'm not worried about patients being harmed , " she said . "  I 'm more worried about harm for clowns because it 's hard to see sick children . Some of the clowns have never really seen illness , and they can be afraid , and that 's OK . " Clowning might be assumed to be all fun and games , but Goldberg takes the work very seriously . "  Some of the kids may have told you there 's intense amounts of hours of training and rehearsals with doctors and clowns and debriefings , " he said . Ultimately , Goldberg said , the goal of Lev Leytzan is to "  change people 's worlds , create worlds for people that need it , and to help people play . " He does it all under the mantra of "  serious clowning , a story behind every smile . "	Clown group Lev Leytzan gets name from working with Jewish youth . Founder says he was inspired by Dr. Patch Adams to bring joy to patients Clowns who perform for patients say experience is humbling Mantra of group is "  serious clowning , a story behind every smile "
CNN  -- At least 16 people were killed and 22 injured when a suicide bomber driving an explosive-laden car detonated near a car dealership in a town northeast of Baghdad , police said . Balad Ruz is a mixed town of Arab , Kurd and Turkmen residents , located in Diyala province . Violence was also reported in Baghdad , where shootings and explosions were blamed for six deaths and injuries to more than 20 others , police in the capital said .	The attack occurred northeast of Baghdad Balad Ruz is a mixed town of Arab , Kurd and Turkmen residents
CNN  The protected Bay of Pemba in northern Mozambique may look like a sea of tranquility , but this area is surging with change . As boats bob just outside the port terminal dedicated to oil and gas companies , commercial divers check the welds and make sure the barges are ship shape . One of them is Cremildo Marsena . "  To become a diver is something that I had as a dream , " he says . "  It 's good money , which makes me happy ... Mozambicans love the sea and we have to stand up and try to make money when it 's the time to make money . " In Pemba , the time to make money is now . Major gas reserves have been identified off the coast and big multinationals , who started drilling in 2010 , have started to transform the region 's economy . According to Standard Bank , Liquefied Natural Gas  LNG  will add $ 39 billion to the Mozambican economy over the next 20 years , boosting GDP per capita from approximately $ 650 in 2013 , to $ 4500 by 2035 . Changing landscape Once a dusty regional backwater , Pemba town is already changing as a result of the country 's enviable natural resources . In the two years since commercial diver Ornelo Maunde moved to the area he 's witnessed a lot of change . Pointing to the new buildings rising near the coastline , he says the construction boom is going to benefit Pemba . "  For sure there 's a lot coming for Mozambicans here , " he says . Both Marsena and Maunde work for the South Africa-based Subtech Group -- a marine services company which works both above and below water . Their interest in Mozambique began in late 2009 , when the gas industry was starting to expand . The business has since registered a Mozambican entity and opened a branch in Pemba . But moving into a new market was n't all plain sailing for the marine company . Despite a thriving fishing industry in Pemba , the company found few locals were willing to work below the surface because of superstitions . Subtech had to source staff from other areas of the country and train them to work underwater . When locals in Pemba saw other Mozambicans working with Subtech , attitudes changed . "  Suddenly from having no enquiries and having no one wanting to work for us ... we are getting approached every single day for job opportunities , " says Paul Bevis , Subtech Group 's operations manager . Brighter futures But the gas money is not just having impact at sea . The whole town is going through a metamorphosis , and the region is set for a major economic boost . Anadarko is one of the major international companies involved with drilling deep water wells off the coast , and the firms ' former executive chairman Jim Hackett , has said this gas field could be the most significant find in a decade . He has also claimed there will be "  significant long-term benefits for Mozambique . " But these benefits could take time to materialize , as some estimates say first gas from Mozambique LNG will likely be ready for export in 2019 or 2020 . This timeline could be extended after major floods affected thousands of people in central and northern regions in early January , and left over 100 people dead . But despite climatic conditions , movement on the ground in Pemba continues . Roadworks can be seen on most corners and cranes dot the skyline , creating work for the largely subsistence local population . Indeed , Standard Bank says the natural gas industry will help create over 700,000 jobs by 2035 , but only 15.000 will be directly connected to gas . The rest will be "  indirect and induced . " One example of these indirect employment opportunities is the construction site in the middle of Pemba town . When completed , the 11 storeys will be among the tallest buildings in the province , and the vertical space will be both apartments and businesses . Construction safety officer Tomas Portugal had expected to follow his father and grandfather into the fishing industry , and live a subsistence lifestyle . But now he 's focused on a brighter future . "  For my son ... the future will be better , " Portugal explains . "  We are here to make money , to work , build , to improve yourself also . Because if you have a lot of money , you can improve your house ... You can give good things for your kids . " With all the changes happening in the region , the hope is that everyone will benefit . "  The Mozambicans have employed a very very high profile department of environmental affairs and they 're really looking into the background of the oil and gas as to what effect it 's going to have on the population , " explains Bevis . "  Now that the new president -LSB- Filipe Nyusi -RSB- is in , we just see progress ... that 's what we want and that 's what we see . " More from Marketplace Africa Read this : Will Africa 's biggest wind farm transform Kenya ? Read this : Next lunar mission to come from South Africa ?	Mozambique 's economy is being transformed by natural gas finds off the coast Liquefied Natural Gas  LNG  is projected to add $ 39 billion to the Mozambican economy over the next 20 years The natural gas industry will help create over 700 000 jobs by 2035 Pemba town is changing as a result of money coming from the country 's natural resources
CNN  -- Dani Pedrosa sealed pole in Sunday 's Indianapolis Grand Prix in a qualifying session marred with a number of heavy crashes . Yamaha Factory Racing 's Jorge Lorenzo took second ahead of Monster Yamaha Tech3 's Andrea Dovizioso . The first red flag of the session came after Casey Stoner suffered a suspected torn ankle ligament when he went off early in the session . Ducati 's Nicky Hayden was thrown from his bike at the same corner as Stoner later in the day . The American was briefly unconscious at the side of the track , causing another red flag while he received medical attention . Valentino Rossi will start 11th after a disappointing session . Spanish rider Hector Barbera has been replaced in tomorrow 's race by Toni Elias after it was confirmed he cracked three vertebrae in a crash during Friday 's practice session . The race takes place on Sunday , starting at 14:00 local time	Dani Pedrosa takes pole at Sunday 's Indianapolis grand prix Casey Stoner suffers suspected torn ankle ligaments in crash Nicky Hayden thrown from bike , knocked unconcious Hector Barbera suffered cracked vertebrae in crash on Friday
CNN  -- When it comes to the environment , aviation has a rather dirty reputation . The industry produced 689 million tons of CO2 in 2012 , according to Air Transport Action Group  12 % of global transportation 's carbon dioxide emissions  -- a number that is sure to grow as global demand for flight continues to skyrocket . "  Aviation will double in size worldwide in the next two decades , and if we 're not able to provide a sustainable means to fly , we will create a ceiling for growth in the industry , " says Ignaas Caryn , director of innovation at KLM Royal Dutch Airlines . As a result , it looks like the aviation industry is ready to green up its game . In January , Boeing announced a new initiative to build a biofuel supply chain in the United Arab Emirates , as well as research it 's conducting into biofuels made from salt water-consuming desert plants . Airbus has similarly partnered with local producers and airlines to sniff out sustainable alternatives to fossil fuels . To name just a few partnerships , the airplane manufacturer teamed with Virgin Australia Airlines to to produce sustainable aviation fuels from eucalyptus mallee trees in Australia . Airbus has also joined other aerospace companies in launching the ITAKA initiative , a collaborative project funded by the European Union to produce and test the use of sustainable jet fuel . Frederic Eychenne , Airbus ' head of new energies , notes that no single crop will do the job for biofuels , and that to achieve true sustainability , biofuel -- like food -- is best when it 's locally-sourced . "  Different countries grow different crops . They have different refineries in place . Sustainability is n't just about reducing emissions in the air . We have to consider the whole life-cycle in terms of production , " he notes . Going the distance Long-haul flights make up 80 % of aviation 's CO2 emissions . As a result , cutting down the carbon footprint for these flights is extra important . In May , KLM took the first step and launched a new series of flights traveling between Amsterdam and Aruba that use a 20 % biofuel blend . The flight is part of KLM 's short-term goal to integrate 1 % of biofuel into all its flights by 2015 . The main barrier to using biofuel on a larger scale , says Caryn , is the price . "  Today , bio jet fuel is still three to four times more expensive than fossil fuel , because there 's no continuous production . There 's a demonstrated hole in the value chain , " he notes . To solve the problem , in 2010 KLM became a joint founder of SkyNRG -- a major supplier of eco-efficient jet fuel . "  We believed the development of bio jet fuel was important , and that we could n't keep it within the boundaries of KLM , so we decided to come up with a new company . In the last five years , SkyNRG have supplied approximately 25 airlines , " he says . SkyNRG is also working with airlines and airports around the world to create bioports -- or supply chains of sustainable jet fuel -- in a bid to ultimately bring down the price . "  With an increase volume , we could see price parity within the next ten years , " says Caryn . Other steps Depending on the source of jet fuel and how it 's cultivated , Caryn estimates using biofuel could reduce carbon emissions between 50 and 80 % , depending mainly on the feedstock and conversion process . He notes that there are other methods currently in use to drop that percentage even further . "  The way of taking off , the way of landing , and the route you choose to fly can all impact emissions , " he notes . Planes that make a continuous ascent or descent when landing or taking off -- instead of the more traditional "  step-down " approach -- he says burn less fuel . Eychenne also notes that Airbus is slashing emissions by switching to more innovative materials . "  We use a lot of composite materials now , which are lighter , and by bringing the weight down , you bring fuel consumption down , " he says .	KLM recently flew from Amsterdam to Aruba using sustainable jet fuel The 10-hour flight was the longest to ever use biofuel KLM is founding partner of SkyNRG , a supplier of sustainable jet fuel
CNN  -- Commercial office space , warehouses or factory facilities are not required to launch a successful business . At-home enterprises have turned many business people into full-fledged celebrities . Grammy award-winning musicians OutKast started in a basement recording studio in Atlanta , Georgia . Apple , Google and Microsoft all were born at home-based facilities . See more famous businesses that started at home " Culinary queen Paula Deen started her media empire by making bag lunches in her own kitchen .	At-home startups prove commercial facilities are n't required for success OutKast , Google , Microsoft , Spanx and other famous names started in homes Paula Deen 's kitchen bag-lunch operation led to her media empire
CNN  Through his work in fashion , Erik Schnakenberg was drawn to the classic Americana style that has seen a revival in the past decade . He was turned off by the price tag of American-made clothing : basic crew-neck tees starting at $ 50 , unembellished selvedge denim jeans priced at $ 250 and up , Oxford cloth button-downs cut and sewn in Los Angeles ranging from $ 150 to $ 300 . "  It 's that effortless design that most guys look good wearing , but it was n't really happening for anyone except at the higher price point , " Schnakenberg said . To help shrink the gap , Schnakenberg and his Los Angeles neighbor , Sasha Koehn , started a business with a goal of lowering the barrier to "  made in USA " fashion . Buck Mason has been up and running since late 2013 , offering a focused collection of American-made garments . Prices range from $ 24 for a t-shirt to $ 155 for its most expensive pair of jeans , about 25 % to 50 % less than comparable brands boasting the "  made in USA " label . How do they keep costs down ? By focusing on just a few items and cutting out the middleman so they can sell directly to customers through their website and storefront in Venice , California , they say . With the help of the Internet and social media , they have been able to build their brand and find an audience without the help of chains or department stores . "  It did n't make sense for us to not do it this way , " Koehn said . "  Maybe that 's us being naive or not thinking like a traditional business manager , but I do n't see how we could have got this started any other way . " Brands selling directly to customers is nothing new in retail , and it 's still a big gamble for most . Traditional middlemen such as department stores , chains and boutiques help legitimize brands and expose them to consumers faster than brands may be able to build their own fan bases . But some small businesses are finding the cost of that exposure too onerous . By selling directly to consumers , brands increase their margins , control inventory based on their own projections and do n't have to worry about returns from retail store customers . They also have complete control over pricing and may be able to offer lower prices to consumers , said Jack W. Plunkett , CEO of market research company Plunkett Research . Fueled by venture capital investors , there has been strong growth in new direct to consumer brands , and not only in clothing , Plunkett said . But very few actually manufacture in the United States because of the high cost of doing business , especially compared with global competitors . For Buck Mason , manufacturing in the United States is a matter of principle and direct to consumer a means to that end , Schnakenberg said . "  It 's that idea of looking at our product and taking pride in creating something from scratch . We may not sell 100 million t-shirts , but we can say we 're to create one thing and make it all here and be part of the process , " Schnakenberg said . To make direct to consumer work , Buck Mason and other plucky entrepreneurs are mixing aspects of traditional business models with customized approaches to production and marketing , taking on much of the work typically done by outside parties . They sell through their own websites and stores , retaining absolute control over branding and merchandising . They build audiences through social media , using it as a branding tool and a forum to seek customer feedback on styles and colors , forming relationships in the process . But it takes more populating a Web store or Instagram feed with aspirational images of attractive people to reduce margins . Brands offering specialty products that stand out have a better chance of surviving , depending on the product and its place in the global market , Plunkett said . "  Overall , this is positive for the sustainability of U.S. manufacturing , but there are many cases in which it will be extremely difficult to have competitive prices when manufacturing here , " he said . Instead of designing various products in different colors and styles , fledgling brands have found success in getting just a few items right , developing a cult-like following and adding products based on customer feedback . It 's a model that has worked for Adele Berne and Mike Kuhle , who launched the e-commerce arm of their New York storefront , Epaulet , in 2008 with a button-down shirt for men and women made in the city . From day one , they have sold directly to consumers through their website and store , using social media to build a fan base that enjoys geeking out as much as they do over fabric origins and stitching details . Since then , they have expanded to accessories and footwear , and they offer custom suiting and shirts . Along the way , they have earned a reputation for offering quality products sourced and made in the United States and Europe . They partner with esteemed brands including shoemaker Alden and suit maker Southwick on products and offer a handful of other brands for sale . Through social media , Kuhle says , Epaulet has cultivated a fan base interested in the stories behind the brand , its creators and its manufacturing partners . Their customers see the value in paying more for products made in the U.S. or Europe , and they keep coming back . "  Your product has to be unique , and it has to be something people want , whether it 's filling a void for something people do n't know they want yet , or it 's something you see in market that you could do better , " Berne said . Buck Mason launched with a simple T-shirt , working with a knitter in Los Angeles to develop a slub cotton before sending it to a mill outside the city . When it sold out , the company started working on a five-pocket selvedge denim jean sourced from North Carolina and cut and sewn in Los Angeles . It 's an a la carte approach to production that takes more time and attention than the full-package manufacturing typically used by larger brands to fill big orders under one roof . The upside is that it keeps shipping costs down and allows Buck Mason to respond faster to market demands by placing small orders with a quick turnaround . Chris Sutton started out making one pair of jeans at a time in his Cincinnati , Ohio , workshop . As demand for Noble Denim grew , Sutton and his wife , Abby , scaled up production by partnering with a Tennessee factory that , like most remaining textile manufacturers , had seen better days . As the Suttons learned more about the factory 's history and the town it once supported , they realized it needed more business to create sustainable employment opportunities . It was "  hipster and naive " of them to think they could make a significant impact with small runs of premium jeans , Abby Sutton said , and they started pondering new products . They tested the waters with a small run of sweatshirts . After selling out within days , the couple decided to launch a Kickstarter campaign to raise funds for a new business . Sweatshirts sold under the Victor label will be made from organic cotton in the same factory as Noble Denim . Unlike Noble , which is sold in a few stores , Victor will be sold directly to consumers through the company 's website and its brick and mortar store in Cincinnati . Cutting out the middleman allows Noble to control its brand instead of relinquishing control to wholesalers and create "  stability " in terms of sales expectations , Abby Sutton said . "  Everyone is oddly reliant on each other but not in way that encourages innovation . " It also creates a quicker "  feedback loop " through which the Suttons can listen and respond to customer feedback . That 's how they heard from people who said they could not afford to support the "  made in USA " movement even though they wanted to . Through Victor , whose products range from $ 25 for a tee to $ 85 for a hooded sweatshirt , the Suttons hope to rehab American-made style 's reputation as exclusively high-end and inaccessible , she said . "  There are people who value the idea of U.S.-made but have never taken the step , " she said . "  If we can make it for the same price as a Gap sweatshirt , hopefully people will see it as easy choice . "	American-made clothing brands try to cut out middleman , selling directly to consumers Pros include smaller margins that can lower prices for consumers Social media make finding customers easier , but it 's still an uphill battle
CNN  -- Jared Loughner 's behavior was so disturbing that his father confiscated his shotgun and took to disabling his car every night to keep him home in the months leading up to an Arizona shooting rampage that left six people dead , according to investigative documents released Wednesday . Loughner 's parents even went so far in the days and weeks before to tell their son he needed to get help "  be  cause his behavior is , um , been not normal , " his mother , Amy , told investigators , according to transcripts of recorded interviews by investigators . The documents reveal vivid details about the events leading up to and surrounding the January 8 , 2011 , shooting during a meet-and-greet with U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords outside a Tucson , Arizona , grocery story . Giffords , who was shot in the head , was among 13 people wounded in the shooting . 19 months after mass shooting , Giffords moves back to Tuscon The statements by Loughner 's parents were among the more than 2,700 pages of previously sealed documents released by the Pima County Sheriff 's Department in response to a Freedom of Information requests filed by CNN and other news agencies . Loughner , 24 , is serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole after pleading guilty last year to 19 charges in exchange for the government not seeking the death penalty . Intern 's memoir recalls Giffords shooting Many of the details surrounding the rampage are well known , from the heroic efforts to save Giffords and others to the tackling of the gunman . But the documents shed light on Loughner 's erratic behavior leading up the shooting , from fleeing from his father the morning of the shooting to his repeated effort to buy ammunition for a 9mm handgun that he ultimately used in the rampage . Loughner 's parents told authorities that their son , who they described as a "  loner , " took a turn following his dismissal from Pima County College months earlier -- after he posted a disturbing video online that officials described as threatening . Loughner 's parents told authorities they took away his shotgun after college police warned them their son may be a danger to himself or to others . Gabby Giffords and Mark Kelly : The new ` Bradys ' of gun control Efforts for ammo , tears at traffic stop Her son never followed up on getting a mental health evaluation that was required for being readmitted to the college , Amy Loughner said . According to the documents , unbeknownst to his parents Loughner purchased a 9mm handgun sometime before Christmas 2010 and showed it off to a friend . On the morning of the rampage , he went to at least two Walmarts in an attempt to buy ammunition . He was turned away at one by an employee who told investigators that he was behaving strangely . "  I kind o ' felt uneasy , to be honest with you , " the employee was quoted as saying in the transcripts . At another Walmart , Loughner was described as friendly as he inquired whether there was a limit on the amount of ammunition he could purchase . "  And then I guess he asked for six boxes , seven boxes , " an employee said . "  Rang them up . Checked his ID . Was n't any problem . So I double-bagged it for him . ' Tucson shooting survivor says she forgives Loughner , finds closure in guilty plea Just hours before the rampage , Loughner broke down and cried to an Arizona Game and Fish officer when he pulled over for running a red light . "  It 's bad for your health , you 're gon na kill somebody , you 're gon na kill yourself , " Game and Fish Officer Alen Edward Forney told Loughner , according to the transcript of Forney 's statements to investigators . "  I said , ` I 'm not gon na write you a citation for this . ' And when I said that to him , his face got kinda screwed up and , and he started to cry . "  That struck me as a little odd , " Forney continued . "  So I asked him if he was OK . And he said , ` Yeah , I 'm OK , I 've just had a rough time and I really thought I was gon na get a ticket and I 'm really glad that you 're not . ' " But Forney was worried whether Loughner could drive safely . "  I again made sure that he was OK . I asked him ... three or four times . He was probably getting tired of me asking if he was OK , " Forney said . "  He said yeah , he was fine . He was just heading home , it was n't too far away and he 'd be OK , " Forney said . Two and a half hours later , Loughner opened fire on a crowd of people at an outdoor event where Giffords was greeting constituents . When Forney got home that night and heard about the shooting , he went online , he said . "  I opened up the Internet and there was his picture , " Forney said . "  Man , my heart just went up in my throat . " About an hour after the traffic stop , Loughner returned to his parents ' home in his 1969 Chevrolet Nova , his mother , Amy Loughner , told authorities . Photos : Victims of shooting in Arizona When his parents asked him what was in his backpack , he ran out the door , his mother said . His father , Randy Loughner , dropped his coffee and ran after his son but could n't catch him , the mother said . A short time later , a neighbor told them there were news reports Giffords had been shot . They later learned from authorities their son was believed to be the shooter . Shooting rampage Kenneth Veeder , a bystander to the shooting , suffered a gunshot wound to the calf as he was talking to a family lined up to meet Giffords . Veeder , a Vietnam War combat officer who served three tours of duty , was wearing an Infinity Airborne shirt . "  I heard pop , pop , pop , pop , " Veeder said . Loughner was running and knocked him down , he said . When Loughner was reloading his gun , one man grabbed him , and Veeder grabbed Loughner 's gun that fell to the ground , Veeder said . Veeder wanted to reload the gun , but a woman talked him out of it . 2011 : Remembering Tucson victim Dorwan Stoddard "  She goes , ` You ca n't do that , ' " Veeder said in the transcript . "  The hell I ca n't -- because I would have shot him . That 's how angry I was . It was a combat reaction , " he said . Deputy Sheriff Thomas Audetat Jr. recounted how he arrested Loughner . He saw two or three people holding down Loughner on a sidewalk between a Safeway grocery and Walgreens . Audetat put his knee on Loughner 's back and handcuffed him . A bullet had earlier grazed the left side of the head of one person holding down Loughner , Audetat said . Right behind him was a woman who was also a gunshot victim . Audetat searched Loughner . "  In his left front pocket , I found two magazines which I immediately observed to be for a Glock , " Audetat said . "  I was not sure of the caliber at that point , but they were Glock magazines and they were both fully loaded . " Audetat also found a foldable knife with a 4-inch blade in Loughner 's front pocket . Loughner said he was feeling hot , so the deputy removed Loughner 's beanie and hooded sweatshirt . Audetat found Loughner wearing earplugs , and Loughner also stated several times that he pleaded the Fifth Amendment , documents said . "  At that point , he said , ' I just want you to know that I 'm the only person that knew about this , ' " Audetat said . "  That was the only thing , pretty much , that he said to me almost all day . " Bookended by tragedy , a too-short life leaves a void CNN 's Deanna Hackney , Stan Wilson , Dugald McConnell , Shawn Nottingham , Emily Blakemore and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : Jared Loughner 's parents took away his shotgun and told him he needed help NEW : Loughner bought six or seven boxes of ammunition , documents show NEW : He purchased a 9mm before Christmas 2010 , investigators say NEW : Loughner ran from parents just before the shooting rampage , mom says
CNN  -- FIFA appointed a normalization committee on Tuesday aimed at reforming the currently suspended Bosnia and Herzegovina Football Federation  FFBH  . The FFBH was banned from international football and continental club competition on April 1 after it failed to amend its three-headed presidency , which saw a Bosnian , a Croat and a Serb all perform the role at the head of the organization . The split in the presidency reflects the political make-up of the former Yugoslav republic and mirrors the nature of the domestic presidency , which since the end of the Bosnian war in 1995 has rotated every eight months to a leader from one of the three separate ethnic groups . But football 's governing body and the organization in charge of Europe , UEFA , require the FFBH to provide a single figurehead . Six stakeholders will make up the committee , two from each ethnic background , with the honorary president of the Slovakian association taking an advisory role . Bosnia and Herzegovina hit with international ban "  The FIFA Emergency Committee has decided to appoint a normalization committee in order to solve the problems faced by the FFBH , " read a statement of FIFA 's official web site . "  A six-person normalization committee made up of football personalities from Bosnia-Herzegovina has been established and put in place with immediate effect . " The newly-instated group will be charged with severing all ties to the previous regime , which FIFA claimed had led taken "  some major financial risks , which may even lead to bankruptcy due to its debts towards the tax authorities . " National team coach Safet Susic , whose team currently sit fourth in Euro 2012 qualifying Group D , will remain suspended from competitive matches until FIFA and UEFA statutes have been adopted by the FFBH . The normalization committee 's first responsibility will be to call a general assembly before May 26 , before electing new representatives by no later than November 30 . After the ballot , the committee would hand over responsibility for football in Bosnia and Herzegovina to the elected parties . As the situation stands , Susic 's squad will be unable to fulfill their next qualifying fixture against Romania on June 3 .	FIFA have appointed a committee to reform the Bosnia and Herzegovina federation The FFBH was hit with an international ban on April 1 for failing to adapt FIFA statutes The organization previously had a three-pronged presidential structure
CNN  America used to be a place where we said , "  Give me liberty or give me death . " We live by a credo that "  freedom is n't free , " and that our Constitution is worth dying for . How inspirational it is to believe that this is the wind of thought that blows underneath the Eagle 's wings . Unfortunately , whenever that wind becomes just a little too gusty for comfort , we find out just how little relationship our poetic credo has to our collective guts . The latest example : Nine seconds of video of a number of boys singing an offensive song . Immediately , the University of Oklahoma expelled two of the boys for their speech . Forget whether you like the speech or not . That is not relevant . These boys got kicked out of a public school for singing a song , on their own time , in a privately rented bus , simply because the government did n't like the content of their song . Opinion : What 's the right way to face racism ? Censors overstepping their bounds is no surprise . What surprises me is how readily the public supported the expulsions , and how many supposedly intelligent people were willing to turn the First Amendment on its head , because of nine seconds of video . I do n't like the song or its message either . I ca n't imagine anyone reasonable who would . But I want to live in a country where the government does not listen to my songs and then decide whether or not I should be punished , based on what words I used . That is not freedom . I understand that most of us hate racism . We are on a mission to eradicate it from all corners . But I am not willing to trade the First Amendment for a society where we do n't need to hear racist words . In Abrams v. United States , Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote a passage that ultimately became the cornerstone of a liberty-based view toward free speech , and which became the dominant theory in First Amendment jurisprudence . In Abrams , Holmes gave us "  the marketplace of ideas . " And what a brilliant theory it was . Holmes noted that if someone was completely confident in the belief that they were right , then it would seem logical that they would want to suppress dissenting views . "  If you have no doubt of your premises or your power , and want a certain result with all your heart , you naturally express your wishes in law , and sweep away all opposition . " Those who wish to eradicate racism are certain that they are right . I believe in a racism-free world . I have marched in counterprotests against the Ku Klux Klan . I 've stood up in places you do n't want to be , against violent neo-Nazis . And I would do it again . But I feel no kinship with anyone who would harm the First Amendment to fight racism . Some things are worse than racism -- like a loss of the right to speak your mind and think your own thoughts . Unfortunately , that is a price that too many of us are willing to pay . I am not . As certain as I am that my views on race are correct , I can not shake Holmes ' wisdom from my mind . He wrote : "  But when men have realized that time has upset many fighting faiths , they may come to believe even more than they believe the very foundations of their own conduct that the ultimate good desired is better reached by free trade in ideas -- that the best test of truth is the power of the thought to get itself accepted in the competition of the market , and that truth is the only ground upon which their wishes safely can be carried out . That , at any rate , is the theory of our Constitution . " For that reason , I would gladly protest against the KKK , but I would never abide any government official denying the KKK its right to speak . I understand those who would wish to do so . They want to eradicate racism , and the end will justify the means . However , we have slowly been descending into a place where we are trading this for freedoms that are far more precious than the freedom to avoid having our feelings hurt by offensive statements . Of course , some say that these were more than "  offensive . " The song was a "  threat . " After all , it did mention lynching black people . But was that really a threat ? An idiotic ditty in an all-white bus ? To call it a threat is disingenuous . What about the disruptive nature of the song ? Should other students have to go to school with people who clearly despise them , and who carry these offensive racist thoughts ? Yes . They should be free to have these thoughts , they should be free to say these things . If it crosses the line into action , or even imminent incitement to action , that 's another story . In this case , that never happened . The First Amendment prevails here . Opinion : The danger society does n't talk about It is easy to claim that these Sigma Alpha Epsilon boys did not deserve First Amendment protection . Many have said so . But , when you hear that , your immediate reaction should be one of skepticism . The First Amendment is not there to serve as a comforting blanket of civility . In fact , it is there precisely to protect the sharp edges . It is there for the KKK , the Nazis , SAE , and you alike . It is there for words that shock us , challenge us , and that bother us . You should want to protect the SAE boys -- not that they deserve it . You should do so because the day will come that your speech is unpopular . Once , speech in favor of racial equality was considered to be "  bad speech . " Once , professors were kicked off campus for not being "  anti-gay enough . " But , today , the thought of equality and tolerance have won out in the marketplace . Let that victory stand , without trying to cement it with the force of law , and without destroying the very liberty that allowed these "  good thoughts " to flourish in the first place .	University of Oklahoma students were expelled after video surfaced of racist song Marc Randazza : Those willing to weaken First Amendment should realize their free expression is also at risk
Summer could not have come soon enough for Lloret de Mar , a tourist resort north of Barcelona that is brimming with young travelers from Britain , Germany , France and Russia . By day , they flock to the main beach with its steep descent into the Mediterranean , and by night they crowd the streets lined with clubs called Londoner , Hot Spot or Zoo . Read more : The human cost of Spain 's financial crisis It is a scene repeated up and down Spain 's extensive coastline along the Mediterranean , the Atlantic and its famous archipelagos , the Balearic and Canary Islands . Spain 's economic crisis is in its sixth straight year yet tourism , worth 11 % of GDP , is holding its own , one of the few bright spots on a bleak horizon . Summer , of course , is high season for tourism in Spain . The country is the world 's fourth-largest tourist destination , behind France , the U.S. , and China , according to the UN 's World Tourism Organization , based in Madrid . Spain 's tourism sector has recovered from a 9 % drop -- a loss of five million tourists -- at the height of the crisis in 2009 . Last year , it was back to pre-crisis levels of 57.7 million international visitors . Interactive : Is your nation fair ? In part , due to an aggressive search for new markets , since the crisis not only forced Spaniards to cut back on vacations , but also slowed growth among British and German tourists , two of the traditional groups of visitors . Climent Guitart can tell you about that . He owns eight hotels in Lloret de Mar , and said , "  The last three years , we have tripled , multiplied by three , the number of Russians that come to this area . " Like Katerina Kharina and her friend , both choreographers from western Russia , whom we met on the beach . "  Here it 's very different , " Kharina said . "  There 's no crisis in Russia . Here it 's cheap . Russians like Spain . " And Spaniards like Lidia Gonzalez may thank the Russians for her new career as a maid at one of Guitart 's hotels . A mother of two , the crisis forced Gonzalez out of her own hair salon business . Spain 's next threat : Losing 20 % of its economy For months , she was among the 27 % of Spanairds who are unemployed , until the hotel hired her for the summer . "  At last this job came up and there was relief for the whole family , to be able to pay some of our bills , " said Gonzalez , taking a break from cleaning a room . She and many others have contracts just for the summer high season , and many worry what comes next . Some experts worry , too , about the tourism industry 's future . They say that Spain 's tourism formula has been the same for decades -- sun and sand . But with the economic crisis , there are growing calls for that to change . Read more : Cyprus for Easter ? Just pack extra cash A recent study by the Barcelona-based business school ESADE warns the country 's beach towns lack "  strategic improvement plans , " and "  follow a stagnated tourism model . " The report said 57 % of the country 's coastal towns offer less than five square meters of beach per tourist and remain highly seasonal , with 85 % occupancy in August but barely 35 % outside of the summer months . It called for new tourism products . Guitart 's company is already pushing innovation , trying to go upscale with a five-star hotel and casino in Lloret de Mar , while also maintaining some of its more typical mass tourism hotels . A generation on the scrap heap : Can Europe be saved ? "  We think that the clientele is diversifying a lot and in this area , I think we need a hotel with better standards , better quality , " Guitart said . Breaking away from the popular tourism hotel model may be the future for Spain 's industry , but it wo n't be easy . Lloret de Mar , like many others in Spain , still caters to mass tourism . Just ask the young foreigners on the beach by day and in the clubs by night .	Spain 's economic crisis is in its sixth straight year yet tourism , worth 11 % of GDP , is holding its own Spain 's tourism sector has recovered from a 9 % drop at the height of the crisis in 2009 In 2012 it was back to pre-crisis levels of 57.7 million international visitors
CNN  -- China 's Olympic adventure may be over , but new age chanteuse Sa Dingding is one global export that in many ways echoes the Beijing Olympic fantasy of "  One World . One Dream . " Sa Dingding 's music should find a home on the iPods of millions of chill-out world music fans . Born to a Mongolian mother and Han Chinese father , she sings in Mandarin , Tibetan , Sanskrit , and the rare dialect of Lagu , while fusing chill-out beats and floaty instrumentation played on zither , horse head fiddle and bamboo flute . Already hugely popular in China , she has been finding similar success farther afield : Her first album sold 2 million copies in Southeast Asia , and she has appeared on MTV . Earlier this year she won a BBC Radio 3 World Music Award as well as performing at the Royal Albert Hall in London . Her linguistic skills and musicianship were honed from a young age . Born in Inner Mongolia in 1983 , she spent three years until the age of 6 with her grandmother , living a nomadic life in northern China , where her imagination and creativity were allowed to roam free . "  We actually lived in a small city between grassland and the big city . In spring time , we move to the grassland . And in winter time , we moved back to the city , "  she told CNN 's Talk Asia . "  The whole memory of my childhood is in one word : Play . I just played everywhere on the grassland . And there a lot of interesting things happened which affected the ... life of mine . " Later she became a student of Buddhism and yoga as well as becoming a multi-instrumentalist , releasing her first album at the age of 18 . Melding different musical cultures and ethnic influences , notably Tibetan , has also caused a certain amount of discussion , especially on her own position toward the status of Tibet within China . "  From a musician 's point of view , Tibetan culture and its music can not be seen as an isolated subject ... lots and lots of other ethnicities have added their colors on the Tibetan culture . So I see the Tibetan culture nowadays as an integral part of the greater Chinese culture , " she said . Aiming to avoid controversy , organizers of the Glastonbury festival dropped her from this year 's lineup . "  I do n't quite understand the reason behind -LSB- it -RSB- . To me , art and music really belong to the whole world and they should n't be limited by boundaries . So I really hope that I could join Glastonbury next year , " she said . Until then further explorations in language and music beckon , and there have been recent collaborations with house music DJ Paul Oakenfold and French chill-out duo Deep Forest in Europe . "  It 's very amazing because when I had to return to China , they drove me to the airport and told me : ` Life is full of miracles . When you first arrived here , these three songs did n't exist . But now you 're leaving , and we have three wonderful new songs . ' "	Half-Mongolian , half-Chinese musician mixes ethnic influences with chill-out beats First album sold over 2 million copies in South East Asia Deemed too controversial by Glastonbury Festival and dropped from line-up
When she officially accepted her appointment as spokesperson for Iran 's foreign minister Sunday , Marzieh Afkham wore a chador . To feminist critics of the Islamic government , the black head-to-toe cloak , leaving only the face visible , is a symbol of women 's second-class status in Iran . But the most surprising symbol Sunday was Afkham herself , the first female diplomat appointed to such a visible position . Amanpour : A female president of Iran ? Since his election in June , President Hassan Rouhani has urged officials to appoint women to high-ranking posts . During Sunday 's ceremony introducing Afkham , Foreign Minister Mohammad-Javad Zarif quoted a line by Iranian poet Sohrab Sepehri , "  We need to wash our eyes and see differently . " Afkham , 48 , is a career diplomat described by her predecessor , Abbas Araqhchi , as "  seasoned and experienced . " Women have held high-ranking posts in the Iranian parliament and a few ministries , such as health . And a woman , Elham Aminzadeh , now is vice president for parliamentary affairs . Read more : Goodbye , Ahmadinejad ; hello , Rouhani But Iran scholar Farideh Farhi said Afkham 's visibility at weekly press conferences will be an important first for women in the government . Afkham "  will be closely watched by many inside Iran and around the world , " said Farhi , an adjunct professor at the University of Hawaii at Manao who also has taught at the University of Tehran . "  This is an extremely bold move by Foreign Minister Zarif to appoint a woman to such high-ranking and politically visible post , " Farhi said . At her first meeting with reporters Sunday , she warned of any "  adventurous " military action against Syria . She did not mention the United States .	New president has pushed for more women in high-profile positions in Iran Career diplomat Marzieh Afkham often will be face of Foreign Ministry Foreign minister : "  We need to wash our eyes and see differently " Iran scholar calls appointment "  an extremely bold move "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong police on Thursday charged two ferry captains with manslaughter following a fatal ferry collision last year that left 39 people dead -- the city 's worst maritime disaster in decades . The two men , who were not named but whose ages were given as 54 and 56 , were arrested last year along with five other crew members in connection with the collision off Lamma Island near Hong Kong on the night of October 1 , 2012 . The collision involved a passenger ferry traveling from Hong Kong Island to Lamma Island and a vessel owned by the Hong Kong Electric Company , which was carrying company employees and their families to watch a scheduled fireworks display . Survivors described how the collision upended one of the vessels , flinging passengers into the water . Rescuers picked up 123 survivors but at least 92 passengers were injured in the incident . Passengers on board the ferries said how they had only moments to escape . "  First it was up to here and then here . The water rose so quickly , " one woman , who declined to be named , told CNN affiliate i-Cable at the time . "  We thought we were going to die for sure . " According to the Hong Kong Fire Services Department , which led the rescue , the vessel began to sink quickly after the impact . It said low visibility and many obstacles on board made work difficult for rescuers . The narrow sea lanes leading into Hong Kong 's main deepwater harbor are some of the busiest in Asia , with giant commercial freighters , ocean liners , passenger ferries and private boats of all sizes sharing the waters . Hong Kong is home to more than 200 outlying Islands , including Lamma . Hong Kong Island is on the south side of Victoria harbor , with Kowloon forming its northern shore . North of Kowloon lie the New Territories , which stretch all the way to mainland China . The collision was Hong Kong 's most lethal maritime accident since 1971 , when 88 people died after the ferry Fat Shan capsized between Hong Kong and Macau during a typhoon . The five crew members also arrested over the incident are due to answer bail in mid-April . READ MORE : World 's ` most delightful commute ' hit by ferry disaster READ MORE : Survivors recount chaos , horror of ferry collision READ MORE : Rescuers search for missing after deadly Hong Kong ferry crash CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report .	Hong Kong police charge two ferry captains with manslaughter Follows fatal ferry collision last year that left 39 people dead Involved passenger ferry and vessel carrying revelers to National Day fireworks Narrow sea lanes leading into Hong Kong 's main harbor are some of the busiest in Asia
Dismayed , angry but saying they 'll fight in a new struggle for civil rights , protesters marched peacefully Tuesday in Houston , Atlanta and Florida while thousands of Americans found other ways to demonstrate their feelings . Pro boxer Terrell Gausha told the entertainment news site TMZ that he would no longer wear the American flag . News filtered out that entertainer Stevie Wonder said he will no longer perform in Florida so long as the state 's controversial Stand Your Ground self-defense law remains in effect . A mocked-up image of Martin Luther King Jr. wearing a hoodie went viral on the Internet . And a page on the popular blogging service Tumblr drew hundreds of often poignant essays from people -- many of them white , middle-class and far removed from the civil rights struggle -- who said the death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , and Zimmerman 's acquittal , had moved them profoundly . "  I think if I looked like Trayvon I could 've been shot or arrested or antagonized and hated . I could 've been dead at 17 , " wrote one poster who identified himself as a 31-year-old white man . "  I think if Trayvon looked like me he could 've grown up to be someone that did something wonderful for the world . " A Florida jury acquitted Zimmerman Saturday following a nearly four-week trial . The Hispanic former neighborhood watch volunteer acknowledged shooting and killing Martin last year , but said he did so in self-defense after the teenager attacked him . Juror : ` No doubt ' that Zimmerman feared for his life Critics of the verdict , however , say they believe the jury got it wrong -- that Zimmerman was an overzealous wannabe police officer who racially profiled Martin and hatefully shot him down . They want federal civil rights charges and changes to laws like Florida 's Stand Your Ground , fearing a spate of similar incidents . "  Anyone walking or committing no crime can be followed or approached by another civilian and they can use deadly force and say it was self-defense , " the Rev. Al Sharpton said Tuesday in Washington . "  That is something that is frightening and can not be allowed to sustain itself in our society . " Although Zimmerman 's attorneys did not seek a Stand Your Ground hearing before trial , the judge 's instructions to the jury did allude to provisions of the law , and a juror interviewed by CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Monday said it came into play during deliberations . Jeantel ` upset , angry ' by verdict Call for change Sharpton 's National Action Network is planning 100 protests across the country Saturday calling for civil rights charges against Zimmerman . Similar calls echoed across the Internet . As of Tuesday afternoon , more than 490,000 people had signed a MoveOn.org petition started by the NAACP asking for the Justice Department to file civil rights charges against Zimmerman . Two petitions to the White House seeking such charges had more than 30,000 signatures between them Tuesday morning . Petitions in support of Zimmerman had a few thousand signatures . Despite outrage , federal charges uncertain in Zimmerman case Protests nationwide Since the Saturday verdict , protests have occurred across the country , including New York , Washington , Boston , Atlanta , Houston , Las Vegas and Kansas City . "  I was devastated , a little bit heartbroken . But this is as much as we can do , " protester Kennan Blair told CNN affiliate WSB during Monday night 's protest there . In Cleveland , protesters gathered on the steps of the Cuyahoga County Justice Center carrying bags of Skittles -- the candy Martin had just bought before he was killed , CNN affiliate WEWS reported . "  I could have been Trayvon Martin , " one African-American teen wearing a hoodie -- the same garment Martin was wearing -- told the station . "  But this case is n't about racial issues . This case is about violence . This case is about the judicial system . " Why this verdict ? On Tuesday : -- Protesters in Florida staged a sit-in Tuesday at the governor 's office , demanding a special legislative session to consider changes to the Stand Your Ground law , a spokeswoman told CNN . -- In Houston , police on horseback and bicycles shepherded protesters staging a protest outside the Harris County Courthouse . -- In Atlanta , civil rights leaders gathered to denounce the verdict and announce their participation in Sharpton 's planned rallies Saturday . "  Our message to the public is clear , " the Rev. Markel Hutchins said . "  This is not over , all is not lost . There is still hope and we must continue to fight . " Some protests have turned violent . In Los Angeles , police went on emergency footing for the third night in a row Monday after violent demonstrations wracked part of the city , CNN affiliate KCAL reported.They warned over stricter enforcement beginning Tuesady . In Oakland , demonstrators threw rocks , bottles and firecrackers at police , Officer Johnna Watson said early Tuesday . Authorities arrested nine people there , she said . Race perhaps simplest disagreement in post-trial interviews Appeals for calm Civil rights leaders appealed for calm out of respect for Martin and his family . "  His name and memory should not be smeared by reckless violence , " Sharpton said . Civil rights leader , John Mack , now a member of the Los Angeles police commission , said those behind the violence "  have their own agendas that have nothing to do with justice , and very little to do with Trayvon Martin . " Taking Zimmerman 's side Of course , not everyone disagreed with the jury 's verdict . On a Facebook page dedicated to discussion of the trial , Facebook user Lorraine Keeley said the jury got it right . "  The jurors have spoken . ... kudo 's to this great defense team , " Keeley wrote . More controversially , conservative rock singer Ted Nugent called Martin a "  dope smoking , racist gangsta wannabe " in defending the verdict in a column for the website Rare . "  Here 's the lesson from all this , America , " Nugent wrote . "  Teach your children to not attack people for no good reason whatsoever . Conduct yourself in a responsible , civil manner , and everything will be just fine . Try to kill someone and that someone just may be exercising his or her Second Amendment rights and you could get shot . It 's called self-defense , and it is the oldest , strongest and most righteous instinct and God-given right known to man . " Meanwhile , Zimmerman 's parents , Robert and Gladys Zimmerman , offered more conciliatory words in an ABC interview . "  We are deeply sorry for this tragedy , " Gladys Zimmerman said . Now that he 's free , can Zimmerman make a living ?	Protesters demanding changes to Florida law stage sit-in at governor 's office "  This is not over , all is not lost , " Atlanta civil rights leader says at Tuesday event Protests against Zimmerman verdict planned in 100 U.S. cities on Saturday "  On Saturday night we lost the battle but the war is not over , " the Rev. Al Sharpton says
CNN  -- Despite some signs that the economy is on the mend , a lack of confidence from consumers and companies alike may hamper job growth during the next few months , economists say . Unlike this point last year , there are some indicators for optimism about the U.S. economy . The market seems to be on a rebound , with stock prices growing steadily since March . Meanwhile , the U.S. Gross Domestic Product , a broad indicator of the economy 's strength , grew during the third quarter . It was the largest such growth since the summer of 2007 . However , the unemployment rate is staggering . The national rate hit 10.2 percent last month , the first time it has been double digits in more than 25 years . The jobless rate increased in 29 states and the District of Columbia in October , according to a recent Labor Department survey . Thirteen states reported an unemployment rate above the current national rate . Track unemployment numbers by state and industry There is also concern that the GDP growth is largely the result of the economic stimulus implemented by the federal government and other government initiatives like the "  Cash for Clunkers " program for automobiles . Ben Bernanke , the Federal Reserve Chairman , said recently that economic conditions were better than they were a year ago , and a modest recovery was on the horizon . Sounding a note of caution , he said : "  Some important headwinds -- in particular , constrained bank lending and a weak job market -- will likely prevent the expansion from being as robust as we would hope . " Polls suggest many Americans are not confident about the economy . "  Some economic indicators may suggest that the economy has turned the corner -- but try telling that to the American people , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director . More than eight in 10 Americans say that economic conditions are in poor shape , according to a recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll . Of that number , 43 percent described the conditions as "  very poor . " See the poll results  pdf Ali Velshi , CNN 's chief business correspondent , said it may not feel as if the economy is in a recovery until the jobless numbers decrease . That may partly explain the poll 's findings . Velshi described the American economy as being founded on three pillars . One is the value of a home growing at a rate faster than the cost of owning it , he said . The other is the value of investments -- think of a 401  k  plan or an IRA or savings for kids ' education -- increasing at a rate faster than inflation . The third , and most important one , is income , Velshi said . "  You can live without a -LSB- buying a -RSB- house . You can live without a 401  k  . You ca n't live without an income . " On that front , Bernanke sounded somber during his remarks to the Economic Club of New York on November 16 . "  The best thing we can say about the labor market right now is that it may be getting worse more slowly , " he said . "  Jobs are likely to remain scarce for some time . " Read Bernanke 's remarks  pdf Bernanke said jobs will likely be created next year but a high unemployment rate may still hold through 2010 . So , why does unemployment continue to rise while Wall Street seems to be rebounding ? "  There 's this real disconnect between Wall Street and Mainstreet , " said Peter Rodriguez , an economist at the University of Virginia . "  Wall Street can benefit from forward-looking financial markets and they 've already begun to rise . "  But that does n't give anyone any new jobs . " Rodriguez said there was "  an ample amount of what you might think of as underemployment in the active workforce . " Let 's say you 're a manager and you have 50 employees . During tough economic times , you might minimize the pain by cutting people 's hours . Instead of working 40 hours , they work 35 hours , and your company limps along during the recession without having to lay off people . "  What that means is , on the return to normalcy , rather than hiring people , you just raise work hours , " Rodriguez said . Bernanke brought up the dynamic as well last week . "  Recently , we 've seen the interesting phenomenon that firms have come out of recessions in aggressive cost cutting mode and in doing so , they 've actually created productivity gains , " he said . CNNMoney : Are things really getting better ? Consequently , the number of part-time workers who say they would like a full-time job but ca n't find one has doubled since the recession began , he noted . However , those gains companies made while cutting back on workers are likely "  limited and probably temporary , " he said . "  If demand , production and confidence pick up , they will find their labor force stretched thin and they will add new workers , " he said . The trend might not change until companies and business owners feel confident enough in the economy to start hiring . There are a number of factors that could influence that perspective , including access to credit , lending from banks and overseas competition . They have to feel assured of a recovery to discard their caution and put their money at risk , Rodriguez said . "  They feel better , but not better enough to invest in growth , " he said . "  They 're becoming slightly less timid , but we 're still deep in the rehabilitation phase . "	The national unemployment rate is 10.2 percent Labor Department : The jobless rate increased in 29 states in October Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke sees modest growth on the horizon
CNN  -- It seemed too good to be true . Andy Kaufman still alive . The Internet erupted with the buzz after Kaufman 's brother read a letter purportedly from Andy at a comedy club on Monday night and introduced a 24-year-old woman as his brother 's daughter . But almost as quickly as reports surfaced Thursday , the news seemed to fizzle , with Michael Kaufman telling CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " that he believes he 's the victim of a hoax . "  Now that it 's Thursday , not Monday anymore , I believe I am part of a hoax , " Kaufman said in a bizarre , rambling interview where he spoke in a monotone not unlike his brother . "  I do n't believe she 's acting on her own , though , " Kaufman said of the woman he introduced Monday night . "  But , you know , that 's all I know . "	Andy Kaufman 's brother tells CNN 's Jake Tapper he is victim of a hoax Latest story started Monday when woman appeared at club claiming to be comedian 's daughter Conspiracy theories have always speculated Kaufman faked his death Wrestling legend Jerry Lawler wants rematch if rumors are true
CNN  -- One day , Kari Ianuale had had enough . The Nazareth , Pennsylvania , resident was embarrassed to discover that her size 24 pants no longer fit . "  I refused to go up yet another size , " she said . In July 2011 , Ianuale officially began her weight loss journey , and what a journey it has been : In just over three years , she has lost a staggering amount of weight . "  People are floored when they see me , " Ianuale said . "  They all say I do n't even look like the same person . " At her heaviest , Ianuale weighed 301 pounds . At 5-foot-10 , that made her body mass index 43 -- clinically , extremely obese . Today , she weighs a healthy 156 pounds . "  I was embarrassed by the way I looked , " she admitted . "  When my husband introduced me to people I felt bad because I was n't that pretty or thin of a wife , even though he loves me for who I am and did n't care what I looked like . "  I always thought people were judging me , especially when I would walk into places . " So how did she lose 145 pounds ? And would her secrets work for you ? Secret # 1 : Cut your portion sizes She started by cutting back on her portion sizes . "  I always used to eat until I was feeling uncomfortably full , " she said . "  I just lessened my portions to normal consumption , " paying attention to labels but not counting calories . Secret # 2 : Start slowly , then build She did n't go to the gym at first ; she started at home on the exercise bike and elliptical . She started working out 20 to 30 minutes , six days a week . "  I was losing 20 pounds a month in the beginning , " she said . "  As I had less and less to lose , it got harder . " So she upped her game . She signed up for a local gym and began strength training . "  My goal was to lose half , " said Ianuale . "  I almost made it there . So now it 's basically maintaining . I 'll go up or down a few . I 've put on a lot of muscle weightlifting at the gym . " She plans to stay around 155 to 160 pounds . Secret # 3 : Be consistent Today Ianuale goes to the gym six days a week . She runs between 3 and 4 miles a night and does 30 to 40 minutes of weight training . "  I do upper body  work  , then the next night , lower body . " Her husband , Nino , was persuaded to join her at the gym . Also new to exercise , he has since lost 30 pounds . "  She hit the ground running when she decided she 'd finally had enough and has n't looked back since , " he said . "  I had anticipated that she might quit or lighten the load . ... Instead  she  got more intense . It 's really amazing to see her go through her change . " Secret # 4 : Drink 16 ounces of juice Not long ago , Ianuale started using a juice blender , drinking 16 ounces of juice every day , which she says is a major part of her weight-loss program . Her drinks vary , but typically she juices frozen blueberries , lemons , kale , spinach , pineapple , flax seeds , broccoli and carrots . Secret # 5 : Add variety Once she got her food portions under control , she started adding more fruits and vegetables , and protein at dinner . Ianuale stays away from processed foods altogether . "  I do n't eat greasy foods or junk food -- my stomach ca n't handle that anymore , " she said . Secret # 6 : Give yourself one cheat day But she is n't on her diet every day . "  Friday 's my cheat day -- I do n't go overboard with cheating , but that 's my day . " She usually gets a weekly latte and goes out for a nice dinner , still eating somewhat healthy , with a salad or a protein with a vegetable side dish . And the occasional ice cream . After all of this weight loss , Ianuale feels amazing . "  I feel like I can do anything , " she said . "  I have never been this weight or close to it before in my  adult  life . This is not a diet , it 's a life change . This is my new lifestyle and I will never go back . "	Kari Ianuale lost 145 pounds in three years She began exercising at home and cutting portions As her diet and exercise intensified , she shed more pounds
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania prison guard accused of sexually and physically abusing more than 20 inmates has been arrested , according to the Allegheny County District Attorney 's office . Harry Nicoletti , 59 , was arrested Tuesday evening in Pittsburgh , and faces 92 counts of institutional sexual assault , official oppression , terroristic threats and simple assault . According to the criminal complaint , Nicoletti is accused of targeting male inmates convicted of sex crimes , particularly those convicted of crimes against children . The 34-page report details what authorities describe as a pattern of verbal , physical , and sexual abuse directed at the inmates . Nicoletti allegedly raped , slapped , bribed and exposed himself to inmates in the State Criminal Institution at Pittsburgh 's "  F Block . " One inmate said that he assaulted 15 other inmates under Nicoletti 's orders and was rewarded for doing so . He did not elaborate . Nicoletti told CNN affiliate KDKA that the allegations are false . CNN was unable to reach Nicoletti independently , and it could not be determined whether he has an attorney . His preliminary hearing is scheduled for October 7 .	Pennsylvania prison guard is accused of sexually and physically abusing 20 inmates Harry Nicoletti was arrested Tuesday evening in Pittsburgh He faces 92 counts , including charges of "  institutional sexual assault "
CNN  -- One of the problems with American politics is that it is falling prey to sideshows . Issues that really do n't matter -- from the war on Christmas to anything Sarah Palin said recently -- are given headline space above things that really do . And too often the things that do n't matter are about semantics ; someone says something innocent and the entire media explodes in horror . Step forward Megyn Kelly , one of those hyper-glamorous Fox anchors who deliver the news dressed for dinner . Kelly hosted a segment in reaction to an article by Aisha Harris on Slate , in which Harris complained that a white Santa is stigmatizing and suggested he be replaced by a race-neutral penguin  at the risk of excluding polar bears  . In the course of the Fox segment , Kelly addressed the audience directly and said , "  Santa just is white . " She went on to assert , "  Jesus was a white man , too . It 's like we have , he 's a historical figure that 's a verifiable fact , as is Santa , I just want kids to know that . How do you revise it in the middle of the legacy in the story and change Santa from white to black ? " The world went mad . Accusations of Fox starting a race war flew around . MSNBC commentators pointed out that Jesus was certainly not white ; one of them even wrote an emotional letter to Santa pleading for more tolerance . Saturday Night Live came up with the inevitable skit of an African-American Santa saying he is "  as black as Hell . " Opinion : Santa 's color is n't the important thing All of which need n't have happened if Kelly 's critics had watched the video and cut her some slack . The segment is jokey and she opened it by speaking to the kids at home , which is why she repeatedly reassured the audience that Santa is "  real "  no one over 10 years old is that naive  . At first she dismissed Harris ' argument as unnecessary and odd , but then actually came around to endorsing its sentiments , noting that it must indeed be painful to grow up in a culture surrounded by white idols . As for her assertion that Santa is white , her point was that he is universally depicted that way in popular culture . So , too , is Jesus , although it was ignorant of Kelly to imply that this is historically verifiable . Likewise , I suspect the entire segment would not have drawn such controversy if Fox had bothered to invite a single person of color to appear on the panel . There was a gross lack of sensitivity on display . All in all , Megyn Kelly is guilty of using lazy language . The debate surrounding her remarks is a classic example of the U.S. media talking to itself , of point scoring against competitors dressed up as serious political debate . Both the left and the right do it . Teacher to student : You ca n't be Santa -- you 're black For example , Al Sharpton and Bill O'Reilly have a long-running grudge that erupted again last week when Sharpton accused O'Reilly of trying to "  disparage " Nelson Mandela . On the right , of course , Fox is no angel -- just take a look at the almost comical imbalance of its coverage of Typhoon Haiyan versus the problems facing Obamacare . Fox regularly obsesses about MSNBC 's ratings , what its anchors say , as well as standard "  liberals are trying to destroy the world " fare like killing Christmas . Often , there is an unwillingness to show charity toward opponents . When Michelle Obama suggested that sometimes it might be best if kids skip dessert , Sarah Palin parodied this as an authoritarian crackdown on liberty and openly fed her children s'mores on TV to make her point . Palin misinterpreted Obama 's advice as an order ; and much of the media misinterpreted Palin 's joke as a serious statement . The original meaning and intent of the words that people used were largely forgotten in pursuit of a frivolous debate . The reality is that for millions of Americans these issues do n't matter one bit . They 're too busy worrying about debt , taxes and the war on terror . The most common reaction to the "  controversy " over Santa 's skin color would probably be , "  I do n't care . " After all , he is NOT REAL . But unemployment , lack of health care , and terrorism , sadly , are real life issues . Can we discuss something real , please ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Fox anchor Megyn Kelly causes an uproar when she says Santa is just white Timothy Stanley : Can we discuss something real , please ? He says issues that do n't matter are given headline space above things that do Stanley : American media and politics fall prey to sideshows too readily
CNN  Imagine an American billionaire who is so callous that he could fly into Davos , Switzerland , for the annual World Economic Conference and announce that "  America 's lifestyle expectations are far too high and need to be adjusted so we have less things and a smaller , better existence . " Pretty outrageous , do n't you think ? It gets worse . The guy took a pounding , as some of the snarkier commentary noted that he had arrived in Switzerland via private aircraft with two nannies in tow . I would have joined the criticism -- how insensitive could that fellow be ? Except the quote was credited to me and I know that I never said it . Most public people have experienced interview mishaps , and typically it 's a matter of a mistake , or misinterpretation . The most generous thing I can say about the article that was published after that interview was that perhaps the reporter did n't hear half of what I said . I do talk fast , and the conditions were not ideal . But what bothered me most in all this was how this whole incident fed a narrative that the wealthy are detached , that they just do n't care . And , just as bad , they attend meetings like Davos simply to give the impression that they do . In fact , the people I spoke with while I was there were without exception concerned about the struggles of individuals and families affected by globalization , disruptive technologies , and most of all the long-term challenge of economic inequality . I can say these things from experience -- I have often talked about this issue , calling for policies to bolster the middle class and even expressing support for increasing taxes on the wealthy . As a guy who grew up in middle class Worcester , Massachusetts , I know how hard people work just to make ends meet and how years of stalled income growth can drain people of their hope and optimism . I saw it myself growing up when my father lost his business . As a result of what I have seen and experienced growing up and as a businessman I have continued to the problem of inequality many times and voiced support for education , investment in infrastructure , and economic policies to aid those who are middle class and those who aspire to be . The trouble is that too often , our elected leaders are n't listening -- and they are making decisions today that are undermining this country 's future . The reality is that in a global marketplace , people from Indianapolis to Indonesia are often competing for some of the same work with comparable skills . Meanwhile , new technologies are allowing companies to make the same goods , or provide the same services , with fewer people . The result is that our workers are being squeezed on both the supply and demand side , as the labor supply in many industries falls , prompting a decline in wages and overall employment . Here in the United States , we have traditionally counted on superior skills and a strong service economy to counter the effects of international competition . However , in recent years , workers in other countries have become better educated and more qualified , allowing them to compete more aggressively . Transportation offers a telling example as app-based services including Uber and Lyft instantly connect drivers in their own cars with customers who need a ride . Consumers get cheaper transport , and car owners get to earn some money with a vehicle that would otherwise be idle . But Uber will inevitably undermine established car services , and firms that directly pay wages and benefits to workers such as drivers , mechanics , managers and dispatchers . Yes , you may get a cheaper ride across town today , but the cabbie who is put out of work had his or her life turned upside down . Other big industries will be disrupted by 3-D printing , a near miraculous technology capable of creating a perfect prosthesis for someone who lost a leg , or printing an entire building in China . In the not-so-distant future , we may all have these machines in our homes or neighborhoods . The most important manufacturing companies may be those that make the machines and those that make the materials that go into the printers , something that again will most likely require few workers . These developments pose a profound challenge to the United States , and we 'll need a comprehensive strategy that draws on the best ideas available to ensure everyone has a chance to succeed . President Barack Obama 's recent proposal for free community college for all is a good first step . But what the U.S. economy really needs is an over-arching policy to promote lifelong learning , so that workers can continually adapt to new market opportunities . In addition , we also need a stronger safety net for the workers who are displaced , which would give more people time to adjust to a continually changing job market . Unfortunately , the policies we need will not emerge from a media-driven debate that starts with the premise that uncaring rich guys are n't concerned about others . Closing the gap is going to take innovative thinking and a willingness to believe that we are all in this together . We are going to have to trust each other , drop our assumptions , and make a commitment to open and accurate debate . I 'm willing to do so , even at the risk of being cast , unfairly , as the poster boy for the insensitive upper class .	Jeff Greene : People from Indianapolis to Indonesia competing for some of same work U.S. economy needs over-arching policy to promote lifelong learning , he says
PARIS , France  CNN  -- As a look , it is about as quintessentially French as it gets . All the same , from the New Year enjoying a cigarette while you sip on your cafe au lait will become a thing of the past . From January 1 it will be illegal in France to smoke in cafes as well as clubs , casinos and hotels . France is extending its ban on smoking to include bars , discotheques , restaurants , hotels , casinos , as well as its fabled cafes . In a country renowned for its fondness for romance , smoking has never quite shaken off its romantic associations with smoky Left Bank cafes and waifish Parisienne beauties clutching on a Gauloises . In spite of the health dangers , about 13.5 million people smoke out of a population of 60 million with around 26 percent of 15 year olds estimated to smoke , according to 2002 figures from the World Health Organization . A smoking ban was first introduced in France in February this year to cover workplaces , schools , airports and hospitals . The new restrictions will only apply to the inside of premises , meaning smokers are still free to light up on the terraces . Even so , enforcing the ban may prove tricky in a country well known for its cafe culture . To soften the blow , the authorities have agreed to an amnesty over the New Year holiday and will not fully enforce the new arrangements until Wednesday . After that time , any smoker caught will face a fine of $ 450  $ 662  , while hotel and bar owners who fail to prevent smokers from lighting up on their premises will be fined $ 750  $ 1,100  . France has lagged behind many of its European neighbors in bringing in legislation to curb smoking in public places . Ireland became the first European country to introduce a comprehensive smoking ban in 2004 . Since then Italy , Spain , Belgium and Britain have followed suit with similar bans . E-mail to a friend	Smoking ban in France extended to bars , clubs , restaurants , cafes from Jan 1 Smoking ban first introduced in February 2007 for public buildings , workplaces About 13.5 million people in France smoke out of a population of 60 million Similar bans now exist in Ireland , Italy , Spain , Belgium and Britain
BARCELONA , Spain -- Barcelona 's Argentina striker Lionel Messi will be out of action for six weeks after tearing a muscle in his left leg during Tuesday night 's 1-0 Champions League victory over Celtic . Messi is helped off the pitch after injuring his left thigh during Tuesday 's 1-0 victory over Celtic . The Catalan club confirmed on Wednesday that Messi will miss both legs of Barcelona 's Champions League quarterfinal encounter . It will also be a race against time for the 2007 World Player of the Year runner-up to be fit for the semifinals if Barcelona get past an opponent who will be named after the draw on March 14 . Messi picked up the injury after 34 minutes during Barcelona 's victory over the Scottish side , which booked their spot in the last eight by easing through 4-2 on aggregate . It is third time in the last three years that Messi has had the same injury , the last occasion being on December 15 against Valencia , which ruled him out of the ` El Clasico ' derby the following week against Real Madrid . In addition to his chronic problems with his left thigh , Messi has had four other significant injuries in the last two years which have caused him to miss a month or more . Barcelona coach Frank Rijkaard has been forced to defend the club 's medical services in the wake of Messi 's latest injury . "  To doubt that they are doing their best is an insult . The medical staff and the club in general are working to prevent these sort of problems . They are working hard but there is always a player that can be injured , " said Dutchman Rijkaard . Messi 's injury reopens the door for Thierry Henry to claim his place in the starting lineup . The Frenchman has rarely impressed since his big-money move from Arsenal to the Spanish giants last summer . Rijkaard also has other options to replace Messi on the right flank in the shape of Portuguese international Deco or teenage Mexican winger Giovanni Dos Santos . E-mail to a friend	Barcelona striker Lionel Messi is ruled out for six weeks with a thigh injury The Argentine sustained the injury in Tuesday night 's 1-0 victory over Celtic It is third time in the last three years that Messi has suffered the same injury
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The number of drug-related killings in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , so far this year has reached 1,647 , surpassing the death toll for all of 2008 , a city spokesman told CNN . Police gather at the rehab facility where 17 people were killed in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , in early September . A spate of killings since the weekend , including 12 on Tuesday , pushed this year 's death toll higher than the 1,607 recorded murders for last year , spokesman Sergio Belmonte told CNN . Killings in Juarez , located across the border from El Paso , Texas , began to spike in early 2008 , when the Sinaloa drug cartel began a turf war with the Juarez cartel . In response , President Felipe Calderon sent federal troops to patrol the city . About 7,500 troops will remain in Juarez at least for another six months at the mayor 's request , officials said . The army presence has helped curb the violent daylight shootouts that damaged the city 's image and threatened its economy , but killings and reprisals among street-level dealers continue to mount , Belmonte said . On Monday , 635 new police officers graduated from the police academy and joined the ranks of a force that had been thinned by about 700 in the city 's effort to root out corrupt cops . The police department is now up to more than 2,600 officers , Belmonte said . Another 400 cadets are expected to join the force in October . Officials hope that the larger police force , together with investments in police equipment and a new crime-stoppers phone system , will turn things around for the city . More than 5,100 have been killed in drug-cartel violence across Mexico this year , according to a tally by the newspaper El Universal .	Killings since the weekend pushed 2009 death toll past 1,607 killed in 2008 Killings increased as Juarez and Sinaloa drug cartels began turf war in 2008 In response , President Felipe Calderon sent federal troops to patrol the city More than 5,100 killed in 2009 drug-cartel violence in Mexico , says newspaper
Goma , Democratic Republic Of The Congo  CNN  -- The Rwandan military and an allied rebel group massacred ethnic Hutus in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the aftermath of genocide in Rwanda , says a leaked draft report commissioned by the United Nations . The report states that it is not making a definitive conclusion on whether the slayings in Congo amounted to genocide , and that a competent judiciary would have to try the cases . Commissioned by the office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights , the report says "  tens of thousands " of Hutu civilians were slaughtered with knives , bludgeoned with hammers and burned alive as the Rwandan army and the Allied Democratic Liberation Forces swept across Congo -- then called Zaire -- leading to the toppling of dictator Mobutu Sese Seko . The report , titled "  Mapping Exercise , " documents crimes against humanity throughout the Congo between 1993 and 2003 . The Rwandan government blasted the report as "  malicious , offensive and ridiculous . " "  It is immoral and unacceptable that the United Nations , an organization that failed outright to prevent genocide in Rwanda and the subsequent refugees crisis -LSB- and -RSB- is the direct cause for so much suffering in Congo and Rwanda , now accuses the army that stopped the genocide ... in the Democratic Republic of Congo , " government spokesman Ben Rutsinga said in a statement . The final version of the report will be officially published Monday . Its most controversial parts are accusations against the Rwandan government of "  systematic attacks , in particular , killings and massacres perpetrated against members of the Hutu ethnic group . " "  There is no denying that ethnic massacres were committed and that the victims were mostly Hutus from Burundi , Rwanda and Zaire , " the report states . "  The joint mission 's preliminary opinion is that some of these alleged massacres could constitute acts of genocide . " It adds , "  The majority of the victims were children , women , elderly people and the sick , who posed no threat to the attacking forces . " The Rwandan government said the report 's "  extremely serious allegations " are "  based on questionable methodology , sourcing and shockingly low standard of proof . " "  Given the gravity of its mission , the Mapping Team 's failure to consult with Rwanda even though they found time to meet with over 200 -LSB- non-governmental -RSB- representatives is shocking and shows complete disregard for fundamental fairness , " Rutsinga said . More than 1 million Rwandans fled to neighboring eastern Congo when the Rwandan genocide ended in 1994 -- most of them Hutu . In 1996 , Rwanda invaded Congo in pursuit of the genocide orchestrators , who were living amid hundreds of thousands of other refugees . The stated goal of Rwanda during that time was to end the refugee crisis in eastern Congo . But the United Nations report says that the Rwandan military did not discriminate between fugitives and refugees , nor did it discriminate by age or gender . "  The majority of the incidents reported indicate that the Hutus were targeted as such , with no discrimination between them , " the report says . "  The numerous attacks against the Hutus in Zaire , who were not part of the refugees , seem to confirm that it was all Hutus , as such . " The report says people who convinced soldiers that they were Tutsi were let go , while the Hutus were massacred . "  People who were able to persuade the aggressors that they belonged to another ethnic group were released just before the massacres , " the report says . The report says tens of thousands of Hutus were massacred in particular areas with an intent to commit genocide . "  Even if only a part of the Hutu population in Zaire was targeted and destroyed , it could nonetheless constitute a crime of genocide , if this was the intention of the perpetrators , " the report says . Although independent researchers have documented the crimes against humanity committed by the Rwandan government , the United Nations report is the most official and forthcoming accusation made so far . Rwanda indicated that it could withdraw from U.N. peacekeeping operations if the report is published . The country is a major contributor to the peacekeeping force in Darfur , and has sent troops to Haiti . The report is publicly humiliating for recently re-elected President Paul Kagame , who earned praise for helping heal Rwanda after the genocide . In recent years , the nation has developed dramatically , with a reputation as one of the safest , cleanest , least-corrupt and most organized countries in Africa . The fallout of the scathing report is unclear , but it is sure to have an impact . Rwanda 's reconciliation policy is governed by anti-genocide laws that human rights organizations have called intentionally vague . The laws make it virtually impossible to accuse the Rwandan government of human rights violations , crimes against humanity or war crimes . Accusing Rwanda of crimes against humanity committed in the Congo would break those laws . In April , presidential aspirant Victoire Ingabire was arrested in Kigali for saying that Hutus were killed by the Rwandan government , both in Rwanda and in neighboring Congo . Ingabire was charged with ` genocide ideology ' for those comments , and could face up to 25 years in prison . Her American lawyer was arrested on similar charges , but was later released . Col. Patrick Karegeya , who was a senior member of the Rwandan army and a key actor in the wars in the Congo before fleeing to South Africa in 2008 , said Rwanda never set out to commit genocide against the Hutu , but war crimes were committed . "  Civilians died , politicians died , " Karegeya said earlier this month before Rwanda 's presidential election . "  They died in the Congo , they died in other places . "	NEW : Rwanda slams the report as unfair and immoral It says Hutu civilians were slashed , bludgeoned and burned alive The majority of the victims were children , women and elderly people , it says
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- A pregnant 14-year-old raped , a grenade tossed into a crowd by robbers during a getaway . Those are just a few of the stories tucked inside Rio de Janeiro 's main newspaper , O Globo , this week . Crime and violence are chronic problems in Brazil , where the murder rate is even higher than in Mexico . Which helps explain why news of the grisly killing and beheading of a former professional football player did n't even make front-page news in many papers . Police believe that 35-year-old Joao Rodrigo Silva Santos was abducted on Monday evening . When his wife opened the door to leave for work the following morning , she found a backpack with her husband 's head inside . According to Brazilian media , Santos ' eyes and tongue had been cut out . Santos played for a number of mostly second-tier Rio de Janeiro football clubs before retiring and opening a health food store . Police refused to comment on lines of investigation , but media have speculated that it could be related to a break-in at Santos ' store this year . Some newspapers also pointed out that his wife works for the police department in one of the shantytowns that recently came under police control , although she reportedly is a social worker there . The news did , however , make headlines around the world , shining the spotlight yet again on violence in one of the host cities of the 2014 World Cup . And while World Cup tickets are selling at record rates , experts say the violent protest marches that erupted during the Confederations Cup , combined with headlines about crime and violence , might make fans think twice about bringing their families to Brazil . In April : Tourist raped on minibus in Rio Brazilians themselves were horrified by the story , but to a certain degree , they have become accustomed to crime and violence . In Rio de Janeiro , cars drive through red lights at night . The drivers do n't stop for fear of being robbed . Brazilians rarely carry cash , using debit cards even to pay for a cup of espresso . In Sao Paulo , criminal "  sweeps " of restaurants and bars are common . An armed gang moves through in a matter of minutes , relieving patrons of all their valuables . Despite that , murders in the states of Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro actually dropped 76 % and 44 % between 2001 and 2011 , according to the Rio-based Brazilian Center for Latin American Studies . The murder rate in Brazil as a whole has risen 132 % over the past 30 years but has dropped since reaching a peak in 2003 . 10 cops in Brazil accused of killing and hiding body	The horrible killing of a footballer was n't even on the front page of newspapers Crime and violence are chronic problems in Brazil Police are investigating the killing
Despite Republicans ' claims that they 're going to shorten the 2016 primary process , the contest is already under way . At the end of March , potential Republican presidential candidates Chris Christie , Scott Walker and Jeb Bush were among those who rushed to Las Vegas to compete in the first primary for an all-important constituency of one : billionaire casino magnate Sheldon Adelson . In 2012 , Adelson and his wife , Miriam , spent at least $ 93 million backing Newt Gingrich , Mitt Romney and other Republicans in their effort to defeat President Obama and Democrats at every level . These candidates are all too eager to try to court and please the likes of Adelson , who 's trying to buy the White House . But the problem 's not just that Adelson is writing blank checks to the candidates of his choosing . The problem is that Adelson and other super-wealthy Republican donors are directing their largesse to buy elected officials who support policies that benefit their bottom lines at the expense of middle-class American families . People like Sheldon Adelson support candidates who are in favor of lowering tax rates for corporations and the super-wealthy -- people like Sheldon Adelson . But those tax giveaways are n't free . Rep. Paul Ryan 's House GOP budget pays for those tax breaks by gutting funding for investments in education and infrastructure , ending Medicare as we know it , and raising taxes on middle-class families with children . Sheldon Adelson 's not alone . The billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch and their allies have given hundreds of millions of dollars in support of Republican candidates and causes . And their focus is n't limited to the White House , or even House and Senate seats . They 're opening their checkbook to tip the scales in local races in towns and neighborhoods across the country . The Washington Post and The New York Times report that the Koch brothers are investing resources in local races , such as county board and small-town mayoral elections . They 're exerting their influence in debates over local issues such as property taxes . It 's a tall task to stand up to , especially when people like the Kochs are spending with no end in sight . Even Gingrich , whose 2012 candidacy was kept alive month after month by Adelson , is now turning on his former patron and his ilk : "  Whether it 's the Koch brothers or  George  Soros on the left or Sheldon  Adelson  , " Gingrich told the National Journal , "  if you 're going to have an election process that radically favors billionaires and is discriminating against the middle class -- which we now have -- then billionaires are going to get a lot of attention . " According to a George Washington University Battleground Poll , about half of Americans know who the Koch brothers are . Considering the lengths that they have gone to keep their involvement in local affairs secret , that figure is a victory for watchdogs and government sunshine groups , not to mention Democrats . But it 's alarming for anyone disturbed by their ability to exert disproportionate influence with millions of dollars that represent little more than pocket change to them . The Koch brothers are legally allowed to flood "  dark money " into your town , influencing who represents you in Congress or the Senate , or who sits in your mayor 's office . They can do so anonymously , thanks to a ruling by the Supreme Court in Citizens United . And with the court 's recent ruling lifting the cap on the number of candidates Adelson , the Kochs and others can give money to , there seems to be little left in their way . Even though it 's only April , the Koch brothers are already breaking spending records . Americans for Prosperity , one of the Kochs ' front groups , has spent more than $ 30 million since last August running ads in at least eight states . According to The New York Times , AFP has more than "  200 full-time paid staffers in field offices in at least 32 states . " It 's no coincidence that these targets tend to follow Koch Industries ' business interests . In Michigan , Rep. Gary Peters has called attention to the toxic mountain of petroleum coke -- a byproduct of refining oil sands -- that stands in Detroit and is owned by Koch Minerals . Also called petcoke , the substance poses environmental and public health concerns when the dust blows into the air and water . Peters called out the Koch brothers in a news conference at the restaurant of Jacques Driscoll , who lives near one of the petcoke storage sites in southwest Detroit and said he was fearful for the health of his then-pregnant wife and then-unborn child . In return for his efforts to represent the well-being and safety of his constituents , Peters 's bid for the United States Senate has been targeted with millions of dollars in attack ads from the Kochs and AFP . And like the petcoke , the commercials play dirty . One such ad featured Julie Boonstra , who has cancer , claiming that she lost her doctor under the Affordable Care Act and that insurance became "  unaffordable . " A fact check showed that neither claim was true and noted that she even experienced "  substantial savings " under the law . No community is too small . AFP 's Wisconsin chapter flooded Iron County , home to fewer than 5,000 voting-age residents , with a thousand brochures attacking seven county board candidates as "  anti-mine radicals . " Another full-color mailing supported the organization 's preferred pro-mine candidates . The dispute ? A debate over new mining regulations friendly to Gogebic Taconite and their proposal to construct a $ 1.5 billion iron ore mine in Iron and Ashland counties . David Fladeboe , state director of Americans for Prosperity , recently admitted , "  the mining issue has been a big one for us . " One candidate attacked by AFP told the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel , "  I have a hard time understanding why the Koch brothers think I am such a threat to their well-being -- that they single me out in poor little Iron County ? " Sure enough , on Election Day , four out of the seven Koch - and AFP-backed candidates won . Whether billionaires are buying federal candidates who will lower their taxes or local officials favorable to their business interests , their outsized influence is a threat to our democracy , particularly when it is obscured in the form of "  dark money . " Middle-class Americans -- who ca n't afford to buy a school board seat , let alone a U.S. Senate seat -- deserve elected officials and a system that will ensure their voices are heard . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Donna Brazile says billionaires spend money to get politicians who help them Adelson , Koch brothers want politicians who favor lower taxes , she argues Such political spending is legal , thanks to recent Supreme Court rulings , she says
CNN  -- As Russ Berkman understood it , desperate times call for desperate measures . And when your Swiss mountain dog gobbles up your Masters tickets , that means getting out the hydrogen peroxide and getting ready to sift through your canine 's vomit . That 's the choice the Seattle resident made after a fit of panic when he realized Saturday night that his beloved canine Sierra had eaten his and his friends ' four passes to the prestigious Augusta , Georgia , golf tournament . Augusta beyond that exclusive golf club "  Laying on the hardwood floor was just the strings from  the tickets  " as he came in from a short trip outside , Berkman recalled . "  I knew . " With just a few hours to go before he boarded his 6 a.m. Sunday flight east , he called his girlfriend , who recommended he give Sierra some low-concentration hydrogen peroxide solution , which many recognize as a safe way to get a dog to vomit . Thankfully , it was late in the day and Sierra had n't eaten much recently . So when she threw up , the result was "  not as bad as you 'd think , " Berkman said on Thursday . Still , the tickets were far from whole and far from pristine . Berkman was able to cobble together the tickets into something resembling the four passes he 'd received after the annual Masters ticket lottery in August . So Berkman took off , holding the stitched together passes close to the vest . He also kept from his three buddies the news that his dog had eaten their perhaps once-in-a-lifetime chance to traverse the greens of Augusta National Golf Club . The Masters by numbers The foursome had been planning the trip for months , and Berkman said he did n't want to let his friends down  until , God forbid , he had no other choice  . So after a traveling day on Sunday , the friends played golf for 36 holes in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina . The fact Berkman kept darting away for surreptitious phone calls was perhaps the only clue that something was awry . Equipped with what was left of the tickets , pictures of the originals and an e-mail verification of his purchase , he called Augusta 's ticket office on Monday morning in hopes they 'd be "  gracious Southern folks " and let him and his friends attend the event . "  About 10 minutes later , they called back and asked if I was the one with the hungry dog , " Berkman told HLN . "  And I said , ` Indeed I am . ' " Two days later , he and his since-informed friends picked up their reprinted tickets and watched the final practice round for the Masters -- an experience Berkman described as "  incredible , " even after inclement weather shortened their stay . Photos : Masters , Round 1 By Thursday , he was back home in Washington with Sierra healthy and happy by his side . "  She 's just fine , " Berkman said . "  She 's as happy as can be , and completely oblivious to the fact that she 's famous . " HLN 's Mike Brooks contributed to this report .	Russ Berkman says his dog ate four Masters tickets he 'd gotten months ago The dog threw up the tickets , and Berkman then pieced them together Authorities at Augusta National heard his tale , allowed him to attend event His dog is "  happy ... and completely oblivious to the fact that she 's famous "
CNN  -- This month , Inside the Middle East travels to Morocco , a North African kingdom located on the western edge of the Arab world . Host Leone Lakhani visits the bustling commercial hub of Casablanca , which for many recalls the film classic starring Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman . But modern-day Casablanca , like the rest of Morocco , is much different than the movies . In a nation where nearly half of those between the ages of 15 and 29 are either unemployed or out of school , frustration at the lack of opportunities is mounting . Some young Moroccans took to the streets over the past year to protest these realities while others took to the recording studio to speak out - both of which come with risk . One Moroccan rapper , El Haqed , was imprisoned earlier this year because of his lyrics . The program meets several young rappers - from Casablanca to Tangiers - to hear some of the sounds of Morocco 's urban rage . The program also journeys to the southern stretches of Morocco 's Atlantic coastline , to the traditional Berber city of Agadir . Berbers were the first inhabitants of North Africa , and many still follow older customs and practice ancestral crafts . One of these - a beauty oil made from Argan tree seeds - is quickly becoming all the rage among celebrities and high-end shoppers in the West . Lakhani sat down with one Moroccan who is helping to produce the oil - and jobs for women in the country . And what trip to Morocco would be complete without tasting the nation 's world-famous cuisine ? The team heads north to Fes , Morocco 's culinary capital , to receive cooking lessons from Lahcen Beqqi , a top chef who has figured out how to blend traditional cooking with modern techniques . Watch the October show at the following times  all GMT  : Wednesday , October 3 : 1030 , 1730 Saturday , October 6 : 0530 , 1930 Sunday , October 7 : 1230 Saturday , October 13 : 1230 Sunday , October 14 : 0530 , 1930	This month , Inside the Middle East journeys to Morocco Frustration is mounting as half of those between the ages of 15 and 29 are either unemployed or out of school The program meets several young rappers to hear some of the sounds of Morocco 's urban rage .
CNN  -- President Obama finally did it . Through an executive order , the President intends to grant up to 5 million undocumented immigrants relief from deportation . Will the angry bulls rise up ? Has the well been poisoned ? Will Republicans follow through on their threats of government shutdowns because they consider this an "  impeachable offense " ? Republicans , who now have a responsibility to prove that they can govern , should take a step back and see what the President is trying to achieve and then decide whether it 's worth expending political capital to battle over . The President 's Executive Action on deferring deportations for noncriminal undocumented immigrants who have been in the country for many years and contributed to our society will achieve three major goals : 1 . Boost the American economy Studies show that passing comprehensive immigration reform will increase our economic gain by more than $ 1.5 trillion over 10 years , decrease our deficit by almost a trillion dollars in the next 20 years , and boost GDP growth by more than 5 percentage points . While the President 's action is not the permanent legislative reform we ultimately need to gain all these benefits , starting out by letting a large group of people legally work and holding them accountable by ensuring they pay their fair share of taxes will put us on a more prosperous path . 2 . Strengthen our national security Millions of undocumented immigrants will now be allowed to come out of the shadows , be identified , given background checks and legal work permits . This will help us understand who they are and if any are here to do us harm . 3 . Help keep families together America was built on the labor of generations of immigrants . Our strength as a country comes also from the strength of families . Instead of deporting grandmothers and fathers and children , the President will use our precious resources to deport gang members instead . This priority will reduce the tragic loss that occurs when families are torn apart by senseless deportations . For a political party that prides itself in standing for a strong economy , strong national security and strong family values , please tell me -- which of these values are Republicans so adamantly against ? The President 's detractors say he has no constitutional authority to give relief to so many people . While the courts may ultimately decide this , as someone who has worked in what was formerly known as the Immigration and Naturalization Service , I can tell you without question , the President indeed has prosecutorial discretion to decide which limited resources to dedicate to which undocumented immigrants he wants to deport . In fact , immigration officials , district attorneys and other law enforcement personnel exercise prosecutorial discretion every single day . Moreover , Presidents Reagan , Bush I , Clinton and Bush II , each in their own ways , used executive authorities derived from this notion of prosecutorial discretion to grant relief to whole populations of undocumented immigrants for many reasons . Conservatives who oppose the President might also say that an executive order on immigration will poison the well and that he should work with Congress to pass a legitimate and permanent reform the way it should be passed : in Congress . I would be the first one to advise President Obama to wait in favor of congressional action . And by the way , it is the preferred way to go . There is just one problem . We have already seen this movie and we know how it ends . The President has been trying for years to get Congress on the same page . But Republicans have looked for excuses , continued to move the goalposts and voted several times to deport DREAMers . Republicans must understand just how ridiculous they sound when they say President Obama should wait until the new Congress is sworn in and work with them to pass real reform . Who in their right minds -- no pun intended -- thinks that with both houses of Congress controlled by more conservative Republicans who ran on a platform to oppose anything President Obama does , we can get a bill out of Congress that the President can sign ? Republicans will point out that the American people are not on the side of the President on the immigration issue by pointing to a recent USA Today poll indicating that 46 % preferred waiting for a Republican Congress to take action , while 42 % approved of the President taking unilateral action now . However , perhaps a better reflection is the Washington Post September 2014 poll that asked whether Americans would support presidential action in the absence of any congressional action . Support rose to 52 % . The absence of congressional action is exactly what we have had for the past year and half . As such , the American people can not now let Republicans off the hook to get comprehensive immigration reform done legislatively , no matter how upset the GOP may be that the President acted . Temper tantrums are not an excuse for no action . So , the President delivered on his executive action and he , the Democrats and the immigration advocacy community will now have to work diligently to explain to the American people that the well is not poisoned , and that this is the right thing to do for our economy , national security and above all , it is consistent with our American values . For Republicans , it is not too late . They can make what the President announced moot and irrelevant . How ? House Speaker John Boehner could bring the current bipartisan Senate immigration bill to the House floor for a vote on Friday -- and it would pass . Done . So when the Republicans get it together , if they can get it together to pass something the President can sign , the President 's unilateral action would be stopped , the angry bulls will calm down , and showdowns , shutdowns and impeachment hearings can be left for another day . Most importantly , the American people would finally see their elected leaders put politics aside and do what is best for the country .	President grants 5 million undocumented immigrants relief from deportation Maria Cardona : President 's executive order will help America in three keys ways Presidents Reagan , Bush I , Clinton and Bush II have also helped undocumented Cardona : Republicans should help the cause rather than fight over this issue
One hundred years ago Monday , Theodore Roosevelt launched the most successful third party presidential bid in American history , declaring , "  We stand at Armageddon , and we battle for the Lord ! " It was the culmination of the Progressive Party Convention in Chicago on August 6 , 1912 . And its influence still echoes through our politics today . Roosevelt , the former president , had tried and failed to wrest the GOP nomination from his successor , William Howard Taft . His supporters believed that the nomination had been stolen by the conservative power brokers and declared their independence . And so the Progressive Party was briefly born . Known as "  The Bull Moose " party , after Roosevelt 's declaration that he felt "  as strong as a bull moose , " supporters saw it as defending the legacy of Abraham Lincoln against the big business establishment that had taken over the Republican Party after the Civil War . The Democrats -- the populist party whose base was in corrupt , big-city bosses and the states of the former Confederacy -- were also an unappealing alternative . "  The old parties are husks , with no real soul within either , divided on artificial lines , boss-ridden and privilege-controlled , " Roosevelt declared , "  each a jumble of incongruous elements , and neither daring to speak out wisely and fearlessly what should be said on the vital issues of the day . " Roosevelt 's Progressive Party definitely did not shy away from taking fearless stands on the vital issues of the day . The party 's platform backed giving women the right to vote , the abolition of child labor , minimum wages , social security , public health standards , wildlife conservation , workman 's compensation , insurance against sickness and unemployment , lobbying reform , campaign finance reform and election reform . With socialist , communist and anarchist forces gaining momentum across the Atlantic , this was a platform dedicated to Roosevelt 's wise belief that "  reform is the antidote to revolution . " The assembled crowd was not radical , described by the famed Kansas newspaper editor William Allen White as "  successful , middle class country town citizens , the farmer whose barn was painted , the well-paid railroad engineer and the country editor ... women doctors , women lawyers , women teachers . . . Proletarian and Plutocrat were absent . " In other words , this was a Main Street , middle-class revolt against special interests on the far left and far right . Among the Bull Moosers in the crowd were former Democrats and Republicans , including future Supreme Court Justice Felix Frankfurter , columnist Walter Lippman , "  wise-use conservationist " Gifford Pinchot , Judge Learned Hand and settlement house pioneer Jane Addams , who became the first woman to give a nominating speech at an American political convention . The energy of the occasion left an indelible impression on a generation . The best recent recounting of the convention comes in Edmund Morris ' "  Colonel Roosevelt , " the third volume of his essential work of American biography . In the moment , White described Roosevelt "  charging down the hotel corridors , stalking down an aisle of the Coliseum while the crowds roared , walking like a gladiator to the lions . " In contrast to the upcoming conventions in Tampa , Florida , and Charlotte , North Carolina , the atmosphere was one of real , not canned , drama -- electric and unexpected . "  Can we imagine a convention today erupting in ` Onward Christian Soldiers ' just impromptu ? " asks Terrence Brown , the Theodore Roosevelt Association 's executive director . "  We 've come to a place where putting out fresh ideas is dangerous in politics . Candidates do n't want to give an agenda . That 's the difference . TR campaigned with an agenda . He told the convention , ` use me up and cast me aside . ' Take all of these ideas and run with them . ... The goal was moving along the Progressive Party 's vision for what the new America in the 20th century should be . " Roosevelt and the Progressive Party were not successful in their effort to win the White House in 1912 . But they won 27 % of the popular vote -- an all-time high for third parties in presidential elections -- and Roosevelt won 88 electoral votes to Taft 's eight . The Democrats cannily nominated their own progressive candidate , Woodrow Wilson , and he won the election in a landslide against the divided Republicans . But the ideas Roosevelt and the Progressives fought for did succeed in time . Some , such as expanding the right to vote , enacting Social Security and ending child labor , seem obvious to modern eyes . Others , such as the fight for expanded health insurance , remain contentious civic debates . And concerns about the disproportionate influence of big business and other special interests on American elections and policy seem ripped from modern headlines . The political fault lines of the 1912 elections endure to this day as well . President Barack Obama has explicitly tried to cast himself as the inheritor of Roosevelt 's progressive party fight in a Kansas speech earlier this year . The Republican Party still contains competing establishment and reform factions , most recently seen in the factional split between George W. Bush and John McCain in 2000 . And certainly there remain many independent-minded Americans who feel frustrated and politically homeless when faced with the two parties today . They are reformers in a world of radicals and reactionaries . Politics is history in the present tense , and the study of history can inspire us to aim high in our own lives . In honor of the 100th anniversary of the 1912 election , the Theodore Roosevelt birthplace in Manhattan has mounted an exhibit focused on his Bull Moose campaign . Enclosed are speeches , campaign cartoons and political posters .  Full disclosure , I 'm on the advisory board of the Theodore Roosevelt Association  . Perhaps most striking is the sight of Roosevelt 's still-faintly bloodstained shirt , where bullet holes mark the October 1912 assassination attempt , alongside the gun the would-be killer fired . The bullet 's velocity was stopped by an eyeglass case and a thick manuscript , for a speech which Roosevelt characteristically insisted on giving before going to the hospital . "  I have altogether too important things to think of to feel any concern over my own death , " Roosevelt declared . "  I am ahead of the game anyway . No man has had a happier life than I have led . " One hundred years later , Roosevelt 's vigorous citizenship and heroic sense of politics still inspire . If we understand the lessons of his life correctly , it can still instruct . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Teddy Roosevelt addressed Progressive Party 100 years ago as their candidate John Avlon says the issues he championed were ahead of their time , many still relevant today Roosevelt lost the election but gained the highest third-party vote in U.S. history Avlon : Roosevelt 's "  vigorous citizenship and heroic sense of politics still inspire "
Editor 's note : Join Roland S. Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 11:10 a.m. ET Thursday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . A nationally syndicated columnist and Chicago-based radio host , Martin has said he will vote for Barack Obama in November . He is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland Martin says Gov. Sarah Palin talks tough but ducks a lot of difficult questions . CNN  -- Do you know what was so great about Magic Johnson , Larry Bird and Michael Jordan ? They were three of the biggest trash talkers in the history of the NBA , but they had the game to back it up . Somebody should tell that to Gov. Sarah Palin . Sen. John McCain 's vice presidential running mate has been running around the country , firing up her -- yes , her , and not necessarily McCain 's -- loyal supporters by blasting Sen. Barack Obama for "  palling around with terrorists " and demanding that the American people know exactly when he learned of the past of 1960s radical William Ayers . She has stoked the crowds by saying , "  This is not a man who sees America the way that you and I see America . " We all know what that is designed to do : Portray Obama as a foreigner who is n't as American as she . Or you . Or Joe Six-pack , the hockey mom , soccer mom , Wal-Mart mom , NASCAR dad and the other coded words she uses regularly . But what is truly pathetic is that Palin talks tough , but is really scared of facing her own issues . Since she is good at proclaiming that the American people need to know who Barack Obama is -- an attempt to paint him as a shady figure who might occupy the White House -- the American people deserve to hear Palin answer if her husband , Todd , a former member of the Alaska Independence Party , agreed with its founder , who wanted to secede from the union . Is there anything more anti-American than wanting to sever ties with the country ? Send Roland Martin your questions and listen to his program on CNNRadio and CNN.com Live , Thursday at noon ET . It 's critical that Palin answer questions about whether she disagrees with John McCain 's criticism of the Bush administration 's decision to remove North Korea from the terrorist nation list . She spoke in favor of it . McCain did n't . Are they on the same page or not ? The American people deserve to hear from Palin as to why she did n't say a word to rebuke the hateful , pathetic and degrading comments made at rallies featuring her , such as when someone in the crowd called Obama a terrorist , someone else shouted , "  Off with his head " and others suggested he is a traitor . Lastly , do n't you think the self-described maverick needs to own up to what really happened with the firing of the commissioner in Alaska ? She was declared by a special investigator to have been within her rights in firing the commissioner , but she was blasted for abuse of power and violating the state 's ethics act . So what did she say in a conference call with Alaska reporters -- who were not allowed by the McCain camp to ask follow-up questions ? That she was cleared of all wrongdoing , legally and ethically . That 's right . She repeated over and over and over an absolute lie , and we are supposed to say , "  Hey , it 's all fine . She winks at us . We love her hockey mom schtick . Do n't worry about that abuse of power thing . " Well , after having to deal with Vice President Dick Cheney being accused of beating the drum for war by berating and pushing our intelligence apparatus to match his political views on Iraq , do n't you think we should really care about someone who has been accused in a report , authorized by Democrats and Republicans , of using their power and influence to get their way ? Sure , her supporters will say she 's talked to the "  media . " She was questioned by Laura Ingraham , Rush Limbaugh and that self-described journalist -- yes , he really called himself that -- Fox 's Sean Hannity . Palin has done interviews with ABC 's Charlie Gibson and CBS 's Katie Couric , and local TV folks . But why is she so scared of NBC 's Brian Williams ? And why is she so fearful of CNN ? Does she somehow think that our big guns like Wolf Blitzer , Anderson Cooper and Campbell Brown are just too tough in asking questions ? My goodness , Tina Fey has actually done more interviews about playing Sarah Palin than Sarah Palin has done about being Sarah Palin ! Hmmm . McCain , Sen. Joe Biden , Barack and Michelle Obama , Sen. Hillary Clinton , Cindy McCain and even McCain 's 95-year-old momma and Palin 's daddy have all done interviews with CNN , sharing their thoughts on the campaign . But Palin ? Not a whisper . It 's clear that Palin really is n't a true frontier woman . See , when you tote a gun , carry a big stick and spit fire , you are n't afraid to take on all comers . So , Sarah , if you want to talk big on the campaign trail to those audiences that do n't talk back , go right ahead . But if you truly are the maverick politician you say you are , come on and talk to us soft , coddled , elitist journalists . Surely we are n't as tough as the moose you like to take down with your Second Amendment-protected hunting rifle . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Roland Martin : Gov. Palin talks tough on the campaign trail Martin : Palin has ducked questions about many difficult issues Palin has given only a limited number of interviews , Martin says Palin has n't been forthcoming on the Alaska ethics investigation , he says
CNN  -- You knew Tony Soprano from the small things . The way he chewed his cigar in the opening credits of "  The Sopranos . " The way he shuffled to get his newspaper , sloppily clad in a white bathrobe . The way his voice changed , from a schmooze to a bark , when he talked to his psychiatrist . The way he killed . James Gandolfini was a master of the small things . "  I remember telling him many times : ` You do n't get it . You 're like Mozart , ' " David Chase , who created "  The Sopranos , " said in a statement . Gandolfini died Wednesday night while on vacation in Italy . He was 51 . The cause of death was not announced but was believed to be a heart attack . Before "  The Sopranos , " Gandolfini -- a one-time truck driver and bartender who did n't turn to acting until he was in his mid-20s -- was a well-regarded character actor on stage and screen . He had a small role in the 1992 Broadway revival of "  A Streetcar Named Desire " with Alec Baldwin and Jessica Lange , and appeared in such films as the Quentin Tarantino-written "  True Romance "  1993  , "  Get Shorty "  1995  and "  A Civil Action "  1998  . Though his roles were limited , he invested them with beauty and invention . But he appeared destined for a career as the supporting actor until "  The Sopranos " came along . "  The Sopranos " was TV on a knife 's edge . The HBO show , which put the cable network on the map for original material , could have been farce , could have been tragedy , could have been slasher film or kitchen-sink drama or gangster-movie parody . And , in fact , it was all these things , held together on screen by Gandolfini as woebegone Mafia chief  or was that "  waste management professional " ?  Tony Soprano . Tony Soprano was an unusual protagonist , especially for a television show : a violent , brutal mob boss , a beleaguered patriarch , a calculating businessman . It was as if "  The Godfather 's " Sonny , Vito and Michael Corleone had been combined into one hulking bear of a figure . It could have been otherwise . Opinion : Gandolfini 's gift to television -- and America Gandolfini was one of three finalists for the role , Alan Sepinwall observed in his terrific TV history , "  The Revolution Was Televised . " He was chosen because , Chase said , "  the show I envisioned is the show that 's got Jimmy in it . It 's a much darker show with Jimmy in it . " "  At one time , I had said that this thing could be like a live-action ` Simpsons , ' " Chase told Sepinwall . "  Once I saw him do it , I thought , ` No , that 's not right . It can be absurdist , it can have a lot of stupid s *** in it , but it should not be a live-action ` Simpsons . ' " In fact , what it became was the best-written show in TV history , according to a recent survey by the Writers Guild of America . Many episodes were as rich as novels , or as finely wrought as a good short story . Writing , however , will only take you so far ; you need actors to inhabit those characters . And with Gandolfini , Edie Falco , Michael Imperioli , Lorraine Bracco and so many more , "  The Sopranos " gave life to the scripts . Fans can pick their favorites , but two episodes stand out for Gandolfini 's performances . One , "  Whitecaps , " includes a scene between him and Falco  as Tony 's wife , Carmela  that was as raw and painful as watching an argument between your parents .  If the pair had ever starred in "  Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ? " , ticket-sellers could have made a fortune .  The other , "  Join the Club , " features an out-of-body experience in which Tony -- in a coma -- imagines he 's an optics salesman named Kevin Finnerty . Here , Gandolfini drops Tony 's New Jersey accent and with it , his tough-guy veneer . He 's suddenly reasonable , open , somehow brighter . Special effects foreman : "  So long , paisan " It 's easy to confuse actors with their most famous roles ; with this one episode , Gandolfini showed that he was no more Tony Soprano than he was Kevin Finnerty , but that he was playing them . Brilliantly . "  If anything , Gandolfini often took things further than Chase had planned , " Sepinwall wrote . In the pilot , a scene "  called for Tony to slap Christopher  Imperioli  lightly across the face ; instead , Gandolfini picked up the smaller Imperioli to make his displeasure clear . " He worked to get himself into Tony 's frame of mind , Gandolfini told "  Inside the Actors Studio , " as noted in The New York Times ' obituary . He 'd stay up all night , put a rock in his shoe . "  It 's silly , but it works , " he said . "  The Sopranos " gave Gandolfini fame and wealth ; he got in a contract dispute before the fifth season , eventually winning a contract worth around $ 13 million , according to a Variety report at the time . But instead of pursuing Hollywood leading roles , he immersed himself in his craft and his interests . He played a general in "  In the Loop " and the CIA director in "  Zero Dark Thirty , " neither role showy or outsized . He starred in the Broadway production of "  God of Carnage " and was nominated for a Tony . He produced documentaries about wounded soldiers . Galdolfini left his mark on New Jersey Among his last roles was in Chase 's little-seen "  Not Fade Away , " which came out last year . In it , Gandolfini plays another New Jersey sad sack , this one a 1960s grocer failing to connect with his rock 'n' roll-besotted son . He could have played the part as a "  Great Santini " - like martinet , or a befuddled softie , or an ignorant suburban climber . Instead , he manages to fill it with grace notes , amused one minute , frustrated the next , finally a loving father quietly handing his son some money as the boy prepares to drive away . He was a complicated , three-dimensional figure , and he gave the movie unexpected depth . Gandolfini will almost certainly be best remembered for Tony Soprano , his role of a lifetime . It 's a shame that lifetime was so brief . The master of the small things left a legacy that looms large . From the mouth of Tony Soprano : Best quotes	James Gandolfini had the role of a lifetime as Tony Soprano His performance made the character both darker and more relatable at once Gandolfini 's nuanced acting made even his smaller roles shine
Rome  CNN  -- A lawyer for Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has asked Rome prosecutors to investigate an alleged attempt to falsify the birth records of the woman at the center of a sex scandal embroiling the prime minister . The alleged falsification appears to be an attempt to make her appear not to have been a minor when Berlusconi allegedly paid to have sex with her . Rome prosecutors did not immediately respond to CNN questions about the case . Authorities allege that Berlusconi had a liaison with 17-year-old Karima el Mahroug , nicknamed "  Ruby the heart-stealer , " last spring during parties at his villa -- which both deny . Berlusconi is scheduled to stand trial in April on charges that he paid the underage girl for sex and abused his position as prime minister by trying to get her out of police custody , which he also denies . The Italian daily Il Fatto Quotidiano reported last week that someone had tried to falsify the birth records . Berlusconi 's lawyer , Nicolo Ghedini . said in a statement that he asked Rome prosecutors to investigate the allegation that two Italian "  emissaries " had visited a birth-registry official in Morocco , where el Mahroug was born , and offered bribes to make the young dancer seem older . The dancer 's age is significant because it is illegal to have sex with a prostitute in Italy only if she is a minor . Ghedini suggested in the statement that he requested the investigation to establish that Berlusconi had nothing to do with any attempt to change birth records . "  We are dealing with something that tries to surreptitiously damage gravely Prime Minister Berlusconi , who is completely estranged to any eventual illegal action , " the prime minister 's lawyer said in a statement . Berlusconi has been tried on at least 17 charges since his first term as prime minister began in 1994 , but none of the cases have resulted in lasting convictions . Several were overturned on appeal . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Berlusconi lawyer asks prosecutors to investigate an alleged attempt to make "  Ruby " seem older A birth registry official says Italian men tried to bribe her , an Italian newspaper reports Berlusconi is accused of having sex with an underaged prostitute He denies it
CNN  -- "  I will say , this moment is one that I will never , ever forget , " said Jason Glisson , recalling a 2008 trip to La Milpa , Belize . "  I was the first person inside a very , very old manmade chamber . It was an incredible feeling . Then I turned on my headlamp and saw three huge spiders . " The opening to a possible future "  Indiana Jones " movie ? Close . Glisson was describing his discovery of an ancient tomb -- including very well-preserved bones found therein -- as part of his study of archaeology , a passion that began for him when he saw the Indiana Jones movies as a child . "  Obsessed is more like it , " he said , describing his interest in the movies , the first of which , "  Raiders of the Lost Ark , " was released 30 years ago this summer . "  I could probably recite a large majority of the movies . " Even though he 's a fictional character , it 's fairly safe to say that Indiana Jones is the most famous archaeologist in the world . "  As a teacher , I would ask my students , ` How many of you were influenced by Indiana Jones films ? ' " said Fred Hiebert , an archaeology fellow with National Geographic . "  Everyone in the class would raise their hands . " Hiebert is the co-curator of "  Indiana Jones and the Adventure of Archaeology , " an exhibition that makes its worldwide debut at the Montreal Science Centre from April 28 through September 19 and then moves on to other international locations . His enthusiasm for Indy , and the exhibition , is infectious . The exhibition "  has an incredible array of movie props from the films . It 's got a lot of the designs and paintings and artwork behind the making of these films , " he said . "  And , we not only have almost 100 incredible treasures from around the world , but we also have the archaeologist 's drawings and techniques they use to investigate the past . You get to see what was in the minds of the filmmakers , and the archaeologists . " Aside from the "  Indy " versions of the Ark of the Covenant and the Holy Grail , there is a lot in the exhibit for hardcore fans of archaeology as well . "  We have a clay tablet with a map of a Mesopotamian city , one of the world 's oldest maps , " Hiebert said . "  We have a fragment of a pot made 6,000 years ago , with the oldest representation of wine . We have a whole series of gorgeous prescribed pots from South America , and the first video of a scholar reading a scene from a stela , in a language no one has spoken for hundreds of years . " Hiebert said he hopes that with this exhibition , "  People will enter the door as Indiana Jones and they will exit very inspired about archaeology . We want to inspire as many people as possible about science . " Indy has certainly inspired a lot of people in the last few decades , judging from the iReporters , like Glisson , who shared their stories of adventure . iReport : Watch video of Glisson 's excavation "  Thirty years ago I sat in a darkened theater , my eyes glued to the big screen , and was swept away into a world of wonder as ` Raiders of the Lost Ark ' unfolded in front of me , " said Tim Preston of Petaluma , California . "  Like many of my generation , I dreamed of donning a fedora , picking up a bullwhip and setting off to confront the unknown . " Things did n't quite work out like that for Preston , but 10 years ago , he took a chance and flew to Belize to join an excavation with the Maya Research Program . "  One summer turned into another , followed soon thereafter by a graduate degree in archaeology and finally a job doing what I love the most : excavating Maya ruins deep in the jungles of Belize . " Preston finds his occupation quite fulfilling : "  While I have never had to evade a cunningly constructed death trap or hold off a sword-wielding fanatic with my trusty bullwhip , I feel that I am living out the dream that I had as a young man . " iReport : See photos of Preston 's archaeological adventures Jamin Eggert of La Jolla , California , who left his dedicated four-year engineering program at the University of California , San Diego , had a similar experience in 2009 . "  I had dreamed of exploring hidden chambers and escaping in runaway coal cars since I first saw the ` Raiders ' movies as a child , " he said . "  Once the opportunity presented itself , I grabbed my hat and jacket and flew along the ` red arrow ' over the Atlantic . " Taking part in an archaeological dig in Khirbat-en-Nahas , Jordan , was unforgettable for Eggert . "  It was an adventure in detailing history , and I am very fortunate to have been able to be a part . " The excavation was documented in a 2010 issue of "  National Geographic . " iReport : Eggert 's memorable trip to Jordan Jasmine Prater was also intrigued by archaeology at an early age , thanks to Indy , and studied geoarchaeology at the University of Cincinnati in Ohio . In 2007 , she participated in a study in Guatemala 's Maya lowlands . "  The study is ongoing and we hope to learn a great deal about the site selection of the inhabitants in the region . " "  Even though there is n't as much danger and none of the spectacular Hollywood effects , it is no less exciting seeing these sites firsthand , " she said . iReport : Adventures in Guatemala "  Indy 's gung-ho , get anything done attitude has served me well over the past 15 years working in the developing world , " said Dr. R. Grant Gilmore , who runs the archaeology volunteer program at the St. Eustatius Center for Archaeological Research in the Netherlands Antilles . "  Indy is passionate when he is teaching -- that is perhaps the most common adjective used by my students to describe me . I would like to think that I strike a bit better balance between archaeology ` work ' and family life -- thus Indy provides an example of how not to go about things . " Gilmore said he keeps Indy in mind , along with other influences , like Norman Barka and Geoff Egan , when managing more than 650 archaeology sites . iReport : Archaeology in paradise ? Thomas Riddle from Greenville , South Carolina , integrates Indiana Jones ' adventures into his history classes and created the website "  Adventures in Learning with Indiana Jones . " His work on this and in promoting the educational value of the "  Young Indiana Jones " series on DVD led to the opportunity to visit George Lucas ' Skywalker Ranch in October : "  Twenty-nine years after first seeing a scruffy-looking , thrill-seeking archaeologist acquire , then lose , an odd-looking golden idol , I stood face-to-face with that same idol as it grinned at me from behind the glass of a display case . In an instant , I was sitting in a darkened theater watching Indiana Jones do his thing . It was 1981 , and I was 12 years old again . " iReport : Adventures in learning with Indiana Jones Of course , there 's a big difference between the fantastical adventures of the "  man in the hat " and real archaeology  the vast amounts of paperwork , for example  , but even so , fans like Glisson call it "  a wonderful source for inspiration and adventure . " More iReporters talk about how "  Indiana Jones " affected their lives In a time where it seems just about anything can be found simply by searching online , the legacy of Indiana Jones is a reminder that there 's still more of the world left to be explored .	Exhibit of movie props , real artifacts marks anniversary of first film in series Indiana Jones ' legacy extends to scientists inspired by the films Several iReporters describe how the movies sparked career choices
CNN  -- What if robots ruled the world of golf ? A fanciful notion perhaps , but already many tasks formerly performed by humans are now carried out by mechanical devices . And the same maxim is very much in evidence in golf , where products such as balls and clubs only reach the marketplace after being tested to perfection using robotic technology . One developer has mooted the possibility of metal caddies and robot suits to help with coaching , in a sport where human error on the course is cruelly exposed . An industry leader in this field is California-based Golf Laboratories Inc. , whose founder Gene Parente saw a gap in the market when he started his company in 1990 -- and is now hoping to invent a fully robotic player . ` Iron Byron ' led the way Two decades ago , cutting-edge technology centered around a robotic-armed machine nicknamed "  The Iron Byron "  after legendary U.S. golfer Byron Nelson  . It relied on air pressure and pneumatics to generate club-head speed . The contraption was effectively a giant garage door spring , with three speeds : slow , medium and fast . Iron Byron 's drawback was that it could only swing one way , whereas no "  human " swing is exactly the same . Parente and his partner Sean Dynes incorporated robot technology and computer control drive systems to produce a much more sophisticated testing mechanism . "  If you can swing a golf club , we can simulate it , " Parente told CNN . The approach has revolutionized the industry , enabling manufacturers to tailor their equipment to golfers of different abilities -- because not everyone has the athleticism to generate the 130 mph club-head speed of a Woods or a Bubba Watson . But Parente is not content with that level of perfection , and decided to take his company 's innovations a stage further with a prototype robot golfer that will take to the course and hopefully battle the pros . "  It 's more for the entertainment aspect than anything else , " admitted Parente , who said he was in talks with partners to develop the project . Limited capability Technology has clearly come a long way since the Sony Corporation introduced Qrio to the world in 2004 . The likeable robot figure may have been able to hand the winner 's check to Ernie Els at the Japanese company 's sponsored PGA Tour tournament , but its capability was limited . At public demonstrations it could merely putt a ball into a large hole on a mat . Parente 's ambitions extend a little further , inspired by the likes of the computer Deep Blue taking on chess grandmasters before large televised audiences . "  To be able to tackle something as difficult as golf takes this to another level , " he said . While "  Man versus Robot " has an obvious appeal , the majority of commercial applications in golf and other areas are generally based on the principle of "  Robot helping Man . " Perhaps this is because , as Parente flags up , there is a "  fascination/fear " of the Terminator movie scenario where humans are enslaved by a ruthless robotic super race -- a similar theme also explored in the film RoboCop . But as Indianapolis-based company Precise Path Inc. has proved , robots can be put to more peaceful purposes and are very good at mowing grass . They have spent over five years perfecting the technology that sees its patented mower able to cut golf course greens and fairways to perfection . Robot mower ready to roll The robot mower is programed by its users to carry out work on a designated part of the course , and will carry on with the task to completion , come rain or shine . Jason Zielke , chief operating officer and president of Precise Path , claims their product will change the face of golf course maintenance . "  Removing humans from that process has the combined benefit of a significant improvement in quality and consistency , " he told CNN . Precise Path was used for one half of a course in Florida , with normal green-keeping staff cutting the grass on the other . Zielke claimed the greens mowed by the robot "  rolled about a foot faster " than the others ; in other words , they were smoother and better running . Precise Path will go to market in 2012 and Zielke believes its applications will extend to other sports playing fields and public open spaces , saving large amounts in upkeep costs and freeing up staff for other duties . Such advanced technology is expensive and remains outside the budget of the ordinary household , so robots cutting your lawn at home or employed in other tasks such as vacuum cleaning may be a little way off . But according to Rich Mahoney , the director of robotics at California 's SRI International , the technologies employed in robotics and modern consumer electronics are converging . Increased availability "  The cost of some robots is decreasing and the availability of certain types of robots is increasing , " said Mahoney , whose research team is developing low-cost technologies and robotic applications . Extending this to golf , one of these might be in the form of your own personal caddy . "  Imagine a machine that carried your bag and could also give you advice based on every shot you have taken in the last year ? " he told CNN . For some this would be a nightmare scenario , but it would bring an end to those spats between player and caddy when each blames the other for a poor shot ! Mahoney can see other applications in the form of coaching aids . "  A robotic suit , a form of ` super suit ' that guides your movements as you wear it , helping you to learn how to better swing the golf club , " he explained . For the time being , much of this remains in the future , but back in San Diego Parente is confident his robot golfer will hit the fairways soon and cause quite a stir . But he is struggling to come up with a catchy name for his creation like "  Iron Byron " and has settled on Golf Laboratories Computer Controlled Robot . So Parente is hoping his creation will do the talking for him .	Robotics technology is becoming more widespread in the golf industry It is widely used in performance testing of equipment such as balls and clubs San Diego-based company is developing a robot golfer Future roles could involve robots as caddies or personal coaches
New York  CNN  -- Rap mogul Jay Z -- who has been thrust into a debate over alleged racial profiling at Barneys New York -- broke his silence Saturday , defending himself from critics who have insisted he break off his partnership with the tony department store over the allegations . The music icon and entrepreneur spoke in an online statement a day after a second African-American college student claimed that an undercover officers stopped and questioned her after she bought a $ 2,500 bag at the Manhattan store . Jay Z himself has nothing to do with these cases , though he does have something to do with Barneys : He has a fashion line that is set to sell there . A Change.org petition calling for him to end this collaboration had more than 13,000 signatures Saturday night . "  Right as Jay Z prepares to roll out a new partnership with Barneys New York for the holiday shopping season , I 've been disappointed to hear new allegations about how the retailer treats young black consumers , " wrote the petition 's creator , Derick Bowers of Brooklyn . The celebrity -- born Shawn Carter , who in addition to being a rapper runs restaurants , a sport agency and other ventures -- on Saturday issued a statement on his website explaining his silence to date by explaining that he does n't want to jump to conclusions without all the facts . He pointed out that proceeds from his partnership will benefit his charitable foundation , not him , and insisted , "  My idea was born out of creativity and charity ... not profit . " Bringing him into this debate , the rapper added , is n't fair -- especially since the truth has n't been established in the racial profiling cases . "  Why am I being demonized , denounced and thrown on the cover of a newspaper for not speaking immediately ? " he wrote . "  The negligent , erroneous reports and attacks on my character , intentions , and the spirit of this collaboration have forced me into a statement I did n't want to make without the full facts . " Jay-Z added that he and his team are working "  to get to the bottom of these incidents and at the same time find a solution that does n't harm all those that stand to benefit from this collaboration . " "  I am against discrimination of any kind , but if I make snap judgments , no matter who it 's towards , are n't I committing the same sin as someone who profiles ? " he said . "  I am no stranger to being profiled and I truly empathize with anyone that has been put in that position . Hopefully this brings forth a dialogue to effect real change . " Accuser : ' I was attacked ' A day earlier , 21-year-old Kayla Phillips made her case public , telling reporters she was forcefully stopped by four plainclothes officers after leaving the high-end retailer with her purchase in February . She and Trayon Christian , 19 , who claimed he also was racially profiled after purchasing a belt at Barneys in April , want damages from the store and the New York Police Department . Christian has already filed a lawsuit . Phillips said that she had been eyeing an orange suede Celine bag after a friend bought the $ 2,500 arm candy for his mother . After showing the cashier her ID , Phillips paid at the register and left the store with the item in a Barneys bag . She walked out of the Madison Avenue store to 59th Street , where the officers stopped her , Phillips said . "  I was attacked , " Phillips said . The officers -- three male and one female -- questioned Phillips on her Barneys purchase , she said . "  How did you buy this bag , where did you get the money from ? " the female officer asked her , Phillips said . Phillips showed them her debit card , which the female officer took and showed to her partners , bending and examining it , she said . After verifying Phillips ' purchase and returning her card , the officers let her go and did not apologize , she said . In a prepared statement , Mark Lee , CEO of Barneys New York , said "  no customer should have the unacceptable experience described in recent media reports , and we offer our sincere regret and deepest apologies . " "  We want to reinforce that Barneys New York has zero tolerance for any form of discrimination . Our mission is to ensure that all customers receive the highest-quality service -- without exception , " Lee said . Speaking to the claims by Christian , the company said no employee was involved "  in the pursuit of any action with the individual other than the sale . " In a statement , the New York Police Department said , "  We are investigating the allegation . " The department directed CNN to its legal department . Kareem Vessup , Phillips ' attorney , said an impending lawsuit could seek $ 5 million in punitive damages , but the exact amount is still undetermined . He said both Barneys and the NYPD should reevaluate their practices on "  shop and frisk . " "  There 's a call for change , " Vessup said . "  How long had this been going on ? Who else may have been affected by this practice ? " Christian , a New York City College of Technology student , entered Barneys on April 29 to buy a Ferragamo belt he had seen rappers wear on television , his attorney , Michael Palillo , told CNN on Wednesday . Christian bought the belt , left the store and walked a block before two undercover police officers stopped him , Palillo said . When they saw the designer belt , they asked him how he was able to afford it , Palillo said . The officers allegedly accused him of purchasing the belt with a fraudulent card and said they had received a call from Barneys , according to Palillo . Christian said he was detained in a holding cell for two hours and interrogated , as police contacted Chase Bank to check his card , Palillo said . When they confirmed that his card was valid , police released Christian and apologized , Palillo said . In a similar incident , HBO television actor Robert Brown announced at a news conference Friday that he was racially profiled at Macy 's in New York 's Herald Square in June . Brown alleges that he was stopped by at least three plainclothes officers , accused of using a fraudulent credit card and detained in a holding cell inside the store . Brown , star of HBO 's "  Treme , " has filed a lawsuit against the NYPD seeking yet-to-be-specified damages , he said . The NYPD did not respond to CNN 's request for comment regarding Brown 's claims . Macy 's is investigating the allegations , wrote Elina Kazan , vice president of media relations for Macy 's , in an e-mail to CNN , but did note that they "  do not comment on matters in litigation . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	NEW : Some have called for Jay Z to end his Barneys partnership over profiling claims NEW : He says he did n't want to speak until all the facts were clear , now feels obliged African-American shoppers claim they were profiled at high-end retailer "  Barneys New York has zero tolerance for any form of discrimination , " company says
London  CNN  -- The best time to be taking over as chief executive of a bank is when all the bad news is out in public . The announcement of Antony Jenkins ' appointment as the new chief executive of Britain 's Barclays came just hours after the news that the Serious Fraud Office  SFO  had launched a second criminal investigation into the bank 's activities . Barclays has denied wrongdoing . This latest one concerns fees paid to Qatar Investment Authority  QIA  during the bank 's 2008 capital raising exercise . Last month the SFO said it was probing the manipulation of Libor and other benchmark lending rates , the scandal that earlier this year cost Barclays both its former chief executive Bob Diamond and chairman Marcus Agius . On that basis , the ideal time for Jenkins to take over would have been in six months to a year from now when the investigations are completed -- and always assuming that nothing else comes out of the woodwork at crisis-prone Barclays along the way . The worst time would have been three months ago before the Libor scandal broke . Either way analysts and market watchers have been broadly positive about Jenkins ' appointment , which was widely predicted in the financial press . Are some banks too big to prosecute ? What Barclays needs more than anything is a period of stable management to allow it to make some critical changes . These include repairing the damage to the bank 's reputation from the various scandals which have engulfed it . Barclays also needs to change the "  anything goes " trading culture at the investment bank , and come up with an overall strategy that can provide growth against the backdrop of a poor economic environment and a raft of new regulations . It 's not exactly an easy gig . But in many ways , the selection of Jenkins is quite a clever choice . He is from the consumer side of the business and has a track record of producing results . A report from Deutsche Bank comments that the two divisions he has run -- Barclaycard and retail and business banking -- are the only two currently meeting the bank 's 13 % return on equity targets . Jenkins has sat on the bank 's group executive committee since 2009 but has managed to stay out of the negative headlines relating to the banking crisis . He started his career at Barclays back in 1983 as a graduate trainee but also worked for a considerable time at Citigroup , giving him breadth of experience . Levene : Culture of money must change Most important of all he is not Bob Diamond . The brash style of the American investment banker -- who became the chief executive in 2011 , after having spent more than a decade building up the markets business -- was known to have irritated UK regulators and played badly in a political environment where excessive risk taking by banks is blamed for causing the current crisis . To those who suggest that Jenkins does n't know the investment banking business sufficiently to manage it effectively , the riposte must be that not being part of the deal making culture is one of his strengths . Barclays badly needs someone who has enough perspective on investment banking to ask tough questions about which parts of the business make sufficient returns to justify the risks being taken , and that genuinely provide customers with a service . Those activities that do n't measure up should be junked . Age of irresponsibility ? Besides , if Jenkins feels he lacks any knowledge of investment banking , he can simply walk down the corridor and speak to the new chairman of Barclays Sir David Walker who is a veteran of Morgan Stanley as well as the Bank of England and the UK treasury . It may be too early to talk of the Walker/Jenkins combo as the dream team but frankly it 's the best that could be hoped for given the disarray at Barclays and the likelihood of their names being dragged into the mainstream press on almost any trumped up charge . With the new team in place the critical question is what will they deliver ? The speculation that they might split investment and retail banking is probably ill-informed . New UK regulations , arising out of the commission led by Sir John Vickers , already stipulate that retail must be ring fenced so that depositors ' funds are protected from any losses arising in the investment bank . Furthermore , if the bank is to make a decent living from providing genuine services to corporate customers -- as opposed to trading on its own account -- then the universal banking model of offering a broad range of services under one roof is the only sensible route to take . One key part of Jenkins ' strategy is bound to be expanding those same services in the emerging markets , especially in fast expanding Africa where Barclays has a strong presence . One of its strengths is its ownership of Absa , the third largest bank in South Africa . Finally , Jenkins has to make sure that UK retail , the part of the bank he knows best , continues to improve , take market share and most importantly of all assist in the recovery of the bank 's reputation . He would be helped in this task by a speedy result on the two SFO investigations -- into Libor manipulation and fees paid to the QIA -- and a minimum of fallout . But that 's probably too much to ask for and Jenkins may have to accept that he spends the first six months to a year in his new job fighting fires .	Caplen : Ideal time for new Barclays ' chief executive to take over would be six months to a year from now But analysts and market watchers have been broadly positive about Antony Jenkins ' appointment The selection of Jenkins is quite a clever choice -- he is from the consumer side of the bank and produces results But Jenkins may have to accept that he spends the first six months to a year in his new job fighting fires
CNN  -- Benfica 's hopes of snapping a 52-year title drought in Europe were revived by a stunning late winner from substitute Rodrigo Lima in a 2-1 victory over Serie A giants Juventus in Lisbon Thursday . His sublime 84th minute strike left Gianluigi Buffon clutching at fresh air to leave Juventus with work to do in the second leg of the Europa League semifinal in Turin next week . The Italian champions had looked to be in control when Carlos Tevez scored his first goal in European competition for five years to level the match at 1-1 late in the second half . But Benfica 's top scorer Lima , on target twice as his side wrapped up their 33rd Portuguese League title at the weekend , had other ideas as he converted from Enzo Perez 's pass . In a frantic finale , Claudio Marchisio was twice denied by home goalkeeper Artur Moraes and Benfica might have also added to their tally . Ezequiel Garay headed home from a cross by Miralem Sulejmani to put Benfica ahead after only two minutes , but Juventus came more into the match after the early setback and highly-rated Paul Pogba might have leveled before Tevez struck . The Argentina star , who has plied his trade at both Manchester United and City , was played through by Kwadwo Asamoah and slid the ball under Moraes for a vital away goal . Benfica have not won a major trophy since winning the old European Cup in 1962 , despite playing in seven finals in various competitions since , beaten by Chelsea in the title match of the Europa League last year . By legend , the reason for their failure is a ` curse ' placed on the side by former coach Bela Guttmann , who guided them to that last success then left over an unpaid bonus , vowing that they would never taste the same success for 100 years . Fine wins over English Premier League Tottenham Hotspur and Dutch side AZ Alkmaar had left Benfica with the opportunity to reach another final , but Juve have the incentive of a possible title match in their home Turin Stadium on May 14 . The Italian giants have also waited a long time for a trophy on the European stage , having not triumphed since winning the Champions League in 1996 . The other semifinal is an all-Spanish affair and in-form Sevilla beat Valencia 2-0 thanks to two goals in just three minutes in the first half . Stephane Mbia and Carlos Bacca scored for the home side , who have won 13 of their last 16 games , including a victory over Real Madrid .	Benfica beat Juventus 2-1 in Europa League semifinal first leg Substitute Lima scores stunning late winner Benfica looking to end 52-year-old European title drought Sevilla beat Valencia 2-0 in all-Spanish semifinal first leg
CNN  -- Islam Mohmand and his two wives have so many children that he sometimes gets confused and needs help to remember all of their names . They have 20 kids in all but would be happy to bring even more into their small family house . But population experts in Pakistan , where the Mohmands are from , say families like theirs are fueling a population explosion that is fast becoming the country 's most dangerous crisis . Pakistan 's population has grown from around 33 million in 1947 to more than 180 million people in 2012 , making it the sixth most populous country in the world . It is also one of the world 's poorest , with 60 % of Pakistanis living on just $ 2 per day , according to the World Bank . The majority of the population -- 70 % , according to the United Nations -- is largely illiterate and resides in rural areas lacking the most basic services . With only one in five Pakistani women using modern birth control , the United Nations estimates Pakistan will become the world 's third most populous country after China and India by 2050 . "  I consider the population problem the biggest problem of this country , " said Akbar Laghari of Pakistan 's Department of Population Welfare . "  The future is bleak because of this . " He admitted the government has to share the blame as not enough is done to offer effective family planning services and teach people about birth control . "  We do n't have that much mobility , we do n't have the resources , " he said . "  Because of the political upheavals in the country and frequent changes in government ... they -LSB- the government -RSB- are not giving it top priority . " With widespread poverty , an energy crisis , woeful public services , and a bloody , resource-draining insurgency , Pakistan can ill afford to see this rapid growth continue . "  Naturally there will be epidemics , there will be wars -- there will be fights for food , water and everything , " Laghari warned . "  It 's a huge concern that we 're growing at one of the fastest rates in Asia , " said Zeba Sathar , Pakistan country director for the Population Council , a non-profit organization that specializes in public health research in developing countries . "  I think it 's an ignored problem . We 're brushing it away and I 'm afraid we 're losing time . " Sathar says many people are unable to make informed decisions because support services such as family planning are lacking . "  The poor end up with many children because they do n't have access to right kind of information , " she said . "  We 're doing a lot of research where women say ` we did n't want that many children , ' or they wanted to have them later but they just did n't find the services . "  The philosophy is we 're not into controlling the number of children . If you can bring up a healthy family with 20 children , kudos to you . It 's a question of running out of resources . It 's when the 15th one suffers . " But the Mohmand children are already paying the price -- the family can only afford to send four of their offspring to school , the rest have to work to support the family . A lack of education is not the only challenge . Pakistan is a deeply conservative country , where some view birth control as un-Islamic . "  None of these methods is allowed in Islam , " said Maulana Tanveer Alvi , a Muslim cleric . "  Whatever is born in the world -- animals , humans , anything living -- God is responsible for their care . "  The process of reproduction will go on until God stops it . Why should a Muslim worry about the increase in population when God has taken responsibility for everyone 's care ? " Culturally , many women are often confined to the marital home and deprived of the right to make important decisions such as whether to have a child . "  Women do n't always get to choose ... they require permission from their husband or even their mother-in-law , " said Laghari . However , other Muslim countries with similar problems to Pakistan , including Bangladesh and Iran , have introduced measures to curb their growing populations . Experts say those countries started with the political will to do something and spent a lot of time and resources on family planning efforts . The World Health Organization  WHO  says government field workers and satellite clinics are the two crucial elements in the campaign in Bangladesh -- which saw its population grow from 75 million when it gained independence in 1971 , to more than 142 million currently . It said thousands of Health and Family Welfare centers have been upgraded nationwide , while Family Welfare Assistants provide door-to-door visits giving millions of couples family planning support and sexual health education .	Pakistan 's population has grown from around 33 million in 1947 to more than 180 million people in 2012 UN estimates Pakistan will become world 's third most populous country after China and India by 2050 Pakistan suffering from widespread poverty , an energy crisis , and a bloody insurgency Other Muslim countries in the region -- such as Bangladesh -- have successful birth control programs
CNN  -- Triathlon has a reputation for being expensive . In fact , the perceived costs are enough to stop some prospective participants from taking up the challenge . There 's no doubt that triathlons are harder on the bank balance than other sports , such as running , soccer , baseball or swimming . But believe me when I say that you do n't need to max out your credit card to do triathlon , to enjoy triathlon and even to succeed in triathlon . In 2007 , I raced my first Ironman on a road bike  not the normal TT bike used for Ironman racing  with regular wheels . I borrowed my friend 's race kit , and wore a $ 20 pair of sunglasses I bought from a gas station in New Zealand three years prior to the race . The most important investment you can make is in the form of hard work , drive and determination . The most important piece of equipment you can have is a huge heart . The most important weapon in triathlon is your mind . 10 ways to act like a champion Having said that , it 's hard to compete in a bike ride without a bike . And race directors are not overly keen on your swimming , biking or running in your birthday suit . So here are a few items that every triathlete , budding or otherwise , needs to be able to train and race in this amazing sport : Goggles : Leaky , ill-fitting goggles can cause panic and discomfort . If possible , try goggles on before you buy them . They should stay on your face , even without the strap . Your eyelashes should n't touch the lenses , and the nose piece should n't cut you like a knife . Slightly tinted goggles are best , as they are suitable for both cloudy and sunny conditions . Wetsuit : Wetsuits are mandatory in some races . They help keep you warm and also provide buoyancy . Ideally , your wetsuit should be swim/triathlon specific , rather than a surf wetsuit . You do n't need to spend a fortune -- some companies offer one-off , monthly or even season rentals . Just make sure you swim in the wetsuit before race day and learn how to get it on and off properly . It needs to be snug , but not too tight or restrictive . Swimcap : These are usually provided by race organizers , but a spare is useful for training and for doubling up if the water is cold . Bike : You need one , but what kind ? Bikes can be few hundred dollars or as much as the price of a car . If you 're just starting triathlon and only planning on doing one or two local events , you can use a beach cruiser , shopper or mountain bike . But if you are thinking of doing more , it 's probably best to buy a road bike -- which you can train , race and even commute on . Secondhand bikes can be a great value , but it 's your responsibility to make sure your bike is roadworthy . Getting a personal "  bike-fit " from a bike shop is worthwhile . Race day tips from an Ironman champ Shoes : Whether you use regular or so-called clipless pedals  a bit of a misnomer , as you actually clip into them  will depend on your cycling experience and confidence . Your choice of pedal determines what shoes you wear . Cleated shoes  these lock onto the pedals  are definitely not essential for those new to cycling . With flat pedals you can use the same shoes for cycling and running . Buy a sturdy running shoe that you can trust that suits your form/biomechanics  a good running shop can help with this  . Helmet : Of course , helmets are a must , but it does n't have to be the all-song-and-dance "  aero " kind . A regular brain bucket will protect your head fine ; just make sure it has passed the necessary safety tests . Race suit : You could wear a pair of shorts and a T-shirt under your wetsuit and keep them on until the finish line . But while not essential , opting for a tri suit in a race enables you to wear the same outfit from start to finish . There are basically two options , a single-piece tri suit , or a two-piece shorts and singlet . Tri training : Taking to open water There are lots of other items that are useful , but not essential , and it 's easy to spend far more than you need to succeed . Start with the gear listed here , and then make sure you can use it . Once you fall in love with the sport , and if your wallet can handle the pressure , you may want to add some optional extras or upgrade what you have . But remember , it 's not all about the gear . It 's about the idea , the plan , the ambition ... . the dream .	Champion Chrissie Wellington did her first Ironman using a friend 's race kit Wetsuits are mandatory in some races ; a good one will keep you warm and provide buoyancy Bikes can be a few hundred dollars or as much as the price of a car
CNN  The Department of Homeland Security is increasing security checks at American airports because of concerns over new bomb-making instructions released by al Qaeda in Yemen  AQAP  , the terrorist group which U.S. intelligence agencies believe may have been behind the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris , U.S. officials tell CNN . They say the new measures will feature additional random checks after passengers make it through security and will include passenger pat-downs , bag checks and hand swabs for traces of explosives . The new issue of AQAP 's Inspire magazine , released on December 24 , featured instructions on how to build what AQAP called a "  hidden bomb " from easily purchasable materials . It also included directions on how would-be lone wolves worldwide can evade airport security scanners and sniffer dogs . In recent months , AQAP 's leadership has repeatedly stated hitting the United States is a priority . The new issue of Inspire made clear it viewed lone wolf attacks by its supporters in the West as an increasingly important part of these efforts . The magazine claimed the recipe was for a simplified version of the device used in an attempt to blow up a U.S. passenger jet over Detroit five years ago . On Christmas Day 2009 , Omar Farouk Abdulmutallab , the so-called "  underwear bomber , " attempted to detonate an explosive device built by Ibrahim al Asiri , AQAP 's master bomb-maker , on a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit . The main charge -- a white powdery explosive called PETN which airport security scanners at Amsterdam airport did not detect -- failed to detonate as the plane approached Detroit . The new recipe does not involve the manufacture of PETN , a substance difficult for extremists to manufacture or obtain in the West . Instead , it contains similarities to a bomb formula put out by the group in the first issue of Inspire in 2010 called "  Make a Bomb in the Kitchen of Your Mom . " That recipe was downloaded and used by the Boston bombers and several other extremists in plots on both sides of the Atlantic . In the new issue , AQAP suggested its external operation division had greenlighted sharing the recipe because al Asiri and his team had developed a new generation of more sophisticated devices . What is AQAP ? In 2012 Saudi and Western intelligence foiled a plot by AQAP to bomb a U.S. plane with an updated version of the underwear device . It is not clear if the recipe is viable or if it would have enough explosive power to endanger an aircraft . Nor is it clear if the device would have any chance of getting through explosive scanners at airport security . U.S. officials and explosive detection experts tell CNN that advanced detection equipment , including body scanners , should catch even previously hard-to-detect explosives like PETN , even if detection experts say they do n't provide a 100 % guarantee . But U.S. officials say advanced body-scanning technology is not available in some smaller U.S. airports . The authors of the latest issue of Inspire magazine claimed that if enough lone wolves launch attempts with their suggested device , some would get through . The magazine stated that even if the devices were detected or malfunctioned they would bring terror to the West . The key aim , the group stated , was to undermine the American economy . It listed several American airline companies , as well as British and French carriers as targets . It said that lone wolves should claim responsibility by writing emails timed to be distributed after their operations . In the 112-page issue the group also mentioned recent lone wolf attackers in Canada , the United States , Australia and France , calling a hatchet attack on NYPD police officers in Queens in October "  splendid . " Counterterrorism officials on both sides of the Atlantic been concerned about technical instruction provided by Inspire magazine for several years . In August 2013 the British security agency MI5 revealed to the UK parliament 's intelligence and security committee that "  Inspire " has been "  read by those involved in at least seven out of the 10 attacks planned within the UK since its first issue  in 2010  . We judge that it significantly enhanced the capability of individuals in four of these 10 attack plots . " Magazine story on bomb making prompts airport searches	New measures feature additional random checks after passengers make it through security AQAP 's leadership says lone wolf attacks that hit the U.S. , West are a priority Terrorists ' Inspire magazine stated that even if new devices were detected or failed , they would bring terror to the West Counterterrorism officials have been concerned about technical instruction provided by Inspire for years
Cleveland  CNN  -- The man accused of kidnapping three Cleveland women and holding them for close to a decade abused all of them but used captive Michelle Knight as his main "  punching bag , " a family friend of one of the victims told CNN . The friend said suspect Ariel Castro hit Knight with a variety of objects , including hand weights . She has suffered vision loss , joint and muscle damage , and other problems from her time in captivity . Castro , 52 , was jailed on charges of kidnapping and rape after one of the women , Amanda Berry , escaped from the home with the aid of neighbors on May 6 . Knight , 32 , stayed in the hospital for several days after the other two women left . She has released a statement saying she 's doing well . "  I am healthy , happy and safe and will reach out to family , friends and supporters in good time , " Knight said . According to an initial incident report obtained by CNN , the three women told police Castro had abducted them between 2002 and 2004 , held them captive and sexually assaulted them . The family friend said Castro treated Berry slightly better than the other two women and Knight was treated the worst . All three women were underweight , the friend said . How the abductions happened Berry gave birth to a daughter fathered by Castro , according to DNA testing by the Ohio state crime lab . Knight said she became pregnant at least five times while in Castro 's 1,400-square-foot home , according to the incident report . When that happened , she told investigators , Castro "  starved her for at least two weeks , then he repeatedly punched her in the stomach until she miscarried . " Knight said he ordered her to deliver Berry 's child , according to a police source familiar with the investigation . The baby was delivered in a plastic tub or pool in order to contain the afterbirth and amniotic fluid , the source said . Panic ensued soon after . The child stopped breathing , and everyone started screaming , the source said , citing accounts by the young women . Knight said Castro threatened to kill her if the baby did not survive , the initial police report states . "  What 's most incredible here is that this girl who knows nothing about childbirth was able to deliver a baby that is now a healthy 6-year-old , " the police source said . Castro intends to plead not guilty , his attorneys told CNN affiliate WKYC in an exclusive interview . "  I know the media wants to jump to conclusions and all the people in the community want to say terrible things about the person who 's accused , " attorney Jaye Schlachet told the station . "  We are not even at the beginning of the process . If this was a marathon race , we 're not even at the starting line yet . " Castro 's defense team may seek to move the trial out of the Cuyahoga County to improve their client 's chances for a fair trial , lawyer Craig Weintraub said . He said Castro is "  completely isolated from society " without access to television , radio or newspapers and is under suicide watch in a Cuyahoga County jail cell . I , too , am an abduction survivor ` They 're the true heroes here ' On Wednesday , Cleveland police held a ceremony recognizing the work of officers who responded to the call at Castro 's house . Patrol Officer Anthony Espada recalled the emotion at the scene . "  It just took everything to hold everything together . I tried to do my best to broadcast all the information over the radio without actually breaking down because I was on the verge , " he said . "  They were just so brave , going through all that for all those years . They 're the true heroes here . " He said officers did n't think twice about going into the house . According to the initial report , the women told investigators that they were chained in the basement but later were moved upstairs to rooms on the second floor . They were allowed out of the home only twice , and then just briefly . Since their release , Knight and Gina DeJesus , the third captive , have talked on the phone at least once , according to a source who has been talking to all the victims ' families and attorneys . One of the them asked to speak with the other after they were freed , said the source . The women are learning how to use new , and not-so-new , technology they missed out on during their years in captivity , the source said . A glimpse of Castro 's yard Who is Michelle Knight ? Knight 's disappearance generated far less publicity and attention than did those of Berry and DeJesus , and a level of mystery still surrounds her case . Cleveland police removed Knight 's name from an FBI database of missing people in November 2003 -- 15 months after her family reported her missing -- police said . They did so after "  failing to locate a parent , guardian or other reporting person to confirm that Ms. Knight was still missing . " Police said , though , that her missing person 's case remained open and was checked on as recently as November 2012 . As of last week , her family still did n't know exactly where she was . Knight had n't spoken yet with her mother , Barbara , a family spokesperson said . In fact , Knight 's family had no idea where she was and had asked police for information on her whereabouts . What little is known about Knight 's whereabouts comes from a source close to the investigation , who told CNN that Knight "  is in a safe place and very comfortable . " The source did not specify further . There were reports that Knight was at the DeJesus home , and there was a lot of activity there Saturday morning , but Knight was not there . Ohio women just want to be with families The Knight family apparently has a fractured history . According to the Cleveland Plain Dealer , Knight became pregnant and dropped out of school . Her mother told the newspaper that she then became involved with an abusive man , who , she thinks , hurt her toddler grandson . The incident reportedly kicked off "  a chain of events that led Michelle to lose custody of the child . " Knight vanished soon after that , on a day she was set to make a court appearance in the custody case , Barbara Knight told the Plain Dealer . Times were n't always so tough for Knight though . Her mother recalled happier days , when her daughter had lots of friends and fed apples to a neighbor 's pony . She liked fire engines and art class . After helping her mother deliver a litter of puppies , Knight decided she likely wanted to be a veterinarian , Barbara Knight told the Plain Dealer . "  I really miss her , " she reportedly said . "  She was my daughter , but she was also my friend . She tried to make the best of her life and wanted to finish school . She never got the chance to go back . " Inside Cleveland 's haunted house CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : "  They 're the true heroes here , " officer says about kidnapped women Knight said she became pregnant at least five times while held captive Ariel Castro starved and punched her until she miscarried , she told investigators Castro intends to plead not guilty , his attorneys tell CNN affiliate WKYC
CNN  -- The father of George Zimmerman , the man accused of shooting and killing and unarmed black teen , says the teen threatened to kill Zimmerman and beat him so badly that it forced Zimmerman to shoot Trayvon Martin . "  Trayvon Martin said something to the effect of you 're going to die now or you 're going to die tonight , something to that effect , " Robert Zimmerman told Orlando news station WOFL . "  He continued to beat George . At some point , George pulled his pistol . Did what he did . " In the interview Robert Zimmerman , his face obscured because he says he fears for his safety , vehemently defended the shooting that has caused outrage throughout the nation , moved President Obama to call it a tragedy and prompted a federal investigation . Robert Zimmerman told the news station that Martin confronted his son first and pummeled his son continually . "  He was punched in the nose . His nose was broken , " Robert Zimmerman said . "  He was knocked to the concrete . Trayvon Martin got on top of him and just started beating him . In the face . In his nose , hitting his head on the concrete . " Robert Zimmerman was not there the night of the shooting and did not say during the interview how he knew the details of the altercation . The elder Zimmerman 's account was disputed by Martin 's family attorney and several other legal experts . A surveillance video taken the night of the incident at police headquarters shows Zimmerman , his hands cuffed , exiting a patrol car . The video , first broadcast Wednesday by ABCNews.com , shows an officer looking at the back of Zimmerman 's head . The video did not provide a close-up of Zimmerman 's head but some say it shows Zimmerman did not have significant injuries to his face . "  The injuries that made it sound as though he really should have been on a stretcher are not apparent in this tape at all , " said Marcia Clark , the former prosecutor in the O.J. Simpson trial . "  He moves freely . He moves fluidly , not like someone who has just been through a beating in anyway shape or form , someone 's whose head has been pounded on the pavement as hard as described , someone who 's nose was broken and bleeding . That tells you a great deal . " Sybrina Fulton , Martin 's mother , said the video is another strong piece of evidence proving her son was killed unjustly . "  I believe that this video is the icing on the cake , " she said . "  This is not the first part of the evidence that they have had . They have had the 911 tapes and they have also have witnesses . This is in addition to what the Sanford Police Department has always had . There is no problem with this case and he needs to be arrested . " The 17-year-old was shot to death February 26 by George Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , as Martin was walking back to his father 's fiancee 's house in Sanford , Florida . He was wearing a hoodie and carrying Skittles candy and a can of iced tea he had purchased from a nearby convenience store . Zimmerman says he killed Martin in self-defense after the teen attacked him in the gated community . Zimmerman has not been arrested and authorities have said said he has not been charged because there are no grounds to disprove his story of what happened . The shooting has hit a nerve in the nation , sparked a debate about racial profiling and ignited protests and calls for Zimmerman 's arrest . Robert Zimmerman said his son is having a hard time dealing with the criticism . "  I never foresaw so much hate coming from the president , the Congressional Black Caucus , the NAACP . Every organization imaginable is trying to get notoriety or profit from this in some way , " Robert Zimmerman told WOFL . "  But there 's so much hate that I have never been involved in hate and George has n't . It 's really unbelievable . " Robert Zimmerman said her son is not racist and race had nothing to do with incident . "  He would do anything to help anybody at any time . He 's color blind when it comes to any race , " Robert Zimmerman said . Tracy Martin , Martin 's father , said Wednesday that the 911 tape shows Zimmerman was profiling his son . In a recording of Zimmerman 's call to police , some people have said they hear what sounds like a possible racial slur . CNN enhanced the sound of the 911 call , and several members of CNN 's editorial staff repeatedly reviewed the tape but could reach no consensus on whether Zimmerman used a slur . Angela Corey , the special prosecutor assigned to investigate the case , said Tuesday that investigators would look into the allegations that Zimmerman used a racial slur . Martin , who lived in Miami , was visiting Sanford after receiving a 10-day suspension from school , a family spokesman has said . An empty plastic bag found in his book bag was determined to contain marijuana residue . Crump , Martin 's parents ' attorney , said information regarding the suspension was irrelevant and amounts to a smear campaign against the youth . Florida law allows the use of deadly force anywhere a person feels a reasonable fear of death or serious injury . It has been cited in a number of justifiable homicide cases in Florida . But as more and more information surfaces , the picture of what happened becomes more complicated . Despite the twists and turns in the case Fulton , Martin 's mother , says she still has faith in authorities investigating her son 's case . "  I feel confident that they 're going to do a thorough investigation , " Fulton said . "  We 're trying to be patient , even though it 's been over a month . We 're trying to be patient , and we 're trying to press on for justice . " CNN 's Umaro Djau , Deirdre Walsh , Ed Payne and Tracy Sabo contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Video shows Zimmerman at police station "  He continued to beat George , " father tells news station Martin family and some legal experts say videos shows Zimmerman was not severly beaten
Editor 's note : Jim Rogers is chief executive officer of Charlotte , North Carolina-based Duke Energy , which generates much of its power from coal-burning plants and is making investments in clean energy technology in China . Jonathan Lash is the president of the World Resources Institute . Ming Sung is Asia Pacific representative of the Clean Air Task Force . Jim Rogers , CEO of coal-burning Duke Energy , wants the U.S. to join with China against greenhouse gases . CNN  -- There is a lot of rhetoric on Main Street and in our nation 's Capitol these days portraying China as a job-stealing polluter whose economy is growing at the expense of the United States . But business leaders and policy advocates who work in China see a different picture : a China that is investing heavily in innovation and determined to win the global race to supply its citizens and the world with clean energy technologies . China is the largest producer of solar water heaters , with 50 percent of the world 's production and 65 percent of all installations . It produces 30 percent of the world 's photovoltaic sets and is installing wind turbines faster than any other nation . China 's expanding middle class is increasingly mobile , with more than 50 million electric bicycles , and China is developing the first mass-produced plug-in hybrid electric car . The country has 14 nuclear power plants under construction and plans to start 10 more next year . Although there has been much talk about creating "  green jobs " in the United States , China leads the world with its massive investment in energy efficiency and renewable power . China 's growth has come with a heavy price : pollution . China produces 80 percent of its electricity from coal and now leads the world in greenhouse gas emissions and other pollutants . Dirty air and contaminated water affect many millions of Chinese and are two of the nation 's most serious problems . Although the United States has made great strides in reducing pollution in recent decades , we are still the world 's second largest source of greenhouse gas emissions , with emissions per capita four times higher than China 's . Our nation is also heavily dependent on coal and imported oil . We are moving ahead in solar energy , wind and efficiency , but we are doing so in a fragmented , state-by-state approach that reflects our democracy and regulatory structures . By forging relationships with leading Chinese state-owned and private energy and technology companies , U.S. companies -- at times working with the federal government -- can create a "  ladder of cooperation " with the Chinese to lead the world forward on climate change . We will not climb this ladder overnight but one rung at a time . With the United Nations ' climate change conference in Copenhagen , Denmark , just two months away , it is imperative that our two nations establish a more trusting , give-and-take relationship upon which good business partnerships are built . The World Resources Institute , the Clean Air Task Force and Duke Energy have started this work , with great prospects for results . WRI , an independent , non-partisan environmental research organization , is working with China to calculate its greenhouse emissions as a key part of its next national Five-Year Plan to advance its economy . The intent is to develop reportable and verifiable measures in the plan that could facilitate China 's participation in an international climate agreement . Duke Energy recently announced a memorandum of understanding with the China Huaneng Group , China 's largest power generator , and the ENN Group , one of the nation 's largest private energy companies . The focus of these efforts is to cooperatively develop and commercialize an array of clean energy technologies . The Clean Air Task Force -- an environmental organization advancing clean technology in the United States and China -- is pivotal to Duke Energy efforts . It has created a network of a dozen Chinese and U.S. companies to develop joint business ventures to build advanced , low-carbon coal technology in China and around the world . This network is expanding to include an array of other renewable and clean energy technologies . Historically , Americans have known little about China and , at times , are justifiably concerned about its growing power and influence . This is changing as our trading and financial interdependencies grow . Today , China is the largest exporter to the United States and the largest holder of U.S. debt . It is clearly not beneficial to either country to turn back the clock . There always will be healthy competition between China and the United States in developing and marketing technologies , but we must work closely together to scale up and commercialize the best ideas , regardless of whether it comes from our two nations or other countries in Europe or Asia or North America . China and the United States bring extraordinary and complementary skills to the table . China 's 1.3 billion people and unmatched economies of scale can bring new technologies to market fast -- in "  China time " -- at a speed that is virtually impossible anywhere else in the world . The United States is the world 's largest economy , with an educational and technological infrastructure that is unmatched in the world , and stable energy regulation and investment policies . The sooner we get to work on achieving proposed congressional targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 80 percent by 2050 , the less expensive addressing climate change will ultimately be . We need to build on the emerging cooperation that exists between our two nations on energy and climate . We need to take responsibility for the fact that we are the world 's two largest emitters of greenhouse gases . If the United States and China can come together to lead on addressing climate change , the rest of world will follow . To make this relationship work , each country should leave fear and timidity at the door , put economic self-interest to work and forge the strategic partnerships necessary to get the job done . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jim Rogers , Jonathan Lash and Ming Sung .	Authors urge 80 percent less greenhouse gas by 2050 They want big polluters U.S. , China to cooperate Goal : Create path for Chinese participation in climate agreement , authors say They say Clean Air Task Force to build low-carbon coal technology in China
The World Health Organization wants you to stop eating so much sugar . Seriously . In draft guidelines proposed this week , WHO is encouraging people to consume less than 5 % of their total daily calories from sugars . The organization 's current guidelines , published in 2002 , recommend eating less than 10 % of your total daily calories from sugars . Most Americans still consume much more . Our sweet tooth increased 39 % between 1950 and 2000 , according to the USDA . The average American now consumes about three pounds of sugar each week . "  There is increasing concern that consumption of free sugars , particularly in the form of sugar-sweetened beverages , may result in ... an increase in total caloric intake , leading to an unhealthy diet , weight gain and increased risk of noncommunicable diseases , " WHO said in a statement . Of particular concern , WHO said , is the role sugar plays in causing dental diseases worldwide . For an adult at a normal body mass index , or BMI , eating 5 % would be around 25 grams of sugar -- or six teaspoons . That 's less than is typically found in a single can of regular soda , which contains about 40 grams of sugar . Real or fake sugar : Does it matter ? To find the amount of calories from sugar in a product , multiply the grams by 4 . For example , a product containing 15 grams of sugar has 60 calories from sugar per serving , according to the American Heart Association . If you eat 2,000 calories a day , that 's 3 % . WHO 's proposed guidelines apply to sugars added to foods by manufacturers , as well as those found naturally in honey , syrups , fruit juices and fruit concentrates . They do not apply to those found in fresh produce . "  Much of the sugars consumed today are ` hidden ' in processed foods that are not usually seen as sweets , " the WHO website states . Did you know sugar is often added to your frozen pizza ? How about your bread , soup , yogurt and mayonnaise ? As consumers became more concerned about the amount of fat in their food , manufacturers went out of their way to make low-fat items -- often substituting sugar to preserve the taste . Choosing foods with fewer added sugars at the grocery story may soon get a little easier . The Food and Drug Administration has proposed several changes to the nutrition labels you see on packaged foods and beverages . The proposed labels would also note how much added sugar is in a product . Right now , it 's hard to know what is naturally occurring sugar and what has been added by the manufacturer . The WHO guidelines will be open for public comment until March 31 . Then WHO will finalize and publish its recommendations .	The World Health Organization proposes new guidelines for sugar consumption WHO says we should eat less than 5 % of our total daily calories from sugars For an adult with a normal BMI , 5 % is around 25 grams of sugar Of big concern is the role sugars play in causing dental diseases worldwide
CNN  -- A cruise ship returned to Charleston , South Carolina , on Friday after more than 400 passengers got sick during a trip to the Caribbean . The Celebrity Cruises ' ship Mercury ended a voyage marked by an outbreak of a gastrointestinal illness that sickened 435 of 1,838 passengers , said Cynthia Martinez , a company spokeswoman . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia , said the outbreak was the result of norovirus , which can spread from contact with contaminated food or drink , by touching objects infected by people who are already sick , or through close contact with people who are infected , the agency says . Norovirus is a common cause of viral gastrointestinal illness outbreaks on cruise ships , the CDC says . So far this year , three such outbreaks have occurred on cruise ships that docked at U.S. ports , according to the CDC . And in 2009 , norovirus was the cause of two outbreaks on the Mercury , the CDC reported . The outbreaks reported and investigated by the CDC infected at least 3 percent of the people aboard cruise ships carrying at least 100 passengers on cruises lasting between three days and three weeks . The Mercury left Charleston last week for the eastern Caribbean . In addition to sick passengers , at least 32 crew members became ill , Celebrity Cruises has said . Symptoms included upset stomach , vomiting and diarrhea , the cruise company said this week . The sickened passengers and crew responded well to over-the-counter medicine , it said . A doctor and two nurses joined the cruise medical staff Monday to help deal with the outbreak when the ship stopped in Tortola in the British Virgin Islands , the cruise company said . Guests who were in isolation during the cruise received compensation in the form of a credit to their onboard account , Martinez said Friday .	Celebrity Cruises ' ship Mercury returns to Charleston , South Carolina Gastrointestinal illness hits 435 of 1,838 passengers Norovirus -- which can spread via contact with food , drink , objects -- is culprit , CDC says
CNN  -- A New Jersey man was convicted Friday of sexually abusing a woman while she slept during a 2012 airline flight , the U.S. district attorney 's office said . Bawer Aksal , 49 , of North Bergen was convicted of one count of sexual abuse and one count of abusive sexual contact following a five-day trial in federal court . The jury in Newark deliberated seven hours before returning its guilty verdicts , according to a statement from the federal prosecutor 's office . Aksal was arrested in August 2012 when he arrived aboard a flight from Phoenix , Arizona , to Newark Liberty International Airport . According to the statement , Aksal was sitting in the middle seat in a row of three seats , while the victim was next to him in the window seat . The incident took place about an hour before landing , when the aisle passenger looked to his right and saw Aksal "  half into the victim 's seat , with his body against the victim 's . His right arm around the back of her and his left hand beneath a sweater that was draped over her . " The victim awoke to find Aksal 's hands insider her shirt and shorts , and she struggled out of his grasp , the prosecutor 's statement said . Both the aisle passenger and the victim immediately headed to the back of the plane to report what happened to the flight attendants . The federal government has exclusive jurisdiction over all sexual abuse cases that occur on U.S. flights , as such events are outside the jurisdiction of any state . Aksal now faces a maximum sentence of life in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . "  Mr. Aksal is very disappointed , " Aksal 's attorney , Robert J. Degroot . told CNN after the verdict . "  He felt that the trial presented evidence that did not meet the necessary burden . He has faith in the American system and he feels that he will ultimately be vindicated . " Aksal is scheduled to be sentenced in court on October 23 .	The victim awoke as another passenger was assaulting her with his hands , prosecutors said She reported the incident to flight attendants , as did a third passenger who saw the assault A 49-year-old New Jersey man was arrested when the plane landed That man was convicted Friday and could be sentenced to life in prison
CNN  -- World champion Sebastian Vettel extended his overall lead to 60 points despite his final-lap mistake in Canada . The German 's previous closest rival Lewis Hamilton failed to finish the rain-hit race in Montreal , meaning the Red Bull star 's advantage was not eroded by Jenson Button 's victory . The McLaren driver moved up to second , with teammate Hamilton dropping to fourth after Red Bull 's Mark Webber claimed a podium place . Red Bull moved 69 points clear of McLaren in the manufacturers ' standings , with Ferrari retaining third place despite Fernando Alonso 's failure to complete the race . Formula One 2011 lowdown The Formula One circuit returns to Europe for the eighth race on the calendar in Valencia from June 24-26 . Drivers ' standings after seventh race of F1 season in Montreal : 1 . Sebastian Vettel  Ger  Red Bull 161 points 2 . Jenson Button  GB  McLaren 101 3 . Mark Webber  Aus  Red Bull 94 4 . Lewis Hamilton  GB  McLaren 85 5 . Fernando Alonso  Spa  Ferrari 69 6 . Felipe Massa  Bra  Ferrari 32 7 . Vitaly Petrov  Rus  Renault 31 8 . Nick Heidfeld  Ger  Renault 29 9 . Michael Schumacher  Ger  Mercedes 26 10 . Nico Rosberg  Ger  Mercedes 26 Constructors ' standings : 1 . Red Bull 255 points 2 . McLaren 186 3 . Ferrari 101 4 . Lotus Renault 60 5 . Mercedes 52 6 . Sauber 27 7 . Toro Rosso 12 8 . Force India 10 9 . Williams 4	Sebastian Vettel extends lead despite being caught on final lap by Jenson Button McLaren driver moves up to second overall after dramatic victory in Canada Vettel 's teammate Mark Webber retains third place after also finishing on the podium Red Bull move further ahead of McLaren in the manufacturers ' standings
CNN  -- The sports world was shaken this past year by violence at the Boston Marathon , reminding us of the fragility of peace no matter the place and time . However , marathons in the United States , and the world for that matter , rallied -- bouncing back as they defied fear through running . The drive to keep moving forward is at the very heart of marathon running , and nothing is better than large-scale sports events when it comes to helping people to overcome insecurities and fears together . Peace is an emotionally charged word . It is something that everyone wants , and it is so elusive to so many . I come from Lebanon , a country that has seen more than its share of conflict and war , but it is also a country that embraces life and peace . Many underestimate the power of sports to create real change in society . But in Lebanon , we have seen how sports , and especially running , can have a positive impact on individuals and ultimately on communities and countries . I founded the Beirut Marathon Association 11 years ago and had a firsthand look at how people can unite if given the right platform and a safe , inclusive environment where every individual feels that he or she is a true partner -- a stakeholder -- in the event . TED.com : The art of bow-making I used to be a marathon runner ; running to me came naturally and helped me stay balanced and focused mentally and physically . That all ended on a day in 2001 when I was training with my husband and some friends in Lebanon to participate in the Dubai Marathon . As our run took us to a street filled with traffic , I was hit by a truck and pinned to the pavement . The accident left me hanging between life and death for a while : I was in coma , and came out of it only to spend two years in the hospital . After 36 surgeries , I was able to walk again , but running was no longer possible . As I convalesced in the hospital , the only thought that kept me excited and hopeful was the idea of creating an international running event for Lebanon . If I was not to run again , I wanted others in my country to know the rush of being part of a large-scale running event , to share all the inspiration and positive feelings that result from such an experience . TED.com : Why privacy matters This was my big dream -- to bring my country together , to concentrate on something much bigger than myself and my pain . The Beirut Marathon Association was created while I was still in the hospital , with the help of supportive family and friends , and the first international Beirut Marathon was held in 2003 . That year over 6,000 runners took to the streets of the city and its surrounding area . It was the first time that Lebanon witnessed such a large-scale running event . People took notice . That first race showed that everyone was looking for a way to participate in a national event that did not fall under any specific political affiliation . People were willing to leave their differences behind and to come run together through the culturally diverse neighborhoods of the city and its vicinity . My vision and that of the Beirut Marathon team grew , and we resolved to continue , no matter what the circumstances , because we were excited . We also realized that we were setting an example . This kind of harmony created through sport could extend even further , to other places and to other times . TED.com : An ode to envy Organizing such an unprecedented running event in Lebanon was not easy . We confronted political and cultural obstacles , among others . We had to build trust and interest little by little . We had to coordinate closely with parties all over the country ; we worked with the Ministry of Youth and Sports , with the Lebanese Internal Security Forces , with the Lebanese army , and with all political parties , many private organizations , like municipalities , the Lebanese Red Cross , and others . Through it all , we got a surprising amount of support from public and private institutions and individuals . Many troubles have plagued Lebanon over the past 11 years of our work , but on Marathon day we always managed to bring people together in spite of their differences . We ran for peace after the former prime minister of the country was assassinated . We ran for peace through a government shutdown , protesters ' barricades in the city , an Israeli offensive on the country , and internal armed conflicts . Of course organizing our events during those times of conflict required a lot of flexibility and contingency planning . In one instance , we turned protesters who were sitting in protest tents in the heart of the city into spectators who cheered the runners on and who offered them refreshments and water . We were only able to do it because we had earned the trust of all parties in the country and had the support of all the Lebanese . The lesson we learned from all of this is that peace is possible ! This year the slogan of our Banque du Liban Beirut Marathon , which will take place on November 10 , is "  Run for Lebanon . " It is an affirmation of the power of sport to create a better country , one where differences are tossed aside and similarities are embraced for a more prosperous future . This has been as challenging a year as any other , with the whole region around us going through war and turmoil and with internal political conflicts unresolved . In times of such uncertainty , it is more important than ever to remind people of what is good , and what is important : healthy competition , unity , prosperity , growth , joy , and most of all peace . As in previous years , people responded , and our registration for this year 's races has reached more than 36,600 participants from all over Lebanon and the world . Peacemaking is not a sprint , it is more of a marathon . We can not expect any major change to happen overnight . Strength , stamina and resolve are needed to finish long runs , but the human spirit is capable of great things . I have seen the elusive peace , and I believe that it can become evident to all , one steady step at a time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of May El-Khalil .	May El-Khalil : Boston Marathon reminded us of fragility of peace , but marathons bounced back A former runner , she organized Beirut Marathon while recovering from an accident That first Marathon in 2003 drew 6,000 ; for years they 've run through conflict , she says El-Khalil : Sport , especially running , has power to bring people together
CNN  -- While most college students are hooking up on the dance floor or checking each other out by scrolling through Facebook profile pictures , a small number of students are doing something really counter-cultural -- they 're getting married before they graduate . Marrying as an undergrad is like putting a "  scarlet M on your forehead , " said Bradford Wilcox , director of The Marriage Project , which studies marriages in America at the University of Virginia . "  In the 19th century , to commit adultery or premarital sex was sort of a big deal , whereas in college circles today , getting married is kind of the ultimate rebellion , " he said . Peter Nesbitt , 20 , proposed to Lane Ritchie , 19 , in a park earlier this month . The third-year University of Michigan students have decided to get married in less than two months . The couple , who have dated since freshman year of high school , is more excited to spend the rest of their college days -- and lives -- together than worried about planning a backyard wedding that will be held after the first week of classes in September . As Nesbitt explained , there are many "  benefits " to getting married while still in school . "  You 're with your best friend all the time , so it 's not like , oh my gosh , it 's a ball and chain now , " he joked . "  Yeah , college is stressful , but now you 're getting to share it officially with someone else . " The average national age of marriage is 28 , according to the National Center for Educational Statistics , and experts say planning a wedding while still taking finals and cheering at football games is going against the norm . Out of 20,928 undergraduates surveyed by the National Center for Education Statistics in 2008 , about 18 % reported they were married . While there are various reasons why college sweethearts decide to tie the knot , one thing is for sure : Married students face more challenges than they did in the past . It 's financially more difficult for married students today than just five years ago , said Kelly Roberts , a marriage and family therapist and clinical instructor at Oklahoma State University . She cited the decreasing number of student loans available and married students taking on more jobs to cover expenses . "  Students are not just juggling one job to try to make ends meet , but they 're juggling two , " she said . The high cost of being a bridesmaid Nesbitt and Ritchie are responsible for paying their own tuition . To cut down education costs , both are cramming in courses so they can graduate in less than four years . "  We 're both excited just to have one job that we can focus on , rather than school and work , " Ritchie said . For any couple , Roberts recommends waiting at least six months from the engagement announcement to the wedding , just so couples are certain they 're making the right move . Andy and Brittany Hudson were engaged for 14 months , but Andy Hudson said he would have married his wife sooner if she was n't finishing her master 's at Southern Illinois University . "  You just find the person you love and want to spend the rest of your life with them , " he said . But promising to take care of someone for better or worse might get in the way of a typical college experience . At Oklahoma State University , approximately 7 % of the 18,541 undergraduates were married in 2010 . Kami Schwerdtfeger , an OSU assistant professor of marriage and family therapy who counsels married students , said some of these students find adulthood , which can mean paying bills and keeping up a home , can "  butt heads " with adolescence -- attending parties , staying out late with friends . Mark Regnerus , an associate professor of sociology at the University of Texas at Austin and author of "  Premarital Sex in America , " explained that married college students are forced to "  grow up pretty quickly . " "  You have to mature and take on a new role , " he said . "  It 's not only your schoolwork that you 're tending to , but it 's also tending to your marriage . " New dating site helps college students find love Harvard University senior Chris Jackson married Leah Cogan , a senior at Brown University , on July 1 . Before getting married , Jackson said he found it difficult to balance school and his relationship with Cogan , who was about an hourlong train ride away . "  Ideally , you 'd have all your work done during the week so we could hang out during the weekend , but it did n't usually work out that way , " he said . Both have one more semester to complete . They plan to divide the year in two , starting at Cambridge in the fall and ending at Providence in the spring , so they 're not separated again . Though all marriages are vulnerable in the first few years , experts say people who marry at age 21 or younger are more susceptible to divorce . "  The longer you can wait to get married up to approximately age 30 , the greater your chances are at having a successful and stable committed relationship stay intact , " Roberts said Kate and Paul Bowers got married before their senior year at the University of South Carolina and celebrated their first anniversary last month . Kate Bowers said she appreciates the "  smaller moments " of married life -- like grocery shopping together -- which they did n't experience when dating . Paul Bowers , who started a blog called Married in College , said he did n't miss out on anything by becoming a husband as an undergrad . "  There 's this idea that the college experience is based on watching ` Animal House ' too many times , but we did n't go to a lot of parties ... we lived a pretty simple lifestyle , " he said . Though the Bowers are confident they 'll be together forever , the average divorce or separation rate for a couple marrying for the first time is 40 % to 50 % , according to the 2010 State of Our Unions report by the National Marriage Project . Wilcox said financial trouble is a leading cause of marital distress and divorce , which could pose problems for married college students accruing debt from student loans . "  Once they 've graduated from college and are in the process of paying off that debt , that 's something that would be a drag on their marriage and would hang like a cloud over them , " he said . Despite dealing with the stress of student debt , educated couples have better chances for a happy marriage . Americans with at least a bachelor 's degree are more likely than those with only a high school diploma to have a stable , high-quality marriage , according to the State of Our Unions report . Religious couples are also less likely to divorce than nonreligious couples . Arwa Abdelhadi , a 19-year-old student at the University of Missouri , signed the Islamic marriage contract with her 27-year-old fiancÃ © last month . Though she 's a devout Muslim , Abdelhadi said her religion played no part in her decision to marry at a young age . "  I 've had several older ladies come up to me from the community and tell me , ` Oh , you 're so young . You have so much time , ' but I think if I 've found the right person -- he 's the one -- then why should I wait ? " Abdelhadi said . As Wilcox put it , married students often get pestered because they are "  breaking the norm . " "  You get a lot of raised eyebrows and questions directed to you when you marry in college , " he said . Society expects people to go to college , get a job and then get married , he said . Research also supports the position that the best age to wed is in the mid - to upper-20s , he added . "  It 's at that point when you can really form a common life together , " Wilcox said . "  You 're not set in your ways , you can build traditions , you can build hobbies -- things you do together as a couple that will really shape your entire adult life . " Balancing books and babies Regnerus added that parents and peers "  suspect there 's no way you could possibly know what you want at age 20 or 21 . " Ritchie 's mother , Doris Ritchie , is one exception . She 's thrilled about her daughter 's marriage and said she will chip in financially and help plan the wedding as much as possible . She 's also not ashamed to admit , "  I 'm anxious and eager for them to bring me grandchildren . "	Tying the knot in college is considered counter-cultural today Americans with a bachelor 's degree are more likely to have a stable marriage The average national age of marriage is 28 Experts : People who marry at age 21 or younger are more susceptible to divorce
CNN  -- Kashmiri separatist leaders on Monday slammed New Delhi 's decision to call off talks with Pakistan , scheduled for August 25 in Islamabad . New Delhi called off the talks after Pakistan 's New Delhi-based high commissioner , Abdul Basit , invited Kashmiri separatist leaders for consultations ahead of the summit . "  The Indian foreign secretary conveyed to the Pakistan high commissioner today , in clear and unambiguous terms , that Pakistan 's continued efforts to interfere in India 's internal affairs were unacceptable . It was underlined that the Pakistani high commissioner 's meetings with these so-called leaders of the Hurriyat undermines the constructive diplomatic engagement initiated by Prime Minister  Narendra  Modi in May on his very first day in office , " according to a statement from India 's External Affairs Ministry . A statement from Islamabad replied , "  It is a longstanding practice that , prior to Pakistan-India talks , meetings with Kashmiri leaders are held to facilitate meaningful discussions on the issue of Kashmir . The Indian decision is a setback to the efforts by our leadership to promote good neighborly relations with India . The prime minister of Pakistan has clearly articulated the vision of peace for development . " "  It seems a knee-jerk reaction , " said moderate Kashmiri separatist leader Mirwaiz Moulvi Umar Farooq . "  We have been meeting the Pakistani officials , including the country 's New Delhi-based high commissioner , for the past 20 years . I do n't know what happened today . It is a backward step . "  The decision lacks political maturity and can not be termed as far-sighted . " Mirwaiz is flying to New Delhi on Tuesday to meet with Basit . Hardline separatist leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani described the decision as unfortunate , saying it proved that "  New Delhi was never serious to resolve Kashmir peacefully . " Geelani also said he will be meeting with the Pakistan high commissioner in New Delhi on Tuesday . Even mainstream political parties have expressed dismay at the cancellation of the talks . "  It is not a good development . The separatists have been meeting Pakistani officials . They even met the then-Pakistan president , Parvez Musharraf , " said Ali Mohammad Sagar , a senior ruling National Conference leader and minister . During his visit to Indian-administered Kashmir this month , Modi condemned "  the continued proxy war by neighboring Pakistan . " Addressing army officers and soldiers in the frontier Ladakh region bordering China and Pakistan , Modi said that "  the neighboring country has lost the strength to fight a conventional war but continues to engage in the proxy war of terrorism . " Modi 's criticism Islamabad came against in the backdrop of reported cease-fire violations by Pakistani troops on the border and increased militant attacks in Kashmir . Five Indian paramilitary soldiers and police officers have been killed in militant attacks and several others wounded since Modi 's visit August 12 . The two nuclear armed neighbors had agreed to a bilateral cease-fire on the border in November 2003 , but it has seen severe breaches since early 2013 . Kashmir has been in the throes of separatist violence since 1989 ; officials say it has claimed 42,000 lives , but rights groups and non-governmental organizations put the number at twice that .	India and Pakistan had scheduled talks for next week in Islamabad Pakistani official invited Kashmiri separatist leaders for consultations New Delhi criticizes "  continued efforts to interfere in India 's internal affairs " Separatists say they will meet with Pakistani high commissioner anyway
The Frisky  -- Recently , I discovered that one of my best friends had ditched me after I logged onto Facebook and found her profile had disappeared from my page . When you break up with a best friend online , things can get murky . We 'd been having problems that had culminated in a huge argument the day before , but I figured we 'd get through it . I figured wrong . Still , being given the heave-ho by way of a social networking site ? My first reaction was to laugh . I mean , we 're adults . Unfriending me seemed tantamount to toilet-papering my locker or scribbling my phone number on the boy 's locker room wall . We had been close for well over a decade . We supported each other through parental deaths , and together we 'd bitched and moaned about men for untold hours . I loved her amazing daughter -- buying that little girl Christmas presents was the highlight of my holidays . Suddenly , that was all gone . Suddenly , I was n't laughing . I was crying . We know what to do when boyfriends dump us : sob . We eat everything in the house or take to our beds and refuse all sustenance . Usually , there 's yelling -- at least at my house . The Frisky : How NOT to help heal a broken heart We purge them from our lives . We delete all their emails and erase their number from every electronic device we own . But when you break up with a girlfriend , things are murkier . For one thing , people do n't feel sorry for you the way they do when a romantic relationship bites the dust . You ca n't blame them ; it 's not like you were in love or planning a future with your friend .  Even though you assumed she 'd be part of it .  So , getting wound up about the loss seems somehow , I do n't know , less legit . Is it ? It hurts as much as any other heartbreak . Victoria Clark made a short film on the subject : "  Ruminations on You and Me . " I asked her about the process of grieving a dead friendship . "  As a woman , I expect men to come and go because of the nature of love , " she explained . "  But your girls are supposed to be on your side , no matter what ... That 's what I wanted to believe for a long time , but now I know that that 's not always reality . " The Frisky : What are your rules for friendship on Facebook ? A friend of mine was saddened when her BFF excised my friend from her life after landing a boyfriend . "  She hated being single , so if there was a man anywhere in the vicinity , you 'd be kicked to the curb , " my pal explained wistfully . Even forewarned with this knowledge , it stung when she was dismissed from her friend 's life . The Frisky : Five ways to unfriend a friend Unlike my breakup , there was no dramatic defriending . This woman utilized the passive-aggressive method of choice : the slow fade . "  I remember buying her a birthday gift , but somehow she just never had the time to come collect it . " The Frisky : Ten songs about friendship Like any other kind of relationship , friendships end . It 's not like I 've never dumped a pal . I 've gotten back together with a few . Because I miss her and love her , I gave making up a shot with this one . A few weeks after I was banished from her Facebook page , I emailed her an apologetic note . I never heard back . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Author gets ditched on Facebook by good friend and does n't know what to do People do n't feel as sorry for you with a friend breakup You ca n't blame your friend -- it 's not like you were in love Like any other kind of relationship , friendships end but you have to go on
CNN  -- When EMS workers arrived at the Pleasant Grove , Utah , home of Michele and Dr. Martin MacNeill , they found a tragedy . Michele MacNeill , a mother of eight children , was unresponsive in her bathtub , and Martin MacNeill , according to law enforcement at the scene , was hysterical and angry , cursing his wife for having had a recent face-lift . Michele MacNeill was pronounced dead later on April 11 , 2007 . The autopsy report determined she died of natural causes due to cardiovascular disease . But three years later , at the urging of her children , there was a new analysis of a toxicology report that changed everything . Combinations of medications found in Michele MacNeill 's system were determined to have contributed to her death . Diazepam , Oxycodone , Promethazine and Zolpidem were all found in her system . Although none of the drugs alone was at toxic levels , Dr. Todd Grey , chief medical examiner of the Utah State Medical Examiner 's Office , determined that , in combination , the drugs could have led to sedation and heart arrhythmia , resulting in cardiac death . On October 6 , 2010 , Michele MacNeill 's cause of death was changed to "  combined effects of heart disease and drug toxicity . " The manner of death was changed from natural to undetermined . As investigators began to reopen the case , they realized they had a suspect : Michele MacNeill 's husband . Prosecutors paint picture of a double life Michele and Martin MacNeill seemed to live the American dream . He a doctor and lawyer , she a former beauty queen , had raised their family in Utah . Four of their eight children were adopted . Devoted to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , Martin MacNeill also had taught Sunday school . Deadly remedy : Notorious doctors accused of murder But prosecutors say that behind closed doors , what seemed to be the perfect union was anything but . Martin MacNeill , they say , led a double life , seeing women on the side . Legal documents state he announced to his wife and family several times in the years preceding his wife 's death that he wanted out of the marriage . He never took that step , but prosecutors say that his affection for one woman in particular , Gypsy Willis , was the root of his motive for murder . Willis will be a star witness for the prosecution as Martin 's trial begins in Provo , Utah . He is charged with the murder of his wife and obstruction of justice . Martin MacNeill case : The key players Michele MacNeill had turned 50 in 2007 . She and Martin had been married nearly 30 years . Legal documents state that it was Martin MacNeill 's idea in March of that year that she undergo a face-lift . Family members say Michele MacNeill pushed back , not because she was refusing , but because she wanted to lose some extra weight and wanted to control her high blood pressure . But prosecutors say Martin MacNeill was relentless , even finding a plastic surgeon who was new to town and had advertised in the local paper . Martin MacNeill accompanied his wife on every presurgical visit to Dr. Scott Thompson . According to the affidavit for an arrest warrant , the last consultation with the plastic surgeon before the procedure took place was on April 1 , 2007 . Martin gave Thompson a list of medications he wanted for Michele . They included Lortab  Hydrocodone  in liquid form , Zolpidem , Valium  Diazepam  , Phenergan  Promethazine  and Percocet  Oxycodone  . Martin MacNeill : Suspicious or not ? Documents state Thompson admitted that the Valium and Oxycodone "  were out of my usual routine . " After the cosmetic surgery on April 3 , 2007 , Thompson required Michele MacNeill to spend the night at the hospital . According to prosecutors , Martin MacNeill exchanged 24 text messages with Willis on the day of Michele 's surgery . On April 4 , Michele MacNeill was released to go home . Her daughter Alexis MacNeill was on spring break from medical school and attended to her mother at home . Martin told the daughter to get some sleep , and he would look after his wife through the night . The next morning , Alexis MacNeill told investigators she found her mother unresponsive . Martin MacNeill allegedly told his daughter he may have overmedicated his wife through the night . Alexis MacNeill then took over keeping a notebook of what medications she gave to her mother and when . Messages and medicines add to mystery On April 5 , legal documents state that Michele MacNeill told Alexis MacNeill that she believed her husband was trying to overmedicate her . Because her eyes were still bandaged from the surgery , she asked her daughter for help in identifying pills by feel . The daughter later told authorities her mother had told her that Martin MacNeill kept giving her pills , telling her to swallow . In an important pretrial ruling , Judge Derek Pullan determined that jurors will not be allowed to hear what Michele allegedly told her daughter that night : "  if anything happens to me , make sure it was n't your dad . " Prosecutors intend to show jurors the numerous text messages Martin MacNeill exchanged with Willis in the days preceding his wife 's death . On April 6 , Michele MacNeill confronted her husband about phone records her daughter had researched , which showed one phone number repeatedly called day after day and night after night . Prosecutors say that number belonged to Willis . On April 10 , Alexis MacNeill returned to medical school in Nevada , feeling her mother was now well enough . The next day , April 11 , her mother was dead . The defense says that Michele MacNeill 's death was an accident and that she died of natural causes . Conflicting timelines Martin MacNeill says he has an alibi because he was at work the morning of his wife 's death . According to an affidavit , Martin MacNeill dropped his youngest daughter , Ada , off at school at 8:30 a.m. on April 11 . At 8:41 a.m. , Alexis MacNeill called the home phone . Three minutes later , Michele MacNeill called Alexis MacNeill from her cell phone . According to Alexis MacNeill , her mother was in good spirits and optimistic about her future with Martin MacNeill . Martin said he went back to work around 9 or 9:30 a.m. . He says he left his wife alone for approximately two hours . At 9:10 a.m. , Alexis MacNeill received a phone call from her father , who called from his office phone . He asked his daughter to check in with her mother because "  Michele was not listening to him and getting out of bed . " Starting at 9:14 a.m. , Martin MacNeill called his wife 's cell phone with no answer . Several subsequent calls were made with the same result . Did doctor use medical know-how to kill wife ? Legal documents state that Martin MacNeill was supposed to be working at a booth that day for the Developmental Center Safety Fair associated with his work , but he did not show up when he was supposed to . Employees say they do not know where he was from approximately 9:30 to 11 a.m. . At 11 a.m. , Martin MacNeill arrived at the safety fair . According to legal documents , witnesses say he was intent on getting his photograph taken there and appeared "  short tempered " and "  belligerent . " Martin MacNeill left to pick up Ada at about 11:35 a.m. . According to documents , they arrived home between 11:35 and 11:46 a.m. Martin MacNeill went to the kitchen , and Ada went to find her mother . Ada said she found her mother fully clothed in the tub with her head next to the tub 's faucet , above reddish-brown water . She estimated the water was about one-quarter of the way up the tub . Her mother 's hair was floating toward the drain . Ada went to get her father . Martin MacNeill 's recounting of how he found his wife is strikingly different from Ada 's and will be something prosecutors focus on to show MacNeill 's alleged lack of veracity . He told authorities his wife was draped over the side of the tub , head first , with her head in the water . Autopsy results later showed Michele MacNeill 's blood had pooled after death toward her lower extremities , which gives credence to Ada 's version and discounts Martin MacNeill 's . According to legal documents , Martin MacNeill told paramedic Marc Sanderson that his wife overdosed on medication and that was the cause of her death . In an interview , the girlfriend of Martin MacNeill 's son Damian , Eileen Hang , told authorities that Martin MacNeill directed her to discard all of his wife 's medications upon returning home from the hospital the day Michele MacNeill died . Additionally , the journal that Alexis MacNeill had used to keep a running tally of her mother 's medications after surgery mysteriously disappeared . The trial begins with jury selection on Tuesday , and although prosecutors have laid their case out with numerous legal filings and a 2012 preliminary hearing , the defense has won many pretrial arguments keeping out statements and actions by Martin they feel are prejudicial and irrelevant . Critical rulings handed down in MacNeill case What the defense has in its back pocket are the determinations of several experts set to testify in the trial . According to filed documents , not one conclusively states that Michele MacNeill 's manner of death was by homicide . Forensic pathologists will only conclude to a degree of medical certainty that the manner of death is undetermined . Now , it will be up to a Utah jury of Martin MacNeill 's peers to determine if his wife died at the hands of another -- specifically at the hands of her husband , who is now on trial for his life .	Jury selection begins Tuesday for Dr. Martin MacNeill 's murder trial MacNeill is charged with the murder of his wife and obstruction of justice Prosecutors point to another woman as a motive Trial could pit daughters against father
An e-mail from a Georgia Tech fraternity member to his Phi Kappa Tau brothers came to light this week . It was about how to "  succeed at parties , " or more specifically "  luring your rapebait . " It came with repulsively detailed instructions about how to scope out a target , weaken her defenses with alcohol , grab her and -- you get the idea . You can expect well-meaning commentators and bloggers to wonder how such a horrible man could have done such a thing , much less have gotten into a good college . Others will wonder why one fraternity 's culture would be so toxic . University officials will go into damage-control mode , noting how they hold students accountable for violations of policy and that they have an otherwise low rate of rape on their campus . They may say , well , this was just an e-mail . Sadly , it 's all so predictable . The "  rapebait " e-mail could have been sent from almost any fraternity at almost any American college or university . A study I published in 2007 with my colleagues Jerry Tatum and J.T. Newberry found that fraternity men were three times more likely to commit rape than other men on college campuses . It was the third study showing that fraternity men are three times more likely to rape . Opinion : We can counter "  rapebait " culture The definition of "  success " in the e-mail sounds eerily similar to what David Lisak identifies as rape in his research on profiling "  undetected rapists " -- college men who have committed rape and/or attempted rape , an average of six times each , but are never reported and never are held accountable for their crimes . What was particularly remarkable about our study is that we found that it was the fraternity experience that led men to be more likely to rape . We traced entering freshmen from the time they got to campus through their first year of college . We asked them whether they committed acts of sexual violence before they got to college  many had  . We then compared the rates of sexual assault among men who joined fraternities to the rates of sexual assault among men who did not join fraternities . In 2011 : Vermont fraternity chapter closed over rape survey What we found was highly instructive . Before they got to college , fraternity men were no different from other male students . They committed the same number of incidents of sexual assaults before college . But here 's the difference . Guys who joined a fraternity then committed three times as many sexual assaults as those who did n't join . It is reasonable to conclude that fraternities turn men into guys more likely to rape . Our study confirmed that fraternities provide the culture of male peer support for violence against women that permits bad attitudes to become treacherous behavior . And that should concern everyone . We need more action . Opinion : Why do n't some boys see it as rape ? There are a lot of us across the country who have worked for decades trying to prevent rape on college campuses . Many experience high levels of frustration at the lack of commitment on the part of colleges and universities to face the issue . Rarely does a college discuss sexual assault with its students for more than 60 minutes in an entire college career , if they do at all . There are many great approaches to prevention . In our case at One in Four , we have spent the last 20 years refining an intervention that lasts for one hour called the Men 's Program . Our research , published in peer-reviewed journals , shows that when fraternity men see it , 40 % fewer sexual assault incidents occur . One would think that national fraternities would embrace such an approach to educating their members . Sadly , when given numerous opportunities to do so , they prefer to pretend they are n't responsible . Though there are a few universities that are beginning to do more comprehensive prevention programming , they are the exception . We know that prevention programming can help a great deal . We just need to make it a priority . How difficult is that ?	John Foubert : Georgia Tech frat member sent e-mail to brothers on "  luring your rapebait " Foubert says studies show fraternity men three times more likely to rape He says frat culture gives peer support for bad behavior but education would help stem it Foubert : Colleges must push for rape prevention programming
CNN  -- An alleged sexual assault of a Texas girl involving nearly 20 people was recorded on cell phones , and a video of the alleged incident was circulating among students in her school district , according to court documents obtained Tuesday . As of Monday , 13 adults and five juveniles had been arrested as part of the investigation , authorities said . A defense attorney for one of the suspects told CNN affiliate KPRC that the number of suspects could increase . "  I do n't know the exact number of people involved , " James Evans said . "  I 've heard as many as 28 or more . " The case has sharply divided the community , according to CNN affiliate KHOU , which reported the girl was 11 years old . Darrel Broussard , assistant police chief for the Cleveland , Texas , Police Department , said Monday that the investigation into the incident "  is continuous , " with more significant developments possible . Cleveland is about 50 miles northeast of Houston . "  There have been leads during our investigation that have alerted us to other possible persons of interest , " Broussard told CNN . "  The investigation is ongoing . " The 18 individuals charged thus far are between 14 and 27 years old , he said . Those who are adults were indicted last month on a charge of aggravated sexual assault of a child . On Friday , the Cleveland Police Department announced that four students in the Cleveland Independent School District had been arrested on charges of aggravated sexual assault of a child under 14 . The juveniles appeared Monday in a Liberty County court in the town of Liberty . Police noted that some but not all suspects are students at Cleveland High School . Mike Little , the district attorney in Liberty County , said police would likely decide whether more people would be charged . He offered few other details , saying Monday , "  We are very careful about pretrial publicity . " The incident allegedly happened November 28 at two residences in Cleveland , according to a search warrant affidavit obtained by CNN on Tuesday . The girl told a school district police chief about the incident , who notified Cleveland police on December 3 , the affidavit said . The chief then interviewed employees of the Cleveland Independent School District who had heard of the incident , according to the documents . One employee spoke with several students "  who had seen the cell phone videos or heard of the incident , " according to the affidavit . The girl told a forensic interviewer from a child advocacy center that one suspect called her "  and asked if she wanted to ride around " on that day , the affidavit said . Three of the suspects picked her up and took her to one residence where a fourth suspect lived . The fourth suspect told her to take her clothes off , she said , adding that "  he would have some girls ` beat her up ' or she would not be taken back to her residence if she did not comply . " the affidavit said . The girl said she engaged in sexual acts in the bedroom and bathroom of the residence . While in the bathroom , she said , she heard one suspect on the phone inviting other people over to have sex with her , and said when she came out of the bathroom four men she did not know were there , the affidavit said . The aunt of the suspect arrived home , however , and "  the victim and the other individuals left the residence in haste through the rear window of the house , " according to the affidavit . After leaving , the girl said she and the others went to an abandoned trailer where the sexual acts continued , the affidavit said . "  Victim stated that digital still images and digital video images of the sex acts were recorded by one or more individuals using cellular telephones , " according to the affidavit . Broussard told CNN on Tuesday that it took authorities months to investigate the incident and obtain indictments and arrest warrants . "  To put together the case , it takes time to do that , " he said . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	A video was circulating among students in Cleveland , according to documents Defense attorney says as many as 28 people could be involved Police say they 've known about the case since December
CNN  -- Ken Savage says that , at first , he welcomed his wife 's new interest in Facebook . She had recently recovered from a bout with depression and dependence on prescription drugs , and he thought reconnecting with old friends would help get her out of her rut . But he says he became increasingly suspicious of her social networking activity when she began hiding her computer screen when he entered the room . Savage soon discovered his wife was using the site to meet up with an old boyfriend -- an increasingly common occurrence as more and more adults join Facebook . Savage , 38 , of Lowell , Massachusetts , is the creator of FacebookCheating.com , a website he started in 2009 shortly after he discovered his wife 's affair in an effort "  to help others cope with someone cheating on them as well as shine light upon someone who is using Facebook to cheat . " A recent survey by the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers found that 81 percent of divorce attorneys have seen an increase in the number of cases using social networking evidence during the past five years . More than 66 percent of those attorneys said the No. 1 site most often used as evidence is Facebook with its 400 million registered users . Another recent survey by Divorce-Online . co.uk of more than 5,000 divorce petitions says Facebook is mentioned in about 20 percent of divorce cases . "  As everyone continues to share more and more aspects of their lives on social networking sites , they leave themselves open to much greater examinations of both their public and private lives in these sensitive situations , " Marlene Eskind Moses , president of the AAML , said in a statement of the survey 's results . Savage , who says he has nothing against Facebook and uses it regularly to connect with childhood friends , told HLN 's "  Prime News " Wednesday that the networking site is simply "  a tool for an affair . " He says that if there is trouble within a marriage or a relationship , "  the affair 's going to happen anyway , " but Facebook "  makes it much easier . " Andrew Noyes , a spokesman for Facebook , says the website is not responsible for breaking up marriages . "  It 's ludicrous to suggest that Facebook leads to divorce and we would suggest that anyone who purports to have conducted surveys about the topic also ask respondents about other popular communication channels , such as text messaging , chat sites and email , before jumping to conclusions , " Noyes said . Stacey Kaiser , a psychotherapist and relationship expert , says she estimates Facebook plays a much larger factor in divorces . "  It 's not just your everyday affair , " Kaiser told "  Prime News . " "  When it comes to something like Facebook , you are reconnecting with a long-lost love . All those teenage feelings , those college feelings come back again , you feel young again , and it drives you to do something you do n't normally do . " Savage , who is separated and living apart from his wife , says communication with your spouse is key to keeping your Facebook page as a place to network , not coordinate illicit rendezvous . "  In the beginning when we first got on Facebook , we would openly talk " about shared friends ' new babies and other milestones posted on the site , Savage told HLN . "  When it got real quiet , that was the problem , " he said . Brenda Wade , a clinical therapist whose self-proclaimed mission is to cut the divorce rate by half , says the mistake most couples make is placing priorities on material things rather than partnership . "  We need to put that energy , that time , that money into the relationship , " she told "  Prime News . " "  That 's where you want to feel the excitement and the rush . "	NEW : Facebook responds to the idea of social-networking sites leading to divorces Ken Savage created a website after discovering his wife 's messages with an ex-boyfriend Affairs conducted on the web are growing as social-networking sites grow Study : 81 percent of divorce attorneys use evidence found on networking sites
CNN  Grand jury proceedings are secret , and when no indictment is handed down -- as was the case for Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson -- the files remain locked up . But in an unusual step after a grand jury deliberation , transcripts of testimony that jurors heard considering Michael Brown 's death have been released to the public . Late Monday night , officials made available 24 volumes of material , covering 23 meetings that the grand jury held between August 20 and November 21 . A CNN team is going through all of the court documents . Here 's what has emerged so far from that review : Wilson had never fired his gun on duty before shooting Michael Brown , he told the grand jury . Asked if he had ever used excessive force before , he replied : "  I 've never used my weapon before . " Wilson called the area where Brown was shot a "  hostile environment . " "  There 's a lot of gangs that reside or associate with that area . There 's a lot of violence in that area , there 's a lot of gun activity , drug activity , it is just not a very well-liked community . That community does n't like the police . " What 's next for Officer Wilson ? Wilson told the grand jury his original goal was to arrest Brown , after identifying him as a possible suspect in a shop theft . "  My main goal was to keep eyes on him and just to keep him contained until I had people coming there , " he testified . "  I knew I had already called for backup and I knew they were already in the area for the stealing that was originally reported . So I thought if I can buy 30 seconds of time , that was my original goal when I tried to get him to come to the car . If I could buy 30 seconds of time , someone else will be here , we can make the arrest , nothing happens , we are all good . And it did n't happen that way . " Wilson told the grand jury he did n't normally carry a stun gun . "  We only have a select amount . Usually there is one available , but I usually elect not to carry one . It is not the most comfortable thing . They are very large . I do n't have a lot of room in the front for it to be positioned , " he told the grand jury . The officer testified he was carrying mace when he encountered Brown . Officer Wilson told the grand jury that Brown punched him in the face when the officer drove back to him . Wilson said he tried to get out of his cruiser but Brown slammed the door shut twice and hit him with his fist . "  I felt that another of those punches in my face could knock me out or worse ... I 've already taken two to the face and I did n't think I would , the third one could be fatal if he hit me right , " Wilson said . Twelve shots were fired by Wilson . Wilson said two shots were fired during a struggle at his police vehicle and that he then fired three bursts of gunfire as he chased and then backed away from Brown . He testified that his Sig Sauer .40 caliber gun held a maximum of 13 bullets . Twelve casings were recovered and one bullet remained in the weapon , according to the grand jury documents . How prosecutor defended grand jury 's decision Wilson testified he shot at Brown on the street when Brown turned on him . "  As he is coming towards me , I tell , keep telling him to get on the ground , he does n't . I shoot a series of shots . I do n't know how many I shot , I just know I shot it , " he said . "  I know I missed a couple , I do n't know how many , but I know I hit him at least once because I saw his body kind of jerk , " he said . Wilson testified that Brown did not slow down . "  At this point I start backpedaling and again , I tell him get on the ground , get on the ground , he does n't . I shoot another round of shots , " he said . "  Again , I do n't recall how many him every time . I know at least once because he flinched again . At this point it looked like he was almost bulking up to run through the shots , like it was making him mad that I 'm shooting at him . "  And the face that he had was looking straight through me , like I was n't even there , I was n't even anything in his way . " He told the jurors he thought Brown was going to tackle him . "  Just coming straight at me like he was going to run right through me . And when he gets about that 8 to 10 feet away , I look down , I remember looking at my sites and firing , all I see is his head and that 's what I shot . "  I do n't know how many , I know at least once because I saw the last one go into him . And then when it went into him , the demeanor on his face went blank , the aggression was gone , it was gone , I mean , I knew he stopped , the threat was stopped . "  When he fell , he fell on his face . " Brown put his hand under his shirt into his waistband when he ran at Wilson , Wilson told the grand jury . "  He turns , and when he looked at me , he made like a grunting , like aggravated sound and he starts , he turns and he 's coming back towards me , " Wilson said . "  His first step is coming towards me , he kind of does like a stutter step to start running . When he does that , his left hand goes in a fist and goes to his side , his right one goes under his shirt in his waistband and he starts running at me . " Wilson was diagnosed with a bruised face after his confrontation with Brown , according to a medical report dated the day of the killing , August 9 , 2014 . No other injuries were mentioned in the report . He was prescribed Naprosyn , an anti-inflammatory medicine commonly used to treat pain . The medical investigator did not take photographs at the scene of Brown 's killing because the camera battery had died , the grand jury heard . The investigator , who goes to the crime scene to collect evidence for the pathologist , also did not take measurements of anything at the scene because they "  did n't need to . " The investigator , whose name was redacted , said : "  It was self-explanatory what happened . Somebody shot somebody . There was no question as to any distances or anything of that nature at the time I was there . " Typically , a medical investigator will take crime scene photos in addition to the ones taken by police investigators . The investigator testified that they did not see evidence of "  stippling "  gunpowder  around the wounds on Brown 's body . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson CNN 's Kristi Ramsay , Devon Sayers and Eve Bower contributed to this report .	Transcripts of grand jury testimony released Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson said Michael Brown punched him in the face Wilson testified he shot at Brown on the street when Brown turned on him Wilson called the area where Brown was shot a "  hostile environment "
CNN  -- One night in late July this year , the Japanese supertanker M. Star was making its way through the Strait of Hormuz -- the chokepoint at the southern tip of the Persian Gulf . It was en route to Japan with 3 million barrels of crude oil . There was a loud thud at the front of the ship . Its hull suffered a substantial square-shaped dent above the waterline . Theories about the cause quickly abounded : a giant wave , a collision with a submarine or another vessel . And then -- six days later -- a militant Sunni group that had been active in Lebanon , Egypt and Jordan claimed it had attacked the ship with an explosives-laden boat . The Abdullah Azzam Brigades said the attack on the M. Star "  sought to weaken the infidel global order which is thrust into Muslim lands and which loots its resources . " For the Brigades , such an attack was a significant departure from previous targets . To begin with , intelligence analysts were skeptical of the claim . But U.S. officials now say it is credible . "  Government and industry sources can confirm that the claim by the Abdullah Azzam brigades ... is valid , " the U.S. Department of Transportation 's Maritime Administration said in an advisory last week . "  The group remains active and can conduct further attacks on vessels in areas in the Strait of Hormuz , southern Arabian Gulf , and western Gulf of Oman , ' it said . The Saudis are already anxious about the foothold that al Qaeda has established in neighboring Yemen . Now the Brigades -- spawned in the squalor of Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon -- may be an emerging player in the region 's terror landscape . The Brigades are named after a Palestinian close to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Abdullah Azzam was killed in Pakistan in 1989 by a bomb explosion . The group is led by one Saleh al-Qarawi , who fought U.S. forces in Iraq and got to know al Qaeda 's now-dead leader there -- Abu Musab al-Zarqawi . Born in the Saudi city of Barida , al-Qarawi is only 28 , but is already on the kingdom 's most wanted list . When that list was first published in February 2008 , he was described as "  one of the key suppliers of facilities , finances , fake documents " for al Qaeda . And he has ambitious aims , telling an extremist website earlier this year : "  All the jihadist battlefields now are fields of fighting . " The Brigades have certainly shown themselves capable of audacious attacks . They claimed responsibility for an unsuccessful rocket attack on a U.S. warship anchored in the Jordanian port of Aqaba in 2005 , as well as for bombings in 2004 and 2005 aimed at tourists in Egypt 's Red Sea resorts . Well over 100 people were killed in those attacks . In the interview he gave to the al-Fajr Media Center , al-Qarawi described how al-Zarqawi had sent him on a mission beyond Iraq . He 'd been arrested in Syria and spent a brief spell in a Saudi jail . Describing his priorities , al-Qarawi said they include kidnapping U.S. and British citizens in the Arabian peninsula . "  American interests are our most important aims , " he said , according to a translation by intelligence website Flashpoint Partners . It is also clear from the interview that al-Qarawi is very much a Sunni purist . He has little time for the Shiite Hezbollah , accusing it of attacking Lebanon 's Sunnis . He also accuses Lebanese Shiites of "  malice " toward the country 's Sunnis . That suggests the Brigades would not have looked to Shiite Iran for help or harbor in attacking the M. Star  even if Saudi officials insist al-Qarawi once operated from Iran . And it prompts this question : where did that small boat , laden with explosives , come from on the night of July 27 to attack the M. Star ? If not Iran , did it set out under cover of darkness from the United Arab Emirates , Oman or even Saudi Arabia -- undetected by authorities ?	The Abdullah Azzam Brigades may be an emerging player in the Persian Gulf landscape The militant Sunni group is named for a Palestinian close to Osama bin Laden The group claimed responsibility for an attack on a Japanese supertanker in July
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama will travel this week to Copenhagen , Denmark , to make a big push for holding the 2016 Summer Olympic Games in Chicago , Illinois , the White House said Monday . President Obama , center , hosts a White House event on September 16 to push Chicago 's bid for the Olympics . Obama will join other administration officials and first lady Michelle Obama in pitching Chicago to the International Olympic Committee on Friday , spokesman Robert Gibbs said . The IOC will vote on the host city the same day . No other U.S. president has ever attended an IOC vote . Obama , who lived in Chicago and represented Illinois in the Senate before becoming president , will be on official business representing the bid by the United States to host the Olympics , Gibbs said Monday . "  I do n't think there 's any doubt that the president is enormously proud of Chicago and would be enormously proud of ... the city hosting the bid , " Gibbs said , later adding : "  I think you 'll hear directly from both the first lady and the president about what they think the Olympic Games mean and how Chicago hosting the Games fits with what we all believe the Olympics means . " Chicago is vying for the Summer Games against Madrid , Spain ; Tokyo , Japan ; and Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . Leaders from Brazil , Spain and Japan are expected to also make in-person pitches . The United States has hosted four Summer Olympic Games . The games were held in St. Louis , Missouri , in 1904 ; in Los Angeles , California , in 1932 and 1984 ; and in Atlanta , Georgia , in 1996 . The last U.S. city to host the Olympics was Salt Lake City , Utah , which was the venue for the 2002 Winter Games . In April , the U.S. Olympic Committee chose Chicago over Los Angeles as the U.S. bid city . Earlier , three other U.S. cities were in the running : Houston , Texas ; Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ; and San Francisco , California . Obama held an event at the White House earlier this month to rally for Chicago as the host city . "  I may live in Washington these days , but I 've called Chicago home for nearly 25 years , " Obama said . "  It 's a city of broad shoulders , big hearts , and bold dreams . A city of legendary sports figures , legendary sports venues and legendary sports fans . "  We want these games ! " Obama exclaimed , drawing applause . While in Denmark , the president and first lady will meet with Queen Margrethe II and her husband , Prince Henrik , the White House said in a release . Obama also is scheduled to meet with Prime Minister Lars Løkke Rasmussen . Obama will leave Thursday night and return Friday afternoon , the White House said .	Chicago , Madrid , Tokyo , Rio de Janeiro are finalists to host 2016 Summer Olympics International Olympic Committee will vote Friday on location Obama trip to Denmark marks first time a U.S. president has attended IOC vote On one-day trip , Obama will also meet with Denmark 's queen , prime minister
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A coalition commander offered his alliance 's "  sincere apologies " Sunday for an airstrike that he said killed nine civilians in southern Afghanistan . Maj. Gen. John Toolan , the head of the International Security Assistance Force 's command in southwest Afghanistan , said his apology was being made "  on behalf of the coalition " and its top leaders , including U.S. Army Gen. David Petraeus . He pleaded with Afghans to not only forgive , but also to work with coalition forces in hopes of bolstering their security . "  I offer our heartfelt apologies to the families and friends of those killed , " Toolan said in a statement . "  I ask that the Afghan people continue to trust and assist their security forces , so that together we can stop the senseless killing brought upon us by an enemy who wants to exploit the Afghan people through fear and violence . " Earlier , Afghan and NATO officials said that Saturday 's attack in Helmand province killed a dozen children and two women . There was no immediate explanation for the disparity between this figure and the toll of nine civilians killed offered Sunday by Toolan , who also noted that a U.S. Marine was killed immediately before the strike . The strike provoked the ire of Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who strongly condemned the airstrike and insisted he was warning the U.S military and government "  for the last time " on behalf of the Afghan people about civilian deaths . He called the operation a mistake , but offered a different death toll , saying 10 children , two women and two men were killed . According to Toolan 's statement , the strike occurred after coalition troops came under attack in Helmand 's Now Zad district , leading to the death of the American Marine . Five insurgents then moved into a compound , where they continued to fire , the ISAF commander said . An airstrike was then ordered on this building "  to neutralize the threat . " Residents claimed that projectiles coming from a coalition helicopter hit two houses where women and children were staying , ISAF spokesman Daud Ahamadi had said earlier . "  Unfortunately , the compound the insurgents purposefully occupied was later discovered to house innocent civilians , " Toolan said in his statement . . Even as a full investigation into the incident continues , the ISAF commander said , "  We will ensure we make amends to the families  of those killed  in accordance with Afghan culture . " Helmand province , a Taliban stronghold that borders Pakistan , has been the scene of intense fighting this month since insurgents launched their so-called spring offensive . Anger in Afghanistan and Pakistan over civilian casualties has mounted in recent months following NATO airstrikes that have killed dozens along their shared border . In March , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates offered a personal apology to Afghan President Karzai for the killings of nine boys in a helicopter attack targeting insurgents . The top coalition commander in Afghanistan has warned of a likely increase in high-profile attacks by insurgents looking to demonstrate their ability to strike . In a letter this month to ISAF forces , Petraeus said the attacks may increase the risk of civilian casualties and put Afghan and ISAF forces in difficult situations . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy contributed to this story .	NEW : An ISAF commander offers his "  sincere apologies , " vows compensation NEW : He says the strike hit a building where insurgents -- and civilians -- were Afghanistan 's president warns the U.S. military and government "  for the last time " Helmand province has been the scene of intense fighting this month
CNN  -- When Tyra Smith 's boyfriend , Chris Lewis , first suggested they be guinea pigs in a H1N1 vaccination study in August , she was n't so crazy about the idea . But then she warmed to it : While she does n't like needles , she thought she 'd help out because she knew H1N1 was a serious virus . To cut your risk of catching a bug , doctors say wash your hands and avoid touching your mouth , nose and eyes . "  I heard people might die from it , " Smith said . "  So I think it 's a good idea to help people , by being involved . " Lewis and Smith , both from Baltimore , Maryland , were among the first Americans to receive H1N1 flu shots . As part of a trial of 2,400 people , they gave blood samples and kept diaries of their symptoms , all in an effort to get an H1N1 vaccine ready for the fall . Now that the results from this and other trials are in , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announced that the FDA has approved applications from four manufacturers to make H1N1 flu vaccine , which should be ready for high-risk patients by October 15 . She said there will be enough vaccine available for everyone eventually . And that 's just in time . With fall in the air and old man winter right around the corner , seasonal flu and the common cold are sure to follow -- and H1N1 is here ; in its most recent H1N1 update , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said 21 states are reporting widespread flu activity . This cold and flu season could star a cornucopia of viruses . Doctors say they worry the two flu strains  H1N1 and seasonal  could combine , further complicating the situation . Mix in colds , which are prevalent this time of year , and the immune system of Americans could be dealt a one-two punch . So , how can someone tell if those sniffles they 're having is something to be concerned about ? Infectious disease experts say people need to be aware of the symptoms . Dr. Shmuel Shoham , an infectious-disease specialist at Washington Hospital Center , says the common cold , seasonal flu and H1N1 are all respiratory illnesses , but they 're caused by different viruses . Symptoms of the cold are more common , and can make the patient miserable for three to five days . A patient usually has a stuffy nose , congestion , some body aches and a growing cough . According to the CDC seasonal flu and H1N1 symptoms consist of fever , more painful body aches , dry cough , diarrhea and severe fatigue . It 's hard , without testing , to tell apart the seasonal strain of flu from the H1N1 variety . Watch more on cold , flu and H1N1 symptoms " "  People need to take notice when they begin to feel bad . If they start to have respiratory problems , or are dehydrated because of a bug , they should go to the doctor . It could be H1N1 or seasonal influenza , " says Shoham . "  Some people with influenza can get very sick and could end up in the hospital if it 's not taken care of . " People at greatest risk for catching H1N1 include young people ages 6 months to 25 years , pregnant women , and people with chronic health conditions like asthma , diabetes or heart and lung disease . The CDC recommends that these groups -- as well as health care workers -- get vaccinated first . The seasonal influenza vaccination is especially important for people at high risk of serious flu complications , according to the CDC , including children ages 6 months to 18 years , people with immune system problems , women who plan on being pregnant during the flu season , those 50 years and older and health care workers . But if someone does n't fall into these categories , it does n't mean he or she should skip vaccinations altogether . Experts say everyone should get both flu shots . "  It 's the best way to protect yourself , " Shoham says . Other than flu shots , are there other ways to stay healthy and avoid all of these bugs ? Doctors say wash your hands and keep your fingers away from your mouth , nose and eyes . If you sneeze , sneeze into your elbow so as not to transfer your germs to your hands -- and everything else around you . As for the myth about avoiding cold drafts -- forget it . "  It does n't seem to play out that sleeping with the window open , going out with your hair wet in the cold affects your immune system , " Shoham says . Also , keep your immune system healthy . That translates to eating well , getting enough sleep and staying active . If you become ill and experience severe symptoms , see your doctor . Your physician may recommend antiviral drugs that can treat the flu . Antiviral drugs are prescription medicines  pills , liquid or an inhaled powder  that fight the flu by keeping the virus from reproducing in your body . Above all , stay away from others . If you have the flu , the CDC recommends you stay home for at least 24 hours after your fever is gone . It 's the best way to keep others from getting infected .	Seasonal flu , H1N1 and common cold will all be around this flu season Without testing , a person ca n't tell seasonal flu from H1N1 flu The symptoms of both are more severe than cold symptoms and include fever Expert : If you are having respiratory problems or are dehydrated , see your doctor
Helping families build homes was a job that Jessica Vu excelled at . As a sales consultant in Bellbrook , Ohio , she walked people through buying homes , selecting floor plans and customizing everything from doors and windows to counters . Then the housing market crashed in 2008 , and she was laid off while she was eight weeks pregnant with her first child . Like many Americans who lost their income sources when employers cut more than 1.2 million jobs in the first 10 months of 2008 , she struggled to find her footing . As the ripple effects of the recession continue , with monthly unemployment claims up in July , people like Vu are seeking alternatives to traditional office jobs and gambling on their passions . For Vu , that meant learning how to transform her childhood zeal for baking into profits . "  I wanted to know how to take what I loved doing and make it into a job , " the 35-year-old mother of two said . "  I was good at working in the housing market , and it was good to us . But being a baker , I am so much more creative now . " Vu thought she would go back into construction sales , but no jobs materialized . Instead , she divided her time among caring for her young children , baking and budgeting household expenses on a single income . Amid the Excel spreadsheets and extreme couponing , she wondered what would come next . To save money on holiday gifts , she started baking biscotti and realized she loved the process of creating the traditional Italian pastry , from dreaming up flavor combinations to kneading dough . She never thought baking biscotti was something she could actually do as a career . But looking back on her old job , she realizes it did n't stimulate her creative impulses like baking does . "  Every day at my current job , I am being challenged and inspired , " she said . "  When raspberries come into season , I might start thinking of new recipes . My wheels are always turning , and that is what I love . " A business without a storefront Vu has been baking since she could climb onto a kitchen stool . Her fondest memories from childhood are sitting in her mother 's kitchen , watching her pipe out elaborate icing designs onto towering wedding cakes and cookies . Whipping up pumpkin chocolate bread for friends was easy for Vu . But she thought she could n't have a successful business without a brick and mortar store . When she started to calculate the cost of opening a kitchen and storefront , the price added up . "  How do people do this on their own ? " She wondered while visiting farmers ' markets . A simple Google search for "  how to bake out of your own home " led her to an intriguing alternative : cottage bakeries , in which people cook , grow or make things in their homes to sell to consumers . But it did n't take long for her to discover that there was a lot of research , paperwork and technicalities involved . Each state has its own laws for cottage food operations  PDF  . Vu researched the rules and regulations of cottage bakery laws  PDF  , taking out an insurance policy and a limited liability company certificate . Then , she realized she needed customers . Her biscotti were already receiving praise from friends and family . That encouraged her to drop off three flavors at Dorothy Lane Market Store , a Dayton gourmet grocer , during a manager 's meeting in January . Within hours , she had her first order . Since then , she has rolled them out to all three of Dorothy Lane 's in-store bakeries . Since her first order in January , Vu 's business and confidence have grown . She secured a spot at her local farmers ' market and launched her business under the name Bites of Nostalgia . Her biscotti were even featured on the dessert menu at the Wine Gallery , an upscale restaurant in downtown Dayton . Finding a niche She attributes her success to finding a niche market . Most biscotti sold in stores are made in factories that produce the same typical flavors , like traditional Italian almond , anise , orange and pignoli . "  Surprisingly enough , there is little biscotti out there in bakeries , " she said . "  So it was n't that hard to break into . " Vu came up with five flavors based on combinations that play on popular culinary trends , like sweet and savory . One of her best-sellers , chocolate-caramel pretzel , was inspired by her husband , who challenged her to re-create his favorite candy , salted caramel . For those who like to stick with tradition , she has a lemon poppy seed , a cranberry pistachio and a classic Italian almond-anise flavor . With a recent order of 600 biscotti cookies for a wedding , Vu says , she is creating her own American dream . For years , her friends and family worked at and retired from the same companies . "  But for my generation , things are different , " she said . "  Life can be in stages . " For those in a new stage of life right now , Vu recommends doing what she tells herself each day : just keep looking forward . And if it 's not the plan you came up with right out of college -- or even before college -- do n't be scared . "  Sometimes , we get it wrong , " she said . "  And sometimes , you need to branch out if what you are doing is n't inspiring you . "	After losing job in 2008 , Jessica Vu transformed passion for baking biscotti into business She built business using cottage bakery laws that let home bakers sell goods She attributes her success to finding a niche market "  Sometimes , you need to branch out if what you are doing is n't inspiring you , " Vu said
CNN  -- All BlackBerry service has been restored following the largest network outage in that smartphone 's history , Research in Motion executives said in a conference call on Thursday morning . "  We 've now restored full services , " RIM 's co-CEO Mike Lazaridis told reporters . Some BlackBerry users may still see e-mails coming in slowly as the system recovers , he said . The major outage frustrated customers on nearly every continent who were unable to send and receive e-mails and text messages this week . It also comes at a bad time for RIM , which is facing increased competition from Android and Apple smartphones . The iPhone 4S is set to be released on Friday , and social media posts suggest some BlackBerry users may switch to other phones in part because of the prolonged break in services . The outage started on Monday in Europe and spread to North America , Asia , Africa , the Middle East and South America over the course of the next two days . A failure at one of the company 's messaging servers in Europe , along with the subsequent failure of its backup system , led to a ripple effect that reportedly caused problems for millions of BlackBerry owners . Executives on Thursday did not answer questions about how many people were impacted by the four-day service outage , but they did say this breakdown was the largest in the company 's history . "  We 've worked 12 yrs since the launch of BlackBerry to win the trust of our 70 million BlackBerry subscribers and we 're going to fully commit to win that trust back -- 100 % , " Lazaridis said during the press conference . This is not the first time RIM has faced a major service outage . "  I have been an analyst for 25 years and have watched RIM wrestle with this same outage problem time after time . Every few years we get pinched by yet another major problem , " tech analyst Jeff Kagan said in a statement . This outage , however , comes at a particularly unfortunate time for RIM , since it faces increasing competition in the smart phone market , Kagan says . BlackBerry users , many of whom use the devices primarily for business purposes , took to the Web to vent their anger about the outage . Twitter and other messaging platforms have been full of complaints since the outage began almost four days ago . The CNN Wire , CNN 's Erin McLaughlin and CNNMoney 's Julianne Pepitone contributed to this report	NEW : BlackBerry says service has been fully restored globally Customers say the outage has disrupted business and personal lives Backup systems did not perform as expected , an executive says Millions of people around the world were unable to send , receive messages
After unveiling its "  first Latina " princess last week , Disney now says Jamie Mitchell , the producer of the TV show "  Sofia the First , " "  misspoke " during a press tour and that the title character is not a Latina . The word comes after questions arose about what made "  Sofia the First " culturally relevant and why the media was n't informed when the show was first announced in 2011 . Backlash for Disney 's first Latina princess The National Hispanic Media Coalition , a Latino media advocacy organization , met with Nancy Kanter , Disney Junior Worldwide 's senior vice president of original programming and general manager , to discuss the impact of "  Sofia the First " in the Latino community . "  She shared that Sofia the First is in fact not a Latina character and that the producer of the television program misspoke , " NHMC president and CEO Alex Nogales said in a statement . "  We accept the clarification and celebrate the good news that Disney Junior has an exciting project in early development that does have a Latina as the heroine of the show . " Just days before meeting with the media group , Kanter tried to clarify the princess ' ethnicity on their Disney Junior Worldwide Facebook page : "  Some of you may have seen the recent news stories on whether Sofia is or is n't a "  Latina princess . " What 's important to know is that Sofia is a fairytale girl who lives in a fairytale world . All our characters come from fantasy lands that may reflect elements of various cultures and ethnicities but none are meant to specifically represent those real world cultures . The writers have wisely chosen to write stories that include elements that will be familiar and relatable to kids from many different backgrounds including Spain and Latin America . For example , Sofia 's mom comes from a fictitious land , Galdiz , which was inspired by Spain . " There has been no confirmation from Disney on whether a project with a Latina heroine was already in the works , but the NHMC has agreed to share an alumni list from its writers program to help create authentic , three-dimensional Latino characters . Nogales said he appreciated Disney/ABC 's commitment to diversity and that he looks forward to seeing more Latino lead characters as the stars of their shows . What you do n't know about Latinos in America	Disney 's Sofia the First is not a Latina character National Hispanic Media Coalition met with Disney to discuss the matter Disney Junior has new project under way with Latina as the heroine of the show NHMC lauds Disney 's commitment to diversity
CNN  -- Sergio Garcia could lose a lucrative sponsorship deal after his "  fried chicken " jibe directed at golf 's World No. 1 Tiger Woods . Garcia apologized Wednesday for his off the cuff remarks at an official dinner , but the Spaniard 's equipment and clothing sponsor TaylorMade-adidas has gone public with its displeasure over the remarks . "  Sergio Garcia 's recent comment was offensive and in no way aligns with TaylorMade-adidas Golf 's values and corporate culture , " said a statement released by the company . Its long standing backing of former World No. 2 Garcia stretches back to 2002 but appears to have been placed under strain over the controversy . "  We have spoken with Sergio directly and he clearly has regret for his statement and we believe he is sincere . "  We discussed with Sergio that his comments are clearly out of bounds and we are continuing to review the matter , " it concluded . There was more embarrassment for golf Thursday afternoon when European Tour chief executive George O'Grady issued an apology for using the word "  colored " during an interview defending Garcia . O'Grady claimed that many of Garcia 's friends were "  colored athletes " and has since apologized . He said : "  I deeply regret using an inappropriate word in a live interview for Sky Sports , for which I unreservedly apologize . " Garcia , who finished with a level par 72 in his first round of the European Tour 's flagship PGA Championship at Wentworth Thursday , was clad from head to foot in the products of his biggest sponsor . But he has admitted that the racist row which exploded after his comments had left him severely distracted . "  It was tough to hit a shot  in the pro-am  without thinking about it , " the 33-year-old told gathered reporters . Garcia has had an uneasy relationship with Woods for a number of years and it deteriorated to an all - time low after the Tour 's annual dinner Tuesday night . Answering questions from the media , he was asked if he would invite his American rival to dinner at next month 's U.S. Open . Garcia quipped he would have him round every night and serve fried chicken , a remark associated with racial stereo typing when used in reference to African Americans . Woods responded on his twitter account , saying the comments were "  hurtful and inappropriate " but later tried to diffuse the row . "  I 'm confident that there is real regret that the remark was made . "  The Players ended nearly two weeks ago and it 's long past time to move on and talk about golf . " Woods , who won the Players Championship , was involved in a spat with Garcia after the third round at Sawgrass -- where they were paired together . Garcia claimed he was disturbed by Woods as he hit a shot and later admitted his relationship with the 14-time major winner was strained . "  You ca n't like everyone , " he said . The saga echoes a 1997 incident after Woods won his first U.S. Masters title . Former Masters champion Fuzzy Zoeller was asked what choice Woods might make at the major 's annual dinner the following year -- as would be his right as the holder . "  You pat him on the back and say congratulations and enjoy it and tell him not serve fried chicken next year . Got it ? Or collard greens or whatever the hell they serve . " Zoeller 's reputation took a battering in the row that followed and despite issuing an apology , which Woods accepted , he also later shed a key sponsorship deal with K-Mart . On the course , South Africa 's James Kingston ended the first day at the top of the leaderboard after carding a six-under 66 . Kingston , who lost his card last season , hit four birdies in his final seven holes . "  You are not automatically invited into most of these events , so it 's tough to plan your schedule , " he told reporters after carving out a one-shot lead over Finland 's Mikko Ilonen . "  It takes one good week and things change , so I am hoping to make the best of this week . World No. 2 Rory McIlroy endured a disappointing day , finishing the day on two-over par following his round of 74 . He told reporters : "  It was tricky . The conditions obviously were not ideal , so it is tough to shoot a low score out there . I felt I was doing well after the first 12 holes but I just let the round get away from me . "  In the first 12 holes I did n't really miss a shot , but I am not getting as much out of my rounds as I should do . "	Sergio Garcia 's clothing and equipment sponsor places his deal under ` review ' TaylorMade-adidas say comments about Tiger Woods were offensive Garcia embroiled in racist row over ` fried chicken ' remarks Spaniard has issued public apology
CNN  -- Fifteen years ago this month , Rwanda declared a cease-fire in a genocide that left more than 800,000 dead . In the attacks that started in April 1994 , Hutu militias and members of the general population sought out Tutsis and moderate Hutus -- and went on a 100-day killing rampage . In June of 1994 , Rwanda was still in the grip of a 100-day killing rampage . Civilians and children got incentives to take part in the atrocities , including promises of land belonging to their Tutsi neighbors . It was one of the most brutal genocides in modern history . Some figures put the number of dead at 1 million , 10 percent of the population of the central African nation . Millions more were raped and disfigured . A whole generation of children lost their parents . What started the Tutsi and Hutu rivalry The Tutsi ethnic minority and the Hutu majority had been at odds even before 1994 . The rivalry started during colonial times , when the Belgians considered Tutsis the privileged ethnicity , thus giving them better opportunities . The Hutus were considered inferior , prompting resentment that was passed on through the generations . The first major assault on Tutsis occurred in 1959 , killing thousands and prompting more attacks over the years . The animosity caused the Tutsis to flee to neighboring countries , including Burundi and Uganda . The Hutus took over the government when Rwanda gained its independence from Belgium in 1962 , but the resentment remained . Hours before the genocide In early April , a plane carrying then-President Juvenal Habyarimana , a Hutu , was shot down near the capital , Kigali . The president , his Burundian counterpart and their aides were killed . A few hours later , Rwanda erupted into chaos . Some have accused current President Paul Kagame , a Tutsi , of masterminding the killing . Kagame , who led a Tutsi militia group at the time , has denied any ties . He has accused Hutu rebels of instigating the assassinations to incite fury and attacks on Tutsis . Differences between Hutus and Tutsis They speak the same language and practice the same customs . However , most Tutsis are considered tall and lanky , which has led to speculation that they have Ethiopian heritage . During the genocide , the bodies of Tutsis were thrown into rivers by the Hutus , who said they were sending them back to Ethiopia . The aftermath of the genocide After 100 days of death and destruction , the Tutsi militia led by Kagame defeated the Hutu rebels and took control of the government . Scores of Hutus fled to neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo , where they have been accused of inciting more violence . Rwanda has invaded Congo various times to launch an offensive against Hutus allegedly linked to the genocide . After the cease-fire , a multiethnic government made up of Hutu President Pasteur Bizimungu and Vice President Kagame came into power . Bizimungu was later accused of ethnic discord and jailed . Kagame became president in 2000 . Trials for genocide suspects Top officials such as army generals and politicians who allegedly took part in the genocide are tried in the Rwandan justice system and the International Criminal Tribunal , which is based in Tanzania . Civilians who allegedly contributed either directly or indirectly are tried in gacaca courts . The latter are community courts conducted by a panel of nine civilians in an open field . The courts allow survivors to point out and confront their attackers . Gacaca means "  open grass " in the local language . Human rights organizations say the gacacas fall short on delivering justice . State of the nation 15 years later Rwanda is now considered one of Africa 's most stable nations . Education , health care , tourism and trade -- which were destroyed in the genocide -- have improved dramatically . Kagame has made big strides against corruption , a major problem in Africa . However , critics have accused him of being an autocratic leader who has stifled the country 's media . Others have said the growth in economy is limited to urban areas and has not trickled into rural areas .	Simmering hatreds between Tutsi and Hutu erupted in genocide in 1994 100-day killing rampage left 800,000 dead -- mostly Tutsis and moderate Hutus Rwanda is now considered one of Africa 's most stable nations
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Two rockets from Gaza slammed into southern Israel on Thursday morning , as U.S. President Barack Obama prepared to leave Jerusalem for Ramallah for meetings with top Palestinian Authority officials . One of the rockets landed in the courtyard of a house in the city of Sderot , but no casualties were reported , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . A police disposal expert was still searching for the other rocket , Rosenfeld said . Obama is on a four-day trip to Israel and the West Bank , his first since assuming office . On Thursday , he is expected to meet with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Israel seized Gaza during the 1967 war , and withdrew settlers from there in 2005 . In the ensuing years , militants in Gaza have regularly launched rocket attacks into southern Israel . In November , Israel launched what it called the Pillar of Defense operation , a series of military strikes on Gaza designed to stop the constant rocket fire . Eight days of round-the-clock warfare followed between Israel and Hamas , the Palestinian movement that controls Gaza . As Israel targeted Hamas military commanders and weaponry , Palestinian militants continued to fire rockets into Israel , battering the southern region and reaching Israel 's two major cities -- Jerusalem and Tel Aviv . Israel called up reservists and massed its forces on the Gaza border , threatening a ground invasion . Many feared a repeat of Israel 's Operation Cast Lead offensive against Palestinian militants in late 2008 , an operation that led to a bloody three-week war . The fighting in November took its toll : More than 160 Palestinians , many of whom were civilians , were killed . Six Israelis died , including civilians and soldiers . Hundreds were wounded . The fighting ended after Egypt and the United States helped broker the cease-fire that lasted until February 26 . On that day , a rocket damaged a road outside the town of Ashkelon , about 15 kilometers  9 miles  from Gaza . The Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigades , a Gaza militant group , claimed responsibility CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem and Karen Smith from Atlanta .	One rocket lands in the courtyard of a house No casualties are reported Militants in Gaza have regularly launched rocket attacks
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- Farmers in Argentina blocked highways and rural routes throughout the country to protest anew the lack in progress in negotiations with the government over export taxes on farm goods . Farmers stage a "  tractorazo " in Esperanza , Argentina , on March 12 in protest against taxes on exports of soybeans . Argentine television news channel Todo Noticias showed images of trucks and cars stopped along rural routes in the provinces of Santa Fe and Entre Rios on Thursday . In the town of Armstrong , 250 miles northwest of the capital of Buenos Aires , protesters stopped traffic on Route 9 , burned car tires and waved Argentine flags . The roadblocks were the latest in a year-long conflict between the government of President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner and Argentina 's large farming sector over export taxes on soybeans . Argentina is the world 's third-largest soybean exporter . The country has been hard hit by recent drops in global commodities prices , as well as a severe drought . Last year , demonstrations by farmers caused food shortages and blocked farm products from leaving the country . On Thursday farmers once again mounted roadblocks after lawmakers failed to reach quorum in Congress to debate a bill that would reduce the 35 percent soybean export tax . As farmers gathered Thursday afternoon on the nation 's highways , Fernandez was announcing new money-sharing measures . "  Soy revenues will go to a fund that will be shared with the provinces and municipalities , " Fernandez told lawmakers at the presidential residence in Olivos . "  Seventy percent of the fund will be controlled by the federal government and 30 percent by governors and local officials . " "  It 's never been our intention to take anything away from anyone , " she said , alluding to complaints from farmers that the export taxes on soybeans were unfair . The president said $ 1.776 billion from the fund would be used for social infrastructure needs -- "  schools , houses , drinking water , sewers . " Fernandez cited "  the moment of international crisis " as the reason for her decision to create "  a federal solidarity fund . " But farm leaders criticized the announcement as a political move during an election year . Fernandez has sent a bill to Congress that would move mid-term congressional elections up four months , from October to June . "  The government again will lose again with ideas like these ; this is an attitude that will only serve to provoke farmers , " Eduardo Buzzi of the Argentine Agrarian Federation told Todo Noticias . "  The people are still being strangled by these taxes . "	Roadblocks are the latest in a year-long conflict over export taxes on soybeans Lawmakers failed to reach quorum in Congress to debate a bill to cut the tax Fernandez announces fund from soy revenues for provinces , municipalities Farm leaders criticize announcement as election ploy
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Bob Andrews lost his sight in the Vietnam War but the patriotic American is keen to serve his country again by helping to revive a Ryder Cup competition for blind golfers . Blind golfer Tony Shearman with guide Martin Poole . Former U.S. Marine Andrews was 22 when he was robbed of his vision in 1967 after a grenade explosion left him unable to see . Andrews only occasionally played golf when he was younger . But when he lost his sight his interest in the sport really developed and he became involved in the development of the U.S. Blind Golf Association . Andrews is excited by the possibility of a return of blind golf 's version of the Ryder Cup , which was last contested in 1995 . And as a former president of the USBGA who now sits on the board of the International Blind Golf Association , Andrews is hopeful the tournament can be revived . "  I would love to see a Ryder Cup for blind golfers make a return . We had some great days back in the 1990s and played some great courses such as Wentworth , " he said . "  The Ryder Cup itself is really popular and I think that matchplay in a team scenario is ideal for blind golf so bringing it back is something we should all work towards . "  Of course , there are different levels of blindness and provided that the criteria can be laid down -- which has caused some problems in the past -- then I think we could have a brilliant event on our hands . " Tony Shearman , of the English Blind Golf Association , agreed that there is interest in a Ryder Cup competition for blind golfers on his side of the Atlantic . He added : "  Blind golf is really growing and expanding as a sport in Europe and further afield . I think there is a real appetite among the top players here to get some sort of match up between the U.S. and Europe if at all possible . "  We also have some of the best players , including current world champion Mike Loten , so it would be a really good contest . If something can be sorted out that would be brilliant , " he finished . Blind or partially sighted golfers have a sighted coach who assists the golfer in describing distance , direction and characteristics of the hole , and helps with club head alignment behind the ball , prior to the stroke . From this point , the golfer is on their own , and it is their skill that determines the resulting stroke . Other than the coach , there is only one relaxation to the Royal & Ancient Rules of Golf : Blind or partially sighted golfers are allowed to ground their club in a hazard . Andrews , who lives in Florida , revealed that blind golfers use several techniques to aid them just before they make the shot . "  Some golfers like to visualize what the whole looks like and get as much information as possible from the sighted coach to try and paint a picture in their mind of what the layout of the hole might be , " he told CNN . "  But I prefer to play the numbers game . What is the par for hole ? What is the length of the hole ? Once I know these things I can calculate the power needed for my shots and pretty much know how far I need to hit the ball and which club I need . "  Without doubt , putting is the most difficult -- I try to read the contour of the greens through my shoes to get a feel for how hard I have to hit the ball , whether there is a gradient et cetera , " Andrews explained . "  A lot of the time , with advice from the coach , blind golfers can make it to the greens in more or less the same number of shots as sighted players , " he said . "  Most of the golf I play is against players who have full vision . And let me tell you they do n't cut me any slack whatsoever -- not a single stroke -- especially if the loser buys the beer ! " he joked . While the sighted coach is essential to the blind golfer , having an extra person can also bring a fresh set of problems . "  Sometimes having a coach can overcomplicate things for you with the amount of information and often when they leave stuff out it can actually help you , " Andrews explained . "  For example , I would hit over a lake easier if I did n't know I was doing so -- but if I know it is there then all of a sudden it puts more pressure on you , " he said . "  The other thing is that you are playing as part of a team , " he continued . "  You might be on fire and playing the best golf of your life but if the other part of that team is having a bad day it can mean you do n't shoot the score you want . "	Vietnam veteran Bob Andrews is keen to revive a Ryder Cup for blind golfers Blind golfers usually have a sighted coach who advises them on shots There are relatively few differences between blind golf and conventional golf English blind golfer Tony Shearman would also welcome a return of the event
CNN -- Elton John may be famous for smash hits such as "  Tiny Dancer " and scores for films such as "  The Lion King , " but he 's also made a name for himself in HIV/AIDS activism . Advances in treatments for HIV/AIDS have led to some people taking more risks , Elton John says . The singer-songwriter established the Elton John AIDS Foundation in the United States and the United Kingdom to support HIV prevention programs , efforts to eliminate stigma and discrimination associated with the disease , and care and support services for people living with the condition . The foundation has raised more than $ 150 million . John has said that Ryan White , an Indiana teenager who died of HIV/AIDS in 1990 , inspired him to create this foundation . John sat down with CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta before speaking Tuesday at the Bio International Convention in Atlanta , Georgia . Here is an edited transcript . CNN : What are you doing here today ? Elton John : I 'm doing a speech about the situation with AIDS in America basically , and how we need to address what 's going on . We seem to be falling a little behind in America . I find this disease very cyclical . Every 10 years or so , after we spend a lot of money trying to educate people -- a new generation of people -- and we tell them to have safe sex and to abstain sometimes but have safe sex , wear condoms , we find that after 10 years another whole group of people come along . And we have to start all over again , which is really , really frustrating because it takes money for education . And we find that if we could get into the schools at a grass-roots levels , which we do in places like Africa where we get to kids at a young age and we tell them about preventive measures for not getting HIV , we find the success rate is tremendous . Watch more of Dr. Gupta 's interview with Elton John " CNN : Sometimes in medicine , you can actually be a victim of your own success . When the medications are pretty good , you see a resurgence of high-risk behavior . How do you affect that ? John : I 'm a recovering alcoholic and drug addict . I know that when I used to use and drink , that my mind situation was altered completely . Your caution goes out the window and you think , "  Oh , well , we 'll gamble , we 'll have ... " and luckily , I was so lucky enough to not be HIV infected . Once you have that drink and that drug , your mind-set goes out the window and a lot of people think , "  Oh yeah , because there 's medicine available now , " as you say , "  We 're going to be OK , and we have to take now one pill a day maybe , " which is incredible , because initially people had to take God knows how many pills a day , various cocktails to get them through this disease . Now , people are going back into the work force , they 're becoming alive again , they live for a much longer time , which is great . But , this is incredibly toxic medicine you 're taking , and it does n't work for everybody , and you 're really playing ... Russian roulette with your life . And it 's sad -- you think that after all this time , and all of this education that has gone down , and with all the statistics and deaths that people have seen , and the Ryan White situation going down , that people would be a little bit more careful . But we 're finding they 're not . CNN : When you look at your foundation , and you 're talking to the people who work with you , how do you measure your success ? John : We 're very small , and I 've kept it small because I 've always wanted to keep an eye on what was going on . We have two people basically running the organization in America and about seven or eight in Britain plus volunteers . In America for the last four years , I 've measured the success by the fact that we have a four-star rating from the Charity Navigator for the last four years , which means that we are doing a fantastic job . We do n't waste any money , we do n't gamble with our money . CNN : You go to South Africa every year , I understand ? John : Every year at the beginning of the year , we start the year on safari , we go and visit our AIDS projects , and as soon as you go there and see -- and you have to visit your projects from time to time , wherever they are , whether it 's in America , South America , West Indies , whatever -- we go and visit these projects on a regular basis to see the results that we 're doing , to see if it 's working , to see if our money 's being spent the right way , and to come back and feel "  yes , we 're working , its working , so let 's do more . " When you see something that 's working , you want to do more . You say , "  This is fantastic . " CNN : What are some of those success stories ? John : Well , in Kalicha , in Cape Town , there was a woman we visited about five years ago . Somebody left a baby on her doorstep one night , and the mother had thrown herself in front of a train , the baby was orphaned , and they gave it to Rosalia . And she took it in , and then everyone started leaving babies on their doorstep . So there were about 120 kids sleeping in a shack , her home , like six to a bed . And we were reduced to tears -- one woman and volunteers were looking after all of these kids . We said , "  One day , this whole street where you 're living , we 'll build you some homes , proper homes for these kids to live in . " Now there are six "  cluster homes , " they call them , where they have running water , showers , proper bedrooms , they 're like beautiful little houses . So that street now , there 's no original shack left , it 's got all beautiful houses for these kids to live in . You go there , you see how happy they are , and you think , God this is amazing . We were inspired because of this one woman . We do good work , but these people on the ground , these people that are actually in the trenches every day who are looking after AIDS patients , who are looking after orphans , they 're the heroes -- we 're not . We 're just trying to make their lives a bit easier , and because they 're doing such great humanitarian work . CNN : What is your routine like ? John : Well lets put it like this : I have a musical nominated for 15 Tonys , I 'm doing an animation movie for Disney that I 'm writing the music for , I 'm producing , we have a show called "  Spectacle " which is on Sundance which is with Elvis Costello , which is an incredibly well-received show . I 'm going to do an album with Leon Russell next year , I have a ballet going to be done by the Alberta Ballet , I have the AIDS foundation , I have my management company -LSB- in -RSB- which we manage lots of young artists , and I still have free time . I love my life and I 'm 62 , I 've never felt better . I 've never had more joy than I have in my life right now , and the AIDS foundation is a huge part of that .	The Elton John AIDS Foundation has raised more than $ 150 million The singer is a recovering alcoholic and drug addict He goes to South Africa every year to visit projects John 's foundation helped build homes for orphans in South Africa
Within two weeks of the raid that killed Osama bin Laden , the head of U.S. special forces issued orders that all photos of the body be either turned in or destroyed , a newly released document shows . In an e-mail dated May 13 , 2011 , then-Vice Adm. William McRaven wrote the following : "  One particular item that I want to emphasize is photos ; particularly UBLs remains . At this point -- all photos should have been turned over to the CIA ; if you still have them destroy them immediately or get them to the -LSB- redacted . -RSB- " The e-mail was obtained by the conservative activist group Judicial Watch , which has called for the public release of photos of the raid in Pakistan that killed the al Qaeda leader . The e-mail , which was almost entirely redacted , was released under a Freedom of Information Act request . See a PDF of the redacted e-mail Days before McRaven 's instructions , Judicial Watch had filed a FOIA request for such photos , and hours before , they filed a lawsuit , according to the group 's president , Tom Fitton . "  Despite there being multiple requests for this information , and a lawsuit for this information , there was a directive that was sent out , to who knows who , to destroy records , " he said . "  It may have been in violation of the law , " he said . It is not clear whether any photos of bin Laden 's remains were actually destroyed . Through a spokesman , McRaven declined to comment . Retired Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , a CNN military analyst , says if McRaven ordered photos deleted , he may have been trying to protect operational secrets , sources and methods and trying to make sure no commandos kept any photos or video of the covert raid that they were not authorized to keep . "  It would n't be surprising if they shook them down , and they said ` OK , I want to make sure you do n't have something that 's hidden away someplace , ' " he said . In the days after the raid , President Barack Obama said he would not authorize the release of any images of bin Laden 's corpse , saying it would create a security risk . Osama bin Laden : The fast facts "  It is important for us to make sure that very graphic photos of somebody who was shot in the head are not floating around as an incitement to additional violence , as a propaganda tool , " the president told CBS news magazine "  60 Minutes . " Former FBI Assistant Director Tom Fuentes said he would have similar concerns if photos of the terrorist 's body were made public . "  You would see those images forever on television , " he said . "  That could lead to more recruitment of future al Qaeda members , making him a martyr . " Fitton is not persuaded by that argument . "  Americans ' right to know about what their government is up to should be circumscribed because we do n't want to offend terrorists and their sympathizers ? That to me is unbelievable , " he said . "  This is a historic raid . People have a right to this information . " But so far , the courts have not sided with Judicial Watch on that question , and the Supreme Court declined to hear the organization 's appeal . The U.S. raid on bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , was conducted on May 2 , 2011 . What the U.S. planned if the raid in Pakistan had not worked ` Nightmare ' at home for SEAL who shot Osama bin Laden	Then-Vice Adm. William McRaven sent an e-mail dated May 13 , 2011 Concerns were high about the possible leak of photos of Osama bin Laden 's corpse His orders : "  If you still have them destroy them immediately or get them to the -LSB- redacted . -RSB- " The conservative activist group Judicial Watch obtained the e-mails
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. military 's "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " policy could be overturned in the first year of President-elect Barack Obama 's administration , according to the lead sponsor of a bill that would repeal the law . A bill that would repeal the U.S. military 's "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " policy has 149 co-sponsors in the House . Obama has pledged to lift the ban on gays serving openly in the U.S. military . A spokesman for Obama 's transition office would not comment for this story , but two months ago , Obama suggested he would move cautiously , telling the Philadelphia Gay News he would first get the military on board . "  Although I have consistently said I would repeal ` do n't ask-don ' t tell , ' I believe that the way to do it is to make sure that we are working through processes , getting the Joint Chiefs of Staff clear in terms of what our priorities are going to be , " Obama told the newspaper . Instituted in 1993 , the policy ended the military 's practice of asking potential service members if they are gay , but requires the dismissal of openly gay service members . A bill to replace the law with a policy that would allow gays to openly serve has 149 co-sponsors in the U.S. House , including Ellen Tauscher , D-California . Tauscher said that with a new administration , the timing is right to try to pass the bill . "  The key here is to get bills that pass the House and the Senate , that we can get to President-elect Obama to sign , and I think that we can do that , certainly , the first year of the administration , " Tauscher told CNN . Gay rights advocates say it 's important for Obama to avoid the approach used by the Clinton administration . President Clinton initially promised to repeal the military 's then-complete ban on gays with an executive order . But the plan roiled Pentagon brass -- including then-Joint Chiefs Chairman Colin Powell -- and provoked a fierce backlash from conservatives in Congress . Congress stripped Clinton of his power to change the policy and forced him to accept the "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " compromise -- a law that can be repealed only by Congress . But after 15 years and four wars , attitudes in the Pentagon -- and among the public -- have changed . A Washington Post/ABC News poll this summer found 75 percent of Americans support allowing gays to serve openly , compared to only 45 percent in 1993 . Retired Adm. Charles Larson , the former head of the Naval Academy , heads a list of more than 100 retired U.S. military leaders who have signed a statement calling for an end the policy , according to the Palm Center at the University of California-Santa Barbara . The think tank has studied issues involving gays in the military for the past decade . CNN 's Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	Bill would allow gays to openly serve in the U.S. military During run for presidency , Barack Obama said he would repeal "  do n't ask-don ' t tell " Bill sponsor : New policy could pass in first year of Obama administration
MONTGOMERY , Alabama  CNN  -- From the time he first emerged as a civil rights leader , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. lived with the threat of death , but he never wavered in his commitment to non-violence . Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. believed the cause they were fighting for was worth dying for . "  Dr. King made it rather clear that the cause that we were fighting for was not only worth living for , but it was worth dying for , if need be , " said Fred Gray , the lawyer who helped King lead the fight to desegregate city buses in Montgomery , Alabama , in 1956 . A month after blacks began a bus boycott , a midnight caller warned King that he would be sorry he ever came to Montgomery . Three days later , his house was bombed . Angry blacks gathered outside King 's home , but Gray said , "  Once he found out his family was safe and secure , he simply went out , talked to the crowd , and told them to go home , and they went . " King knew what could happen when he led demonstrations in Birmingham , Alabama , in 1963 , facing fire hoses and police dogs in an effort to desegregate downtown businesses . Longtime aide Andrew Young said , "  Going to Birmingham was to him the possibility of an imminent death . " Another aide , the Rev. Wyatt Tee Walker , said when he kissed his own wife and children goodbye to go there , "  I thought I would never see them again . I did n't think I would come out of Birmingham alive . I did n't think King would . " But in September , after the city had yielded , it would be four young girls who would be killed in the bombing of the 16th Street Baptist Church . King felt responsible , Young said . "  Most of those days he was in a deep depression . " When King delivered the eulogy for the victims , lawyer Clarence Jones said , "  It was one of the few vivid times ... where I observed tears , him crying as he was speaking . " Yet King told the mourners , "  In spite of the darkness of this hour ... we must not become bitter , nor must we harbor the desire to retaliate with violence . " King flew into Memphis , Tennessee , the first week of April 1968 to try to lead a peaceful march in support of a strike by black garbage workers . On a stormy night , he spoke at a church rally . "  He talked about death more than I heard him talk about it at any one given , " Memphis NAACP leader Rev. Billy Kyles said . King told the crowded church , "  I do n't know what will happen now . We 've got some difficult days ahead . But it really does n't matter with me now . Because I 've been to the mountaintop . And I do n't mind . " Young said the speech was one that King had made before when times were dangerous . "  Because he had done it before , and we 'd gone on to the next place , I was n't really taking it seriously , " Young said . "  It was just a great speech , but I never thought I was listening to his last speech . " King ended : "  I 'm not fearing any man . Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord . " "  We were just boo-hooing . And we had to actually help him to his seat , " Kyles said . "  He gave it his all , and somehow , I guess he knew that would be his last hurrah . " The next evening , King walked out of his motel room to have dinner at Kyles ' home . "  I said , ` Guys , come on , let 's go , ' and I walked to the stairs , " Kyles remembered . "  Before I could get to the stairs , the shot rang out . ` Ka-POW ! ' "  Blood was everywhere , " Kyles said . "  I took a spread from one of the beds and covered him from the neck down . He never said a word . "	Lawyer : Dr. King believed the cause was worth dying for After his house was bombed , King simply told supporters to go home King went to Memphis to lead a peaceful march in support of garbage workers Observers said King talked more about death on that fateful trip in 1968
CNN  -- For many graduate students seeking an advanced education degree , obstacles abound . Issues of finance , time management and family logistics often get in the way of students furthering their education and their dreams . Palestinian Sawsan Salameh is attending an Israeli university after years of negotiations and court proceedings . For Sawsan Salameh , the obstacles also involved politics . Several years ago , Salameh , a 31-year-old Palestinian from the West Bank village of Anata , was granted a scholarship to study at Hebrew University of Jerusalem . Although her town is only a few miles from the university , access to the school was out of reach because of an Israeli military ban that limited Palestinian students ' access to Israeli universities , on security grounds . But she was far from giving up on her goal of pursuing her education . "  When I was in high school , it was a dream that I should finish my Ph.D. , " Salameh said . After obtaining a master 's degree at Al Quds University , a Palestinian school in the West Bank , Salameh was granted full scholarships at several international schools , including Hebrew University . With the military ban in place , Salameh considered studying at a university abroad . "  I started to think I should get up and take this offer to leave , but it 's not easy to go abroad , and the only chance is for me to study in Israel , because it 's important for me to stay close to my family , " Salameh said . Salameh sought the support of the Israeli human rights organization Gisha , which submitted a petition to Israel 's Supreme Court on her behalf in 2006 . The Supreme Court responded by asking the military to lift the ban and allow Salameh to study at Hebrew University , where she is pursuing a Ph.D. in pharmacology . "  We argued Sawsan 's case for 2 1/2 years , and at the end of the day , the military agreed to let Sawsan study , " said Sari Bashi , director of Gisha . "  It was impossible to deny her incredible talents and the example she set for women and girls throughout the West Bank , " Bashi says . The Israeli military agreed to review all future requests for Palestinians in the West Bank wishing to pursue a degree at an Israeli university on a case-by-case basis , based on specific criteria . The criteria include that the potential student clear all necessary internal security checks , that the student pursue a degree in a discipline that would encourage regional cooperation and develop area coexistence , and that the area of study not have the potential to cause damage to Israel , says Maj. Guy Inbar , spokesman for the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories . The area of study must be supported by an international organization  such as the U.N. or the Red Cross  and approved by the Ministry of Education and must also be a degree unique to an Israeli university  not offered at a Palestinian university  . The request must come with a recommendation from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , according to Inbar . After Salameh 's victory , Gisha , with the support of a number of Israeli academics , further appealed to the court to push the military to ease these limitations . The Israeli military 's heightened security concerns reflect heightened tensions in the region due to the ongoing Palestinian-Israeli conflict . In July 2002 , a bomb exploded in the student cafeteria of Hebrew University , killing seven people . The Islamic fundamentalist group Hamas claimed responsibility for the explosion , according to Palestinian sources . Still , some academics at Hebrew University believe qualified students like Salameh pose no security risk , and their acceptance to Israeli universities could even foster better relations in the region . Professor Alon Harel , a law professor at Hebrew University , pushed for the appeal to lift the military 's criteria on Palestinian students . He believes that the admission of Palestinian students from the West Bank would enrich the academic environment at the university , particularly in the study of law . "  It 's particularly important for classes to be diverse , for people to have familiarity with Arabic studies and Islamic law , " he said . Other academics agree that qualified students such as Salameh can only add to the diversity of the campus , where thousands of Israeli Arab students are enrolled . "  My personal feeling is that we should do everything we can to allow Palestinian students to study at Hebrew University , " said Yaacov Schul , vice rector at Hebrew University . Salameh is a devout Muslim with a traditional background yet shirks pressure from family members to focus on marriage and motherhood . "  Everyday I have to hear something about -LSB- not being married -RSB- from relatives and aunts , " she says . "  It 's become -LSB- the -RSB- usual . " Salameh , who also provides valuable resources for young women at a women 's center she opened in her community , says she hopes her pursuit of higher education will open even more doors for young women also wishing to pursue a higher education and achieve their academic goals . "  I get lots of phone calls every day from girls in the West Bank who ask me how to apply to universities in Israel , " Salameh said . "  Maybe they can become more than just a wife and mother and at least finish their first degree , " she said . Salameh says she enjoys the collegial atmosphere at Hebrew University , where she studies among Israeli Arab , international and Israeli students . She is considering pursuing another degree after completing her Ph.D. in two years . "  I would like to help other people , and I hope the political situation will become better and things will become easier , " she said .	Palestinian Sawsan Salameh faced many obstacles before attending Israeli school She hopes she can open doors for other students to study where they want She also has become a role model for girls in the West Bank to pursue education
CNN  -- A study published Monday in the journal Pediatrics indicates about 1 percent of children ages 3 to 17 have autism or a related disorder , an increase over previous estimates . Children at the Marcus Autism Center in Atlanta , Georgia , receive instruction on March 5 , 2009 . "  This is a significant issue that needs immediate attention , " Dr. Ileana Arias , deputy director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . "  A concerted effort and substantial national response is warranted . " The study used data from the federal government 's 2007 national survey of children 's health . The survey of parents was conducted by the Health Resources and Services Administration , and by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The results are based on a national telephone survey of more than 78,000 parents of children ages 3 to 17 . iReport.com : How has autism affected your family ? In the study , parents were asked whether a health care provider had ever told them their child had an autism spectrum disorder . ASD is a group of brain disorders comprising autism and two less severe disorders : Asperger 's disorder and pervasive developmental disorder not otherwise specified . Children with the disorder show impairment in social interaction and in their ability to communicate . They often display repetitive behavior . Watch families discuss autism " The investigators also asked a follow-up question : Were the children considered to have ASD now ? Nearly 40 percent of the parents and guardians said no . That finding led the authors to question whether some of the children originally diagnosed as having ASD may have been improperly diagnosed , since the disorders are not considered curable . But Kogan said the two surveys can not be compared because the earlier investigators did not ask the follow-up question about whether the children were still considered to have the disorder . Still , based on the findings , lead author Dr. Michael D. Kogan of HRSA 's maternal and child health bureau estimated the prevalence of ASD among U.S. children ages 3 to 17 at 110 per 10,000 -- slightly more than 1 percent . Boys were four times as likely as girls to have ASD , and non-Hispanic black and multiracial children were less likely than non-Hispanic white children . He estimated that 673,000 children have ASD in the United States . Monday 's findings of nearly 1 in 100 appear to indicate an increase from the average of 1 in 150 that was reported in 2003 , the researchers said . The researchers urged caution in interpreting the change , noting that an increase in diagnoses does not necessarily mean that more children have the disorder . It could simply reflect a heightened awareness of the disorder . "  We do n't know whether the change in the number over time is a result of the change in the actual condition , in the actual number of conditions or in part due to the fact that the condition is being recognized differently , " Arias said . She said that preliminary results from a separate , CDC-funded study she is working on also indicate that about 1 percent of children in the United States are affected by ASD . That study is to be published later this year , she said . "  This is a behavioral diagnosis , and it 's difficult to make , and it 's difficult to make at young ages , " said Dr. Peter van Dyck , HRSA 's associate administrator for maternal and child health . Half of the cases were considered mild by their parents , the study reported . The results underscore the importance of creating policies that will result in early identification and intervention , the officials said . The reports raise "  a lot of questions about how we are preparing in terms of housing , employment , social support -- all the issues that many of these people are going to need , " said Dr. Tom Insel , director of the National Institute of Mental Health . "  It also raises questions about how well we 're prepared in the educational system to provide for the special needs of many of these kids . " Insel said the federal government is beefing up the resources it is mobilizing to address autism and related disorders , with $ 85 million being appropriated by the National Institutes of Health and $ 48 million for next year by the HRSA .	Study indicates about 1 % of children 3 to 17 have autism or related disorder Results based on national telephone survey of more than 78,000 parents CDC official : "  This is a significant issue that needs immediate attention " Researchers saying finding could reflect heightened awareness of disorder
CNN  -- He 's been out of competitive action for most of 2014 , but Tiger Woods will return to golf next week . Woods , who underwent back surgery to repair a pinched nerve in March , will play at his own Quicken Loans National event at the Congressional Country Club as he begins his preparations for the third major of the season -- the British Open . "  After a lot of therapy I have recovered well and will be supporting my foundation next week at the Quicken Loans National , " said Woods on his Facebook page . "  I 've just started to hit full shots but it 's time to take the next step . I will be a bit rusty but I want to play myself back into competitive shape . Excited for the challenge ahead . " Woods was forced to miss The Masters in April as well as the U.S. Open in June as the 14-time major champion recovered from surgery . The 38-year-old 's last major victory came at the 2008 U.S. Open . He has now missed six major championships through injury , his absence at Augusta the first time he 'd not been at the Masters since making his debut there as an amateur in 1995 . Stuck on 14 majors since 2008 , Woods has two more chances this season to close in on Jack Nicklaus ' record haul of 18 . Staged at Hoylake in north west England this year , the Open starts on 17 July . McIlroy misses cut Days after saying he would represent Ireland -- not Great Britain -- at the 2016 Olympics in Rio , Rory McIlroy failed to make the cut at the Irish Open . A poor first round of 3-over-par 74 immediately put McIlroy under pressure and even with a 2-under 69 Friday , he missed out on the weekend 's action . McIlroy -- the highest-ranked golfer in the field at No. 6 -- needed to hit an eagle on the final hole to make the cut but could only produce a birdie . "  It 's very frustrating , " McIlroy , who also missed the cut in 2013 , told the European Tour 's website . "  To make six birdies and an eagle and shoot just two under means there were a lot of mistakes and wasteful shots . "  I just need to tighten it all up and become a lot more consistent , make the bad shots a little bit better and not be as wasteful around the greens . If I can do that , I know my game is right there . I 've got a couple weeks off now to work on my game a little bit , play some links golf and get ready for the Scottish Open and the  British  Open . " Finland 's Mikko Ilonen leads by two shots .	Tiger Woods says he has recovered from back injury Woods will make his competitive return at the Quicken Loans National The 38-year-old Woods missed The Masters and the U.S. Open The third major of the season -- the British Open -- starts on July 17
CNN  -- The longest-running holiday special still has a very shiny nose . "  Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer " premiered on television December 6 , 1964 , and is now one of the holiday season 's perennial favorites . The story of the reindeer who saves Christmas is beloved among children and adults alike . The Rankin-Bass animated film production company used Japanese puppets and stop motion to tell the tale , bolstered by a soundtrack featuring Burl Ives ' rendition of the theme song . In the story , Santa 's reindeer Donner and his wife have a son , Rudolph , who has the distinction of a nose that glows . He runs away after being made to feel an outcast and links up with an elf who dreams of becoming a dentist and an adventurer seeking silver and gold . After ending up on the Island of Misfit Toys and wandering for a while , Rudolph goes on to save his loved ones from the Abominable Snow Monster and guides Santa through a blizzard that threatens to ruin Christmas . In 2006 , the New York Times reported that fans drove for miles to see the Rudolph and Santa Claus puppets at the Center for Puppetry Arts in Atlanta . The pair were thought to be the last of the surviving production puppets . They had been taken home by a production company employee and given to her children after filming was completed . "  In 2005 , the nephew of the original rescuer found the puppets in a family attic and brought them to be appraised on the PBS series ` Antiques Roadshow , ' " the Times said . "  Created for about $ 5,000 each in 1964 , they were valued at $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 for the pair . The family sold both figures to Kevin A. Kriess , the president of TimeandSpaceToys.com and a lifelong fan of the Rankin-Bass films . " The special has been shown every year since it premiered , which gives it a leg up over other beloved shows like "  A Charlie Brown Christmas " and "  Frosty the Snowman " and makes it the longest-running program of its type . And viewers still love it . One fan posted on social media , "  I love watching Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer ... and remember our tv that was like this growing up . Of course our picture was black and white . Lol . #rudolphrocks #thosewerethedays . "	The beloved ` Rudolph ' special turns 50 this year It 's the longest-running holiday special The story has become a fan favorite
CNN  Thirty years ago , a journey across Europe meant a passport full of stamps , a wallet full of different currencies and plenty of time spent waiting in line to be glared at by border officials . That all began to change in June 1985 , when the continent 's countries began signing up to the Schengen agreement -- a deal that lifted frontier controls between cooperating neighbors . Today , 20 years after it came into force , with more than 26 states now participating , Schengen has completely altered the experience of traversing Europe . Nowhere is this more visible than at the old crossing points -- places that were once hives of activity but are now ghostly , vacated shells of their former selves . Not entirely forgotten though . Spanish photographer Ignacio Evangelista spent several years criss-crossing the continent to capture these abandoned checkpoints on camera for a project he calls "  After Schengen . " The result is a fascinating gallery of images that charts the unusual architecture of places whose fate has been intertwined with Europe 's ever-evolving political and economic allegiances . "  I do n't know why but from many years ago , I feel very attracted to situations or places where the natural and the artificial come together , sometimes a little bit in conflict , " Evangelista tells CNN , explaining his interest in frontiers . He says he spent his formative years poring over the World Atlas , marveling at the straight-line borders carved by colonialists across the map of Africa and wondering why Europeans could n't iron the kinks out of their own squiggled frontiers . "  When you are a young child in front of a map you feel ... you have the whole world in front of you and you can travel with your mind of course , with your imagination , " he says . As a young adult in the early 1990s , Evangelista experienced many of these borders firsthand when he embarked on an Interailing trip -- a country-hopping rite of passage that sees many young Europeans take advantage of cheap pan-continental train tickets . "  Before , when I was young , if you traveled from Spain to Germany you had to cross three countries and take three currencies , " he recalls . "  Once I was traveling with my friend , Interailing ... from Italy to Greece , we had to cross the old Yugoslavia . "  I think into the night , 2 or 3 a.m. , we cross the border from Italy into Yugoslavia and the train stopped . We were sleeping , of course . Then three or four soldiers come into the train and shouted at everybody , very aggressively , like in a spy movie . "  We waited half an hour , then half an hour later the train went on . It was exciting , even funny as I was 18 years old , but now it 's not so funny . " As Evangelista points out , in a Europe cleaved by the Cold War , many borders were not just the cultural dividing lines they are today . Back then they were fortifications demarcating places of oppression and freedom . The checkpoints themselves were sometimes places of fear , of hostile bureaucracy -- a past Evangelista says lingers on in the buildings left behind . "  For me it 's fascinating because you can see the passage of the time , the human footprint . "  These places had a very strong coercive role , people had to stop the car and the policeman had to ask you who you are , you showed your passport , maybe you had to open your bags . The police had the power to not let you go on . "  It 's interesting to me , looking at these places now they are a little bit spooky , because at most of them you can feel this ghostly atmosphere . " The frontier buildings range in size and style , from giant Soviet declarations of authority that loom over major highways to tiny huts in deep , dark forests . Europe 's richer countries tend to maintain old posts , while less wealthier states seem content to let them deteriorate , Evangelista says . Some , he says , are gone completely , marked only on maps and located using GPS trackers or by talking to locals . A strong supporter for an open Europe at a time when some of the continent 's nations are talking about severing the close economic and political bonds they share with their neighbors , Evangelista recalls one encounter that underscored the human side to his project . While setting up his camera at a checkpoint on the Austria-Hungary frontier , he watched as a man drove in from the Austrian side and parked , followed by a woman , two minutes later , from the Hungarian side . "  They began to speak and they were kissing very much . After 10 minutes they went back their separate ways , and I thought , before the Schengen agreement , this couple had no future . " Follow Evangelista 's ongoing project at www.ignacioevangelista.com	Spanish photographer Ignacio Evangelista 's "  After Schengen " project captures images of abandoned European checkpoints Schengen agreement came into force 20 years ago , lifting border controls between participating European nations Border checkpoints range from giant Soviet statements to small huts in deep , dark forests
Editor 's Note : John Smoltz was a star pitcher for the Atlanta Braves and won the Cy Young Award as the National League 's best pitcher in 1996 . He is second all-time with 15 post-season wins and will be doing color commentary on TBS 's baseball playoff coverage that gets under way Wednesday . Baseball 's post-season starts Wednesday with six of the eight playoff teams facing off in best-of-five series . First up , the Texas Rangers travel to St. Petersburg to take on the Tampa Bay Rays . Later Wednesday , the defending National League champion Philadelphia Phillies host the Cincinnati Reds , and the defending World Series champion New York Yankees open a defense of their title against the Twins in Minnesota . The San Francisco Giants and Atlanta Braves open their National League Division series on Thursday . John Smoltz , who was an eight-time all-star and pitched in the major leagues for more than 20 years , spoke to CNN about what to watch when you tune in the games . CNN : Who are half-dozen or so players that even the casual baseball fan will enjoy watching in the playoffs ? John Smoltz : A couple of the young players come to mind . In the National League , we have Buster Posey , a rookie catcher handling a veteran pitching staff for the Giants . It will be interesting to see how he does . In that same series , Jason Heyward from the Braves , a young phenom , is in the playoffs in his first season . It does n't happen too often that two rookies are expected to lead their teams like Posey and Heyward are . For people who do n't know a lot about the Cincinnati Reds , Joey Votto is an exciting player who has put up incredibly great offensive numbers  .324 batting average , 37 home runs , 113 RBI  . It will be interesting to see how he fares against Philadelphia 's three-headed pitching monster  star pitchers Roy Halladay , Roy Oswalt and Cole Hamels  . Carl Crawford of Tampa Bay is an exciting player who is fun to watch . He can steal bases , hit for power and plays tremendous defense in the outfield . There 's going to be the question mark for the Yankees : Can Andy Pettitte return from his injury to dominance of the post-season where he 's won more games than any other pitcher ? -LSB- Smoltz is second . -RSB- And Minnesota has all kinds of great stories . Their starting pitcher in the first game , Francisco Liriano , was coming off an injury , and in spring training did n't even know if he 'd make the roster . And here -LSB- he -RSB- is starting game one . CNN : There were some blown calls by umpires last post-season . Will we see more use of replay ? Smoltz : There wo n't be any more replays being used -LSB- than last year -RSB- . Replay will only be used for home-run calls , fair or foul . My opinion is eventually we get to the point where at least in post-season , replay is used only when a run would be affected . So if there 's a runner on third , and on an infield chopper , a guy looks like he is safe but they call him out , I think that would be reviewable since a run -LSB- was -RSB- scored . A trapped ball with two outs and a man on third would be the same thing . Those are the kind of things that could really affect the outcome of a game and would be a reviewable component if a run crosses home plate . That 's why they do it for a home run , because a run is affected . CNN : Has the style of the game changed in recent years , either due to more stringent steroid testing or for other reasons ? Smoltz : The style of the game has drastically changed . It 's become a more specialized game , and what I mean by that is more pitchers are being used per game , which makes hitting that much more difficult because you 're facing specialist guys who can throw 90 to 96 miles per hour coming out of the bullpen . That has been a big component that has changed strategy . Starting pitchers do n't pitch as long anymore , and relief pitchers pitch to one , two or three batters at a time . I also think the confidence of the hitters has been impacted by the steroid stuff and has contributed to the lack of home runs . CNN : Does home field matter ? Smoltz : I would argue it always matters . I know statistics may show differently , but home field should matter . Imagine if in football you always got the ball last in the fourth quarter no matter what the score was . That would have an impact . In baseball , you bat last , which means there should be a strategic advantage , not to mention your home-team crowd should serve you well . The best-of-five series -LSB- the round one format -RSB- is more of a coin flip . The first game of a best-of-five means a lot more than a game one in best-of-seven -LSB- The format for the league championship and World Series -RSB- . There is more time to recover in a best-of-seven than a best-of-five . The pressure in best-of-five reduces the chances of -LSB- the -RSB- best team winning . CNN : Which manager can most directly impact the game and steal a win for his team ? Smoltz : Bobby Cox of the Braves has done his greatest managing job of his career . Just getting there has been an incredible testament to his patience and will and ability to put his team in position . Joe Maddon of the Rays has uncanny and well-thought-out theories that he applies and has his team do . ... Without knowing a whole lot , I 'd give the nod to Joe Maddon . CNN : What would surprise you most this post-season ? Smoltz : The Atlanta Braves winning their series against the Giants , just because they ran out of gas and have sustained too many injuries . That and Cincinnati knocking off Philadelphia , who is heavily favored . CNN : What 's your prediction on who wins the World Series ? Smoltz : Philadelphia beats Tampa Bay in a close series .	John Smoltz says to keep eye on young players leading their teams in baseball playoffs He says there should be more use of replay to correct umpires ' calls Smoltz says the Braves and Reds winning their series would be the biggest surprise to him
CNN  -- Authorities in southern California said the strong smell of marijuana helped them discover $ 45 million worth of drugs in the back of a tractor-trailer they had pulled over for a traffic violation . Deputies stopped the truck Wednesday morning , then opened the trailer after finding problems with the paperwork for the load , the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Office said Friday . An "  overwhelming odor " led investigators to about 20 tons of narcotics stashed in pallets in the back of the truck , including about 38,000 pounds of marijuana , 2,700 pounds of cocaine and 67 pounds of methamphetamine , the sheriff 's office said in a statement . Sheriff Rod Hoops said Friday night the seizure was one of the largest in the county 's history . The truck 's driver , Fernando Luevano , 32 , was arrested and charged with possession , transportation and sale of narcotics , authorities said .	"  Overwhelming odor " in tractor-trailer leads to major drug bust , authorities say Authorities find $ 45 million worth of drugs in vehicle Seizure was one of largest in history of San Bernadino County , California
CNN  -- Polaroid Corp. announced it was filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . The Minnesota-based company said it is taking itself and its subsidiaries into bankruptcy in order to restructure its finances . "  Our operations are strong and during this process Polaroid will ship products to our retail partners , work with our suppliers and contract manufacturers to fulfill retailer demand ... " said Mary L. Jeffries , Polaroid chief executive officer . "  We expect to continue our operations as normal during the reorganization and are planning for new product launches in 2009 , " she said , adding that employees should receive their paychecks without interruption . The bankruptcy filing was necessary because of an investigation of its parent company , Petters Group Worldwide , which has owned Polaroid since 2005 , the Polaroid statement said . The group 's founder and other employees are under investigation for fraud . Polaroid said the investigation does not involve its leadership team .	"  Our operations are strong , " Polaroid CEO says ; company will "  fulfill retailer demand " Polaroid : Bankruptcy filing necessary because of investigation of parent Petters Bankruptcy will allow restructuring of finances , company says iReport.com : Share your favorite Polaroid pictures
New Britain , Connecticut  CNN  The predicament Matthew Yussman found himself in -- pulled from his home by masked men , a dud bomb strapped around him , and ordered to clean out the bank where he worked -- is the stuff of movies . But this whodunit began Monday in a quiet cul-de-sac in Bristol , Connecticut . And two days later , police say they are still searching for the two men who forced their way into Yussman 's home and ordered him to carry out the heist . It was still dark , when Yussman pulled into his driveway , he told police . As he tried to go inside , the men forced their way in with him . His mother was inside . The men , who Yussman said wore dark clothes , ski masks and goggles , tied the two of them up and affixed "  explosives " to them , Yussman told police . When the men spoke , their accents made them sound like they were n't from the area . The men gave Yussman an order . He was to drive to the Achieve Financial Credit Union , where he worked as chief financial officer , clean out the vault and return home with the cash , Yussman told authorities . As he drove , Yussman did n't call 911 , but instead another bank executive . The executive called 911 , The Bristol Press reported . The credit union evacuated ; police rushed in , and Yussman never made it inside . Officers took no chances and had schools in two towns locked down . They also shut down a main highway for three hours . "  It was a very scary day , " Mayor Stewart said . Police called in a bomb squad to free Yussman from the device , while he sat in his car . They said the object strapped to him was harmless , The Bristol Press reported . Yussman was led to an ambulance in handcuffs and was checked over at a hospital . When Yussman told police his home had been invaded , they cordoned off the area around his house . But then his mother came walking out on her own . She had freed herself , she told police , who found no sign of explosives in the home , The Bristol Press reported . Police also said that the suspects in Yussman 's account drove a white 4-door automobile . A neighbor told The Bristol Press that he had seen a strange vehicle outside Yussman 's house on Monday . But he declined to give more detail , as the FBI has asked him not to discuss the case . The plot surrounding Yussman is reminiscent of that of pizza delivery man Brian Wells in 2003 . Wells walked into a bank with a jerry-rigged bomb around his neck , saying if the bank did n't hand over money , the people behind the scheme would detonate the bomb and kill him . Wells died , when the bomb exploded on live TV . But investigators later determined that Wells himself was in on the scheme . Wells ' family still insists he was an innocent victim . CNN 's Julia Talanova and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	Police found Matthew Yussman in his employer 's parking lot with a dud bomb strapped to him He told them masked men invaded his home and put it on him with instructions to rob the credit union
CNN  -- What 's an atheist scientist like me doing writing good things about religion ? I did n't start out this way . As a teenager , I had contempt for religion . I was raised Jewish , but when I read the Bible , I was shocked . It hardly seemed to me like a good guide for ethical behavior in modern times , what with all the smiting and stoning and genocide , some of it ordered by God . In college , I read other holy books , and they did n't make me any more positive toward religion . In my 20s , I obtained a Ph.D. in social psychology and began to study morality . I ignored religion in my studies . We do n't need religion to be ethical , I thought . And yet , in almost every human society , religion has been intimately tied to ethics . Was that just a coincidence ? Watch Jonathan Haidt 's TED Talk In my 30s , I began to study the emotion of "  moral elevation . " That 's the warm , fuzzy feeling you get when you see acts of moral beauty . When you see someone do something kind , loyal , or heroic , you feel uplifted . You can feel yourself becoming a better person -- at least for a few minutes . Everyone who has watched an episode of Oprah knows the feeling , but there was absolutely no scientific research on this emotion . Studying moral elevation led me to study feelings of awe more generally , and before I knew it , I was trying to understand a whole class of positive emotions in which people feel as though they have somehow escaped from or "  transcended " their normal , everyday , often petty self . TED.com : Jonathan Haidt on the moral roots of liberals and conservatives I was beginning to see connections between experiences as varied as falling in love , watching a sunset from a hilltop , singing in a church choir , and reading about a virtuous person . In all cases there 's a change to the self -- a kind of opening to our higher , nobler possibilities . As I tried to make sense of the psychology of these "  self-transcendent emotions , " I began to realize that religions are often quite skilled at producing such feelings . Some use meditation , some use repetitive bowing or circling , some have people sing uplifting songs in unison . Some religions build awe-inspiring buildings ; most tell morally elevating stories . Some traditional shamanic rites even use natural drugs . But every known religion has some sort of rite or procedure for taking people out of their ordinary lives and opening them up to something larger than themselves . It was almost as if there was an "  off " switch for the self , buried deep in our minds , and the world 's religions were a thousand different ways of pressing the switch . TED.com : Robert Wright on optimism In my TED talk , I wanted to illustrate some of these experiences visually . Many scientists who write disparagingly about religion focus on the conscious , explicit beliefs in God and the supernatural . I wanted to shift attention away from that aspect of religion onto the more emotional and social aspects . Whether or not you believe in God , religions accomplish something miraculous : They turn large numbers of people who are not kin into a group that is able to work together , trust each other , and help each other . They are living embodiments of e pluribus unum  From many , one  . No other species on the planet has ever accomplished that . Bees and ants are great at it , but they can only do it because they are all sisters . And this brings us to the most contentious question in the scientific study of religion : Is religiosity -- including our tendency to believe in supernatural entities as well as our ability to lose ourselves in religious rites -- an adaptation ? Did we evolve to be religious ? TED.com : Billy Collins on everyday moments Some biologists , such as Richard Dawkins  author of "  The God Delusion "  , argue that we did not . They say that religions are cultural inventions which are costly and destructive for individual believers . They say that religions only persist and spread because they get into our minds the way that a virus gets into our bodies . Once someone believes that he 'll be rewarded for recruiting converts and punished forever in hell for leaving the church , he tends to do things that help the church , even if they hurt him . But I find another perspective much more compelling : Our minds evolved to be religious in tandem with our cultures . Cultures evolve in ways that are somewhat analogous to organisms : as long as groups are competing with each other , then features that foster survival and growth tend to spread ; features that are self-destructive become less frequent . What atheists can learn from religion Cultural groups that found effective ways to bind non-kin together out-competed groups that were less cohesive . This is a view put forward originally by Charles Darwin , but revived in modern times by the biologists David Sloan Wilson , at Bimghamton University , and Edward O. Wilson , at Harvard . This is a view called "  group selection , " because it argues that our genes came down to us today not just because some individuals were more fit than their neighbors , but because some groups were more fit  more cohesive and cooperative  than their neighboring groups . I 've spent my whole career trying to figure out what morality is and how human beings came to be moral creatures . Religion , I believe , is an essential piece of the puzzle . I 'm still an atheist , but nowadays I 'm one who finds a lot to admire in religion and in religious communities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Haidt .	Jonathan Haidt : Religion , like love and ethical action , offers a way to transcend the self He says whether you believe or not , religion accomplishes the miracle of group inspiration Haidt says religion 's ability to move people makes it an evolutionary advantage for groups He says our minds evolved to be more religious in tandem with our cultures
CNN  -- In the seven years since its founding , Twitter has become a go-to place for news updates , witty one-liners , political one-upmanship and even absurdist storytelling . It 's also become a go-to place for intolerant bile . On Sunday night , Nina Davuluri , an American of Indian ancestry , was named Miss America . Immediately , the Twitterverse started spewing . "  This is Miss America ... not Miss Foreign Country , " said @MeredithRoanell . "  Congratulations Al-Qaeda . Our Miss America is one of you , " posted @Blayne_MkItRain . What is it about Twitter ? Whether the events are earthshaking or trivial , the site of more than a half-billion accounts has something to say -- and often , it 's upset . Ben Affleck is named the new Batman ; the anger flows . George Zimmerman is acquitted ; people fly off the handle . Comments on sports , TV shows , politics , news media -- when there 's something negative to be said , it will be said  occasionally with poor spelling and IN ALL CAPS  on Twitter . As Stephen Colbert summarized the Miss America outcry on "  The Colbert Report , " "  And Twitter , as usual , could not be happy . " David Reiss , a San Diego-based psychiatrist who specializes in personality dynamics , observes that Twitter 's impulsiveness can get the best of people . "  It 's very easy to jot something off and hit send , and you can impulsively say something without thinking it through , " he says , noting that it 's the reverse of the classic angry letter you write and then put in a drawer until you cool off . "  With Twitter , you do n't need to  do that  . And if there is feedback or push back , you do n't necessarily even see it . " As of Friday afternoon , Twitter had not responded to a request from CNN for comment . ` Anger is more influential ' Such anger is n't just limited to Twitter , of course . You can find it on other social media platforms , news site comment boards -- including on CNN.com -- and pretty much all over the Internet . YouTube , for example , also has been known for attracting mean-spirited comments . Still , Twitter is an easy target . Besides the impulsiveness Reiss mentions , there 's a typical litany of virtual-world reasons for Twitter 's vitriol : anonymity , a perceived lack of consequences , a troll-ish desire to stir the pot . But perhaps the most intriguing was revealed in a study published recently by Beihang University researchers . By analyzing posts on Weibo , a Chinese version of Twitter , they determined that anger is the most powerful online emotion . Of the four basic emotions into which they classified tweets , sadness and disgust barely travel . Joy does better . But anger , like a potent virus , spreads the fastest and most widely of all . "  Our results show that anger is more influential than other emotions like joy , which indicates that the angry tweets can spread quickly and broadly in the network , " the researchers wrote . 23 key moments from Twitter history The idea of Twitter anger is so prominent that Monica Stephens , a geography professor at Humboldt State University in California , put together a map titled "  The Geography of Hate . " The project was inspired , in part , by racial slurs on Twitter after President Obama 's re-election . The map highlights sections of the country that engage in certain hate speech based on keywords , aggregated by county and adjusted for population . The results have favored rural areas , which Stephens attributes to insularity and fear of outsiders . Indeed , a more accurate title for the map would be "  the geography of xenophobia , " she says . The map certainly hit home with certain parts of the country , Stephens says . "  So many people lashed out in anger towards me after seeing it , " she says . "  I have hundreds of really angry e-mails that start with the term ` racist bitch . ' " Anonymity and distance This is n't the sort of thing that tends to happen as widely on Facebook or other social media sites . There are a couple reasons for that , says Tammy Vigil , a professor at Boston University 's School of Communication . One is that Facebook is largely a closed system in which you mainly communicate with people you know -- unlike Twitter , where a tweet goes out to the whole world . Moreover , Facebook friends can react more directly to vitriolic posts , either by calling the poster out or simply unfriending him or her , she says . In May , the site strengthened policies to stamp out hate speech . "  With Facebook , there 's more accountability , " says Vigil . "  Most people 's Facebook accounts have multiple pictures of them , they 've got connections to ` these are my friends . ' There 's a lot less of the anonymity , so there 's a little less of the disinhibition that occurs . " Twitter also creates more distance , adds Lesley Withers , a communications professor at Central Michigan University . "  It 's asynchronous -- you 're not chatting real-time with another person -- so there 's less of a sense that the other people out there are real , " she says . A phone call or even some kinds of online dialogue establishes a connection that you 're dealing with actual human beings . But on Twitter , that connection is n't there , so "  that allows us to go off in ways that we would n't choose to do if we had to look at another person 's face when we did it . " Consequences ? Twitter 's brief screeds seldom have consequences , though that may be changing . The site recently created a "  report abuse " button and the media -- which is often to blame for highlighting anger -- is paying more attention to bullying on the site . But the idea of consequences is hard for Twitter users to understand , observes Withers . "  I think people do n't think about the long-term ramifications , " she says . "  When I talk with students about how they use social media and say that a lot of employers will look to see what kinds of things you 're posting on Facebook or Twitter , I 'm surprised by the number of people who say , ` Any employer that would stalk me that way online , I would n't want to work for them anyway . ' " There are signs that a growing number of Twitter users do n't like the venom in their midst . After the nastiness with Miss America , a number of people responded with positive tweets congratulating her . Some even reprimanded the angry tweeters -- and received apologies . "  I am so sorry . I did n't think before I tweeted what I did . I absolutely did not mean to hurt or offend anyone . Again I am SO very sorry !!! " tweeted @JAyres15 . Withers points out that the system has much to overcome . "  People use Twitter to get reactions out of others , " she says . "  It 's like a popularity contest : If you can put something out there that 's quick and inflammatory and it gets retweeted a ton , that 's your feedback -- that 's how you know that it was an interesting or effective tweet . And people do n't seem to be as concerned if the response is positive or negative . " And what works ? Let 's all scream it at the top of our lungs : Anger . "  Anger is an empowering emotion . You can post something angry and it can make other people feel something . It allows us an opportunity to be dramatic , " says Withers . "  And a lot of people really like drama . "	The crowning of Miss America on Sunday led to angry , often bigoted tweets Twitter has become a go-to place for online anger Many reasons : It 's fast , brief , requires little thought -- and anger is powerful Such behavior is less common on Facebook , where people interact mostly with friends
