CNN  -- Japan 's parliament elected Yoshihiko Noda as the country 's new prime minister Tuesday , making him the country 's sixth new leader in five years . Noda won 308 out of 476 possible votes . The prime minister-elect will officially take over his new post after a ceremonial endorsement by Japan 's emperor , which is expected to happen Wednesday . Ahead of the vote , former Prime Minister Naoto Kan officially submitted his resignation , as did his Cabinet , clearing the way for Noda 's election . The Democratic Party of Japan , the country 's ruling party , picked Noda as its new leader on Monday . He served as finance minister in Kan 's cabinet . In his first speech as party leader , Noda called for party unity to tackle Japan 's massive problems . "  Running Japan 's government is like pushing a giant snowball up a snowy , slippery hill , " he said Sunday . "  In times like this , we ca n't say , ' I do n't like this person , ' or ' I do n't like that person . ' The snowball will slide down . " On Friday , Prime Minister Kan announced that he would resign . His approval rating had tumbled following the devastating March earthquake and tsunami that triggered the worst nuclear crisis since Chernobyl as reactor cores overheated and spewed radioactive material into surrounding areas . An observer of Japan 's revolving door of prime ministers said the country 's political problems are weighing down one of the world 's largest economies . Japanese politicians lack spine and public support , said Keith Henry of the Tokyo-based Asia Strategy , a government policy consulting firm . "  They 've got to turn the ship around 180 degrees , " Henry said . "  Until they see an iceberg , they 're not going to do it . " Japan is facing a massive reconstruction program in the region devastated by the tsunami , an ongoing nuclear energy crisis and unaddressed problems in the economy . Noda , a fiscal conservative , has pledged to raise taxes and would like to privatize state assets . Last week , the credit rating agency Moody 's downgraded Japan to an Aa3 rating from Aa2 , blaming the country 's huge deficit and frequent changes in administration that have prevented the government from implementing long-term economic policies . The CIA World Factbook puts the government debt at more than 200 % of the GDP . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	NEW : Yoshihiko Noda comes to power after serving as finance minister NEW : Noda officials becomes prime minister after endorsement by the emperor In his first speech as party leader , Noda calls for unity Japan 's political problems are weighing down its economy , an analyst says
One of New York City 's most exclusive restaurants is in a real pickle after being served a "  C " grade by the New York City Department of Health . The restaurant , Per Se , was slammed by health inspectors after racking up 42 violation points during its inspection on February 19 , city health department records showed . Per Se , one of only seven in New York City to earn three Michelin stars , previously had an "  A " rating before the inspection . Violations listed in the latest health inspection included no hand-washing facility or soap in the food-prep area , hot and cold items held in improper temperatures , and eating or drinking in the food-prep area and tobacco use , all of which qualify as "  critical " violations , according to the records . In its last inspection in June 2013 , Per Se had only one violation worth 7 points , but previous inspections in 2013 and 2011 also fell into the 40-point range . Inspectors give an "  A " for 0 to 13 points , "  B " for 14 to 27 points and "  C " for 28 or more , according to the health department 's website . In a statement , Per Se 's chef , Thomas Keller , said : "  We look forward to the opportunity to address the allegations with the Department of Health in the upcoming Oath Tribunal . At that time our final grade will be determined . As with all of our restaurants , we continue to maintain the highest standards at Per Se . " The restaurant will have a chance to argue the inspection at a hearing but must post a sign that reads "  Grade Pending " until then . Keller oversaw the cuisine Sunday night at the Vanity Fair Oscar party , where guests enjoyed chicken pot pie and truffle lasagna , according to a menu that Keller tweeted . Per Se is considered the East Coast interpretation of Keller 's French Laundry restaurant in Northern California . For those interested in putting their money where their mouth is , the eatery offers a nine-course tasting menu for $ 310 per person . Opinion : The dirty truth behind New York 's restaurant grading system	Per Se , one of New York 's most exclusive restaurants , gets a "  C " grade Violations included no hand-washing facility or soap in food prep area Per Se will have a chance to argue the inspection at a hearing
CNN  -- What was supposed to be a straightforward cash deal to carry a child for desperate parents has turned into an international spat over who said what , and exposed the darker side of a business credited with creating happiness for many couples . At the center of the debate is Gammy , a seven-month-old Down Syndrome baby with a congenital heart condition who is currently receiving treatment for a lung infection at a private hospital in Thailand . For days , Gammy 's surrogate mother , 21-year-old Thai food stall worker Pattharamon Chanbua , has been telling local and foreign press that the couple abandoned their son , taking home his healthy sister . After initially denying they knew about baby Gammy , a friend of the couple issued a statement to a local Australian newspaper saying the pair only left Gammy because they were told he was likely to die . "  Gammy was very sick when he was born and the biological parents were told he would not survive and he had a day , at best , to live and to say goodbye , " the unnamed friend told the Bunbury Mail , in Western Australia , where the couple live . Fear and lies The friend said the surrogate mother gave birth at a different hospital to the one agreed upon , which made the surrogacy agreement void . The couple was scared , she said , that Pattharamon would change her mind about the second child , and they 'd have to leave Thailand with no children at all . According to the report , the friend noted that the backdrop to the surrogacy row was a military coup in the country and "  it was very difficult to get around . " The takeover took place in the early hours of May 22 , 2014 when Commander of the Royal Thai Army General Prayuth Chan-chua announced in a national broadcast he was now in charge . "  This has been absolutely devastating for them , they are on the edge , " the friend added , referring to the days of media scrutiny and debate over their decision , months after they returned home . Pattharamon claimed the couple asked her to terminate the Down Syndrome child when she was seven months pregnant . Not true , the couple 's friend said . After the babies ' birth , Pattharamon claimed they bought nappies and milk for the baby girl , but "  did n't even look at the boy . " Also a lie , the friend added . Whatever the details of who said what , the case has attracted attention to a largely unregulated industry subject to a confusing tangle of laws and loopholes . Surrogate ` is legal parent ' In the state of Western Australia , where the couple is from , it 's legal to seek surrogacy abroad . There are no checks for criminal history , and no counseling is required for couples seeking offshore surrogacy , said Jenni Millbank , an expert in Australian surrogacy law from the University of Technology in Sydney . "  If surrogacy were taken onshore there would be counseling protocols prior to conception , as well as a welfare report after birth required before legal parentage is transferred ; but these are not steps that occur with offshore surrogacy , " said Millbank . She said the surrogate mother is the legal parent regardless of whose egg was used . The rights of the genetic father are also "  uncertain " as "  different judges have taken varied approaches , " she said . Australian authorities are looking into the case , as are Thai authorities , who had already announced a crackdown on the industry amid claims rules were being flouted . Pattharamon said she agreed to be paid 300,000 baht  $ 9,300  for carrying the couple 's babies , money she needed to help care for her own two children , aged six and three . After she voiced concerns about how she was going to pay for Gammy 's care , funds started flowing to an online campaign , which to date has raised more than $ 237,000  US$ 220,000  . Could baby girl be returned ? Pattharamon said she 's prepared to take the baby girl back if the Australian couple is are "  not ready " to take care of her . She said she does n't intend to pursue legal action against the parents , though Millbank says she could apply to the Family Court of Australia to have the child returned . "  The Family Court of Australia has jurisdiction over anyone who has an interest in the care , welfare and a development of a child so  the intending parents  could still make their case and argue for the baby to live with them , " Millbank said . "  The court would examine the competitive proposals of the parties , probably appoint an independent children 's lawyer and do a welfare assessment of the child 's needs and then make a decision . " The Australian courts have only ever heard one case involving a child born via surrogacy , Millbank said . It involved a child called "  Evelyn " whose birth was the result of an agreement between friends that went wrong . "  That was in the 1980s and they ended up removing the child from the family that had been raising her and taking her to the other family , " Millbank said . "  It was an altruistic arrangement where the birth mother changed her mind about seven months later . And she ultimately won . She got the child back . "	Australian couple say they were told male twin , Gammy , would die Boy is now seven months old and in the care of his Thai surrogate mother Couple said they were scared the surrogate would change her mind about the girl Surrogate accused couple of abandoning Down Syndrome boy in favor of healthy sister
CNN  -- By the end of last week , congressional Democrats and a few moderate Republicans succeeded in requiring most employers to include contraception as part of health insurance coverage , in spite of deep opposition from the GOP majority . Across the Potomac in Virginia , Democrats and , again , a few Republican moderates were able to soften or kill GOP bills that would have put into place humiliating obstacles to abortion . These are good things . Thousands of ordinary women across the country have been writing letters , sending e-mails , leaving phone messages , and buttonholing state and national lawmakers in support of cheaper contraceptive methods and greater access to abortion . Though they did n't get everything they want , many are , I suspect , thankful for the partial victories so far . But I have to ask -- where in these recent debates are the voices of ordinary men ? Why are n't we hearing publicly even now from husbands who are not ready to have children they would have to support ? Or from boyfriends who do not have the means to support a child ? Why do n't we hear more from fathers who are working two jobs so that their daughters can attend college and , if they wish , start on a career unencumbered by child-raising responsibilities ? Other than female-friendly lawmakers and a handful of TV news/comedians , older men have been curiously slow to publicly support women 's reproductive freedom . Do they really want their sons and daughters to have to take a second or third job in order to pay the costs of raising an unplanned child , or have to decide whether to risk an abortion ? The truth is , many men of the baby boom generation would prefer not to talk about pregnancy . Fetuses are not exactly what they chat about with the mechanic who 's fixing their car . For baby boomer women , on the other hand , the ability to control when or if you have a baby is nothing short of a miracle . We remember , as if it were yesterday , when the pill became available and the diaphragm was improved . We happily took charge of preventing pregnancy or resolving an unplanned pregnancy . And as a friend of mine remembers , it never occurred to us to talk to the men in our lives about contraception . As I 've gotten older , I 've realized there were consequences of not including male partners early in such discussions . At my college reunion a couple of years ago , a former male classmate confessed privately that when we were students , his girlfriend , also a student , had gotten pregnant twice . Both times , she had traveled hundreds of miles to New York , at that time one of a few states where abortion was legal . "  Were n't either of you using birth control ? " I asked him . He muttered something that sounded like "  No , " his eyes staring at some point over my shoulder . Had he accompanied her to Manhattan ? He looked surprised by the question , and then shook his head . He had the good sense not to appear cavalier about it all . But it was clear that he had never thought of birth control or abortion as a guy thing . I suspect his girlfriend had n't either . Could such cluelessness or discomfort help explain -- though by no means exonerate -- the silence of men of a certain age when male lawmakers introduce downright abusive bills relating to female reproduction ? I strongly suspect that conservative lawmakers will continue to attempt to control a conversation that many of us thought had been settled , and they have the money and party support to get re-elected . When I read how Texas and other states are passing bills that , in the words of columnist Nicholas Kristof , "  are treating women in ways that are patronizing and humiliating , " I despair . Then I remember that many of these legislators are part of a generation that is moving off the stage of public life . I have hope that the generation that succeeds them will be different . Men in their 20s and early 30s had more sex education in school than their fathers did , often in coed classes . They are more involved in sexual decision-making with their partners than previous generations . Polls show that the majority of them , like the majority of young women , support contraception and legalized abortion . I recently talked to one woman in her early 20s who said her boyfriend keeps up with advances in birth control as much as she does . Their decision about which method to use is always made together , she said . Another young woman said she and her partner debated methods for more than a year , sometimes heatedly . They recently married , and she is happily pregnant . A young man told me that in the beginning of his current relationship , he and his girlfriend split the cost of her birth control pills . When he cut back on his hours at work in order to start graduate school , his girlfriend picked up his share because she was earning more money than he was . Once he 's earning more money again , he 'll resume paying part of the tab . It 's only fair , he said , adding , "  Women may have to give up a little control , but men can share the burden . " Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laura Sessions Stepp .	Laura Stepp : As lawmakers try to restrict birth control , little is heard from men who support it Stepp says thousands of women have protested plans , but men are n't coming forward Stepp asks : Where in this debate are the husbands and boyfriends not ready for kids ? Baby boom men were clueless about birth control , Stepp says , but younger men are involved
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The Rev. Sun Myung Moon , the controversial founder and "  messiah " of the Unification Church , was laid to rest Saturday in an elaborate ceremony attended by tens of thousands . The 92-year-old religious icon , who claimed that Jesus Christ had asked him to finish his work on earth , died on September 3 after pneumonia complications . The Unification Church believes that Jesus was divine , but that he is not God , a stance that puts it outside the bounds of traditional Christianity . The church follows Moon as its messiah . Over a dozen pallbearers donning white military-style uniforms with gold details and white caps carried his red casket to the sound of classical music through the church in a slow , unison stride . The men marched Moon 's body up red carpeted stairs , through landscaped flowing flower arrangements to an elevated altar , where they set down the coffin beneath a larger-than-life painting of the reverend . They saluted him before exiting the stage . The pallbearers were church members , who had no military affiliation , and acquired their uniforms for the ceremony , a church spokesman said . About 35,000 followers and dignitaries attended the funeral in Gapyeong , South Korea , the church said . The ascension observance -- or "  Seonghwa " - is the normal term for a funeral in the Unification Church , the spokesman said . The funeral featured video highlights of Moon 's lifetime achievements . His seventh and youngest son , Rev. Hyung Jin Moon , who is also his successor , fought back tears as he held the eulogy . "  We have gathered here today to send off in holy ascension the messiah that God has sent to this world to save corrupt humanity , " Moon 's son said . The ceremony marked the end of nearly two weeks of mourning , in which over 200,000 visitors attended wakes at shrines set up by the church across the country , according to a Unification Church news release . Opinion : Moon 's death marks end of an era Moon 's "  holy body " was taken after the ceremony for interment to Mount Cheonseong , the church 's "  holy land . " Media had no access to the burial . Moon had been a high-profile international evangelist for decades . He said Jesus Christ came to him in the 1930s and "  told him to finish  Jesus '  mission , " according to James Beverley , a professor at the Tyndale University College and Seminary in Toronto . His church officially started in the 1950s , with missionaries being dispatched around the world by the end of that decade . His was one of several religious movements that emerged after World War II and the Korean War in South Korea and Japan , drawing from "  a tremendous pool of people ... looking for answers as to why the world had turned  against them  , " said Virginia Commonwealth University professor David Bromley . Moon was imprisoned in North Korea during the Korean War before being freed by the allies , an experience that turned him "  virulently anti-communist , " according to Eileen Barker , a professor at the London School of Economics and Political Science . Globally , the church 's reach may have peaked in the 1970s and early 1980s , as hundreds of thousands joined the singular religious movement , Beverley said . Critics have said the controversial Moon led a cult , whose followers were colloquially known as Moonies . In his role as church leader , Moon became famous for conducting mass weddings , including one in 1982 at New York City 's Madison Square Garden and one in 1995 in South Korea uniting 360,000 couples . He also gained influence in other ways as well -- growing a massive , diverse business empire that included holdings in industries such as chemicals , arms manufacturing , mining and pharmaceuticals . Moon helped create news publications , including The Washington Times , as well as universities , religious institutions and other groups . Some such organizations that Moon founded stress interfaith dialogue and peace , like the Universal Peace Federation , which advocates "  building a world of peace in which everyone can live in freedom , harmony , cooperation and prosperity . " But Moon also fell afoul of the law , serving a federal prison term in the United States for tax evasion . From 2003 to 2005 , Britain 's government also prohibited him from traveling to that country , according to a U.S. State Department report . A video from 2004 , posted on the website of what was then known as the Interreligious and International Federation for World Peace , showed a ceremony taking place in a U.S. Senate office building . During the ceremony , Moon declares himself the messiah and says he 'd spoken to the spirits of Nazi leader Adolf Hitler and Soviet leader Joseph Stalin , both of whom he said found strength in his teachings and mended their ways . Moon was traditionally a strong supporter of Republican politicians , including Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan , Barker said . See more religion news on CNN 's Belief Blog TIME : The life and times of Reverend Moon CNN 's J.L. Kwon reported from Seoul , South Korea , and CNN 's Ben Brumfield reported from Atlanta	The ceremony took place near Seoul , South Korea Moon 's seventh and youngest son delivered the main address Moon , 92 , died on September 3 after pneumonia complications The Unification Church does not recognize Jesus Christ as God and follows Moon as its messiah
CNN  -- Lower your expectations enough and any roadside attraction is a good excuse to stretch your legs , lose a couple bucks , and see a genuine slice of Americana you 'll likely never visit again . But some of these destinations have become kitsch institutions . You might even make a trip just to see them . Or at least you wo n't regret adding the extra time to your journey . Blood Falls and other natural oddities Salvation Mountain Niland , California Some people use churches , sidewalks or subway cars . Leonard Knight chose to build a 50-foot technicolor adobe mountain in the desert of Southern California in order to spread his message that "  God is Love . " Knight passed away on Monday at age 82 , according to the Los Angeles Times . For nearly three decades , Knight built the mountain out of adobe and hay , and he painted it with swerving colors and messages , with the hope of sharing that simple message in a big way . And he 's succeeded . At least 50 people visit this giant example of outsider art each day . Knight used to greet visitors until he was hospitalized in 2011 . A group of volunteers now maintain the site . Paint donations are always welcome . www.salvationmountain.us Prada Marfa Valentine , Texas You 've seen the pictures on BeyoncÃ © 's Tumblr and your trendy Austin friend 's Instagram . No , it 's not a Prada store . It 's not even in Marfa . The "  store " is actually an art installation about a half-hour drive northwest of the small west Texas town that has become a pilgrimage destination for artists and hipsterati . The $ 80,000 sculpture was created by Elmgreen & Dragset in 2005 . The art duo of Michael Elmgreen and Ingar Dragset wanted to leave it alone forever so that it could decompose into the high desert surroundings , providing a commentary on materialism . But when vandals broke in and stole all the shoes three days after it was finished , the artists decided to make repairs and add video cameras . Do n't worry -- you can still be as ridiculous as you want when you hold your photo shoot . US 90 ; Valentine , Texas Ruby Falls Chattanooga , Tennessee While we 've come to fear sinkholes , Ruby Falls is proof that they 're not all bad .  Although we sure would n't have wanted to be walking over Tennessee 's Lookout Mountain around 30 million years ago . Located 1,120 feet underground , this 145-foot waterfall -- one of the largest publicly accessible underground waterfalls -- was caused by this natural phenomenon . Stalactites , stalagmites and other cave formations are also explained on the guided cave tours . Tickets are $ 17.95 for adults , $ 9.95 for kids ages 3 to 12 . 1720 South Scenic Highway , Chattanooga , TN ; 423 821-2544 . www.rubyfalls.com Biosphere 2 Oracle , Arizona What , you did n't know that earth is Biosphere 1 ? Well , that 's what the developers of this gargantuan lab , known as Biosphere 2 , in Oracle , Arizona , consider it . Oil millionaire John P. Allen funded the project hoping it would help us better understand how to colonize Mars . The 3-acre glass temple included a rainforest , ocean , corral reef , wetland and fog desert . Seven scientists entered the bizarre ecosystem melting pot in 1991 for the first mission . For two years they ran experiments on how to sustain life in a contained environment and when they left two years later , the $ 151 million project was largely considered a failure . The team had extreme difficulty keeping themselves or the environment healthy . The University of Arizona took over the property in 2011 and uses it for experiments and classes , and provides daily tours from 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. . Admission for adults is $ 20 ; $ 13 for children ages 6 to 12 . 32540 S Biosphere Road , Oracle , AZ ; 520 838-6192 . b2science.org Winchester Mystery House San Jose , California No one is quite sure why Sarah Winchester wanted the construction of her sprawling Victorian mansion to go on as long as she lived . The most exciting theory is that she believed she was haunted by those killed by her husband 's invention , the Winchester rifle , aka the gun that won the West . Apparently she thought she would keep these spirits away if she moved to California and never stopped building . Men worked around the clock until her death in September 1922 , 38 years after breaking ground . The result is an M.C. Escher painting come to life -- stairs lead to nowhere , doors open to reveal walls . If ghosts did make it to her house , they would probably get lost on the way to her room . 525 S. Winchester Blvd , San Jose , California ; 408 247-2101 ; www.winchestermysteryhouse.com Wall Drug Wall , South Dakota What does it take to become the country 's most famous remote roadside store ? Free water . Ted Hustead 's wife Dorothy came up with the idea in 1936 , five difficult years after he bought the store : Put up signs offering ice cold water to the hot drivers on their way to Mount Rushmore . It did n't matter that most drug stores already provided this convenience . The idea worked , and now Wall Drug receives about a million visitors a year . The humble store has grown to include a chapel , a western art museum , a department store and life-sized dinosaurs . But there 's still a water well out back for any parched passers-by . You 'll have a hard time missing the spot . If you 're driving on I-90 through the state of South Dakota you 're sure to see one of the many , many signs dotting the roadside , with enticing messages ranging from the folksy  "  Wall I 'll Be Drugged "  to the hippie  "  Have You Dug Wall Drug ? "  . 510 Main Street , Wall , South Dakota ; 605 270-2175 . www.walldrug.com Graceland Too You thought Graceland was a must-see tourist destination ? Take away the King 's final resting place and the throne he died on and what does that leave you ? OK , still a lot of awesome decor and pantsuits . But to truly experience Elvis ' impact , you need to look at his life through the lens of a true fan . And by fan we mean radical zealot . Paul MacLeod turned his small Mississippi home into an altar for the Holiness of Hound Dogs , and he welcomes visitors any hour of the day or night . He rarely sleeps and claims to drink around 24 cans of Coca Cola a day . Once inside you 'll see two floors jam packed with more memorabilia than could probably fit into the original Graceland . There 's even a bit of the original inside -- MacLeod claims to have 185,000 square inches of carpet that came from Elvis ' former home . 200 E. Gholson Ave. ; Holly Springs , Mississippi Skunk Ape Research Headquarters Ochopee , Florida Sometimes it takes obsession of a more obscure brand to make an excellent roadside attraction . Dave Shealy , for example , has been hunting for the elusive skunk ape since he says he first sighted the smelly Sasquatch relative at the age of 10 . You can find all the hunting methods and tips that he 's accumulated over the years at his Skunk Ape Research Headquarters . You can also visit his bird and lizard zoo and get pointers on where to search for one of the seven to nine mighty beasts that Shealy is sure live in the surrounding Everglades area . 40904 Tamiami Trail E , Ochopee , Florida ; 239-695-2275 ; www.skunkape.info	Longtime tourist attraction Ruby Falls is an impressive underground sight Colorful Salvation Mountain provides a message in the California desert Wall Drug has been luring travelers with ice water since the 1930s
CNN  -- Peter Sagan of Slovakia marked his debut in the Tour de France by winning the first stage of this year 's race in Seraing Sunday . The 22-year-old Liquigas rider underlined his reputation as the rising star of the peloton by outsprinting Fabian Cancellara and Edvald Boasson Hagen of Norway after a tough uphill finish to the 198km stage from Liege . Swiss Cancellara kept the race leader 's yellow jersey he claimed after winning the opening prologue Saturday . Pre-race favorite Bradley Wiggins of Team Sky finished in a whittled down bunch given the same time as the leading three , which also included defending champions Cadel Evans of Australia . The globalization of the Tour de France A series of crashes and incidents involving errant spectators made for a difficult finish to the stage for the 198 riders . After the early breakaway was caught on the outskirts of Seraing , the pace went up as riders made their bid for stage glory . Sylvain Chavanel of France , who took third in the prologue in Liege behind Cancellara and Wiggins , made an initial attack , but it was RadioShack 's Cancellara who split the field . Sagan reacted immediately to join him at the front before Team Sky 's Boasson Hagen bridged the gap . Showing a coolness which belied his inexperience , Sagan timed his final burst perfectly to cross the line with his arms raised in triumph . He came into the Tour as the favorite to claim the green points jersey , having won five of the eight stages of this year 's Tour of California and shown his versatility in other races . But it is his first appearance in cycling 's most famous competition and his early victory will put him under the media spotlight . "  I 'm very happy , especially after yesterday 's incident at the prologue , " said Sagan , referring to losing time when he nearly came off on a sharp turn . "  My legs were feeling better today . I want to thank my teammates , they did a lot of good work in the last kilometers . " Monday 's stage takes the riders from Vise to Tournai over 207.5 km and is expected to favor sprinters such as Britain 's Mark Cavendish , who has won 20 stages of the Tour de France .	Peter Sagan wins first stage of the Tour de France Slovakian outsprinted Fabian Cancellara and Edvald Boasson Hagen Cancellara keeps race leader 's yellow jersey Pre-race favorite Bradley Wiggins remains in second place
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid announced Tuesday the appointment of the first woman parliamentarian in the chamber since that position was created in the 1930s . Elizabeth MacDonough will replace retiring parliamentarian Alan Frumin . MacDonough currently serves as one of Frumin 's top deputies . The parliamentarian is the Senate 's official -- and non-partisan -- umpire , calling balls and strikes on how the arcane rules of the chamber apply to the often rough and tumble day-to-day debates . Frumin , who was the chief parliamentarian for the last 18 years , was "  impartial to a fault , " boasted Reid , D-Nevada . That explains why he is the only person appointed to the job by both Democratic and Republican majority leaders , Reid explained . Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky praised Frumin 's smarts and his devotion to the Senate . The soft-spoken and bookish Frumin gained Washington celebrity status in 2010 when he had to make a number of high-profile rulings related to the Senate 's handling of President Barack Obama 's health care bill . He was "  one of the most talked about men in Washington , " Reid said . "  Despite the pressure and despite the national spotlight , Mr. Frumin remained calm and professional through what must have been one of the most intense moments of his career . " Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , praised MacDonough for her "  professionalism " and for setting a precedent by being the first woman to hold the position . "  We all look forward to working with you , even when you give us disappointing ruling , " he told her with a smile .	MacDonough will replace Alan Frumin , who was parliamentarian for 18 years Frumin came into the spotlight when he had to make rulings on Obama 's health care plan The Senate parliamentarian advises on rules and procedure
A video that appears to show a Saudi man beating a migrant worker is causing growing outrage in Saudi Arabia . In the amateur video , which went viral after it was posted on YouTube , a male worker in an orange jumpsuit is first seen sitting on a floor , scared and submissive . A man who government officials believe is Saudi begins tormenting the victim , angry because he thinks the worker has spoken to his wife . "  Why did you come here when she was here ? " he asks in what sounds like Saudi-accented Arabic . "  I swear I did n't mean it , " pleads the man , who from his clothes and accent appears to be a migrant laborer , adding , "  I swear to God I did n't know . " The abuser begins slapping his victim as he continues questioning him , demanding to know why the worker would dare contact his wife . Officials are n't sure where it happened , but they 're looking into it . Women who defied Saudi driving ban fear repercussions The Saudi government-backed Human Rights Commission has condemned the video , telling CNN it launched an immediate investigation . "  We are taking this very seriously and are looking into it with Saudi security , " said the commission 's Mohammed Al-Madi . "  We are doing our utmost to ensure the accused abuser is arrested and tried . We are also doing everything we can to find the abused man , so that we can help him in any way . " CNN can not independently verify the authenticity of the video , but another Saudi government-backed human rights group , the National Society for Human Rights , is also investigating . "  We do n't know where it took place , but it is under investigation and we 'll release details in a few days ' time , " said Mifleh Al-Qahtani , president of the society . As awful as the incident captured on video is , it is not an isolated one . Global human rights groups have documented widespread abuse of migrant workers in Saudi Arabia . According to Human Rights Watch , there are "  over nine million migrant workers in Saudi Arabia -- more than half the work force . " In July , the rights group issued a statement saying that "  many suffer multiple abuses and labor exploitation , sometimes amounting to slavery-like conditions . " The group added : "  The kafala , or sponsorship , system ties migrant workers ' residency permits to ` sponsoring ' employers , whose written consent is required for workers to change employers or leave the country . Employers often abuse this power in violation of Saudi law to confiscate passports , withhold wages and force migrants to work against their will or on exploitative terms . " Human Rights Watch Saudi researcher Adam Coogle said that "  Saudi Arabia needs to get serious about protecting migrant workers by providing adequate avenues to justice and mechanisms of redress . " Saudi preacher sentenced to 8 years , 600 lashes for killing 5-year-old daughter The sponsorship system is n't limited to Saudi Arabia -- migrant laborers throughout the Middle East face similar problems . "  Nobody can come into the Arab states or in the Middle East without a sponsor , " says Azfar Khan , with the International Labor Organization . According to Khan , many migrant workers are asked to surrender their passports upon entering countries in the Middle East , which can make them vulnerable to abuse . "  When the employer has that kind of power , then they can dictate the working conditions , " explains Khan . "  Whether it 's a question of the wage rates , whether it 's a question of the work time . " Adds Khan , "  what is lacking in the Middle East and many of these countries is that the workers do n't have representation . " Rights activists say it 's a huge problem that 's only getting worse -- this latest case being a prime example . Toward the end of the video , the real brutality begins . "  Sit down ! Kneel down ! " yells the Saudi man , as he begins to flog the victim with a belt . Standing above him , the Saudi man also repeatedly slaps and kicks the worker . The screams of "  no " are bloodcurdling . Before the end of the nearly two-minute video , the Saudi man asks the worker if he wants to die . Many are asking if the beating went on and what happened to the victim afterward . Apparently , like the fate of so many abused and forgotten foreign workers , for now , hardly anyone knows . 4 Saudi men accused of dancing naked sentenced to prison , lashes	Amateur video apparently shows a Saudi man berating and beating a migrant worker The man appears to be angry because he thinks the worker has spoken to his wife Saudi government-backed Human Rights Commission says it 's investigating the video Rights groups have documented widespread abuse of migrant workers in Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- Sri Lankan officials rejected a proposed cease-fire from the Tamil Tiger rebels Sunday , warning instead that government troops intended to continue a new offensive until the group surrenders , a senior government official said . Tamil demonstrators call for a cease-fire in Sri Lanka during a rally Saturday in Paris , France . "  The government is firm that  the rebels  lay down their arms and surrender . We do not recognize this so-called offer , " said Lakshman Hulugalle , director of Sri Lanka 's Media Center for National Security . The proposed cease-fire came six days after the Sri Lankan army launched a new offensive against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam  LTTE  in the country 's northern area . Government troops made significant advances into rebel-held territory on Friday and Saturday , according to Sri Lankan Army sources . A government-imposed deadline for the Tigers to surrender passed last Tuesday . Tens of thousands of displaced civilians currently remain wedged in a dwindling swath of territory controlled by the Tigers along the country 's northeastern coast . Government troops say they have rescued 39,000 civilians trapped in the area , but a U.N. refugee agency said Friday that a wave of "  fresh displacement " has now exceeded 100,000 individuals . "  In the face of an unprecedented humanitarian crisis and in response to the calls made by the U.N. , EU , the governments of the USA , India and others , the  LTTE  has announced an unilateral cease-fire . All of LTTE 's offensive military operations will cease with immediate effect , " the rebel leaders said in a written statement issued earlier Sunday . "  We welcome the attempts by the U.N. and its agencies to assist the civilian population and are ready to engage and cooperate with them to address the humanitarian needs of the population . ... We are in full agreement that the humanitarian crisis can only be overcome by declaration of an immediate cease-fire . " The Tiger leadership asked the international community to "  pressure the Sri Lankan government to reciprocate " on the cease-fire offer . The Tigers have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka 's northeast since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries , including the United States and the European Union .	Government says it will continue offensive against Tamil Tiger rebels Rebels control a dwindling swath of north Sri Lanka U.N. agency says 100,000 refugees have fled fighting
CNN  -- The push to plug the plumbing problem from hell at Fukushima Daiichi is about to get some help from a U.S.-built robot designed to search for leaks from one of the Japanese nuclear plant 's crippled reactors . Built in Colorado by California-based nuclear cleanup contractor Kurion , the refrigerator-sized robot will stick a 15-foot mechanical arm through a hole in the main floor of the reactor building . The arm is equipped with radiation-shielded cameras and capable of lifting 100 pounds . It can also carry cutting tools -- either a set of heavy-duty shears or a high-pressure water jet that can cut steel . Kurion custom-built the device to peer into the basement of the Unit 2 reactor building , most of which remains off-limits to humans . The reactor is believed to be leaking highly radioactive coolant water through a rupture in a donut-shaped chamber at the base of the reactor . Matt Cole , Kurion 's engineering director , said the arm will be used to inspect three areas around that chamber , known as the suppression pool , for suspected leaks . If found , other robots -- some still to be developed -- will be dispatched to repair the damage , he said . "  I think it certainly will solve part of that mystery , " Cole said . "  They know there is a leak because of the balance of water , but they do n't know exactly where that leak is . " A nearly 50-foot wall of water slammed into Fukushima Daiichi in the historic earthquake and tsunami that struck eastern Japan in March 2011 . The wave flooded the plant and knocked out power to the cooling systems of the three reactors that were running at the time . The result was the world 's worst nuclear accident since the Chernobyl disaster in 1986 , as the reactors overheated and spewed radioactive particles into the environment . Though no deaths have been directly attributed to the Fukushima Daiichi accident , about 138,000 people who were forced to flee homes as far as 25 miles away are still living in temporary housing . The damage to reactors 1 and 3 was dramatically visible , as massive hydrogen explosions blew apart their concrete housings in the first days of the accident . But what happened in No. 2 has largely remained a mystery . Four days after the tsunami , operators reported hearing a bang from deep within the reactor , probably from another hydrogen explosion , and a spike in radiation levels . The unit 's turbine plant soon filled with water that was loaded with nuclear wastes , backing up through service tunnels and spilling into the neighboring Pacific Ocean . "  Some places , the radiation is too high , so people can not get in , " said Mayumi Yoshida , a spokeswoman for The Tokyo Electric Power Company , which owns the plant . In other parts , workers who go in "  have to come out within a few minutes , " she said . Three years later , operators are still having to pump more than four tons of water an hour -- 26,000 gallons every day -- into each reactor to keep them cool , Yoshida said . That water builds up in the basements of the reactor buildings , along with hundreds of tons of groundwater that seeps in every day . TEPCO has had to collect and store thousands of tons of radioactive water in tank farms around the site and is struggling to keep it from leaking back into the environment . Robots have been able to explore some of the buildings , but have yet to get a good picture of what happened to the suppression pool , Yoshida said . Estimates provided to Kurion indicate that dozens of gallons per hour are escaping from the leak its robot was designed to locate , Cole said . The device was designed to fit through doors in the damaged building and be installed in a first-floor space where radiation levels are elevated , but still accessible to workers , Cole said . From there , it will reach through the floor and into a basement where hourly radiation exposure would be dozens of times higher than what a typical person receives in a year , according to TEPCO figures . "  Success for us would be to get clear confirmation of where the leaks are , so that the next phase of the work can be planned , " Cole said . Engineers eventually want to fill the primary containment vessel surrounding the No. 2 reactor with water , but to do that , they have to fix the leaks , Yoshida said . The device was shipped to Japan in early May and is expected to be in operation by late summer , Kurion says . The company already has built a system that chills and filters long-lived radioactive cesium out of the reactor coolant -- a mechanism it boasts of having put into operation within five weeks . Residents cleared to return home amid ongoing contamination fears How Fukushima changed world 's attitudes to nuclear power	Robot to poke its arm into basement of ruined Japanese nuclear reactor The arm can lift 100 pounds and cut steel The goal is to find a long-suspected coolant leak in Fukushima 's No. 2 reactor "  I think it certainly will solve part of that mystery , " engineer says
Travel + Leisure  -- Fall is foliage season in Ann Arbor , but the colors that really get locals excited this time of year are blue and yellow -- for the University of Michigan 's football team . Every Saturday , millions of fans across the U.S. stream into college football stadiums like Michigan 's Big House to chant , cheer , and stomp for the home teams . While winning helps , the best places to watch college football are based on more than any record . The stadiums must be outstanding , whether for their history or sheer size . Toss in rousing fight songs , stunts , and postgame hangouts , and you 've got an experience worth traveling for . The stadium attendance numbers speak for themselves . College football drew a combined 49.6 million fans in 2010 -- nearly three times as many as the NFL  17.4 million  . There 's also a sense -- despite a few recent scandals -- that college football is much "  purer " than the pro game . And college football is peppered with larger-than-life historic figures like coach Knute Rockne and running back Archie Griffin . But it 's always ready for new legends . Join the game-day crowds at one of these top stadiums for that kind of exhilarating rush -- and maybe even history in the making . Travel + Leisure : America 's worst drivers BRONCO STADIUM : Boise , Idaho Whether crashing the Bowl Championship Series  small schools just are n't supposed to be there  or asking your cheerleader girlfriend to marry you  on national TV  after upsetting Oklahoma in a bowl game , the Boise State Broncos like to make their own rules . Even Bronco Stadium 's bright blue playing field -- sometimes called the "  Smurf Turf " -- was the first non-green field in college football and remains the only alternative color in Division One . With a high-powered offense and a never-say-die attitude , little old Boise State is one of the NCAA 's most entertaining teams to watch . Team Tradition : The freaky blue turf . Typical Chant : The call-and-answer , "  And that 's another Bronco " "  First-down " Biggest Rival : University of Idaho and , nowadays , anyone who says the Broncos do n't belong with the big boys of college football . Postgame Hangout : End Zone . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 33,500 ; broncosports.com . MEMORIAL STADIUM : Lincoln , Nebraska The Nebraska Cornhuskers have sold out every home game since 1962 , an ever-growing NCAA record of more than 300 consecutive full houses . It 's now roughly 3.2 million people -- twice as many as currently live in the Prairie State . Erected in 1922 to honor Nebraska vets who fought in World War I , the Spanish American War , and the Civil War , the stadium is awash in red on game days as fans flood the stadium to cheer on their beloved Huskers and watch replays on one of the largest jumbotrons in college football . Team Tradition : The dramatic "  Tunnel Walk " and charging onto the field across the Big Red Carpet . Typical Chant : Hus-ker Pow-er ! Biggest Rival : Oklahoma . Postgame Hangout : The Single Barrel . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 85,000 ; huskers.com . ROSE BOWL : Pasadena , California The Bruins have n't been a top team in years , but the laid-back southern California ambience still makes the Rose Bowl an appealing place for college football . It also helps that this nearly 90-year-old behemoth  opened 1922  is a National Historic Monument . Follow the lead of fans who tend to tailgate in leafy Arroyo Seco Park , watch the sunset over the hills behind the stadium as the game winds down , and then party hard in downtown Pasadena afterward . Team Tradition : Cheering the bear mascots Joe and Josephine Bruin and , on occasion , vandalizing the Tommy Trojan statue on rival USC 's campus . Typical Chant : "  U-C-L-A Fight ! Fight ! Fight ! "  Bruin 8 Clap . Biggest Rivals : USC and Cal . Postgame Hangout : Barney 's Beanery in Pasadena . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 94,000 ; uclabruins.com . Travel + Leisure : America 's coolest college towns OHIO STADIUM : Columbus , Ohio Game day here is a sea of scarlet and gray sweeping across the campus toward Ohio Stadium to see the Buckeyes vanquish yet another opponent . Despite recent NCAA violations and a head coach departure , Ohio State remains a national power with historic trappings : the Buckeye Grove of trees to honor OSU All-Americans , the victory bell that tolls after each game , and the sousaphone player dotting the "  i " when the Ohio State marching band spells out the word "  Ohio " during the pregame show . Team Tradition : Decorating their helmets with buckeye leaves awarded for big plays . Typical Chant : "  O-H-I-O ! " Biggest Rival : Michigan . Postgame Hangout : King Avenue Five . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 102,000 ; ohiostatebuckeyes.com . NOTRE DAME STADIUM : South Bend , Indiana "  Touchdown Jesus " and the famed golden dome loom above this storied stadium , where Joe Montana learned to throw miracles long before he was a 49er . It was constructed in 1930 after coach Knute Rockne threatened to resign if his Fighting Irish did n't get a stadium more befitting their national stature . The flag-waving leprechaun mascot and the Irish Guard precision marchers rile up the crowd , and the team still salutes the fans after every game  win or lose  . And are those fans rabid : Fox Sports recently named the Notre Dame faithful the "  most obnoxious fan base " in college football . Team Tradition : Attending Mass and walking a gauntlet of fans outside the campus chapel right before every home game . Typical Chant : "  Go Irish ! " Biggest Rivals : USC and Michigan . Postgame Hangout : Linebacker Lounge . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 80,000 ; und.com . BEN HILL GRIFFIN STADIUM : Gainesville , Florida While much of the rest of the football world slogs through rain and snow , "  The Swamp " in Gainesville is filled with sunshine and rowdy fans . Consider that over the past 20 years Florida has won nearly 90 percent of its home games  the best in Division One college football  . When visiting teams are about to hike the ball , it gets so loud they often ca n't hear their quarterback 's signal . But the highlight of any visit to The Swamp comes when the band breaks into the theme song from Jaws and Florida fans raise their arms for a collective Gator Chomp . Team Tradition : The Gator Chomp . Typical Chant : "  Orange ! Blue ! Orange ! Blue ! " Biggest Rival : Florida State . Postgame Hangout : The Swamp Restaurant . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 88,000 ; gatorzone.com/football/ Travel + Leisure : America 's best cities for pizza KYLE FIELD : College Station , Texas The Texas Longhorns may be the state 's most renowned football program , but nobody does Saturday afternoon in the fall like the folks in College Station . With Texas A&M 's long and strong Cadet Corps tradition , its games are akin to military academy sporting events . Aggie students , collectively known as the "  12th Man , " stand for the entire game . The 400-strong Fightin ' Texas Aggie Band -- all of them cadets -- is the world 's largest military marching band and known for its intricate precision drills . Midnight Yell pep rallies are a student staple before every home game . Team Tradition : The Aggie Bonfire  before the Texas Longhorns game  . Typical Chant : "  Beat the Hell Outta ! " Biggest Rival : University of Texas . Postgame Hangout : The Dixie Chicken . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 82,000 ; aggieathletics.com . FRANKLIN FIELD : Philadelphia More impressive for its heritage than knockdown , drag-out football , Franklin is the oldest college stadium still in use , dating back to 1895 . It was the site of the first scoreboard and the first radio and television broadcasts of a football game , and -- back when the Eagles shared the stadium with the UPenn Quakers -- this was the first NFL stadium with Astroturf . The Quakers won the national college football championship four times before World War One . Now their Ivy League games are a throwback to that time when the players really were student-athletes . Team Tradition : Throwing toast onto the field at the end of the third quarter . Typical Chant : "  Hurrah ! Hurrah ! Pennsylvania ! " Biggest Rivals : Harvard and Villanova . Postgame Hangout : Cavanaugh 's . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 52,000 ; pennathletics.com . MICHIGAN STADIUM : Ann Arbor , Michigan The "  Big House " is the largest stadium in college football and the third largest sports stadium on the entire planet .  It even hosted the largest ice hockey crowd of all time : 100,000  . At its 1927 opening , the stadium featured 22 miles of bleacher seats hewn from California redwoods . The seats have changed , as have the Wolverines , who are fighting their way back into the top 10 rankings . Whatever their record from one season to the next , their rivalry games are consistently among the most hotly contested in collegiate sports . Team Tradition : Maize and blue "  winged " helmets . Typical Chant : "  Hail ! Hail to Michigan . " Biggest Rivals : Ohio State , Michigan State , and Notre Dame . Postgame Hangout : The Arena Bar . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 109,000 ; mgoblue.com . AUTZEN STADIUM : Eugene , Oregon In little more than a decade , the Ducks have gone from laughingstock to national contender -- and the NCAA 's number one fashion show . Nobody does uniforms like the chic Nike-clad Ducks , who normally sport a dozen different looks in any given season . Many a visiting coach , player , and broadcaster have claimed that Autzen is the loudest stadium in college football . The highest noise level recorded inside the stadium was an eardrum-shattering 127 decibels during a 2007 victory over USC -- a level that falls right between a jackhammer and a jet plane . Team Tradition : The Oregon Duck mascot doing push-ups for every point the team scores . Typical Chant : "  Go ! Ducks ! " Biggest Rival : Oregon State  their annual game is called the "  Civil War "  . Postgame Hangout : Rennie 's Landing . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 54,000 ; goducks.com . TIGER STADIUM : Baton Rouge , Louisiana ESPN named Tiger Stadium the "  scariest place " to play in America in 2007 based on a survey of opposing South East Conference  SEC  coaches . And with more than 90,000 trash-talking Tiger faithful -- nearly all of them decked out in purple and gold -- screaming from kickoff to the final whistle , it 's not hard to understand why . By the time night games kick off , fans have been partying practically since sunrise . Legendary Alabama coach Bear Bryant quipped that playing away at LSU , a.k.a. "  Death Valley , " was "  like being inside a drum . " Team Tradition : Playing home games on sultry Saturday nights rather than the daytime . Typical Chant : Shouting "  L-S-U ... L-S-U " over and over again -- occasionally while throwing beer on opposing fans . Biggest Rival : Anyone in the SEC ranked higher than the Tigers . Postgame Hangout : Fred 's Tigerland Bar . Stadium Capacity : Approximately 92,000 ; lsusports.net . Travel + Leisure : America 's most beautiful college campuses Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Bronco Stadium 's bright blue playing field was the first non-green field in college football UPenn 's Franklin Field is the oldest college stadium still in use , dating back to 1895 Over the past 20 years Florida has won nearly 90 percent of its home games at "  The Swamp "
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- India on Wednesday urged Sri Lanka 's Tamil rebels to "  release " civilians , who it said numbered about 70,000 in Sri Lanka 's war zone . A Sri Lankan soldier poses in front of a Tamil Tigers emblem in the rebel group 's former military headquarters . India is ready to help evacuate them , External Affairs Minister Pranab Mukherjee told the Indian parliament . "  Estimates on the number of civilians trapped vary , but 70,000 or so are estimated to be there now . The LTTE were reportedly using them as human shields , " he said , referring to the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam , also known as the Tamil Tigers . "  As the conflict enters what may be the final phase of military operations , the LTTE would best serve the interest of the Tamils by immediately releasing all civilians and laying down arms , " Mukherjee added . He noted that some civilians had either been caught in cross-fire or "  stopped and even killed " by Tamil rebels as they tried to escape . Government troops and the Tamil Tigers are locked in a battle over the rebels ' remaining territory in northern Sri Lanka 's Vanni region . The rebels have been fighting for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . Tens of thousands of people have fled the region as government forces have advanced and rebels have been pushed into a smaller and smaller patch of land . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	India urges Tamil Tiger rebels to allow civilians to leave Sri Lankan war zone Sri Lankan troops , Tamil fighters locked in battle for control of rebels ' territory India estimates up to 70,000 are trapped in the region by the conflict Tamil Tigers have been fighting for independent homeland since 1983
CNN  Sen. Rand Paul may be blaming the "  liberal media " for the recent controversy over his comments about vaccinations , but the right-leaning editorial board of the Wall Street Journal published a blistering opinion piece published in Wednesday 's edition on the Kentucky Republican 's skepticism . "  He will have to avoid these libertarian dormitory passions if he wants to be a credible candidate , " the editorial says , adding that government requirements for vaccinating school children is "  a legitimate use of state ` police powers ' under the Constitution . " Paul , who 's moving toward a presidential bid , caused a stir when he said Monday that he 's "  heard of many tragic cases of walking , talking , normal children who wound up with profound mental disorders after vaccines . " RELATED : Gupta : Rand Paul 's vaccine views are ` dangerous ' The vaccination debate became the center of a political firestorm this week with potential presidential candidates of both parties weighing in on the issue amid a recent measles outbreak that 's linked to Disneyland , despite the virus being eliminated in the United States in 2000 . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , also a potential presidential contender , kicked things off when he told reporters Monday that "  parents need to have some measure of choice " in determining whether to vaccinate their children , though he personally endorsed the idea . Paul said he 's also in favor of getting vaccinated , but his comments -- especially as a physician -- lent credibility to conspiracy theories that vaccinations can do severe damage . "  Mr. Paul is an ophthalmologist , so he should know he was broadcasting misinformation , " the Wall Street Journal editorial states . His office did not return a request for comment about the editorial . RELATED : O'Reilly slams Rand Paul for ` naive ' foreign policy , measles The piece acknowledges that in rare cases vaccines can lead to "  deafness , seizures , comas or brain damage , " but the Centers for Disease Control says those results are "  so rare that it is hard to tell whether they are caused by the vaccine . " The Wall Street Journal also notes that President Obama and Hillary Clinton also expressed skepticism over the safety of vaccines back in 2008 . Both , however , offered support for vaccines this past week . "  Let 's chalk up the weird science of Messrs. Paul and Christie to a lack of information , and we 're happy to send them 13 years of vaccine editorials if they want to study up , " the editorial later says . The not-so-great measles vaccine debate of 2015 is one of those events that makes us wonder if there is such a thing as human progress . " On Tuesday Paul tried to clarify his comments , saying he was n't arguing causation but saying vaccinations and mental disorders "  were temporally related " "  I support vaccines , I receive them myself and I had all of my children vaccinated , " he added in a statement . "  In fact today , I received the booster shot for the vaccines I got when I went to Guatemala last year . "	The Wall Street Journal likens Rand Paul 's thoughts on vaccinations to "  libertarian dormitory passions " The Kentucky Republican says he supports vaccines but earlier this week said he 's heard of vaccines causing mental disorders
Washington  CNN  -- Now that U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice has withdrawn her name from consideration for secretary of state , her supporters are criticizing those who brought her down as well as President Barack Obama , a long-time friend , who they say left her twisting in the wind . "  I 'm not just disappointed that President Obama did n't go forward  with the nomination  . He accepted her resignation not to put her name forward , " Donna Brazile , CNN political contributor and Democratic strategist , said on the Situation Room . "  I can understand that the president does n't want to use all of his political capital , re-fight these battles , " Brazile said . "  They had the knives out for Susan , a whole bunch of people . This is an old boys ' network . This is how it operates . " Susan Rice withdraws her name from consideration as secretary of state Rice withdrew her name from consideration to become the top U.S. diplomat on Thursday after drawing heavy criticism from Arizona Sen. John McCain and other Republicans over her public statements about the deadly attack on the American diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya , in September . In a letter to Obama , she said the Senate "  confirmation process would be lengthy , disruptive , and costly â $ " to you and to our most pressing national and international priorities . That trade off is simply not worth it to our country . " Last month , Obama defended Rice at a White House press conference and challenged her Republican detractors to "  go after me " and calling the character attacks "  outrageous . " But Obama stalled for weeks on nominating Rice or anyone else , which indicated her prospects for the job were dim . Ultimately , Rice 's possible nomination was a casualty of a deeply partisan climate in an ongoing political showdown between Obama and Republicans over the handling of the Libya attack that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans , said David Rothkopf , editor of Foreign Policy magazine . A lucky day for Susan Rice "  The Rice incident does not represent a significant deviation from the partisan standards of the recent past in Washington , " Rothkopf said . "  In other words , every so often a candidate is targeted and blocked by one party or the other . It happens more often  with  the Supreme Court than with Cabinet posts or ambassadorships . But it happens . " Rice became the administration 's point person on explaining events in Benghazi . In multiple TV appearances just days after the attack , Rice said the violence apparently was linked to a protest over an anti-Muslim film produced in the United States . Senior U.S. officials have said Rice 's comments were based on an intelligence assessment that was later revised to reflect the belief that it was a planned terrorist assault . McCain was withering in his criticism of the administration 's initial public explanation . He said "  this president and this administration has either been guilty of colossal incompetence or engaged in a cover up , neither of which are acceptable to the American people . " McCain is well known for his bluntness but Rice also has a reputation for being a aggressive and an effective operator in the corridors of power during her years in Washington . "  I guess my theory is that she 's a sharp-tongued , blunt person , and , in the past , she has taken some shots at John McCain and others , and so this is their chance , " conservative New York Times columnist David Brooks said recently on PBS ' Newshour of GOP criticism of Rice before her withdrawal . Opinion : An unfair portrait of Susan Rice "  They have no wellspring of sympathy with her , the way they actually probably do with John Kerry , her potential rival to be the next secretary of state , having taken a bunch of delegation trips with Kerry around the world . And so , I suspect there 's a lot of old history here that is bubbling up , " he said . During the 2008 presidential campaign , Rice , who was then serving as the Obama campaign 's senior foreign policy adviser , called McCain 's proposed terrorism policies "  dangerous . " Other factors in the Rice saga were at play as well , Rothkopf said . "  I think it is more complicated than that and has roots associated with a variety of other factors : the political origins of the debate over Benghazi during the campaign , McCain 's dissatisfaction with answers Rice gave him in person  that deepened his concerns  , his ties to and preference for other choices for the job , and so on , " Rothkopf said . Rice was reportedly defensive during her followup meetings with lawmakers aimed at addressing their concerns with her Benghazi comments . That apparent impression raised red flags with other senators on the fence about her prospects for higher office McCain is seeking a slot on the Foreign Relations Committee next year to be in a position to help weigh in on the next secretary of state and could be in place to question Kerry , a fellow decorated Vietnam veteran , if he is nominated to the position . McCain , who has a good relationship with Kerry , and other Republican senators have said they would prefer to see the Massachusetts Democrat and current foreign relations chairman , running American diplomacy . Rice once appeared to be the inevitable secretary of state CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , Ashley Killough and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Rice withdrew her name from any consideration as secretary of state Some Democrats disappointed President Obama did not more strongly support Rice Politics , personal ties complicated any effort to nominate Susan Rice as secretary of state
CNN  -- Why was it that , while others in your class were happy to study law or go into finance , you wanted to be a popstar ? Or maybe you were the rebel : an unruly and disruptive influence the teachers disliked . That said , you could have been the procrastinator -- somehow never getting started -- or the dreamy idler living in an invented parallel universe . Their commonality ? All are signs you are a High-FF : someone with a high fear of failure as I call them in "  What 's Stopping You ? " my book on understanding , accepting and navigating the insecurities that drive career failure . Fear of failure was first uncovered in the 1960s by psychologists such as John Atkinson . Working at Stanford University , Atkinson conducted a series of experiments on children -- setting them reward-based tasks in order to test their motivation . He noticed they divided into two camps : those focused on winning the reward , who approached the task with what he called a "  need for achievement , " and those focused on their seemingly inevitable failure , who had what Atkinson termed a "  fear of failure " based on their desire to avoid the public humiliation of failure . See also : Is happiness the secret of success ? In one experiment the children played a game of hoop-the-peg , with greater rewards offered for greater distances . The "  need for achievement " kids stood a challenging but realistic distance from the peg -- adding concentration if they failed . Those with fear of failure , meanwhile , stood either right on top of the peg or so far back that failure was almost certain . Of course , those choosing the impossible distance effectively disguised their fear of failure , not least because everyone failed at such a distance . Yet that was the better response . Many of the fear of failure kids became disruptive -- intonating that they did n't care for the game with some even trying to halt the entire process . Norman Feather  an Australian psychologist  undertook similar experiments and came to similar conclusions , although also found he could manipulate the response by telling the children the task was "  very difficult . " This encouraged the High-FF kids to continue -- the humiliation of failure having been lowered . And 1970s experiments by Carol Dweck and Ellen Leggett concluded that children were either "  mastery oriented , " meaning they were focused on acquiring new skills  and were unconcerned by temporary setbacks  , or "  ego oriented , " which meant their main concern was to not lose face . The impact of fear of failure From here , it 's easy to see how such a divide can impact our career progression : indeed , our entire lives . High-FFs keep their ambitions either low or -- as a mask for their insecurities -- extraordinarily high  knowing that failing to become a TV star will be kindly judged  . It 's the challenging but achievable career choices  such as joining the professions  that are avoided by High-FFs . See also : ambition could make you rich , but not happy So is there a way out ? Not from our fears . Mainstream psychologists deride those -- such as hypnotists and acupuncturists -- that claim they can instantly cure our fears and phobias , stating they simply inject alien personality traits into us . These will eventually be revealed as such , producing an inevitable reckoning . Yet we can learn to accept our fears as part of us , and then navigate their destructive consequences . To do this , however , we need a plan . So here are my seven steps to overcoming  but not curing  fear of failure . 1 . Discover your true values . If those popstar goals are a mask you 'll need to go back to square one and calculate what really motivates you . This requires you to establish the values and principles that underline your existence . It 's these that should drive your goal setting , not your insecurities . 2 . Establish your goals . With your values written down , visualise yourself 10-years ' hence . Every detail should be imagined : house , car , partner , office , dog  or cat  . Importantly , also focus on the details of your career . What will you do day-to-day , where and with whom ? Then ensure it dovetails with your values -- otherwise it will almost certainly fail . 3 . Work out the milestones . The 10-year horizon is long-enough to make anything possible : including professional exams . Yet you have to ensure the path you take is the right one . So visualize yourself in five years ' time . What has to be in place to ensure the 10-year goals are achievable ? Then do the same for two years -- thinking about the needs for the five-year horizon . Then one year . Then six months . Then three months , one month and one week . And what can you do tomorrow to make sure the one-week goal is conquered ? 4 . Develop a strategy and tactics . Of course , goals fail without strong execution , while "  busyness " can lead us in the wrong direction . We need a strategy -- a plan that ensures our actions lead us towards our objectives . So undertake a SWOT analysis : looking at your strengths , weaknesses , opportunities , threats . This should help a strategy emerge because we can execute tactics on our strengths while developing skills to overcome our weaknesses . Meanwhile , we can pursue the opportunities  if goal-focused  and plan to navigate the threats . 5 . Execute efficiently . According to Stephen Covey , all activities fall into four boxes : urgent and important , urgent and unimportant , not urgent and important , and not urgent and unimportant . We spend our time on urgent-box activities neglecting the not-urgent-and-important box that is vital for achieving our long-term goals . Yet if we start here , our activities become driven by our goals allowing us to control urgent-and-unimportant activities  otherwise called interruptions  and potentially reframing our not-urgent-and-unimportant activities as refreshing moments where we can enjoy our progress . 6 . Deal with people . For High-FFs , other people are a problem . Too often , we become reactive and defensive , or potentially manipulated by people leveraging off our insecurities . Yet dealing with difficult people is possible once we have "  developed our compassion " -- i.e. we 've stopped seeing the world from our own perspective and , instead , seen it from theirs . If done genuinely , we can then forge win-win strategies that turn potential enemies and barriers to our progress into allies that can help us achieve our goals . 7 . Find your unique gift . Still struggling ? Just maybe you have n't found your unique gift . Everyone has a special talent or insight that they should first discover and then offer to others . Mine was a curiosity regarding my condition  as a High-FF  and a background in writing . I combined the two to write "  What 's Stopping You ? " What 's yours ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Kelsey .	Fear of failure can impact our careers , and our whole lives , argues author Robert Kelsey Fear can make people set their ambitions low , or extraordinarily high , to mask their insecurities Kelsey outlines seven steps to overcoming our fears
CNN  -- The man tasked with investigating the World Cup bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments resigned Wednesday , plunging world football into turmoil . Michael Garcia 's resignation followed world governing body FIFA 's decision to throw out his appeal after he complained about the way his report into the bidding process had been summarized by German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert -- FIFA 's independent ethics adjudicator . "  I disagree with the Appeal Committee 's decision , " said the American lawyer Garcia -- the chairman of the Investigatory Chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee -- in a public statement . "  It now appears that , at least for the foreseeable future , the Eckert Decision will stand as the final word on the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup bidding process . "  No independent governance committee , investigator , or arbitration panel can change the culture of an organization . " FIFA president Sepp Blatter said he was surprised by Garcia 's resignation but that the "  work of the Ethics Committee will nonetheless continue . " "  Pending the election of a new chairman of the Ethics Committee by the FIFA Congress , the FIFA Executive Committee will appoint an acting chairman to serve as a replacement for Mr Garcia , " added Blatter , who will be at FIFA ExCo 's meeting in Marrakech on Thursday and Friday . However Jerome Champagne , who is standing against Blatter in the 2015 FIFA presidential election , said Garcia 's decision was "  a step backwards . " "  We need to know what happened before and after the 2 December 2010 vote , " added Champagne , referring to the date Russia and Qatar won the right to stage the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . "  When will the facts be known fully , transparently and above all without suspicion ? When will we be able to start rebuilding FIFA 's image ? And we need to protect the World Cup . " Garcia said his decision to resign had also been in influenced by FIFA 's "  lack of leadership . " "  Now even FIFA 's very own lead investigator has recognized what many of us have warned for months : its self investigation process is neither valid nor credible , " said U.S. lawyer David Larkin , who has been a campaigner for greater accountability from FIFA . It has been a difficult few months for Garcia . In September the American said for the first time that his report should be made public with redactions . FIFA rejected his request on the grounds that witness confidentiality for his work could prove difficult to sustain if the report was published . Then Eckert published his summary , prompting Garcia to respond by saying the German judge 's 42-page report contained "  numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations . " In his resignation statement Garcia went even further . "  A brief I filed with the FIFA Appeal Committee on November 24 , 2014 , outlined the Eckert Decision 's most serious failings , " said the American lawyer . "  Among other points , the brief explained why , when viewed in the context of the Report it purported to summarize , no principled approach could justify the Eckert Decision 's edits , omissions , and additions . " After Eckert 's summary was published , Garcia also faced pressure from two whistle-blowers . Phaedra Al-Majid and Australian Bonita Mersiades gave evidence to Garcia and claim he broke his promise over an offer of anonymity if they helped with his investigative report . The two women insist that assurances were given to them both in private and public that they would not be compromised after agreeing to give evidence "  through a sense of natural justice and a desire to bring closure to a long running chapter in our lives . " The women were not identified by name , but they contend they were "  clearly identifiable " in the summary of Garcia 's report . However , FIFA 's disciplinary committee said Tuesday there "  were no grounds to justify the opening of disciplinary proceedings " given "  the breach of confidentiality claim had no substance . " Responding to Garcia 's resignation , Mersiades welcomed his decision , given he "  agrees with what many of us have long stated -- that FIFA is incapable of reform or cultural change with its current leadership . " Al-Majid described the American 's departure from FIFA was "  one more , emphatic exposure of FIFA 's self-protecting corruption . " She added : "  FIFA has no ethics . Its rules are a farce . Not even an extensive , purportedly independent , two year investigation and report could affect its culture . "  Why would anyone believe or trust anything it says ? "	Independent Chairman of the Investigatory Chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee resigns Michael Garcia says problem with FIFA "  culture " "  Lack of leadership " at FIFA , says American lawyer "  Self investigation process is neither valid nor credible , " says one FIFA reformer
CNN  New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said Thursday night that the first time he spoke to Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones was in the summer of 2013 . In the past , however , he has said otherwise . Last month , he said the two have known each other for "  the last five years . " In June of 2014 , he said he first spoke to the Texas billionaire when he was running for governor for the first time in 2009 . Why does it matter ? Normally , it would n't . But when Christie went to the Cowboys playoff game against the Detroit Lions in Dallas earlier this month -- remember , the one with THE hug ? -- his ticket and transportation were paid for by Jones . As it turns out , Jones partially owns a company that was awarded a Port Authority contract by New Jersey and New York in March 2013 . So that 's why reporters have been trying to nail down just when exactly Christie and Jones started their now famous bromance . Did they meet before or after that contract was awarded ? Christie brushed off ethics concerns as "  just craziness " and he maintains that , despite previous statements , the two began their friendship later in 2013 , after the contract . Here 's an exhaustive timeline of the publicly available information on the relationship of Chris Christie , Jerry Jones , the Cowboys and the Port Authority : 2009 - Christie runs for his first term as governor and wins on November 4 . June 14 , 2010 - Christie reveals his Cowboys loyalty to sports writer Steve Politi of the Star Ledger . Q : I have to pin you down on this : Is it true you 're a closet Cowboys fan ? A : "  I am . My son is a huge Jets fan , so I 've become a secondary Jets fan . Listen , I grew up in the early 1970s and became a huge Roger Staubach fan and a Cowboys fan . Believe me , it does n't get me anything political around here because the Giants fans hate me , the Eagles fans hate me , it does n't matter . But you grow up rooting for a team . That 's just the way it works . " March 19 , 2013 - Christie and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo announce that Legends Hospitality , the company partly owned by Jones , is awarded a contract by the Port Authority to build an observation deck at the top of One World Trade Center . June 19 , 2013 - Christie gets jeered after telling a bunch of elementary school students that he 's a Cowboys fan . The story becomes national news . June 26 , 2013 - Christie defends his sports loyalty in an interview with New Jersey 101.5 radio . Summer 2013 - This is when the governor and Jones first spoke on the phone , according to Christie 's "  Ask the Governor " interview on Thursday  January 15 , 2015  . "  I remember it was the summer of 2013 , and we were at the beach house one weekend , " Christie says . " And I got a call from Jerry Jones and he said , ` Listen , I ca n't believe you 've been a Cowboys fan all these years . I 'm a big supporter of yours . I 'm thrilled you 're a Cowboys fan . And I hope we get to meet sometime . ' "  And I said ` Actually I 'm going to be coming to Dallas this September to raise money for the Republican National Committee . ' He said , ` Well if we have a game that weekend , I hope you come ' , " Christie recalls . September 8 , 2013 - Christie attends the Cowboys game against the New York Giants in Dallas , where he meets Jones on the field . June 9 , 2014 - This is where things get complicated . Christie , in an interview with Sports Radio 94WIP Philadelphia , says he and Jerry Jones first spoke on the phone when he was running for governor . "  I got asked about it during the first campaign by a sports reporter who came in to interview me , " Christie says . "  So that got out and it got national press that I was a Cowboys fan running for governor of New Jersey , and the next day I got a call from Jerry Jones , " Christie continued , adding that Jones told him "  I 'm so proud . " You may be thinking , ` Wait , I thought he did n't speak to Jones until 2013 ? ' as mentioned earlier in this timeline . We asked Christie 's office about the discrepancy , and they declined to comment . November 23 , 2014 - Christie attends the Cowboys game against the Eagles in Philadelphia and sits with Jones in a private suite . December 14 , 2014 - Christie again defends his Cowboys , this time in an interview with WPG Talk Radio . December 21 , 2014 - Christie and his family go to the Cowboys game against the Indianapolis Colts in Dallas . December 22 , 2014 - In an interview with NJTV 's Steve Adubato , Christie says he 's "  become friends with Jerry over the last five years . " January 4 , 2015 - Christie is seen on camera celebrating the Cowboys victory against the Detroit Lions in Dallas . Overcome with excitement , Christie and Jones have their now widely seen bear hug . January 5 , 2015 - Christie spends a good chunk of the day defending himself against ribbing from Dallas haters via social media . His fandom becomes national news again , especially given his prospects as a potential presidential contender . It 's also revealed that Jones paid for Christie 's ticket and transportation to the game . The governor 's office says it was legal under a policy that says the governor "  may accept gifts , favors , services , gratuities , meals , lodging or travel expenses from relatives or personal friends that are paid for with personal funds . " January 6 , 2015 - Questions arise after the Wall Street Journal and the International Business Times report that Jones had ties to the Port Authority through his company , Legends Hospitality . CNN : Democrats mull ethics probe over Christie 's Cowboys hug January 7 , 2014 - Christie spokesman Kevin Roberts says the governor 's friendship with Jones "  started in the summer of 2013 . " "  Whether they first met or spoke in 2010 or 2011 in a passing way , I ca n't account for that , " he adds . Rich Dalrymple , a spokesman for the Cowboys , also says Christie and Jones met at a Dallas football game in 2013 after Jones learned of Christie 's love for the Cowboys that summer . "  Their relationship is totally based on the governor 's following the Dallas Cowboys -- there is nothing political about it at all , " Dalrymple tells the Wall Street Journal . January 11 , 2015 - Christie attends the Cowboys playoff game against the Green Bay Packers in Wisconsin . He sits with Jones again but Christie 's office says that Christie paid for his own ticket and transportation this time . January 15 , 2015 - Christie says on NJ101 .5 that he first spoke to Jones in the summer of 2013 and the two met a few months later in September when he attended the Cowboys vs. Giants game in Dallas . CNN 's Chris Frates contributed to this report .	Chris Christie and Jerry Jones say they 've been friends since September 2013 The timing of their friendship has come under question because Jones partially owns a company that won a contract for a Port Authority project Jones has treated Christie to a Cowboys game free of charge
CNN  -- Some 10,000 demonstrators against the Ukraine 's decision to not sign a landmark trade deal with the European Union descended on a square outside a monastery early Saturday in response to a police crackdown on the earlier protests . The emboldened demonstrators waved Ukrainian and EU flags and sang the national anthem outside the St. Michael 's Golden-Domed Monastery , where groups of protesters retreated earlier after a sweep by riot police left seven people hospitalized and dozens under arrest at Independence Square . Three top opposition leaders called for resignation of President Viktor Yanukovych as well as new presidential and parliamentary elections , according to a statement released by Vitaliy Klitchko , Arseniy Yatsenyuk and Oleg Tyagnybok . "  We have to unite in order to punch , " said Klitschko , a Ukrainian boxer and opposition leader . "  We have to unite all together . I alone will not be able to do it ... We will not be able to do anything without the support of the people . We have to unite . " Chants of "  Knockout the criminal ! " rose from the square . Yatsenyuk said the president has "  the blood of our children , the blood of students , the blood of youth on his hands . " Yanukovich , in a statement posted on his website , condemned the violence and said he supported "  peaceful civil protest . " He vowed to punish those responsible . Separately , in a post on his Facebook page , Prime Minister Mykola Azaroz said he was "  outraged " by events at Independence Square but said it was too early to make "  firm conclusions . " He said an investigation was under way . "  Now one thing is clear : the one who is not interested in such a scenario ... is the government , " said the statement , according to a translation by the national news agency . "  On the contrary , our task is to maintain peace and stability in the country . " Earlier Saturday , riot police detained at least 35 people after peaceful protesters thronged the main square in the capital , Kiev , to voice displeasure with the decision of Yanukovych 's government to suspend the EU talks last week . But riot police stepped in early Saturday and "  brutally dispersed " several hundred people who were demonstrating peacefully in support of Ukraine 's European integration , according to a statement from Poland 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs . "  Forceful dispersion of peaceful demonstrations does not help the cause of Ukraine 's integration with Europe , " ministry spokesman Marcin Wojciechowski said . "  We caution Ukrainian authorities against using force as it may carry unpredictable and irrevocable consequences . " The United States condemned what it called "  violence against protesters " in a statement posted online by the U.S. Embassy in Kiev . A statement released Saturday by the U.S. State Department said , "  We urge Ukraine 's leaders to respect their people 's right to freedom of expression and assembly ... We call on the Government of Ukraine to foster a positive environment for civil society and to protect the rights of all Ukrainians to express their views on their country 's future in a constructive and peaceful manner in -LSB- Kiev -RSB- and in other parts of the country . Violence and intimidation should have no place in today 's Ukraine . " State news agency Ukrinform cited the Ukrainian Interior Ministry as saying the use of force by riot police was prompted by "  provocations " by protesters . The protesters "  started throwing garbage , glasses , water bottles and burning sticks onto the law enforcers . Thereafter , the police pushed protesters from the Independence Square , " the ministry is quoted as saying . Police detained 35 demonstrators early Saturday for hooliganism and resistance to law enforcement officials , Ukrinform cited police as saying . They have since been released , the news agency said . Ukrinform quoted Kiev police as saying that riot police were called in after protesters began throwing objects at law enforcement officers who were moving equipment into independence Square ahead of New Year holidays . Some 35 people sought medical help in the wake of the clashes , the news agency quoted the head of Kiev 's ambulance service as saying . Tear gas and batons were also used against demonstrators earlier in the week as they clashed with police . ` Extreme danger for Ukraine ' European lawmakers and diplomats reacted with alarm to news of Saturday 's crackdown on protesters . Stefan Fule , the EU commissioner responsible for enlargement of the bloc , said via Twitter that he was "  following events with great concern ; " he urged authorities "  to refrain from use of force against those peacefully expressing their views . " The authorities in Ukraine may have refrained from signing the agreement , he said , "  but they should not refrain from respecting freedom of assembly & expression . " Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt tweeted : "  I fear that Yanukovich has decided on a policy of repression . But still hope that other voices will speak up . Extreme danger for Ukraine . " He added , "  Authorities in Kiev must fully respect the freedom of expression and the right to peaceful manifestations . These are core European values . " Britain 's envoy to Ukraine , Simon Smith , tweeted that he was "  hugely disturbed this morning to see pictures of deplorable intimidatory violence " against a peaceful protest in Kiev . The proposed landmark deal , the EU 's "  Eastern Partnership , " was aimed at creating closer political and economic ties and fostering economic growth among the nations of Eastern Europe and the Caucasus , including Ukraine , Moldova , Georgia , Armenia , Azerbaijan and Belarus . Georgia , Moldova and Azerbaijan all took steps toward closer EU integration at a summit in Vilnius , Lithuania , on Friday , but Ukraine did not sign an association agreement as expected . Speaking in Vilnius , Yanukovych indicated the door was n't shut to closer EU integration in the future , but said further negotiations were needed to protect Ukrainians from economic harm . "  I reaffirm the intentions of Ukraine to sign the association agreement in the nearest future , " he said . Economic pressure Independence Square was the scene of huge popular protests in 2004 , when the so-called "  Orange Revolution " resulted in a new presidential vote after a rigged election was annulled . The response to the thwarted EU deal has put scenes of protest there back on TV screens around the world . But Ukraine 's president is in a tight spot . Under severe economic pressure from his country 's giant neighbor , Russia , not to join the EU , he also was facing a key EU demand that he was unwilling to meet : free former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , his political opponent . Two years ago , in a case widely seen as politically motivated , she was found guilty of abuse of office in a Russian gas deal and sentenced to seven years in prison . Her supporters say she needs to travel abroad for medical treatment . Yanukovych will discuss with German Chancellor Angela Merkel plans to hold trilateral talks among Ukraine , Russia and the European Union on trade and economic cooperation , Ukrinform quoted Ukraine 's deputy prime minister as saying Saturday . Russia wants Ukraine to join its Customs Union trade bloc , which also includes Kazakhstan and Belarus . Yanukovych ` unmasked ' Tymoshenko 's daughter , Eugenia Tymoshenko , told CNN on Friday that Yanukovych 's decision not to go ahead with the EU agreement revealed his true motivations . "  After Yanukovych rejected the signature , he took off his mask , " she said . "  Now we can see his real , true authoritarian face and that he never really intended to go towards Europe or , moreover , fulfill the criteria for the democratization of Ukraine . " David Kramer of Freedom House , a U.S.-based nongovernmental organization , said : "  Yanukovych has decided it 's more important to keep Tymoshenko in prison than to integrate Ukraine closer toward Europe . He has left his country vulnerable to Vladimir Putin 's threats and pressure . That will be Yanukovych 's legacy if he does n't reverse course . " CNN 's Boriana Milanova and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	New : 10,000 demonstrators gather after violent police crackdown ; opposition leaders call for president 's resignation Riot police detain dozens of protesters in Kiev 's main square -- state media United States condemns "  violence against protesters " in Independence Square Interior Ministry says riot police responded to "  provocations by protesters " -- state media
The New York Police Department has identified the father of "  Baby Hope " and want to speak with him as part of their 22-year investigation into the girl 's death . Police stopped short of calling the man a suspect . "  He is someone we definitely have to talk to , " NYPD Assistant Chief Joe Reznick told CNN on Thursday , "  But can we arrest him for this right now ? The answer is no , definitely not . " Investigators are looking for the father and believe he is in New York City . "  We 're very interested in him , " a law enforcement official told CNN . "  Baby Hope , " a little girl whose body was found in a blue and white picnic cooler in a wooded area near the Henry Hudson Parkway on July 23 , 1991 , was never identified until this week . Police now believe "  Baby Hope " was South American , according to Reznick . Reznick is "  confident " an arrest will be made in this case , but could not state when that might happen . "  Trust me when I say the investigation is probably more active now than it 's ever been during the course of 22 years , " Reznick said . As CNN previously reported , police have identified the little girl and her mother but will not make either name public because of the ongoing investigation . The girl , then believed to be 3 to 5 years old , was smothered and sexually molested . Her body was so badly decomposed that several sketches were made to suggest what she looked like . Thanks to a tip , the department confirmed the identity of the girl 's mother through DNA testing , according to Police Commissioner Ray Kelly . The body was exhumed in 2011 . "  A DNA match was made with the mother and the mother has been cooperating , " Kelly told reporters Tuesday . He declined to name the mother or provide details on the case . "  Homicide is a distinct possibility here , so it 's going to go forward in that direction , " Kelly said of the investigation . The girl was never reported missing and police could not track down anyone who might have known her . The NYPD Cold Case Apprehension Squad never gave up hope , continuing to hand out flyers and canvas nearby neighborhoods every year on the anniversary of the discovery of the body . "  We have been able to identify the mother of Baby Hope as a result of , in my judgment , outstanding detective work , " Kelly said on Tuesday . NYPD has n't given up on Baby Hope Detective Robert Dewhurst , a member of the squad , told CNN in July that several detectives were still on the case and that people with information may speak many years later for many reasons , such as feeling safer after moving to a new area where they do n't see the person responsible every day . Sometimes people "  want to get it off their chest , " said Dewhurst . For months after Baby Hope 's body was found , police went back to the site hoping whoever was responsible , driven by guilt , had left some type of memorial that would have helped police . Baby Hope , two years after she was found , was laid to rest in a donated plot . She was buried in a white dress bought by a detective 's wife .	Body of unidentified child -- named Baby Hope by police -- was found on July 23 , 1991 Authorities have identified the father , want to talk with him NYPD assistant chief : "  Confident " an arrest will be made Authorities able to identify the mother through tip , DNA
The company began life in 1989 as MSI Cellular Investments , a telecommunications consultancy company based and operating in Africa . It was founded by Dr Mo Ibrahim . In January , 2004 the company changed its name to Celtel International . In the early days , employees were rewarded with bonuses consisting of shares , so that by 2000 , 30 percent of the company was owned by staff . Although the shares were worthless until the company was listed on the stock exchange , they were given an estimated initial value of # 0.14  $ 0.28  each . When they were eventually bought out in 2005 , they were worth # 14  $ 27.76  . In 1998 the company expanded its services to become a mobile telephony operator and now has a series of networks in 15 different African countries , under licenses that cover more than a third of the total population of the continent . The company was acquired by Mobile Telecommunications Company KSC  MTC  in 2005 and at the time , Celtel had 4,000 employees , of which 98 % were African . Celtel has invested more than $ 750 million in Africa , as part of a goal to build and operate world-class networks that will keep pace technologically with networks in Europe and North America . E-mail to a friend	Company was founded by Mo Ibrahim in 1989 as MSI Cellular Investments Initially a consultancy firm , 1998 it became a mobile telephony company It has networks in 15 African countries , covering a third of Africa 's population
CNN  -- To some , she was a lifelong role model . Others call Pakistan 's former prime minister and the first female prime minister of any Muslim nation a source of inspiration to women everywhere . One I-Reporter acknowledges , "  I never was a political supporter of Benazir Bhutto but now after her death I feel that her loss is a loss for Pakistan , not just her political supporters . " Anthony G. Moore photographed Benazir Bhutto with her husband Asif Ali Zardari in New York in 2006 . Benazir Bhutto was assassinated during a suicide bombing on December 27 , 2007 , and I-Reporters from all over the world responded with their memories and condolences . Below are selections , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Farhad Sethi of Lahore , Pakistan Breathing in the air of grief and sadness , the nation suffers the loss of our beloved leader Benazir Bhutto , an institution in herself withstanding pressures at times when suicide bombing has become an unstoppable enigma . A sniper pierced a bullet through her neck and our enthusiastic leader could n't even make it to the hospital , her last words God knows what were they but her face and inspirational personality will always be remembered . A woman who grew up with politics in her backyard is no longer with us , she was a graduate from Harvard and Oxford universities and seeing her go down in a wooden casket was a sight bringing down tears in every eye . We all have to go down the ground one day but being assassinated like this is not something we would want for even our worst enemies . She has left a space that will never be filled in the hearts and minds of the nation . She has enjoyed the position of being the first Muslim woman to lead a country as Prime Minister , but this is over she 's gone , may Allah  swt  have mercy on her soul and she rests in peace in a better place . Ameen . Al Alston of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania Benazir Bhutto 's gifts to Pakistan and the world far outweigh the charges made by her adversaries . I will never forget how she led Pakistan in its unwavering support for the African National Congress during the misery of the apartheid days . Her presence at the inauguration of Nelson Mandela left an indelible impression on me . I remain an admirer of her nation because of this critical alliance . I will keep her family and nation in my prayers . Mickin Sahni of Stone Ridge , Virginia As a first generation Indian-American , I have heard from my parents the turmoil on the subcontinent as their parents were forced to India while their friends were forced to Pakistan . Bhutto 's effort to reconcile the differences between the two countries was one of her main missions . Indians throughout the world remember her as a peaceful link between the two nuclear superpowers and could only sympathize with Pakistanis grieving throughout the world . Hopefully her efforts were not in vain . Sandra Rios of Aberdeen , Maryland Benazir Bhutto loved her country and people so much that despite an assassination attempt in Oct and continuous death threats she remained unshaken . As a Women and a Former US soldier I admire her bravery . Russ Bonny of Golden , Colorado I have n't had the raw emotions I am feeling right now since September 11 , 2001 . The death of Mrs. Bhutto is a loss for the entire world and a grim reminder of how tirelessly we must fight extremists . Whitney Anderson of Irving , Texas I never really got the chance to know much about this woman . I 'm still a teen , trying to figure out this mess we call our own democracy . But I can say this . For anyone to be slaughtered is a shame . It 's crazy to think young adults like myself have had to grow up in a time where planes are flown into buildings , wars are dragging on and dragging us down , and now a revered and respected woman is dead , only because she was trying to better the world . I can only hope my future children do n't have to live like this , and that the only time they hear of things like this is in a history book . Shima of Tehran , Iran All Persians know what her name means ... Her name means Unique , and she was unique in all her life . God bless her . Naureen Haider of Jensen Beach , Florida It 's a great loss to the country . Ms. Bhutto went to the same elementary school as mine , Convent of Jesus and Mary School in Karachi , and she was always an example to us , to motivate , thus that it is proud to be a female . Benazir , not only earned the best of qualifications on merit , but also proved to the world , that this is what patriotism is . My family having met Benazir personally several times , sends our deepest condolences to the family and prayers go out to the children . May Allah be with them . Ameen !! Humnaa Umar of Great Falls , Virginia The death of Benazir Bhutto not only marked the end of a revolutionary political leader , but also the demise of a pioneer in terms of women 's rights . In a country with a strict gender hierarchy , Bhutto inspired countless women with her ceaseless supply of fortitude . Mwilu Mwanachilenga of Lusaka , Zambia A Martyr . A pity though that a life that I looked up to , for the whole 25 years of my existence , could ever end like this . Condolences to the family and may her soul rest in peace Sabina Brauner of Frankfurt , Germany Disbelief was my first reaction when I just read the news . And shock . At such violence . I do not remember her as an outstanding figure but when someone mentioned Pakistan there was that immediate connection : Pakistan-Bhutto . So after such an act you just hope against hope that people there will find peace . I wish them all the best . Ahsan Khan of Reading , United Kingdom I never was a political supporter of Benazir Bhutto but now after her death I feel that her loss is a loss for Pakistan and not just for her political followers . The present government setup has failed and should resign to stop further bloodshed . God bless Benazir Bhutto 's soul . Erum Qayyum of Lahore , Pakistan As the first female prime minister in the Muslim world , I felt as if women are really going to get ahead and men would actually start taking their technical knowledge more seriously but of course men are men . Her death was appalling and the way it happened . It has shocked me and everyone else in my family even though we are not really Benazir 's supporters . It is a wonder that my land of Pakistan is actually going to the dogs where no one is safe . I wish the Bush administration opens its eyes to what 's happening because neither the civilian nor the military governments have done anything to make this land of mine more peaceful and secure to live in . Moses Quinion Galabuzi of Kampala , Uganda It is too sad to hear of the assassination of this great lady . I was following her very closely and had a lot of respect for her . Whoever did kill her will die the same way but will never be a hero just as she was . Rest in peace Honorable Benazir Bhutto . May the good Lord reward you for the great things you did . Carlo Zappa of Montreal , Quebec When will the horror in Pakistan end ? My heart goes out to her family and to the people of Pakistan . Her life was cut short and mankind will never see the additional good she could have done to resolve the endless political conflict in India . Ahmed Alian of Cairo , Egypt She was a brave woman in a coward world , may her soul rest in peace . I 'm not blaming Musharraf for killing her , but I 'm blaming him for feeding the atmosphere of terrorism through his dictatorship , which is unfortunately , supported by the so-called "  free world . " Oyefeso Temitope of Lagos , Nigeria You had a heart to help save Pakistan from military dictatorship , and you have to pay with your life !!! What a world !!! We await the reaction of the West . Sleep well , it was a just curse and rare fight from a woman . Linda Palumbo of Boston , Massachusetts A woman who was beautiful , brilliant and dedicated to bringing peace to her country . Such a tragedy and such a loss for the people of Pakistan . Kartiq Subramanian of Charlotte , North Carolina This is really sad ! My limited political knowledge told me that she was Pakistan 's only hope toward democracy and peace and now her killing has proved that . I feel sad for her family and for the people of Pakistan . May peace prevail . Fariha Waseem of Spring Valley , New York Benazir Bhutto is a woman of courage and conviction and we Pakistani 's are proud to acknowledge her with all the dedication and deeds she made for her country . She stands for principal of democracy and corruptions and wants to remove it from roots . She not only received awards for her books but for her all dedications she did for her peoples . My condolence is with all the loved ones of Bhutto 's family and her party workers . May God rest her soul in Peace !  Amen Funmi Omoniyi of Lagos , Nigeria We will miss you Benazir Bhutto because you are a strong woman , ready to fight for your country . As a woman of substance , you deserve to rest in perfect peace . May Allah grant you Aljanat Amiin . Kimberley Brewer of Ottawa , Ontario Although I have no ties , either familial or political , to Benazir Bhutto , I am deeply saddened and enraged by her murder . This noble leader , who championed women 's rights in a society rife with discrimination toward fully half the population , has been felled by cowards who seek to thwart progress and peace . My heart goes out to all who mourn her loss as I do , and my condemnation to those responsible for this horrific act of barbarism . Mohammad Khurram Khan of Cleveland , Ohio It is a sad day for all Pakistanis and the entire world . This is a direct result of the aftermath of September 11 and its ongoing consequences around the world . The blazes set forth by the terrorist continue to burn today in different cities . Bhutto was a legend and a role model for all men and women alike . She was inspirational not just to Pakistanis , but inspirational to us all through out the world . It is saddening  with tears in my eyes and sorrow in my heart  to see such a -LSB- legend -RSB- become a part of the blaze beset by the terrorists . Terrorists have no religion or political affiliations . They only have motives driven by greed and power . I certainly hope that the terrorist behind this are brought to justice and I am sure that General Musharraf will do his best to do so as he has always done in the interest of Pakistan . E-mail to a friend	Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto is assassinated I-Reporters from around the world offer condolences , memories "  We Pakistanis are proud to acknowledge her , " says one I-Reporter I-Report : Share your memories , condolences , photos of Benazir Bhutto
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The guards at the Baghdad detention facility called their prisoner "  Vic , " and let him plant a little garden near his cell . The cell where Saddam Hussein spent his final days is furnished with the basics . The rest of the world knew him as Saddam Hussein , a man blamed for the death of hundreds of thousands of Iraqis during more than 20 years as the country 's president . The nickname and the garden are among the details about the former Iraqi dictator that emerged during a tour of the Baghdad cell where Hussein slept , bathed , and kept a journal in the final days before he was executed in December 2006 . U.S. Marine Maj. Gen. Doug Stone , who oversees detention operations for the U.S. military in Iraq , shared excerpts from the journal and showed CNN the cell -- the first time it 's been recorded on video . Hussein was hanged on December 30 , 2006 , for his role in the killings of 148 people in a town north of Baghdad after a 1982 attempt to assassinate him . Watch Stone tell how Hussein prepared for execution " Stone described how Hussein began that day . "  So he got up . He was informed that , in fact , -LSB- this -RSB- would be the day that he would be going to the execution . He bathed himself here in a very modest manner , " Stone said , pointing to the sink in the corner of the room . "  It was winter , so it was cold . " Hussein took extra time to put on the familiar dark suit he always wore to court , Stone recalled . "  As he went out , he said goodbye to the guards and then got into the vehicles and proceeded to the execution , " the general said . See timeline of events leading up to Hussein 's execution " Notes taken by the guards assigned to Hussein said he asked them to give his belongings to his lawyer and tell his daughter he was going to meet God with a clear conscience , as a soldier sacrificing himself for Iraq and his people . The cell is a small , windowless room painted a nondescript beige , with a gun-metal gray floor and concrete sleeping platform . It has a stainless-steel combination sink and toilet in the corner . Those guarding the former Iraqi leader developed a sort of rapport with him , giving Hussein the nickname Vic -- derived from the initials V-I-C posted near his name in the holding facility . "  Why did you all call him Vic ? " asked CNN 's Kyra Phillips . "  Ah , a little-known secret , " Stone said . "  When he came here there was a debate . Do you call him Mr. President ? No , that does n't sound very good . What do you call him ? " Hussein also had a prisoner number , but that was n't going to work as a name either . "  One day he looked across at us and said why do you have initials by my name ? " Stone said . "  And we said , well , that stands for ` Very Important Criminal ' " ... and he said , ` OK , that 's what I want to be called . ' " Guards allowed Hussein to exercise and keep a garden in a small outdoor courtyard . "  This was probably his favorite area , " Stone said of the courtyard , where Hussein also smoked cigars and wrote in his journal , trying to shape his legacy even though he had lost control of the country . In his writings , Hussein said it was his responsibility to document history so that "  the people ... may know the facts as they are and not as those who want to counterfeit it . " "  So he is afraid that history will not be recorded as he wants it recorded ? " Phillips asked . "  As he wants it recorded , exactly ! " Stone said . The former Iraqi leader showed a philosophical side in his poetry . "  The nights are darker after the sunset , but the smoke and the burning overwhelms the city , " Hussein wrote as bombings and fighting enveloped Baghdad and echoed into the prison . "  You will feel suffocated under its skies . The days are now nights . No stars . No moon , but lots of screams . " In another piece , Hussein called on citizens to change . "  Dear nation : Get rid of the hatred , take the clothes of hate and throw it into the ocean of hatred , " he wrote . "  God will save you and you will start a clean life , with a clean heart . " Though authorities executed Hussein for his role in killing about 150 people , he was on trial at the time of his death for genocide . Those charges implicated him in the killings of up to 100,000 Kurds during the 1988 Anfal campaign against Kurdish rebels -- a campaign that included the use of poison gas against Kurdish towns in northern Iraq . Stone said Hussein 's poetry may have been another attempt to ensure his legacy . "  There is a certain cunningness to him , " Stone said . "  There 's a desire to sort of piece things together so that this is what you 'll remember . "	CNN shoots first video inside Saddam Hussein 's cell , gets a look at his journal Marine general describes Hussein 's last day and preparation for execution Hussein planted a garden , worked out , wrote poetry while in prison Hussein was friendly with guards , who called him "  Vic " for Very Important Criminal
CNN  -- Florida authorities have a message as the verdict in the George Zimmerman trial looms : raise your voice , not your hands . Anticipating that the outcome of the very public , and racially-tinged , case is likely to disappoint one swath of the population or another , law enforcement agencies have set up a response plan . Part of it is a public service announcement that the Broward County Sheriff 's Office released this week . In it , a black teenage boy and a Hispanic girl urge viewers to "  stand together as one . No cuffs , no guns . " Zimmerman is a white Hispanic who is on trial for last year 's shooting death of Trayvon Martin , a black teen , in Sanford city . Sanford is in Seminole County . He is charged with second-degree murder , and says he acted in self-defense . Prosecutors are arguing he profiled the teen . Opinion : Zimmerman trial -- it 's about race Millions of Americans have already made up their minds about what should happen . And no matter how the verdict falls , authorities worry passions will be inflamed . That 's where the video comes in -- a plea not to resort to violence . "  Freedom of expression is a constitutional right , " the sheriff 's office said . "  While raising your voice is encouraged , using your hands is not . " In the video , the boy says , "  Let 's give violence a rest , because we can easily end up arrested . " The girl adds , "  Let it roll off your shoulders . It 's water off your back , do n't lack composure . Because in one instant it could be over . " In Zimmerman trial , it 's a jury of millions The case has triggered a nationwide debate about Florida 's "  Stand Your Ground " law , race and racial profiling . "  People care about gun rights . People care about race . People care about children . People care about the right to defend yourself , " said CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin . "  And this case has all of them wrapped up together , and that 's rare . " Zimmerman 's lawyer , Mark O'Mara , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " that regardless of the outcome , his client will forever be looking over his shoulder : "  First of all , my client will never be safe , because there are a percentage of the population who are angry , they 're upset , and they may well take it out on him , " he said . "  So , he 'll never be safe . " CNN 's Cristy Lenz contributed to this report	Authorities plan for anticipated tensions "  Freedom of expression is a constitutional right , " the Sheriff 's Office says However , raising your hand is not , authorities warn
CNN  -- The best/worst  take your pick  part of any Olympic Games is the way millions of us end up watching a sport that millions of us would n't be caught dead watching under any normal circumstances . I love this stuff . Why , just a little while ago , I found myself reading a story that began : "  Slovenia judoka Urska Zolnir won gold in women 's 63 kilogram over China 's Xu Lili . " I thought to myself , "  hmmm ... . I do n't know what a judoka is , I do n't know what a kilogram is , and , come to think of it , I ca n't even tell you where Slovenia is . " And then I think : "  Wait a minute . Did n't you GO to Olympic women 's judo once ? " Yes , indeed I did . Barcelona , 1992 . I was there when Yael Arad , 25 , a 136-pound  not sure how many kilograms that is  aspiring dietitian from Tel Aviv took second place to become the first Israeli athlete  man or woman  to win a medal  gold , silver or bronze  in an Olympic competition  summer or winter  . Israel and judo , who knew ? They go together like the United States and rugby , like Iraq and ice hockey . I wrote about judo that day , even though I do n't know judo from jiu-jitsu from karate from taekwondo . I only know that you sign up your grandson for lessons , and he goes to a class at a mall . The women in Barcelona came out in what looked like white bathrobes . I saw one 's belt come loose . Was that a point for her opponent ? I saw one go down . "  That 's an ippon , " I was told by the guy next to me . I saw a point go on the scoreboard under the word "  koka . " It was my first time seeing an ippon go up on a koka . I was enjoying my first judo . I was n't yet ready for the National Judo League to put Monday Night Judo on TV , but I was having a good time . The women grunted and groaned on the mat and appeared to be having a really bad-ass game of Twister . It got pretty physical out there . Not quite Batman vs. Bane , but definitely tough stuff . I got a kick out of watching them fight . I looked up that day 's judo results later on a computer and found the following : 19 ippons , 13 waza-aris , 22 yukos , 35 kokas , 13 shidos , three chuis , two keikokus and no hansoku-makes . Do n't you hate it when you watch judo all day without seeing a single hansoku-make ? Sports of all sorts , that 's the Olympics in a nutshell . I think they 've had every kind of sport so far -- SO FAR -- except bungee jumping , elephant hunting and "  Celebrity Apprentice . " The 1896 Athens Games began with King George I of Greece declaring them open . He did not jump out of a helicopter first with James Bond . He did not need to listen to the "  Chariots of Fire " theme . He did not sit at home watching Bob Costas on TV , although Zeus knows that he probably did know a whole lot of guys named Costas . Swimming was part of those 1896 Games . I doubt if any Speedo suits were involved . Do you know where the 1896 swim events were held ? In the bay . I ai n't kidding . They swam in the Bay of Zea , not in some cool pool . I bet the bronze medalist would be really angry if he lost a few seconds on the clock while attempting to swim for his life from a shark . The 1900 Paris Games included cricket and croquet . It also had golf , which is being brought back for 2016 . I am extremely excited about this , because whenever I think of an Olympic athlete , I think of a lean , hard , buff , rock-abbed , Adonis-like individual like Phil Mickelson . Paris also had a sport called Basque Pelota . I personally love pelota , but not that Basque kind . In the first place , I believe it uses a designated hitter . In the second place , Basque Pelota is notorious for its MVPs being on steroids . I am glad Basque Pelota is gone now . Otherwise , NBC would probably ask Savannah Guthrie to get out there and try to play it . The 1904 St. Louis Games had sports I could comprehend . Like tug of war , for one . Nobody needs to explain tug of war to me . One team tugs . The other team tugs . Whichever team tugs harder wins . I do not know if the losing team fell face first into Missouri mud , but I 'd like to think so .  By the way , although Boston and New York usually get most of the publicity , St. Louis fans are considered by many to be the greatest tug-of-war fans in the world . Those 1904 Olympics also had a sport called roque , which is a form of croquet . It has n't returned since , so maybe there was a scandal . Maybe the winner got caught corking his mallet . I wish croquet would make a comeback in the Olympics , particularly so the top croquet stars could end up with at least 500,000 followers on Twitter . I can see Canada becoming very good at this . The croquet fights alone would go over big in Toronto . Nowadays , we have things such as archery , badminton , beach volleyball , canoe slalom , equestrian , handball , modern pentathlon and water polo that you do n't usually see on TV . I mean , let 's face it , there are n't a lot of archery highlights shown at 11 o'clock . Not a lot of "  Top 10 Shuttlecock Shots of the Day . " Not much canoe coverage for all you whitewater fantasy-league geeks . I have been to 11 Olympics in person , yet I still have no clue what modern pentathlon is , or if there was ever old-fashioned pentathlon . The only archery I have witnessed between 2008 and 2012 was in "  The Hunger Games . " I am one of those old dudes who ca n't take synchronized swimming  or diving  seriously because all I can see is Harry Shearer doing it with Martin Short . I just watched equestrian events on TV . I pull for the horses . I want a horse to get up on a pedestal and get a gold medal . I think the horse does the hard part and deserves the perks . I see some poor gelding about to leap over an obstacle , and I bet he 's thinking to himself : "  I could jump even higher if I could get this fool off my back . " Greco-Roman wrestling is another sport you can go four years without watching once on TV . I know there are networks that could use a hit , so they really should consider Greco-Roman wrestling with masks and costumes and 250-pound men jumping off the top rope . It is so cool seeing some of these obscure Olympic sports come back to life . I believe the popularity of some of these sports could rise dramatically if shown more frequently on TV . Bikini beach volleyball should be shown 23 hours a day . If I worked for NBC , for example , I would be absolutely begging the International Olympic Committee to give serious consideration to bikini judo . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Mike Downey : Olympics compel us to watch sports we 'd never follow He says the rules and even language of sports such as judo are n't familiar to many in U.S. At St. Louis games in 1904 , tug of war was an entry -- at least the rules were plain , he says Downey : I 've attended 11 Olympics and still do n't know what modern pentathlon is
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's surprise decision to seek congressional approval for a strike in Syria was a gamble that will likely succeed and over time may be judged deft . But the way he got there has also raised troubling questions about his leadership in foreign affairs . History strongly favors congressional backing . Over the past two centuries , presidents have asked Congress to approve the use of force before a coordinated military engagement on 18 occasions . Every time , the answer has been at least a qualified yes . The current Congress , of course , is also one of the most partisan and rambunctious of the past century , so there is a risk they will turn him down . But in the end , a majority -- especially in the Senate -- are likely to follow the example of Sen. John McCain . Despite his disagreements with the proposed strike  a "  pinprick " to him  , the Arizona Republican has concluded that it would be catastrophic for the country to strip the president of his authority and prestige as commander in chief . That argument -- along with others about the risks of emboldening Syria and Iran , appearing to leave Israel exposed and failing to act in the face of such horrific crimes -- will surely carry weight . Tactically , the president 's decision to seek approval got him out of a box . When the British Parliament on Thursday unexpectedly rejected military action , Obama was placed in a perilous position . He was almost a Lone Ranger in trying to punish the regime of Bashar al-Assad , with no U.N. support , a growing "  coalition of the unwilling "  a nice phrase from Arianna Huffington  , weak support in polls at home and a squalling Congress . By asking for approval , he might not only build a firmer foundation for a strike , but he has also regained a consistency with the view that he and his top team have been arguing since the invasion of Iraq a decade ago : that the road to U.S. military action should go through Capitol Hill . As a senator , Vice President Joe Biden even threatened impeachment against President George W. Bush if he struck Iran without congressional approval . For Obama , it is also possible that the delay for a congressional vote will one day be seen as tactically shrewd . Already , he is receiving more help internationally . Saudi Arabia has come out publicly for military action , the Arab League has toughened its stance and the NATO Secretary General has now called for punishment of the Assad regime for using chemical weapons . Obama 's trip to the G-20 next week gives him a chance to round up more support . But there is no doubt that he and his team still have a lot of work to do to convince the skeptics , and nowhere is that more important than with the American public . Members of Congress know full well how uneasy many of their constituents are . They will soon be demanding that the president win over more of the public as a price for their own support . There is a good chance we will hear an address from the Oval Office on the eve of congressional voting . However this episode comes out , the president and his team -- despite flashes of tactical proficiency -- have been hurt by the uneven path they have taken to this point . At home and abroad , observers watch carefully and calibrate their own responses by whether they think the U.S. commander in chief and his team have a firm hand on the tiller . In this case , unfortunately , the overall leadership has looked shaky and hesitant . What is needed above all is a sound long-term strategy for the Middle East that is communicated to the world . Admittedly , that is very hard to do with the region in turmoil . But the world was also complicated and fluid after World War II and President Harry Truman and his team put together a strategy that worked for half a century and helped to win the Cold War . Truman turned out to be a celebrated leader . In retrospect , as Fareed Zakaria wrote this weekend on CNN in a stinging critique of the White House , it is clear that when Obama drew his "  red line " a year ago against Syrian use of chemical weapons , he was making an off-the-cuff bluff with little thought behind it . That "  red line " comment set off a chain of events that has made experts shake their heads . More recently , the surprise of Saturday 's decision to consult Congress after weeks of beating the war drums has left many world leaders -- not least British Prime Minister David Cameron , who with the potential for a U.S. strike looming , tried and failed to win the British parliament 's authorization to support it -- feeling whiplash . For the sake of the country as well as a just , stable Middle East , one hopes the president will succeed in bringing al-Assad and his thugs to account for their crimes against humanity . But it is surely important as well that he and his team emerge from this storm with a stronger grip on the journey ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen and Michael Zuckerman .	Gergen , Zuckerman : Obama asking Congress ' OK on Syria , a gamble that will likely succeed But they say the move follows an uneven strategy on Syria that has hurt his support They say it also realigns Obama with his own position before the invasion of Iraq Writers : U.S. needs long-term strategy on Middle East to show world it has firm grip
Los Angeles  CNN  Three area residents were arrested and charged Wednesday for allegedly operating four Southern California schools for Korean and Chinese students who never attended classes and lived in other states on student visas in a "  pay-to-stay " scheme . The three educators collected as much as $ 6 million in annual tuition from an enrollment of about 1,500 foreign students who were largely from South Korea and China , said federal prosecutors . The arrests came after a federal grand jury indicted the three defendants Tuesday on charges of conspiracy to commit immigration fraud , money laundering and other immigration offenses . An allegation in the indictment would also require the defendants to forfeit property and proceeds derived from the fraudulent scheme , authorities said . Hee Sun Shim , 51 , of Beverly Hills , is the owner and manager and of the postsecondary schools and is charged with 13 counts of use or possession of an immigration document procured by fraud , authorities said . The two other defendants are each charged with one count of that same offense : They are Hyung Chan Moon , also known as Steve Moon , 39 , of Los Angeles who assisted in the operation and management of the schools ; and Eun Young Choi , also known as Jamie Choi , 32 , of Los Angeles , a former employee who also assisted in the operation and management of the school . Shim , who also went by Leonard Shim and Leo Shim , is also charged with three counts of encouraging illegal residence , as well as two counts of money laundering , prosecutors said . The three defendants and their attorneys could n't be immediately reached for comment Wednesday . "  Immigration fraud schemes potentially compromise national security and cheat foreign nationals who play by the rules , " Acting U.S. Attorney Stephanie Yonekura said in a statement . "  In this case , officials at several schools allegedly abused their responsibility to ensure that only legitimate foreign students were allowed to the stay in the country . This type of fraud against the United States will be thoroughly examined to bring those responsible to justice and to protect the integrity of our immigration system , " the federal prosecutor said . Three of the schools are in Los Angeles ' Koreatown neighborhood : Prodee University/Neo-America Language School ; Walter Jay M.D. Institute , an Educational Center  WJMD  ; and the American College of Forensic Studies  ACFS  , authorities said . The fourth school is currently operating in Alhambra , California : Likie Fashion and Technology College , authorities said . "  What we 've broken up is a pay-to-stay scheme , " said Claude Arnold , special agent in charge of the Los Angeles office of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . "  That 's a scheme where institutions purport to be schools , but are really not doing any education whatsoever , " he said . "  Any scheme where someone gains access to the U.S. through fraud is also a national security vulnerability , " Arnold said . "  Although we do n't have any information that any of these people wish to do harm to the U.S. , the point is anyone could take advantage of a vulnerability like this . Which is why it is so important that we identify these vulnerabilities and shut them down . " Prodee University/Neo-America Language School was located on the fifth floor of a Los Angeles office tower near the Koreatown neighborhood , but Homeland Security Investigations agents said they found the school "  abandoned " during their raid on Wednesday . The agents allowed CNN to attend the raid . The school featured classrooms , administrative offices and a small library , but no one occupied the spaces . In fact , the abandoned school brought to mind a movie set , filled with props and decorations , but no actors . In one small room , a CD player serenaded empty desks with classical music . The tiny library featured USC and UCLA pennants . The television was n't even plugged in . One federal agent said many of the students listed on the school rolls were older , in their 30s , 40s and 50s . Prodee 's 2011-2012 catalog describes the facility as an English as second language school and states "  It is our mission that all students be able to flourish in their ability to use and understand English in all facets of life by providing a top quality ESL educational environment , " according to a copy of the document on the website of the California Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education . "  Our enthusiastic and qualified instructors concern themselves with teaching a rigorous , but innovative curriculum of interactive and beneficial courses and materials leading to higher TOEFL scores and admission to U.S. colleges and universities , " the catalog says . Another document with the state bureau indicates Prodee had a 73 % graduation rate in 2011 and a 60 % rate in 2010 . But the indictment alleges that students actually lived Nevada , Texas , Washington state and Arizona . The schools were authorized by the federal government to issue a document that certified a foreign student had been accepted to a school and would be attending classes full time in the United States , authorities said . The document , called a Form I-20 , made a student eligible for a F-1 student visa . In exchange for that form , students paid $ 1,800 tuition to enroll in one of the schools for six months , authorities said . During their investigation , authorities interviewed 35 students , mainly from South Korea , and found none resided in Los Angeles , officials said . An unannounced federal inspection of Prodee 's main site in 2011 found only one English class with three students , though the school listed an enrollment of 900 students for its two sites , prosecutors said . On the same day , federal authorities also visited the American College of Forensic Studies found only one religion with one student , though the school claimed an enrollment of more than 300 foreign students , prosecutors said . Some students transferred to one of the four schools after attending other U.S. schools also participating in the federal Student and Exchange Visitor Program , prosecutors said . The conspiracy count carries a maximum prison sentence of five years . The immigration fraud charges each carry up to 10 years in prison , and the money laundering charges carry a potential penalty of 20 years , authorities said . Wednesday 's arrests follow last week 's federal raids of more than three dozen "  maternity hotels " in Southern California where foreign women give birth , allegedly for the sole purpose of having a U.S.-citizen baby , authorities said . The "  maternity tourism " sites included apartment complexes in Los Angeles , Orange and San Bernardino counties where authorities believe the businesses housed the foreign nationals about to give birth , federal officials said . Those targeted residences are believed to have catered largely to women from China , who paid $ 15,000 to $ 50,000 for lodging , transportation and food , according to a statement by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Those fees do n't necessarily include medical care , authorities said . Specifically , authorities in the maternity tourism raids obtained search warrants for 37 location and conducted searches at more than 50 locations , including sites that consented to a federal search , said Virginia Kice , a spokeswoman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement .	CNN attends federal raid , finds school abandoned , resembling movie set Three defendants collected as much as $ 6 million in annual tuition from about 1,500 students Students largely came from South Korea and China , feds say
CNN  -- Somalis forced to flee war and drought are living in overcrowded and unsanitary conditions at home and in neighboring countries , including in Kenya and Ethiopia , an aid agency said Thursday . Somali refugees in Kenya queue to find out about a move to a displacement camp . Somalia has seen a rise in fighting between government forces and the Islamic militant group Al-Shabab , which wants to implement a stricter form of Sharia law or Islamic religious law . The clashes have left scores dead in recent months . The country in the Horn of Africa is also going through the worst drought in 10 years , international agency Oxfam said . "  Somalis flee one of the world 's most brutal conflicts and a desperate drought , only to end up in unimaginable conditions in camps that are barely fit for humans , " said Robbert Van den Berg , a spokesman for Oxfam International in the Horn of Africa . "  Hundreds of thousands of children are affected , and the world is abandoning the next generation of Somalis when they most need our help . Why does it seem like you matter less in this world if you are from Somalia ? " The international community has failed the refugees , who have little access to basic services such as water and medicine , Oxfam said . About 8,000 Somali refugees flock into the Dadaab camp in northern Kenya every month , the aid agency said . The camp , which has facilities for about 90,000 , has 280,000 refugees who have no access to basic necessities , including clean water , Oxfam said . "  The Kenyan government has repeatedly promised to provide more land to ease the overcrowding , but has so far failed to do so , " Van den Berg said . "  More pressure from the international community is needed to make it happen . " Kenyan officials decried the criticism . "  It is wrong to say we are not doing anything , " said Francis Mwaka , a federal communications official . "  The Kenya government is aware of the problem and is working on a solution . " Several government departments that deal with refugee issues are planning to meet next week , Mwaka said . "  During this meeting , they will discuss the possibility of having another camp for refugees in the country or relocating some of the ones in Dadaab to another camp , " he said . Mwaka confirmed Oxfam 's report that the Dadaab camp was built to host 90,000 refugees . In Ethiopia , the Bokolmayo camp has about 10,000 people . At least 1,000 people arrive there every month , but the facilities are not adequate enough to handle the influx , Oxfam said . Meanwhile , in Somalia , insecurity has hindered international aid agencies from reaching the 485,000 people who have fled the capital , Mogadishu , to nearby Afgooye , Oxfam said . The displaced are getting help from Somalis , who do not have enough resources , it added . "  In all three locations -- Afgooye , Dadaab and Bokolmayo -- the services being provided to vulnerable and desperate people are far below international standards , " Van den Berg said . About 1.4 million people have been displaced in Somalia and 500,000 more have fled to countries in the region , according to Oxfam . The transitional government has been mired in chaos since 1991 when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting . Government officials have struggled to establish authority amid challenges by Islamist groups that have seized control of some cities .	Somali refugees living in unsanitary conditions at home and in neighboring countries Clashes between government forces and Islamic militant group has killed hundreds Somalia also suffering from worst drought in ten years , according to Oxfam The Bokolmayo camp in Ethiopia is home to about 10,000 refugees
CNN  -- Although details are still emerging in this most recent tragedy , we know an officer repeatedly shot and killed an unarmed 18-year-old black man , Michael Brown , in a St. Louis suburb last weekend -- less than two days before he was scheduled to attend college . Last month , Eric Garner , another unarmed black man , died from an illegal police chokehold during an encounter on Staten Island , New York . Nearly 20 years ago , my son Anthony Baez also died in an illegal police chokehold . Anthony was playing football in the street with his brother when their ball accidentally hit a police car . Instead of addressing real public safety issues , a New York police officer chose to harass my sons brutally . These cases and many more reveal our country 's systemic criminalization and devaluing of black and brown lives . The list is long . Twelve years after Anthony was killed , New York police officers fired at an unarmed Sean Bell 50 times and killed him the night before his wedding . The detectives who were responsible were acquitted of criminal charges . Just three years later , a BART police officer in Oakland , California , shot and killed 22-year-old Oscar Grant while he was facedown on a subway platform , posing no threat . It inspired a movie , "  Fruitville Station . " The transit police officer who shot him was convicted of a lesser charge of involuntary manslaughter and spent 11 months in prison . Two years ago , unarmed National Guardsman Noel Polanco was fatally shot by a New York police detective during a highway traffic stop . The detective was not indicted . Also two years ago , unarmed 18-year-old Ramarley Graham was shot and killed by a New York police officer who unlawfully entered his home and killed him in front of his grandmother and 6-year-old brother . A judge threw out the first indictment against Officer Richard Haste , who fatally shot Graham , and a second grand jury failed to re-indict him . Just this January , an off-duty Houston police officer shot and killed 26-year-old Jordan Baker , a father and college student who worked part time , at a strip mall . The investigation is still pending . These are just some of the dozens of police killings of unarmed Americans by law enforcement over the last decades . These tragedies and injustices happen year after year , and people of color -- primarily black and Latino -- are usually the victims . Sadly , our communities in New York and elsewhere are almost conditioned to expect these incidents -- the loss of our children , siblings and spouses to excessive violence by those whose job it is to protect us . New York Police Commissioner Bill Bratton 's recent comment dismissing that race was a factor in Garner 's death is a slap in the face to those of us who 've lost our children , and it is part of the problem that allows such unjust killings to continue . In addition to the pain families experience from losing their loved ones , we are also forced to endure additional injustices , when again and again government and the criminal justice system fail to hold officers accountable , and instead the victims are criminalized . Similar to the response in Garner 's case , the New York Police Department attempted to blame my son for his death by saying that he and his brother resisted arrest . But what were they under arrest for ? Playing football in the street ? Even if we hypothetically assumed the officers ' allegations were true -- although they were not and a federal court found the officer guilty -- how does that justify killing someone ? With Bratton as police commissioner then and today , we see a similar response . In many of these unjust killings , New York police detailed victims ' past involvement with the criminal justice system to the media , as if that justified their lives being taken by the police . We 've seen it with Garner , and we saw it with Anthony Rosario , Hilton Vega , Patrick Dorismond and many others . Also , district attorneys fail to convene a grand jury or secure a conviction . We must question the closeness of district attorneys to police departments , given their interdependence . In only a handful of these cases , including my son 's , the federal government stepped in to provide some limited accountability . In Michael Brown 's killing , the FBI will conduct a parallel investigation to one already under way by the St. Louis County , Missouri , police . Like it did with my son , the FBI review will focus on possible civil rights violations in his killing . That is the only way my son got justice -- when the federal government found the police officer who killed my son violated his civil rights . Where is the justice for families like those of Ramarley Graham ? It 's been two years since his death and a year since the Justice Department said it was reviewing the case but still nothing . The family does n't even know whether the officer responsible for killing him in cold blood has been disciplined or still walks around with a gun and shield . Those with a badge who unjustly kill and brutalize should be stripped of their badge , their gun , their job and their pension because they have violated the public trust . A systemic lack of accountability and inadequate discipline allows these incidents to continue to happen . And now , in the wake of Garner 's death , Bratton and the New York Police Department are responding in the same way they always have -- pledges of more training . It 's not training that will prevent this from happening again . We need accountability for all officers involved that sends a message that this type of brutality is unacceptable and the lives of people of color are equally valued . Systemic cultural and substantive policy changes in police departments -- particularly in New York -- are needed to ensure black and brown communities are not targeted with overly aggressive , discriminatory "  broken windows policing " and "  stop and frisk " policies that promote brutality and violence . Officers should work to understand the communities they work in , not criminalize them . Police-community relations can only start to improve when individual officers who abuse civilians ' rights are held accountable with a zero-tolerance policy for police brutality . Anything less is just rhetoric , and I fear that these unjust deaths will continue with more families and communities suffering the same pain .	Like unarmed Eric Garner , Iris Baez 's son was killed by police in an illegal chokehold There 's been an uproar after an officer in Missouri shot and killed an unarmed Michael Brown Iris Baez : Police who kill unarmed people of color often get away with slap on wrist Baez : Justice and good community relations call for zero tolerance for police brutality
CNN  -- The caller thought to be at the center of a phony threat that forced a US Airways flight to return to Philadelphia has been federally charged for the hoax , authorities said Friday . Kenneth W. Smith Jr. , 26 , is accused of "  knowingly engaging in conduct with intent to convey false and misleading information , " after allegedly making a Thursday morning phone call to police , reporting a false threat about a passenger with "  liquid explosive " aboard Flight 1267 . The Philadelphia resident has since been arrested and could face up to 10 years in prison , $ 250,000 in fines and possible restitution , according to federal prosecutors . The suspected passenger , Christopher Shell , was briefly detained Thursday , though no explosives were found . Smith said his motive was to "  avenge " Shell 's ex-girlfriend , because Shell had "  posted a compromising picture of her on Facebook , " according to an affidavit . A passenger told CNN affiliate WPVI that federal agents boarded the plane , drew their weapons on Shell , pulled him out of his seat and quickly removed him from the plane . Authorities say the Airbus A319 , which was carrying 69 passengers , was cleared after all passengers were removed . Shell later boarded a second Dallas-bound flight Thursday , but he was again greeted by police when he landed . The 29-year-old birthday celebrant was arrested for unrelated outstanding warrants , said David Magana , a spokesman for Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport . It was not immediately clear if Shell has been charged . Neither Shell nor Smith could be reached for comment . Teen with Down syndrome stopped from boarding plane Kudos for thoughtful fliers with babies No need to look like a slob in flight CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Kenneth W. Smith Jr. has been arrested and could face up to 10 years in prison He 's accused of "  engaging in conduct with intent to convey false and misleading information " He allegedly reported a false threat in a Thursday morning phone call to police Airport spokesman says target of the threat was arrested for unrelated outstanding warrants
The Frisky  -- We reached out to readers nationwide to see what issues are absolutely non-negotiable and which situations are no-budge when it comes to looking for a potential partner . We received hundred of replies and compiled them into a list of greatest hits , if you will . So , when it comes to giving that new relationship a shot , or making the most of a long-term one , here are the 10 most common non-negotiable issues to consider . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 1 . Physical Affection . We 've got a bunch of avid huggers , kissers , cuddlers , and lovers out there . 2 . Honesty . It sounds like a platitude , but honesty really is so dang important . For the sake of this list , I am lumping "  faithfulness , " "  loyalty , " and "  dependability " into this category because I think they fall under the giant honesty umbrella . The Frisky : 25 signs he is not relationship material 3 . Sense of Humor . We like to laugh our way through life . Bwahahahah ! 4 . Respect . What 's the point of trying to build a solid relationship if respect is not the foundation ? If anyone knows , please share . 5 . Kids . Kids are a hot list item for many of us . Either we want them or we do n't . But , most importantly , we want someone who feels the same way about wanting or not wanting rug rats . The Frisky : Why celebs cheat in their relationships 6 . Active . So I take it most of us do n't want a partner who sits around looking at the internet all day ? I am saddened , but I suppose I can forgive you for wanting a mate who will log off for an hour to go to the gym . 7 . Simpatico Political / Religious Beliefs . Having a significant other with similar religious/political beliefs certainly does give you way less to engage in embittered debates about . The Frisky : 7 things guys say that spell trouble 8 . Financial Stability . Financial idiots not welcome here . If you want to get serious with us , learn how to balance your checkbook and then we can talk . 9 . Open . Open to new experiences . Open to change . Open to life . We like our people open , not closed . 10 . Ambition . We like a potential mate to have a little fire under their a ** when it comes to grabbing the brass ring . The Frisky : 7 chubby celebrity men who slimmed down TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	"  The Frisky " readers on what issues in a relationship are absolutely non-negotiable Readers want someone who feels the same way about having kids Faithfulness , loyalty , and dependability all fall under the honesty umbrella Having ambition and financial stability is important
CNN  -- A civilian boarded a U.S. Navy destroyer at the world 's largest naval base , took a gun from a Navy guard and used it to fatally shoot a sailor before security personnel shot and killed him Monday night , Naval Station Norfolk 's commanding officer told reporters Tuesday . The shooting happened at about 11:20 p.m. aboard the USS Mahan , which was docked at the Virginia base 's Pier 1 , Capt. Robert Clark said . The civilian -- a man -- had credentials to be at the base and the pier , having "  worked at the installation at a previous time , " Clark said . He added he believed the credentials did "  not necessarily " allow him to be on the ship , and that investigators were trying to determine whether he had a current assignment at the base . The names of the people involved in the shooting were not immediately released . The Navy was trying to inform the sailor 's family about his death , Clark said . The man was approaching the quarterdeck when sailors working security confronted him , Clark said . During a struggle , the man disarmed the petty officer of the watch , he said . He used the petty officer 's gun to shoot and kill a different sailor who had come to help , Clark said . "  Naval Security Forces then killed the suspect , " Clark said . Clark emphasized that the man was not armed when he entered the base . Clark said he did n't know why the man was there Monday night , and he did n't provide details about the nature of his previous work at the base . The civilian had credentials to be on the base but breached security to get on the ship , a U.S. defense official told CNN earlier Tuesday , speaking on condition of anonymity . Naval Station Norfolk was briefly locked down after the shooting . Clark said officials would examine the base 's security procedures because of the shooting . Washington Navy Yard shooter raised concern previously , but military said it was n't told CNN 's Tina Burnside and Jonathan Helman contributed to this report .	Civilian had ID to get on base but breached security to board ship , official says Shooting occurred on the destroyer USS Mahan , commanding officer says The incident happened at Pier 1 of Naval Station Norfolk in Virginia Official : Shooting happened after civilian took gun from sailor who was on guard duty
CNN  -- Sid Meier is the director of creative development at Firaxis Games . But to millions , he 's better known as the "  Father of Computer Gaming . " Now , the designer of "  Civilization " is ready to take over a completely new world -- social gaming on the pages of Facebook . "  Civilization " is one of the most popular computer strategy games of all time , and has spawned several versions and updates over the past 20 years . The game allows players to build and develop their own cities , countries and civilizations across the expanse of time . It has sold millions of copies and drawn in fans from around the world who are involved , vocal and loyal . From its beginning in 1991 to its most recent edition , last year 's "  Civilization V , " Meier said it has been a strong , connected community that has kept the game strong . "  Players have continued to respond to the game in spite of how far technology has come , in spite of how the world has changed , in spite of how the demographics of game players have changed , " Meier said . "  Each game starts out in a brand new world  and is  probably going to go off in a different direction than your last game . You 've never really exhausted the possibilities of the game . " While the game primarily has remained a PC game over the years , Meier took his creation to consoles in 2008 with "  Civilization Revolution . " The game retained many of the PC version 's features , but made them available to a new set of fans -- those who enjoy console and mobile gaming . "  We 've seen console games getting more strategic , having more depth . It felt like , both in terms of the technology and also where players were , that they would respond to having a strategy type game on their console . " Fans and critics who enjoyed the fast playability and ease of control warmly received the game . Long-time fans bemoaned the simplicity of the console version , but it won 2008 's Best Strategy Game award from the British Academy Video Games Awards . Now , Meier is ready to take to the pages of Facebook with an incarnation of the franchise called "  Civilization World . " Developers hope to have the game up and running this summer . "  It 's been the most dramatic stretch for the game , I 'd have to say , so far , " he said . "  We really were n't looking to make a quote-unquote ` Facebook game ' , " he said . "  We were looking at what does Facebook bring us that is unique , that we can leverage and take advantage of with ` Civilization ' - style game play . " Meier said there were things that a Facebook game can offer Civ players over a traditional PC game . Connections with friends and a world with potentially hundreds of millions of players provided fuel for the development team to re-imagine the classic strategy game . "  What was really intriguing to us was being able to emphasize cooperative game play , which was something that really had n't been a major part of ` Civilization ' up to now , " he said . "  A lot of our design in ` Civ World ' was taking advantage and using these opportunities for players to work together -- teamwork , communication , planning . Those are all the things that become really important to ` Civ World . ' " Meier points out that a typical "  Civilization " multiplayer game can easily span 12 or more continuous hours , whereas a Facebook game will take place in stops and starts over days and week . He said pacing and having to work with other people would be the biggest adjustments for PC "  Civilization " players . Playing at different times in the day , Meier said , "  fundamentally changes the mechanics of the game because if you are not there at the same time as other players , there needs to be ways of leaving messages , ways of communicating Things have to happen at a pace where everybody can be included . So that fundamentally changes the pacing and the mechanisms of the game . " Meier said all the game 's traditional pieces -- science , economy , military , culture -- will be in "  Civilization World . " "  You can do those things yourself but you 'll be most effective -- science , for example -- if a couple of people are researching the same technology then that technology will be discovered more quickly and you can all use it . " In the Facebook game , a world will consist of 200 people , all vying for supremacy . The goal remains the same as previous "  Civilization " games -- to build an empire that will stand the test of time . "  You have your own city to manage and you can do all kinds of stuff  on your own  , " Meier said . "  However , the most successful players will be those that can also work together with other players . " Unlike other Facebook games  oh , let 's say "  Farmville "  , "  Civilization World " will have a beginning and an end . Players who succeed will be rewarded , and then another game can start . The game will also look different from its PC counterparts . "  We 're dealing with Flash . We 're dealing with browsers , dealing with kind of a whole different technology than we are with PCs . It is not your standard PC ` Civ ' look by any means . " He said designing a Facebook game does give them the ability to update things really quickly because players are essentially downloading the whole game every time they play . He said they will be taking a look at feedback and making adjustments and providing new stuff frequently . Meier says he 's excited about the prospects of social gaming , but thinks its full potential has n't yet been reached . "  The future is really out there , but I think we are at the very beginning of exploring the possibilities of social gaming , " he said . "  It is not like I can see the end and know where this is going . " He said that , ultimately , gamers will decide whether social gaming will stand the test of time alongside consoles and PCs . "  It 's just one more place to experience games , " he said . "  Games are really taking over the world . "	Sid Meier designed "  Civilization , " one of the most popular computer strategy games ever The game allows players to build and develop their own cities , countries and civilizations Meier is ready to take on the social gaming network
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The Taliban claimed responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack Sunday that targeted a NATO convoy in northern Afghanistan 's Kunduz province , killing at least three people and wounding 11 , a spokesman for the provincial governor 's office said . The attack came a day after Afghan President Hamid Karzai said the United States was involved in peace talks with the Taliban . U.S. officials have downplayed Karzai 's statements , saying there had been contact but no discussions substantial enough to be considered negotiations . "  I would say that these contacts are very preliminary at this point , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said in an interview broadcast Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " The State Department is carrying out the contacts with the Taliban , which have been going on for "  a few weeks , maybe , " Gates said . He added that the Taliban must come under further military pressure from the U.S.-led international military force and Afghan government forces before any substantive talks will occur . "  My own view is that real reconciliation talks are not likely to be able to make any substantive headway until at least this winter , " Gates said in the interview conducted on Saturday . "  I think that the Taliban have to feel themselves under military pressure , and begin to believe that they ca n't win before they 're willing to have a serious conversation . " News of the talks has done little to stem attacks in Afghanistan . On Sunday , a suicide bomber detonated a car full of explosives just as a convoy driven by German soldiers passed , said the governor 's spokesman , Mahbobellah Saidi . The convoy was attacked on the road leading to the airport in Kunduz City , the provincial capital , the Ministry of Interior said in a written statement . Two German soldiers sustained minor injuries , according to the German military . The target of the attack was unclear . Two armored vehicles were damaged and are in the process of being recovered , a military spokesman said . It was not immediately clear whether there were NATO casualties , though one of the convoy vehicles was damaged , Saidi said . But the Taliban claimed to have killed many soldiers in the attack . "  The troops were targeted accurately , according to the plan , and many of the soldier have been killed as a result of the attack , " Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mojahed told CNN by telephone from an unknown location . CNN can not independently verify the Taliban claim nor Saidi 's account . On Saturday , four NATO service members were killed in combat-related incidents in eastern and southern Afghanistan , and another four were killed in a vehicle accident in southern Afghanistan , NATO said . ISAF has not released the names of those killed , saying its policy is to defer casualty identification procedures to national authorities . CNN 's Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	Gates says U.S. contacts with the Taliban are preliminary The Taliban says it targeted German troops in a suicide car bombing Officials : Those confirmed killed or wounded are civilians The attack comes after the Afghan president said the U.S. is in peace talks with the Taliban
CNN  -- It 's described as the ` Everest of sailing ' -- a testing 39000 nautical mile challenge that takes crews through some of the most perilous waters in the world . The Volvo Ocean Race is in its first weeks of competition , an adventure that will last nine months . At the beginning of this month , six crews set off on the first leg of the grueling race in Alicante , Spain . Their journey will take them across the globe via the ports of Cape Town , Abu Dhabi , Sanya , Auckland , ItajaÃ , Miami , Lisbon , and Lorient -- eventually finishing in Galway , Ireland in July next year . It 's predicted millions of people will flock to the shorelines when the boats enter the ports . The event 's growing popularity is parallel to the increasing professionalism that surrounds the race , and shows just how much it has changed since it began 38 years ago . "  Our main concern was survival in the first race , " says Alec Honey , who competed in 1973-74 , when the event begun . It was known as The Whitbred Round the World Race and featured 17 yachts competing on what was then a 27,000 mile contest . Although the course was shorter , the journey was much slower and meant that sailors spent a lot more time at sea . Then the crew 's comfort was considered . There was space for sailors to play cards during the down times and guitars were brought on board for night time sing-a-longs . Erik Pascoli , who skippered ` Tauranga ' in 1973-74 , remembers how on some yachts crates of beer were even included in the supplies so the sailors could enjoy a drink . "  I remember the way the boats were loaded with pallets of beers when in other circumstances even an extra roll of toilet paper would have been a scandal . " In modern racing , speed is the driving force behind every design decision . The record for the fastest day was set in 2008 , when the Ericsson 4 traveled 687 miles in 24 hours . In the early days of the race 's history , 200 miles was considered a very good day . But while it may have been slower , in 1973 the crews relied on their wits for survival . There was no satellite information -- the first they knew of a storm was when they were in it . "  Our instrument of navigation was n't so far from James Cook 's times , " says Pascoli . Even some former competitors admit they were crazy to embark on such an adventure , particularly when it comes to sailing in the southern ocean . "  We knew there were whales , we knew there were icebergs , we knew there were storms , " says Peter Lunde , the skipper of the 1981-82 entrant ` Berge Viking ' . "  We prepared ourselves to cope with it . We were very happy to get around with a full crew . " Despite all the advances in technology , competitors at sea now are still faced with plenty of danger . "  Down there you are pretty much running on luck anyway , " explains Mike Sanderson , who is this year captaining ` Team Sanya ' . "  You 're blasting along . You know it would only take a piece of ice the size of a small car to tear the bottom out of the boat and you 're not going to see that with any technology in the world . " Five sailors have lost their lives competing in the race , including three in the first edition . Participants are all too aware that the dangers of the event are very real . "  It 's easy to say that winning the race is the priority , " says Ken Read , skipper of ` Puma Ocean Racing , powered by BERG ' . "  But our number one priority is everybody coming home . " The determination and courageous spirit of the yachtsman has remained unchanged throughout the past four decades . Organizers say it 's one of the most demanding team sporting events in the world , with participants this time around set to face countless challenges in the months ahead like their predecessors . Sailors will experience temperatures ranging from minus five degrees Celsius to 40-plus degrees . No fresh food is taken on board , only freeze dried goods are eaten by crewmen and woman , who are also unlikely to get sufficient sleep while competing . While many of the personal challenges faced by competitors are similar , one thing that is significantly different is the professionalism of the event . "  When you reach this echelon in this sport -- the upper echelon -- you get paid pretty well for doing something like this , " says Read . Multi-million dollar sponsorship deals have been signed on on all six boats as well as the event itself . There is greater media attention that follows the race , bringing a valuable global audience . In each port , separate small races are being held , giving the teams the opportunity to win points , and the event the chance to win over more spectators . In Alicante , several events such as concerts were held to coincide with the start of the race , and more are due to be held in the other ports . "  We 're in the entertainment business , without entertaining all these guys there is nothing , " explains Read . But the lucrative sponsorship deals have not taken away the spirit of adventure . "  There 's not a lot of commercialism at 2am when your spinnaker is out the back of the boat and you are lying on your side , " says two-times race winner Grant Dalton . "  No matter what you do with it . . you can never destroy adventure , icebergs , waves , cold and no sleep . You will never destroy the adventure that started this race in 1973 . "	The Volvo Ocean Race is 39000 nautical miles long It began in 1973 , then called The Whitbred Round the World race Six crews left Alicante , Spain earlier this month on the first leg
Tokyo  CNN  It 's a bird -- It 's a plane -- It 's an insanely fast Japanese bullet train . A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour  374 miles per hour  on an experimental track in Yamanashi Tuesday , setting a decisive new world record . A spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers per hour , during which it covered 1.8 kilometers  1.1 miles  . That 's nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences . Takeo Ookanda , who runs an exhibition center next to the test track , said witnesses erupted with excitement and applause when the new record was set . "  I was moved just like many other visitors here today , " he told CNN . "  This maglev project ...  increases  the hope that Japan can have a good growth again in the future . " The train broke its own record from last Thursday , when it ran at 590 kilometers per hour  366 miles per hour  on a test track . That beat the old record of 581 kilometers per hour  361 miles per hour  , which was set in 2003 during another Japanese maglev test . Right now , China operates the world 's fastest commercial maglev , which has hit 431 kilometers per hour  268 miles per hour  on a route through Shanghai . By contrast , the fastest train in the United States , Amtrak 's Acela Express , is only capable of 241 kilometers per hour  150 miles per hour  , though it usually plods along at half that speed . Unlike traditional trains , maglev trains work by using magnets to push the train away from the tracks and drive the train forward . Japan 's maglevs do n't use metal tracks -- instead , they float nearly 10 cm  4 inches  above special guideways , allowing for frictionless movement . Japan Railways has been testing their train to figure out the best operational speed for a planned route between Tokyo and Nagoya , scheduled to begin service in 2027 . That trip can take nearly 5 hours by car . But in the future , a maglev train could finish the journey in 40 minutes . READ MORE : The future of transportation will blow your hair back CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed reporting .	Japanese maglev train sets new speed record : 603 kilometers per hour The train is planned to begin service in 2027
CNN  -- A billion messages are sent on Twitter every 2Â 1/2 days . That 's three for every man , woman and child in the United States . Sure , the vast majority of tweets have n't made history . But there have been no shortage of big moments for Twitter since its debut more than seven years ago . That 's part of the reason Twitter has become a digital watercooler of sorts for global conversations around live TV events such as elections , the Oscars or the Super Bowl . With news that Twitter has filed to become a publicly traded company , we took a look back at some of the key moments from its brief history . From celebrity-driven milestones to political downfalls to tweets from space , they 've been as diverse as the more than 200 million people who now use the site . May we present seven years of famous , and infamous , tweets and Twitterers : March 2006 -- The first-ever tweet was posted by co-founder Jack Dorsey as part of an internal messaging system for Odeo , the podcasting company where Dorsey , Biz Stone and Evan Williams worked at the time . It said simply , "  just setting up my twttr . " July 2006 -- The full version of Twitter was introduced publicly on July 15 , although Twitter did n't spin off into its own company until the next year . March 2007 -- Although not yet mainstream , Twitter exploded in popularity among early adopters at the South By Southwest Interactive festival in Austin , Texas . In a clever move , the company placed large screens in conference hallways that displayed live tweets about SXSW events . Buzz quickly grew , and by the end of the week , daily Twitter usage had tripled . April 2008 -- In an early example of the power of Twitter , an American graduate student used the service to alert his friends that he had been arrested at an anti-government protest in Mahalla , Egypt . After mounting pressure , authorities released him from jail the next day . January 2009 -- A US Airways plane with 155 people on board made a miraculous emergency landing on the Hudson River after striking a bird during takeoff . An eyewitness tweeted out a widely shared photo of passengers waiting on the plane 's wing to be rescued , cementing Twitter 's status as a real-time , news-gathering tool . April 2009 -- Actor Ashton Kutcher narrowly outpaces CNN to become the first Twitter user with 1 million followers . June 2009 -- After a disputed election in Iran , thousands of people took to the streets of Tehran in protest . The Iranian government cracked down on media reports about the protests , so demonstrators took to Twitter to get the word out , inspiring the phrase , "  Twitter Revolution . " August 2009 -- Justin Halpern was amused by his father 's blunt wisecracks so he created a Twitter account called "  Sh*t My Dad Says . " Within months he had millions of followers and a book deal , which led to a short-lived CBS sitcom , "  $ # * ! My Dad Says , " starring William Shatner . January 2010 -- Astronaut Timothy Creamer sent the first live tweet from space under his account , Astro_TJ . It said : "  Hello Twitterverse ! We r now LIVE tweeting from the International Space Station â $ " the 1st live tweet from Space ! : More soon , send your ? s. " April 2010 -- The Library of Congress announces plans to archive every public tweet on Twitter . January 2011 -- Twitter and Facebook play a key role in "  Arab Spring " uprisings as people in Tunisa , Egypt , Syria , Libya and other countries used the social networks to message each other and organize protests . March 2011 -- Within minutes of news reports about an Egyptian cobra escaping from its enclosure at the Bronx Zoo , an anonymous jokester created a witty Twitter account that imagined the freed snake sightseeing its way around New York City .  Sample tweet : "  Leaving Wall Street . These guys make my skin crawl . "  The account quickly amassed more than 100,000 followers and heralded a new wave of parody Twitter feeds . May 2011 -- Sohaib Athar , an IT consultant in Abbottabad , Pakistan , unwittingly live tweeted the U.S. Navy Seals ' raid that killed Osama bin Laden after spotting helicopters hovering over his neighborhood . He later tweeted , "  Uh oh , now I 'm the guy who liveblogged the Osama raid without knowing it . " June 2011 -- U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner resigned in disgrace after confessing to sending lewd photos of himself to women on Twitter . Weiner may never get the hang of this Twitter thing : His ill-fated New York mayoral bid was derailed this month by similar revelations . June 2012 -- NASA landed a rover , Curiosity , safely on Mars and began exploring the Red Planet while beaming updates to Earthlings via a clever and educational Twitter account . Today it has 1.4 million followers . November 2012 -- President Obama acknowledged his successful re-election with a tweeted image of him embracing his wife , Michelle , and the words "  Four more years . " With almost 800,000 retweets , it became the most-shared tweet ever . November 2012 -- The Israel Defence Forces live-tweeted its rocket attacks against Hamas in Gaza , including a photo of a Hamas leader it claimed to have kllled . Some observers saw it as the first time a military conflict was chronicled in real time on social media . December 2012 -- Pope Benedict XVI joined Twitter as @Pontifex , becoming the first pontiff to do so . His successor , Pope Francis , has continued the papal account , which now has almost 3 million followers for the English language account , and 3.7 for the Spanish Twitter handle , @Pontifex_es . January 2013 -- Twitter users in Japan and Korea set a record by posting 33,388 tweets per second in their time zone as the New Year dawned on January 1 . January 2013 -- Justin Bieber dethroned fellow pop star Lady Gaga to become the most followed person on Twitter . The Biebs now has more than 44 million followers . January 2013 -- Twitter launched Vine , an app that lets users shoot and share 6-second looping videos . It has since acquired more than 13 million followers , who fill their followers ' feeds with delightfully strange video creations . February 2013 -- The Super Bowl was already one of Twitter 's annual high points , when would-be wits unleashed some of their best 140-character one-liners . But this year , when a racy Beyonce halftime show was followed by a 35-minute power outage , things went into overdrive . At the peak , there were more than 268,000 tweets per minute -- and more than 24 million for the entire game . April 2013 -- Hackers from the Syrian Electronic Army took over the Associated Press Twitter account and posted "  Breaking : Two Explosions in the White House and Barack Obama is injured . " It was one of the most high-profile Twitter hacks to date and had far-reaching ramifications . The Dow Jones Industrial Average plummeted dramatically before rebounding when the hoax was exposed . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Twitter has filed to become a publicly traded company The first tweet was sent in 2006 ; co-founder Jack Dorsey called it "  Twttr " In 2009 , Ashton Kutcher beat CNN 's breaking news feed to 1 million followers This year 's Super Bowl peaked at 268,000 tweets per minute
CNN  -- Somalia 's new president , Hassan Sheikh Mohamud , escaped an apparent assassination attempt in the capital , Mogadishu , on Wednesday , just two days after being selected as the troubled country 's new leader . According to a presidential press officer and several journalists at the scene , early indications are that the attack was carried out by two suicide bombers who set off explosives at the gates of the Jazeera Palace Hotel , where the president was having high-level meetings . At least four Somali government soldiers and one African Union soldier were killed in the attack , according to journalists at the scene . CNN affiliate KTN reported that Kenyan Foreign Affairs Minister Sam Ongeri was in the hotel at the time of the blast . Mohamud , a political newcomer who has worked for the United Nations and several other international organizations , was voted in by Somali lawmakers Monday . Somalia picks political newcomer as president in landmark vote His election marked a milestone for the nation , which plunged into chaos after dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown 21 years ago . Following his ouster , clan warlords and militants battled for control , sparking a civil war and mayhem nationwide . Somalia has not had an effective central government since then and has mostly remained under a shaky transitional federal government . On Tuesday , the Islamic militant group Al-Shabaab , which has been fighting to overthrow the authorities , released a statement dismissing the elections and calling them a Western plot . It vowed to oppose the newly named government . Al-Shabaab "  does not regard the so called elections as being in the interests of the Somali people . They represent Western interests , and interests of their agents in the region , " the statement said .	Somalia 's new leader escapes an apparent assassination attempt in Mogadishu At least four Somali soldiers and one African Union soldier were killed , witnesses say Two suicide bombers appear to have carried out the hotel attack , witnesses say Hassan Sheikh Mohamud was voted in by Somali lawmakers Monday
CNN  -- It may have been a vicious murder or the unintentional result of a lover 's quarrel . Either way , the death of a Texas college professor stands out for the weapon the killer allegedly used : one of her own stilettos . Ana Lilia Trujillo , 44 , is charged with murder for striking Alf Stefan Andersson "  with a deadly weapon , namely a shoe , " Houston police say in the official complaint against her . Andersson , a research professor from the University of Houston , had 10 puncture wounds on his head -- some as deep as an inch and a half -- and 15 to 20 puncture wounds along his face , arms , and neck , prosecutors say , according to CNN affiliate KTRK . Trujillo remains in jail , with bail set at $ 100,000 . When police arrived at Andersson 's apartment on Sunday , Trujillo , who had recently worked as a massage therapist , answered the door with blood on her clothes and hands ; Andersson was lying in the hallway face up , with a stiletto by his head , KTRK reported , citing court records . Trujillo had recently moved in with Andersson , and she told investigators that he grabbed her , and a struggle followed , KTRK reported . An official cause of death has not been determined , the Harris County Institute of Forensic Sciences told CNN . It was not immediately known who Trujillo 's attorney will be . CNN could not immediately reach a relative of Trujillo . Trujillo has said in the past that "  if anybody ever messed with her , " she 'd get them with her shoe -- "  a big stiletto heel , " Jim Carroll , former manager of a motel where Trujillo lived , told KTRK . In a prepared statement , the University of Houston said it was "  saddened to learn of the tragic death of Professor Stefan Andersson . Our hearts go out to his colleagues , family and friends during this difficult time . " He was a full-time research professor at the school 's Center for Nuclear Receptor and Cell Signaling . CNN 's Brian Carberry and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Bail for Texas woman is set at $ 100,000 Police say the deadly weapon she used was a shoe Investigators found a stiletto next to the victim , CNN affiliate KTRK reports The woman says the man grabbed her and a struggle ensued , according to KTRK
Mention Nepal and most people think snow-capped scenes , of 7,000-meter mountains and the climbers raring to conquer them . Is there much to the country beyond its mighty Himalayan peaks ? Yes . Thankfully , for those who do n't consider it a vacation to hike for days , eat out of tins and do their business in a hole in the ground , it 's possible to "  do " Nepal without scaling anything . Here are six ways to experience mountain country minus the mountain climbing . In search of the inner Buddha Who knew a hum could be so infectious ? The ubiquitous Buddhist mantra of "  Om Mani Padme Hum " fills every monastery , shop and establishment in Nepal . For embracing the spirituality that 's woven into this little mountain nation , Boudhanath -- Kathmandu 's thriving Buddhist enclave and a UNESCO World Heritage site -- is a good place to start . The circular complex pulsates with the energy of chanting monks and Buddhist devotees . It might be a peaceful place of worship , but it 's a riot of color . The ivory and yellow stupa in the center is wreathed in rainbow-hued prayer flags . Maroon-clad monks walk clockwise around the stupa , turning prayer wheels with their right hand , and lighting lamps . Anyone can join in , provided they remember to walk clockwise . Scattered along the back alleys in radial , unnamed roads , other smaller , incense-filled monasteries such as the Jamchen Lhakhang and Shechen Monastery are pockets of calm . In the large courtyard of Shechen , young monks in training sit with their books and smartphones , eager to take photos with visitors . In a ring around the stupa , little shops are crammed with singing bowls and thangka religious paintings . Rooftop restaurants like Cafe du Temple or Stupa View offers great view of the stupa . An hour 's bus ride away from Kathmandu , visitors can spend a weekend at the guesthouse adjacent to Neydo Tashi Choeling Monastery to immerse themselves in Tibetan Buddhism , meditate in the Himalayas and find out what it 's like to live with 200 monks . The money from paying guests helps fund the monastery . Neydo Tashi Choeling Monastery Guest House , Pharping , Kathmandu ; +977 1 692 4606 ; double bed from $ 70 per night Cafe du Temple , Boudhanath , Patan Durbar Square  south of Krishna Mandir  , Kathmandu ; +977 1 214 3256 Stupa View , 10 meters from the Boudhanath stupa , Patan Durbar Square , Kathmandu ; +977 1 491 4962 Chill out at the end of the universe "  Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy " author Douglas Adams probably never dreamed his influence would be felt 2,200 meters up a Himalayan mountain in Nepal . In Nagarkot -- a village 30 kilometers from Kathmandu that sits quietly above the clouds -- the Hotel at the End of the Universe sits atop its own mountain with 180-degree views of terraced farms and the 7,000-meter peaks of the Annapurna and Langtang ranges . "  The name is inspired by -LSB- ` Hitchhikers ' sequel -RSB- ` Restaurant at the End of the Universe ' , " says the splendidly monikered Oasis Bhaju , who 's been running the place for the past 18 years . "  The hippies were here many years ago , " says Bhaju . "  Someone suggested this name to my father saying it would bring him good luck . I think people like it because it reminds them of Douglas Adams ' book . " There 's more than just the familiar name . On a clear day , the hotel offers a majestic view of the sunrise over Mount Everest . Low-roofed wooden rooms look out on hazy blue mountains poking up through the mist : the Ganesh Himal and Manasulu , to name a few . In the evening , over a Khukri rum or two with the super friendly hotel staff , guests can sometimes jam with them on their didgeridoos and djembes . Hotel at the End of the Universe , near Mahankal Temple , Nagarkot : +977 1 622 6500 ; standard room from $ 24 per night Drink like a local Nepalis like their booze , and they like it strong . While the words "  khukri "  the curved Nepalese dagger  and "  gorkha "  named for the fierce soldiers  may conjure images of fierce soldiers brandishing razor-edge machetes , in Nepal they hold the promise of a good time . Gorkha also gives its name to a bitter and heavy brand of Nepalese beer . Khukri is the local dark rum . Neither are for the easily intoxicated . Everest , a milder local brand of beer , goes down easier . One of the best places to rock out with the locals is at Purple Haze in Kathmandu 's tourist-filled Thamel district . Most nights see a band belting out Hendrix and Led Zep covers to a dance floor rammed with locals letting their hair down . Khukri-induced courage might be needed to bust out some smooth moves among the expat and local crowd at Tuesday salsa nights at Tamarind in southern Kathmandu 's Lalitpur district . Purple Haze , Paryatan Marg , Thamel , Kathmandu +977 984 118 1699 Tamarind , Pulchowk , Lalitpur ; Kathmandu +977 1 552 2626 Make some momos Any Nepali restaurant worth its spicy chutney is bathed in the scent of steamed momos , Nepal 's version of dim sum , and hot thukpa noodle soup . Visitors may weary of them while in Nepal , but are sure to miss them when they leave . So how to cure those post-travel momo cravings ? Social Tours offers momo-making lessons at a produce market close to its Thamel kitchen . The market is a good place to stock up on ingredients including flour for the dough , veggies or chicken , but it 's also a great place to see everyday Nepali life . "  Classes usually last two to three hours , but it really depends on the clients ' speed , " says Anura Rai , local trips consultant at Social Tours . Local women teach students how to make dough from scratch , get the proportions right , fold the dumplings into little bite-sized pockets and then whip up mean peanut and chili sauces to service with them . "  Folding is quite difficult , clients take time to learn , " says Anura . "  It 's an art and we teach them how to do it . " Travelers choose what to pay depending on the experience they 've had . Social tours , two classes held in Thamel daily from Monday-Saturday , 10:30 a.m. and 2:30 p.m. ; pay what you like ; +977 1 441 2508 Be immersed in history and architecture A paradise for history and architecture buffs , centuries-old traditional buildings dominate the durbar squares -- the plazas that form the ancient centers of Kathmandu . Patan , Kathmandu and Bhaktapur Durbar Squares , all listed as UNESCO World Heritage Sites , echo a slower time , with old men in traditional caps playing cards on wood and brick plinths . The 17th-century Royal Palace stands on Patan Durbar Square . Its three courtyards , Sundari Chowk , Mul Chowk and Mani Keshav Narayan Chowk , were once home to Malla Dynasty kings . Scattered around it are temples . Some , like the pagoda-style Golden Temple , the shikhara-style Krishna temple with 21 gold pinnacles and the Kumbheshwar Temple with its five-tier roof , date from the 12th century . Often , a Nepali wedding takes place amid the crowds . The Kumari -- a young girl given worshipped as an incarnation of the Hindu goddess , Taleju , for the duration of her childhood -- sometimes makes an appearance at the Durbar Square 's Kumari Chowk , where she lives . Enjoy cafe culture It 's been pulling in an eclectic range of global visitors since the days when it was established as a way station on the hippie trail , so it should n't be a surprise that Nepal has a burgeoning international food scene . Wafer-thin wood fired pizzas and tangy flavors from the Middle East are as easy to come by as local dal bhat  rice and lentils  and momos . Dhokaima in Lalitpur is a favorite with travelers for its leafy garden setting . The house special is the Nepali lamb kebab thali -- meat cooked slowly until falling off the bone , served with rice and veggies . The dish is best with a Coffee Puff , a concoction of rum and Kahlua . At New Orleans Cafe in Jhamsikhel , jazz comes with an American-style breakfast . A local musician starts the day with Nepali morning ragas on his flute , before seamlessly transitioning to Dave Brubeck 's "  Take Five . " Dhokaima , Patan Dhoka , Lalitpur Nepal ; +977 1 55 22113 New Orleans Cafe , Jhamsikhel ; +977 1 55 22708	Nepal is n't just a climbing destination but home to cool cafes , Buddhist traditions and unique architecture Apart from turning the prayer wheels at Boudhanath stupa , there are less touristy temples nearby Purple Haze is one of the best places to rock out in Kathmandu , fueled by local drinks like Khurki and Gorkha The three UNESCO World Heritage-listed Durban Squares are home to centuries-old traditional architecture
CNN  -- Phhhhht ! Blllttt ! That 's the sound of the whoopee cushion that Leslie Nielsen placed on the chairs of his co-workers while filming the first "  Naked Gun " movie . I was on the set one day during the shoot , working on a feature for the L.A. Daily News -- a day punctuated by loud , gassy-sounding eruptions , often followed by Nielsen cackling insanely at his juvenile pranks . Yep , Leslie Nielsen , who died yesterday at the age of 84 , was that kind of guy . A jokester inside a leading man 's body . A straight man with comedic instincts . Someone who always knew he was basically Chuckles the Clown , but did n't get to prove it until he 'd been a working actor for nearly 30 years . So while we 're chuckling , as we go about our lives today , at the very thought of bumbling Lt. Frank Drebin , and all those other clueless wonders he so effortlessly portrayed , let us give thanks that Nielsen got the chance to show us his comedic chops . We are all the richer , and happier , for it . Actually , let 's thank those ZAZ guys -- Jerry Zucker , David Zucker and Jim Abrahams -- the co-directors of the 1980 film "  Airplane , " who cast the Canadian actor against type as a dumber-than-dirt doctor , whose response to the line "  Surely you ca n't be serious " was the classic "  I am serious , and do n't call me Shirley . " The exchange is so famous , it popped up at No. 79 on the American Film Institute 's list of Top 100 Movie Quotes . Leslie Nielsen dead at 84 From that point on , Nielsen -- who had been making a living as a handsome , but rather stiff , leading man in such films as "  Forbidden Planet , " "  Tammy and the Bachelor " and "  The Poseidon Adventure " -- had found his calling . Or , as he put it when people questioned casting him in "  Airplane " : "  I 've always been cast against type before . " "  Airplane , " of course , led to the short-lived but much beloved TV series "  Police Squad , " with Nielsen as the utterly bewildered Frank Drebin . Despite its failure on the tube , the ZAZ guys , seeing its real potential , restructured it as a feature film , 1988 's "  The Naked Gun , " which was so successful it spawned two sequels . In all these films , and such later work as "  Spy Hard , " "  Dracula : Dead and Loving It " and "  All I want for Christmas , " the Nielsen style rapidly became famous : a combination of physical pratfalls , straight-faced delivery , and absurd dialogue aimed straight at 14-year-olds -- and adults who quickly rediscovered the 14-year-old within . iReport : Share your memories of Leslie Nielsen "  It 's true what they say , " says Drebin in a typically ridiculous comment from "  The Naked Gun . " "  Cops and women do n't mix . It 's like eating a spoonful of Drano ; sure , it 'll clean you out , but it 'll leave you hollow inside . " Always a master at double takes and popeyed wonder , Nielsen was a genius when it came to deadpan . No matter what was happening around him , the elegant-looking , silver-haired actor seemed to be in a world of his own , and that was the point . Obliviousness became his metier , a means and end in itself , an eternally funny comedic riff that Nielsen seemed born to play . He was helped , of course , by the endless non sequiturs in the "  Airplane " and "  Naked Gun " scripts , all heavily influenced by the anarchic lunacy of MAD Magazine . But Nielsen 's gift was that , unlike comic actors who might give a wink-wink , nudge-nudge to lines like "  It 's fourth and 15 and you 're looking at a full court press , " he recited them with a gravity that sounded like it came straight from "  King Lear . " Who could resist ? From drama to comedy , Nielsen made it look easy Certainly not the critics , who appreciated Nielsen 's art , if not always the films he appeared in . Reviewing "  The Naked Gun " in The New York Times , Janet Maslin -- who called the ZAZ comedy style "  proudly sophomoric " -- added that the film had an aura of "  unexpected sophistication , " thanks to the "  dapper presence of Leslie Nielsen who , as Lt. Frank Drebin , manages to bring something heroic to the role of a perfectly oblivious fall guy . " Nielsen , of course , was never really oblivious ; he knew exactly what he was doing every second he was onscreen . But unlike a lot of funny guys , who are actually sober and morose in real life , what you saw with Nielsen was what you got : He really was a goofball . So when we think about the passing of a man who gave us so much to laugh at , what else is there to say but -- Phhhhttttt ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lewis Beale .	Lewis Beale says Leslie Nielsen pulled on-set pranks during "  Naked Gun " shoots Nielsen , who died Sunday , came to goofball roles late in a career of playing stiff characters But he reveled in the new deadpan roles , a master at playing dolts , Beale says Beale : We 're lucky Zucker , Abrahams , Zucker cast him in roles for which he was a natural
London  CNN  -- Niche markets -- such as reusable diapers -- are proving the buffer against recession for some Barcelona-based entrepreneurs . Monste Munoz is the founder of Tucuxi , a small business which specializes in ensuring growing families did not suffer from rising diaper bills . She told CNN 's Richard Quest the company was able to save families significant sums of money . "  We have a key advantage for parents , " she said . "  With the first baby where they have to invest in the cloth nappies they already save 900 euros -LSB- $ 1,665 -RSB- . " Spain : Perils of being ` filthy stinking poor ' She added : "  Another type of customer buys them because of ecological motivations . " The business is powered by three second-hand sewing machines in a tiny workroom , and Monste ensures that any earnings are reinvested back into the company . Barcelona is the capital of the north-eastern region of Catalonia , which accounts for a fifth of the Spanish economy and has the highest gross domestic product of all the Spanish provinces . But Monste says the high labor costs and a lack of bank lending is preventing the expansion of her diaper-based venture , and makes local production uncompetitive . Spain 's next crisis : Regional splits ? At 25 % , Spain has the highest rate of unemployment in Europe , according to Eurostat . And Monste says taxes rather than salaries are responsible for Spain 's jobless problem . "  For every 100 euros I pay a person I have to pay 40 to 50 to the state and that is extremely expensive , " she said . Santa & Cole -- another Barcelona-based firm -- have turned to foreign markets to boost sales . The company -- which specializes in lighting and furniture -- has seen exports more than double from 30 % since 2006 . Santa & Cole President Javier Nieto Santa says that many of small suppliers in the area have gone out of business due to the economic downturn and this is forcing companies to take more risks in order to survive . He said : "  We are not giving up . Spain has done a lot of things properly in the last 15 years . I strongly believe in our country ... We all have to become international . " CNN 's Oliver Joy contributed to this article	Spanish entrepreneurs are keeping afloat by tapping niche markets . At 25 % , Spain has the highest rate of unemployment in Europe , according to Eurostat The north-eastern region of Catalonia accounts for a fifth of the Spanish economy
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Surfers beware . There is an incredibly influential and vocal group on Twitter , using a common hashtag and blazing keyboards to ensure their African country is discussed fairly and with respect online . Kenyans on Twitter , better known as #KOT , are a 21st century phenomenon born out of the social media boom and growing economy in East Africa 's most populous city , Nairobi . Why are they so vocal and what is it doing for the country at large ? My mission for "  Inside Africa " recently was to find out - and I did so with an experiment . The concept was simple ; if Kenyans are so connected I should be able to assemble a quick meet-up ; I should be able to navigate Nairobi via Twitter . The entire process should teach me how tech-savvy this country really is and show me where its heading . It worked far better than expected . Technically speaking , Kenyans are special , as they are members of an exclusive and enviable club . The country is among the top four users of the web in all of Africa , behind only Egypt , Morocco and Nigeria . What 's more impressive is the connection speed at which they surf . The Kenyan government recently installed broadband infrastructure , which behind Ghana , is the second fastest on the continent . Read more : African tech voices to follow on Twitter Also , the Kenyan Government , in coordination with the World Bank , has embarked on a multi-million dollar initiative to use information and communications technology -- or ICT -- to accelerate economic growth and promote transparency . For these reasons and more , the response to my call for a random meeting was met with enthusiasm . One by one , half a dozen #KOTs approached me in the predetermined cafe  offering free wi-fi  shouting the password , "  connected ! " Each told me how the internet is making their lives easier from paying bills through a mobile money service called Mpesa or sending out links to their resumes via social media . What 's more fascinating is the place they all suggested I visit , iHub . Essentially it 's a nexus of innovation with free-flowing ideas meant to serve as an incubator for future Kenyan-grown advancements . Via Twitter , users gave me advice on how to get there and who to meet . I met the manager Tosh Juma standing amid what appeared to be a college study hall . He introduced me to software developers , web designers and tech enthusiasts all at different stages of their ICT projects . Of course there was the obligatory coffee bar , foosball table and comfy gaming seats on the floor -- but there was also a real sense of responsibility for the future and well-being of the country . Read more : How mobile broadband can transform Africa One young entrepreneur is Susan Eve Oguya , eagerly telling me about her SMS or text service for Kenyan farmers , MFarm . It allows them to check up-to-the-minute market rates for their goods so devious middlemen ca n't deceive them . She tells me its especially important for her since she comes from a family of people who make their living on farms . Another developer , Nevi Mukherjee showed me a tablet-based application designed for Kenya 's school children called eLimu . It brings the country 's academic curriculum to life with pictures , video and interactive quizzes . It 's no wonder Google plucked many of iHub 's members , like Ory Okolloh of the crisis-mapping site Ushahidi , to join their African ranks . My final stop on this online experiment was Google 's offices in Kenya . Read more : GPS technology maps land rights for Africa 's ` forest people ' Joe Mucheru , Google 's Ambassador for everything related to Sub-Saharan Africa gave me a tour and sneak peak into new services . They include a mapping service keeping the government accountable on schools that it has agreed to build or expand -- the map reveals any progress -- or lack thereof . From Joe 's corner office overlooking Nairobi he tells me of his wish for his young children , "  I think they are going to have a much easier life and hopefully ... compete globally even more . They do n't have the same hang ups we had , that ` we 're behind ' . They think they deserve everything and should be doing everything -- that 's the right attitude for young people now . " Kenya online usage has grown exponentially . Back in the year 2000 only 200,000 were logged onto the web , at the end of 2011 , that number was around 10.5 million . No one knows how many internet users - or #KOTs for that matter - there will be in 2021 but one thing is for sure ; there will be many and they will be helping Kenya stand out proudly in an increasingly crowded online universe .	Twitter users in Kenya are using common hashtag #KOT to talk about their country online Errol Barnett experimented with the hashtag to see how well connected Kenyan 's are He also met Joe Mucheru , Google 's ambassador Sub-Saharan Africa who gave a sneak peak into new services
Orlando  CNN  -- What had been planned as an extended weekend work day in the Casey Anthony murder trial abruptly ended Saturday morning as the judge overseeing the case ordered a recess over the sudden emergence of what one analyst said must be a major issue . "  Obviously it 's big , and obviously it 's troublesome and obviously it 's something that ca n't be disclosed , " HLN legal analyst Linda Kenney Baden said . Judge Belvin Perry emerged from his chambers Saturday morning after nearly an hour of discussions with attorneys both in and out of the courtroom to announce the day 's planned testimony would be canceled . He said only that the delay was due to a legal issue unrelated to complaints prosecutors raised first thing Saturday morning about expected testimony from Kenneth Furton , a chemistry expert the defense had planned to call Saturday . A defense attorney said he was hoping for a "  quick resolution . "  We are expecting the trial to continue on Monday , " attorney Cheney Mason said . Anthony 's lawyers are trying to discredit the prosecution theory that the Orlando woman rendered her 2-year-old daughter Caylee unconscious with chloroform , duct-taped her mouth and nose and stored the body in her trunk for a few days before dumping it in the woods . Anthony , 25 , is charged with seven counts , including first-degree murder . The defense says Caylee accidentally drowned in the family pool and that Anthony and her father panicked and covered it up . In what has become a familiar strain during the trial , prosecutor Jeff Ashton complained to Perry that defense attorneys did n't disclose Furton 's plans to testify about things that were n't contained in his initial report provided to prosecutors or mentioned in his formal interview with them . Perry has previously admonished Baez for failing to disclose planned testimony to prosecutors , going so far as to say he will consider contempt proceedings against him once the trial is over . Furton was to testify about explanations for vile odors and the presence of chloroform in the trunk of Casey Anthony 's car , where prosecutors claim she stored the body of her daughter before dumping the remains in a wooded field . Chloroform can be given off by a decomposing body . One prosecution expert described the levels of the substance in the trunk of Anthony 's white Pontiac Sunfire as "  shockingly high . " Several witnesses also testified for the state about odors that they said smelled like the unmistakable scent of human decomposition . Furton did not provide specific alternative explanations for the presence of odors or chloroform in his initial report or in his interview with prosecutors , Ashton complained . "  Once again we are in the position of experts having supplemented their opinions without notifying the state , " Ashton said . Defense attorney Jose Baez disagreed , saying nothing in Furton 's planned testimony differed from his previous opinions . "  Mr. Ashton can continue to make these allegations and make these allegations and then suddenly they become true in his world , " Baez said . "  But I do not believe they are true . " Perry indicated that he would not allow Furton to testify on Saturday , but did n't rule on the controversy before ordering the trial to recess until 8:30 a.m. Monday morning . But he did hint at his frustration . "  You would think this would have grown old by now but I guess some things never change , " he said . Saturday marked the end of the fifth week of testimony in the trial , which began with opening statements on May 24 . Perry lengthened Saturday 's work day from the usual half-day in an effort to speed the trial 's conclusion . He originally told jurors , who are being housed in an Orlando hotel shielded from media coverage of the trial , that the trial could last six to eight weeks . On Friday -- before Saturday 's delay -- Baez said he expected the defense to rest on Wednesday or possibly Thursday . That would leave room for a rebuttal case from the prosecution and closing statements before the Independence Day holiday . It is unclear how Saturday 's delay will affect those plans . Anthony could face the death penalty if convicted of the most serious charge , first-degree murder . The charges against her also include misleading authorities and aggravated child abuse . Caylee was not reported missing to police until July 15 , 2008 , when Anthony 's mother , Cindy Anthony , tracked down her daughter and demanded answers regarding Caylee 's whereabouts . Prosecution witnesses described Anthony 's behavior in the month after Caylee was last seen as nonchalant , testifying how she spent time with her boyfriend , went shopping and to nightclubs . Baez said in his opening statement that Anthony behaved as she did because years of sexual abuse by her father had conditioned her to conceal the truth and hide her pain . George Anthony has denied the claims that he abused his daughter or helped conceal his granddaughter 's death . In Session 's Michael Christian and Jean Casarez contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : A defense attorney says he expects the trial to continue on Monday Judge abruptly calls recess in the Casey Anthony murder trial Judge Belvin Perry cites only an unspecified legal issue Before recess , lawyers tussle again over undisclosed testimony
CNN  -- Gary Sinise has played many characters on television and the big screen , but one of his most important roles in real life is fighting for veterans . "  I have a passionate love for our country . I know that our freedom is provided by men and women , ordinary men and women who take up the call and serve our country , " he says . "  We can never forget our defenders , and we should do everything we can for them before the battle , during the battle and after the battle when things get rough for them . We should take care of them . " And that 's just what the actor is doing through programs at The Gary Sinise Foundation . The nonprofit helps veterans translate their military skills to civilian careers , sponsors military scholarships and even helps build customized homes for the severely wounded . "  If you 're a quadruple amputee , you 've lost both arms and both legs , you 're going to have some physical challenges for the rest of your life . We want your home to be the most secure , safe , manageable place in your life , " explains Sinise . In partnership with Stephen Siller Tunnel to Towers Foundation , homes are built with smart technology such as automated doors and iPad-controlled electronics . Cpl. Christian Brown , who lost both legs serving in Afghanistan , is looking forward to gaining more independence after he moves into his specialized house . "  Sometimes I get so focused on the small things that are easy for you but hard for me , " the Marine says . "  And now I actually have to think my way through them . So it 's actually very tiring mentally and just to be able to scoot through your house and do the things you need to do , whether that be laundry , you know , use the bathroom , get to a certain area of the house without actually having to put so much thought into it . I think it 'll be relief . " The Gary Sinise Foundation raises money for these homes by hosting concerts featuring The Lt. Dan Band . Sinise plays bass in the group he named after his iconic character from the 1994 movie "  Forrest Gump . " "  I never thought years ago that when I was in my 50s I 'd be playing concerts all over the world , " says the Oscar-nominated actor . "  It 's part of my overall mission to raise spirits , raise awareness and raise funds to support the men and women who serve our country . " Sinise was a passionate supporter of the military long before he played disabled Vietnam vet Lt. Dan . He comes from a family of men who served . "  My dad served in the Navy , my two uncles were in World War Two , " he says . "  My grandfather served in World War One in the Army , drove an ambulance in France . " Sinise also has connections to the military through his wife , Moira . Her two brothers served in Vietnam . Her sister was in the Army and married a Vietnam veteran . Their son just returned from his second tour in Afghanistan . The success of "  Forrest Gump " propelled Sinise to advocate for the military even more . He went to a Disabled American Veterans convention and received an award for playing Lt. Dan . "  I was very moved and touched by the people that I met and the actual wounded veterans from many wars prior , " he remembers . "  But it also led me to an association with our wounded that now goes back 20 years . " The attacks of 9/11 reinforced Sinise 's commitment to the troops . "  When our men and women started deploying to Iraq and Afghanistan , they started getting hurt and killed , " he somberly states . "  Families started struggling and suffering in the military . Having Vietnam veterans in my family , remembering what happened to them when they came home , it was very troubling to think that our men and women would deploy in reaction to September 11th and come home to a nation that did n't appreciate them . " To show his appreciation , the actor visited service men and women all over the world through the USO and provided entertainment with The Lt. Dan Band . Eventually , The Gary Sinise Foundation was established . When it comes to identifying with wounded veterans , Brown says Sinise just "  gets it . " "  A lot of people do n't get it . People do n't even know what 's going on over there or the severity of the situations that these guys come back in . " The double amputee adds , "  They never take a chance to look up from their phone and see what 's going on around the world . " Maybe we can take a cue from Sinise and realize we do n't have to wear a uniform to serve our country . We can simply honor , remember and care for wounded veterans in our communities .	Gary Sinise Foundation serves the needs of the military community Wounded warriors identify with Sinise 's Lt. Dan character from "  Forrest Gump " Sinise 's passionate commitment to the military stems from his family 's service
CNN  -- The Marine Corps has sacked four top officers of a California-based fighter squadron over the December crash of a fighter jet that slammed into a San Diego neighborhood , the service announced Tuesday . Grace Yoon , 15 months , was killed after a military jet crashed into her home . Deferred maintenance and faulty decisions by the pilot and squadron members with whom he was communicating on the ground contributed to the crash , a Marine Corps investigation concluded . The commander of the squadron involved , its top maintenance officer and two others have been relieved of duty as a result of the investigation , and nine other Marines have received other disciplinary action , Maj. Gen. Randolph Alles said . The jet crashed in the University City neighborhood of San Diego , about three miles short of the Miramar airfield . Two adults and two small children from a Korean immigrant family were killed when the jet slammed into their house . Watch what pilot said as plane had trouble " The F/A -18 Hornet crashed after "  a succession of emergencies " that began with oil-pressure problems in its right engine during a flight off the Southern California coast , said Marine Col. John Rupp . That left the jet relying on its other engine , which previously had been giving mechanics electronic indications of a problem with its fuel-flow system , Rupp said . Learn more about the jet " Maintenance rules do n't require immediate repairs for the problem , he said , but the squadron flew the jet 146 times before it eventually crashed because its left engine was starved for fuel . "  The end result was that the squadron elected to fly an aircraft that had a degraded fuel system on the left side of the aircraft , " Rupp said . "  This is a critical point , and this was collectively questionable judgment on the part of the squadron 's maintenance department . " The investigation criticized the pilot , who was being trained on the F/A -18 , for not consulting a pocket checklist that outlined emergency procedures . While controllers aboard the aircraft carrier that launched the jet urged the pilot to land at a nearby Navy airfield at North Island , squadron officers relied on "  incorrect assumptions and inaccurate data " to guide him back to the plane 's base at the Miramar Marine Corps Air Station . "  No one in the ready room stated or understood the severity of the low fuel emergency at this time , " Rupp said . "  This is a critical moment , and this is collectively bad decision-making by the duty officer , by the operations officer and by the squadron 's commanding officer . " The pilot waited "  until the last possible moment " to eject from the plane , bailing out at an altitude of just 400 feet , and attempted to steer away from homes on the ground before the crash , Rupp said . The pilot , whose name has not been released , is grounded pending further review , which Marine officers said was routine . Alles said the officer was an "  above-average " pilot who "  just made a poor decision . " Dong Yun Yoon lost his wife , children and mother-in-law in the crash and another unoccupied house also was destroyed . Yoon said the victims were his daughter Rachel , who was born less than two months before the accident ; his 15-month-old daughter Grace ; his wife , Young Mi Yoon , 36 ; and her 60-year-old mother , Suk Im Kim , who he said had come to the United States from Korea recently to help take care of the children . In an emotional press conference in December , Yoon said he did not blame the pilot and urged the public to pray for him . "  I do n't blame him . I do n't have any hard feelings . I know he did everything he could , " Yoon said at the time . "  Please pray for him not to suffer from this accident , " Yoon said as he fought for composure . "  He is one of our treasures for the country . "	NEW : "  Succession of emergencies " with aircraft preceded fatal San Diego crash NEW : Squadron officers relied on "  inaccurate data " to direct pilot to return to base NEW : Pilot criticized for not consulting pocket checklist of emergency procedures Man 's wife , children , mother-in-law killed were killed in crash
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The chipped walls of Guo Jigang 's tiny home are bandaged together with clear packing tape . Guo , together with his wife and son , live in a narrow , 53-square foot room furnished with a bed , faded chair and table . They share a bathroom with 20 to 30 neighbors in their building in suburban Beijing -- a little piece of home for China 's army of migrant workers . Despite their modest living conditions , Guo insists his family 's standard of living is improving . "  I feel we are already getting better and better , " he said . Like 200 million Chinese migrants , Guo , 30 and his wife , Ge Yaru , 26 , are part of the "  nongmingong " -- which means peasant class , a term used to describe those who 've left the countryside . They are also known as "  liudong renkou " which means floating population . In the last decades , as waves of migrant workers have found jobs in the cities , hundreds of millions in China have been lifted out of poverty , according to official estimates . But beyond China 's successful facade , migrant workers face difficulties accessing public services due to a household registration system called "  hukou , " which divides the population into rural and urban residents . When a migrant worker like Guo leaves his village , he also leaves his social benefits behind . Without an urban hukou permit , a migrant is often denied access to the subsidized health , housing and education that city dwellers enjoy . The workers find odd jobs in factories , construction sites , public infrastructure projects , restaurants and households but can not enjoy the same privileges as urbanites . "  Their plight has been described as them being like illegal immigrants in their own country , " according to the Global Times , a Chinese state-controlled newspaper . Some scholars have likened China 's hukou system to South Africa 's now-defunct apartheid , a system of segregation that severely restricted the rights of the country 's black population , with whites enjoying preferential treatment . This legalized form of discrimination relegated the nation 's black workers to migrant labor with little rights . China 's migrant workers never integrate into the city to enjoy the same rights and opportunities as urbanites , said David Bandurski , an author of an upcoming book about migrant workers . "  The discrimination is very real in China , " he added . China 's urban explosion : A 21st century challenge Under the hukou system , migrant workers can secure temporary residence certificates but getting them is a lengthy process . In some cases , their employers are obligated to pay exorbitant fees to the city government for such certificates . Guo , who has a tanned , leathery face , spends 10 hours a day painting outside , dangling from high buildings where he 's exposed to the sun , heat and wind . When asked about his dreams for his family 's future , they say they want to open a store someday and be able to send their son , who is now two , to middle school . "  I 'll still be a migrant worker , " he said . "  During our lifetime , I guess we wo n't have any high hopes , " said Guo . "  Really any hopes are for the children . " His son shyly hides behind his parents . Squirming on a bed that he shares with both parents , the toddler peeks over his mother 's shoulders . Guo 's wife , Ge , is pregnant with their second child . They plan to pay a fine -- about $ 1,500 -- for violating the country 's One Child Policy . Ge plans to give birth in her village in Hefei province . Their reasoning for having a second child pertains to their migrant worker status . "  If something went wrong , and you lost your only child , then you would grow old alone , " Guo said . "  You 'd at least want two , no ? One is just not enough . Especially for us , villagers . The city and the village -- it is not the same . "  When people get old in the city they can just be sent to the old people 's home , where as if we grow old , we can only rely on our children , " his wife added . "  We do n't have any pension . We do n't have any hope or anything . All of that we put it on the shoulders of our children . So if there are n't enough kids , and something goes wrong , we are also done for . " They acknowledge that raising a second child adds financial pressures ; but in a way , a second child provides a security net in a society where migrant workers do not have one . While people in the cities have pensions , Ge said their village has nothing . Chinese media , including state-run news agencies , have reported on the difficulties faced by migrant workers . For example , the children of migrant workers can not go to the same school as the city kids . They 've been called "  liu dong er tong , " which means floating children , because of the question of where they can go to school and how they 'll be able to afford it . Migrant children have to pay for private schooling , said the author Bandurski , who taught at one for migrant children . In China , calling it "  private school " is also misleading , he said . "  They 're not getting the same quality of education . It 's not even close to their counterparts , ` city kids ' although they are city kids , " he said . Without education and opportunities , many children of migrants end up doing the same work as their parents . This continuous cycle has spanned almost four generations , Bandurski said . "  I think in the last 15 to 20 years , it 's not a socially mobile society , " he said . And there are signs of unrest . Thousands of workers rioted in Guangdong province early this year after reports that police officers had beaten a migrant teenager in June , according to both Chinese and Western media reports . Tensions also spilled over into violence in the city of Xintang last year when migrant workers clashed with locals after reports that officials had beaten a pregnant migrant worker and her husband . Some families pin their hopes on their kids to break the cycle by gaining admission into a university . The chances of that , Bandurski said , are "  very very slim . " Guo insists that he wants his son to go to school . "  We villagers do n't have many ambitious hopes about our kids , as long as he goes to school and studies hard . Otherwise , we do n't have any plans for our kids ... I just hope he does n't do what we are doing . "	Migrant family 's hope is that their child does n't also have to be migrant worker China operates on a system that differentiates between rural and urban Rural workers ' plight likened to illegal immigrants and apartheid
SHERMAN , Texas  CNN  -- A seventeenth person has died from injuries suffered in Friday 's bus crash in northern Texas , a hospital spokeswoman said Sunday . The damaged bus is hauled from the crash scene on a flatbed truck Friday in Sherman , Texas . The driver of the bus , which was carrying dozens of Vietnamese people on a church trip , apparently lost control on northbound U.S. 75 early Friday . The bus smashed into a guardrail before rolling on its side and sliding into a gully . The accident happened near the Texas-Oklahoma state line . Twelve people were declared dead at the scene , and four others died at hospitals , officials said . Police estimated that , in addition to the deaths , 33 to 39 of the 54 passengers and the driver suffered mild to serious injuries . Watch what investigators are learning about the accident " The bus was operating illegally , according to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration . The National Transportation Safety Board has begun investigating the crash . On Friday , NTSB member Debbie Hersman told reporters that the right front tire of the bus had been retreaded , in violation of safety rules . The blown tire was the only one that was recapped , and it was the only one whose tread separated , she said . Asked what caused the Goodyear tire to lose its air , she said , "  we do n't know the answer to that question ; that 's why we 're here . " The bus itself was made in 2002 by Motor Coach Industries . The trip to Carthage , Missouri , had been scheduled by the Vietnamese Catholic Martyrs Church in Houston , though some of the passengers may have belonged to other churches , Hersman said . The 52-year-old driver had his commercial driver 's license , but his medical certificate had expired , she said . Late Friday , police were assisting NTSB investigators with gathering evidence and mapping the scene , documenting the location of witness marks and scars on the highway and bridge rail over an overpass , she said . Preliminary evidence suggests that the bus hit a rail on the right side of the bridge and then traveled 1,809 feet before coming to a stop on its right side in the earthen median between the highway and a frontage road , Hersman said . "  As it dropped off the bridge rail , the bus rolled to the right ... where it came to rest . " Watch as the fire chief describes the crash scene " She noted that the bus was not equipped with seat belts , which are not required on motor coaches . In a written statement , motor carrier agency Administrator John H. Hill said investigators noted "  certain irregularities ... about whether the bus was operating under the name Angel Tours or Iguala Busmex . It is important to note that neither of these domestic entities is authorized to operate as a U.S. passenger carrier in interstate commerce at this time . " He added that the agency identified Angel Tours "  as being a high-risk carrier due to safety violations detected during roadside safety inspections and was subjected to an FMCSA compliance review in May 2008 . " "  This review resulted in FMCSA placing Angel Tours ' operations out of service , " Hill said . "  To date , Angel Tours has not provided the agency with evidence of satisfactory corrective actions to the problems discovered and remains out of service . " In addition , "  FMCSA has not granted Iguala Busmex authority to transport passengers because it has failed to fully comply with federal safety requirements . " He said police have been asked to stop any of the companies ' buses . Both companies are owned by Angel de la Torre . A man who answered the phone at Angel Tours office said the owner was meeting with his lawyers and was unavailable . Massage therapist Leha Nguyen , 45 , was a passenger . She was traveling by herself on the bus when she departed Houston at 8:30 p.m. Thursday for what was to have been her fourth trip to Carthage , Missouri . After sandwiches were passed around , the group said prayers , and Nguyen began to drift off to sleep in her window seat next to an older woman , four rows behind the driver , she said . iReport.com : Were you there ? Send photos , video About 11:45 p.m. , the bus passed Dallas , "  and as soon as we passed Dallas we were on the two-way freeway and I feel the bus ride a little bit fast and I have a feeling , not a safe feeling , " she said . She added , "  I feel a little bit shaky , but I just let myself at peace and then go to sleep . " Her sleep did n't last long . "  As I opened my eyes , I see the chair falling off and I was sitting right below the TV and I felt that somebody was laying on my leg and then right next to me there was a lady , she got her arm really crushed up and on top of her there was another lady , she can not move . " Although her head hurt , Nguyen -- who left Vietnam in 1975 as a refugee -- was in better shape than many of her fellow riders . She accepted an ambulance ride to the hospital , where she learned that her seatmate had died . Once her scalp was sewn up , she aided in translating for other Vietnamese patients whose English was not as good . CNN 's Susan Roesgen contributed to this story from Sherman , Texas .	NEW : Another passenger from bus crash in northern Texas dies of injuries Bus had a recapped tire on the right front , a federal investigator says The bus was operating illegally , federal agency says Survivor describes chaos during and after accident
CNN  -- Before luxury yachting was the preserve of Russian tycoons and Silicon Valley moguls , it was only the world 's wealthiest royals who built palaces on the sea . There have been and continue to be a fleet of imperial yachts used to transport royals , from Russian czars to princes of Monaco , in the opulent fashion to which they are accustomed . "  Britannia " There are probably few finer examples of a regal leisure boat than "  Her Majesty 's Yacht  HMY  Britannia , " built in 1953 for Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II . Now decommissioned and on display in Edinburgh , Scotland , the vast and lavishly designed "  HMY Britannia " has sailed over one million miles during 44 years of service and in the course of 968 official royal visits . Once described by Queen Elizabeth as "  the one place where I can truly relax , " the royal yacht , built to many of the queen 's specifications , boasts huge dining rooms adorned with gifts and curiosities from around the world , including a whale rib found by her husband on a beach . In addition , there 's a sun lounge with furniture chosen by the queen and a garage built to house the royal Rolls-Royce . Sir Winston Churchill , Boris Yeltsin , Rajiv Gandhi and Nelson Mandela are among the famous names who have joined the queen on board over the years , but "  HMY Britannia " was also deployed for more private and romantic occasions . As Kate and William add the finishing touches to their wedding plans , they may well feel a pang of regret that "  Britannia " is no longer in service . Four royal honeymoons took place on board , including Prince Charles and Princess Diana 's 16-day trip in the Mediterranean . "  Dubai " Today , the undisputed champion of royal vessels belongs to Dubai 's Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , whose $ 300 million mega-yacht is christened -- somewhat unimaginatively -- "  Dubai . " Measuring 524 feet long , it 's the world 's second-largest yacht , eclipsed only by Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich 's suitably named "  Eclipse . " Three elevators and one vast open glass stairway serve its multitude of decks which , aside from the gold-finished , jewel-encrusted VIP guestrooms and appropriately palatial master bedrooms , contain a squash room , spa , banquet hall and cinema . And did we mention the helicopter pad up top ? In keeping with the fantasy-flavored extravagance of "  Dubai , " the yacht is moored year-round on the artificial "  Logo Island , " situated next to the country 's emblematic , man-made archipelago "  Palm Islands " -- built from one billion cubic meters of rock and sand . "  Standart " If you thought that Abramovich and his fellow billionaires were the first of their countrymen to build ultra-ostentatious pleasure boats , then think again . The Russian imperial yacht "  Standart , " built according to the specifications of Emperor Alexander III and his son Nicholas , was the largest imperial yacht on the oceans during the late 19th and early 20th century . Completed in 1895 , the opulent vessel was 401 feet long -- about the length of a soccer pitch -- colossal even by today 's immodest standards . Indeed , "  Standart " was a veritable floating palace , adorned with mahogany-paneled drawing rooms , formal salons with polished floors , brass fittings , crystal chandeliers and velvet drapes . The czar 's private study was furnished in dark leather and elegant wooden furniture , while the czarina 's drawing room and boudoir were bedecked in her favorite English chintz . The imperial yacht even had its own chapel for the private use of the family . However , Russia 's largest royal yacht was also her last . After the revolution in 1917 , the ship was stripped of all its elegance , renamed "  Vosemnadtsate Martza " and refitted as a drab , gray minelayer for service in the Soviet Navy . The boat was scrapped at Tallinn in Estonia in 1963 . "  M/Y Grace " Decked out with a Jacuzzi , sea kayaks , snorkeling gear and wetsuits , "  M/Y Grace " is one of the few specially tailored yachts fit to chart the delicate waters surrounding the Galapagos Islands . The boat 's regal past is only hinted at in its name . "  M/Y Grace , " as the vessel is now known , was once the royal yacht of Prince Rainier and Princess Grace of Monaco . When American actress Grace Kelly married the prince of Monaco , the couple were extensively pictured honeymooning on this exquisite 147-foot-long yacht , given to them as a wedding gift by prominent Greek shipping merchant Aristotle Onassis . The boat was captured on boundless newsreels as cameras and reporters followed Kelly on her last voyage from the United States to her new home in what was then styled "  the wedding of the century . " The couple left the day after the ceremony to cruise the coasts of Corsica and Sardinia . "  K/S Norge " The K/S Norge is one of the last active royal yachts in Europe , belonging to Herald V , King of Norway . Built in 1937 by Camper and Nicholson , the oldest leisure marine company in the world , the boat was originally owned by British aviation pioneer Sir Thomas Sopwith -- who had given it over to the UK 's Royal Navy to serve as a convoy escort vessel during World War II . In July 1947 , the ship was purchased by the people of Norway as a present to the much beloved King Haakon VII for his 75th birthday . The royal yacht was renamed "  Norge , " the Norwegian word for Norway . Still used today for state visits abroad , the classically shaped yacht is also employed as a base for the king when he competes in international yacht races .	Magisterial mega-yachts have ferried royals around the world "  Her Majesty 's Yacht Britannia " is one of the most splendid examples Others include yachts owned by the royal families of Dubai , Monaco and Norway
A police dog died of heat stroke after being left in a patrol car in Woodstock , Georgia , authorities said Tuesday . The 3-year-old dog , a Belgian Malinois named Spartacus , was found dead Monday night inside the K-9 handler 's car , which was parked outside his home , Brittany Duncan , a Woodstock Police Department spokeswoman , said in a written statement . A necropsy requested by the police department determined the cause of death was heat stroke , the statement said . The statement did not detail why the car was parked at the handler 's house nor did it say how long it had been parked there . "  The K9 handler is currently on administrative leave with pay pending the outcome of an internal investigation , " Duncan said . The police department did not publicly identify Spartacus ' handler , describing him only as a 9-year police veteran who has worked as a K-9 handler for seven of those years . "  After the retirement of his first police K-9 , who is now a family pet living with the K-9 handler , the handler is devastated by the loss of his second police K-9 , " Duncan said . Spartacus was cross-trained in drug detection , tracking and apprehension , according to the department . A memorial service for Spartacus will be announced at a later date , Duncan said .	Spartacus was a 3-year-old Belgian Malinois at the Woodstock Police Department The K-9 was cross-trained in drug detection , tracking and apprehension , police say Authorities are not identifying Spartacus ' handler The handler has been placed on administrative leave , authorities say
San Francisco  CNN  -- If the exhibition on the waters of San Francisco Bay Monday is anything to go by , the 34th America 's Cup to be held on these waters in 2013 is going to be fast , exciting , and potentially dangerous . Racing their two futuristic and expensive multi-hull catamarans on a very windy San Francisco Bay , Oracle Racing managed to end-over-end capsize one of the two stealthy-looking , hard-sail equipped racers . Oracle Racing says one crewman suffered minor rib injuries and was taken to the hospital as a precautionary measure . Oracle Racing , practicing publicly for the first time on their home waters with their new AC45 class boats , seemed to take it all in stride . "  The boats are spectacular , hard to sail . They 're gon na test the best sailors in the world , " said Russell Coutts , the four-time America 's Cup winner and helmsman of the boat that capsized . "  Luckily I had the crash helmet on . " Oracle Racing , begun and backed by software billionaire Larry Ellison , is hoping to attract more widespread interest in the sport of sailing in the United States . Oracle Racing has praised the natural amphitheater provided by San Francisco Bay in the hopes that it will allow many more people to witness the capabilities and technology of these boats and their crews . Monday certainly seemed to prove that true . The catamarans will continue their trials in San Francisco Bay through June , and eventually the 45-foot yachts will yield to the AC72 class boats , which will be the actual yachts sailed in the 34th America 's Cup .	Oracle says one crewman suffered minor injuries Coutts : These boats "  test the best sailors in the world " Oracle is trying to attract more interest in sailing in the United States
Daniel Flesch , then a college student at the University of Illinois , had heard too much anti-Israeli sentiment . He had family members who had survived the Holocaust and felt compelled to fight back at what he perceived as a growing level of anti-Semitism in America . So in 2010 , he joined Israel 's military . "  I just did n't want to sit on the sidelines , " the now-26-year-old said in an interview via Skype . "  I wanted to actually fight back against those who think Israel and the Jewish people should not exist . " Flesch , now a graduate student at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies in Washington , became what 's known as a "  lone soldier " -- a citizen from another country who joins the Israel Defense Forces  IDF  . It 's believed there are approximately 750 Americans currently serving in the Israeli military , according to the New York-based Friends of IDF . The group raises funds for the cultural , recreational and social needs of Israeli soldiers . Going to Israel ? Share your story Although there are no firm numbers of those who have signed up in recent days , the interest level of Americans seems to have increased amid the escalating conflict between Israel and Hamas , according to Orit Mizner , southwest regional director for Friends of Israel Scouts , an organization that helps North American Jews stay connected to Israel . "  Those kind of phone calls keep on coming . ... There 's definitely a sense of the need to be in Israel and a need to take part in what 's going on , " said Mizner , whose organization runs a program called Garin Tzabar , which helps facilitate Americans ' entry into the IDF . Americans have been serving in the IDF for decades . Israel requires that its citizens serve in the military when they turn 18 -- three years for men , two years for women . Young Americans with dual citizenship living in Israel are required to serve as well . Those outside Israel , whether they hold Israeli citizenship or not , can apply for the IDF if they meet requirements including no criminal record , a high school diploma and the ability to speak Hebrew . The U.S. government does n't discourage those wanting to join , but some may question why those willing to put themselves in harm 's way would choose the IDF as opposed to the American military . "  As much I 'm a proud American , " said David Meyers of Belmont , California , "  there 's an incredibly deep and long connection that I have to Israel . " Meyers , who now works in sales in Silicon Valley , holds dual U.S.-Israeli citizenship . "  The United States with its strength and size , perhaps , is n't quite needing your abilities and your efforts , " he said , explaining his choice to spend six years in the Israeli navy . His Israeli-born comrades sometimes expressed puzzlement over his decision to leave the comforts of American life for the dangers of military service , he said . "  They sometimes scratched their heads when they see people coming from other countries , " said Meyers , who served in the Israeli navy in the late 1980s and early '90s . But he added that he was warmly embraced . Flesch , who is not an Israeli citizen , served more than 18 months . He became a paratrooper in the Israeli army and was recognized twice as the outstanding soldier of his platoon . His proudest achievement : "  That I 'd done my part to defend the Jewish people  from  those who tried to harm us throughout the years . " For some Americans , Gaza conflict strikes close to home	About 750 Americans are currently in the Israeli military , an advocacy group says In Israel , military service is required of all citizens at age 18 , male and female That includes young Americans with dual citizenship living in Israel Those outside Israel can apply if they meet requirements including speaking Hebrew
CNN  -- Ireland stepped up its battle with the Roman Catholic Church over child abuse Sunday , with Justice Minister Alan Shatter vowing to pass a law requiring priests to report suspicions of child abuse , even if they learn about them in confession . The Catholic Church regards information learned in confession as completely confidential . But under the law proposed by Shatter , priests could be prosecuted for failing to tell the police about crimes disclosed in the confession box . Shatter said in a statement through a spokesman last week that priests ' failure to report what they learn in confession "  has led sexual predators into believing that they have impunity and facilitated pedophiles preying on children and destroying their lives . " The minister 's comment to a local radio station Sunday comes after the Vatican rejected Irish accusations that church leaders sought to cover up extensive abuse of young people by priests in Ireland . Saturday 's 25-page statement is the latest development in a row that has seen an unprecedented rift open up between the Vatican and Ireland , a heavily Roman Catholic country . "  The Holy See does not accept that it was somehow indifferent to the plight of those who suffered abuse in Ireland , " the statement says . Rather , it says , the Holy See "  devoted considerable attention to the Irish situation , " through meetings with Irish bishops and directions given by the Pope to Irish church leaders . The Vatican response says "  the accusation that the Holy See attempted to frustrate an inquiry in a sovereign democratic republic is unfounded . " The Vatican response follows a biting attack by Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny in the wake of the Cloyne report , published in July , which investigated abuses in the diocese of Cloyne , near the southern city of Cork . After the publication of the Cloyne report , Kenny said : "  The law of the land should not be stopped by a crozier or a collar , " referring to the hooked staff held by Catholic bishops during religious services and the collar worn by priests . Addressing lawmakers , Kenny claimed the report exposed the Vatican as trying to hinder an inquiry into child sex abuse for its own benefit and said it revealed the "  dysfunction , the disconnection , the elitism that dominate the culture of the Vatican to this day . " Irish lawmakers then passed a motion deploring "  the Vatican 's intervention which contributed to the undermining of the child protection framework and guidelines of the Irish State and the Irish Bishops . " The Vatican responded to the criticism by Kenny and other Irish lawmakers by recalling its envoy to Ireland , Archbishop Giuseppe Leanza . It said in its statement Saturday that many of the criticisms and allegations made against it in the Cloyne report appear to result from an incorrect reading of a 1997 letter to Irish bishops from the Vatican 's envoy to Ireland at the time -- although it acknowledges the letter is open to "  misinterpretation " if taken out of context . Detailing letters and reports issued by the Vatican , it questions the conclusions drawn by investigators as to the Church 's approach to dealing with complaints of abuse by priests . The Vatican also expresses its regret for the abuses committed , acknowledges instances were sometimes mishandled and says it is confident new measures brought in in Ireland and elsewhere will prevent such "  deplorable acts " recurring . "  In a spirit of humility , the Holy See , while rejecting unfounded accusations , welcomes all objective and helpful observations and suggestions to combat with determination the appalling crime of sexual abuse of minors , " the statement says . The Vatican response was welcomed by the head of the Catholic Church in Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady . "  The reply conveys the profound abhorrence of the Holy See for the crime of sexual abuse and its sorrow and shame for the terrible sufferings which the victims of abuse and their families have endured within the Church of Jesus Christ , a place where this should never happen , " he said in an online statement . Released July 13 , the 421-page report into the handling of abuses in the diocese of Cloyne demolished claims by the Catholic Church in Ireland that policies it put in place in 1996 had enabled it to get a handle on the problem . It also accused Bishop John Magee , who was responsible for policing abuse in his diocese , of not backing the policies himself and failing to take action against abusers . The report detailed how complaints against 19 clerics in the diocese were dealt with between 1996 and 2009 by church and state authorities . Journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report .	Ireland will pass a law forcing priests to reveal abuse disclosed in confession , the justice minister says The Vatican says claims it tried to hinder inquiries into abuse by priests are unfounded Its statement rejects criticisms made by Ireland 's prime minister and other lawmakers A report released in July said the Roman Catholic Church failed abuse victims
CNN  -- Walking into school Wednesday morning was not easy for Constance McMillen . The last time she 'd been there was March 11 , the day after her Fulton , Mississippi , high school canceled prom rather than allow her to wear a tuxedo and attend with her girlfriend . She did n't assume last week 's spring break would cool things down . She expected stares , dirty looks and cold shoulders , and passing through the doors was daunting . Over these last two weeks , she said , she 's had a hard time sleeping , can barely eat , feels anxious and -- until she saw a doctor for help -- often felt like she was "  going to throw up . " "  I 've been very nervous about all of this , " the 18-year-old Itawamba Agricultural High School senior said . "  I do n't like being somewhere where everyone hates me . " McMillen 's name made national headlines when she , with the help of the American Civil Liberties Union , filed suit against her school and the Itawamba County School District , asking them to reinstate prom for everyone , without discrimination . A federal judge in Mississippi ruled Tuesday that while he would n't force the school to have a prom , which had originally been scheduled for April 2 , he agreed that McMillen 's First Amendment rights had been violated . That was good news , said her attorney , Christine Sun , senior counsel with the ACLU 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender project . It set a precedent and helped broadcast an important statement , which was made stronger by virtue of where it came from , she said . "  We 're in a conservative area of the country , where people tend to think we can do what we like , " said Sun , who lives in New York but has traveled multiple times to Mississippi for this legal push . "  This case sends a strong message that that 's not going to fly anymore . " The only pending issue , Sun said , is the question of damages and the ACLU 's request for attorneys ' fees . An amended complaint to seek a quick resolution on this should be filed in the next 30 days , she said . Meantime , McMillen is trying to find her new normal . In many ways , she stands in an awkward balance . Though there are some people who support her in Fulton  population about 4,000  , the overarching tension and what she described as "  hostility " that she feels at school and in her community is in deep contrast to the reception and groundswell of support that 's overwhelmed her nationally . As a poster child for the rights of LGBT students , she 's been asked to jump on airplanes to appear on news programs and talk shows . The Facebook fan page "  Let Constance Take Her Girlfriend to Prom ! " had attracted more than 414,000 fans as of Friday morning . Wealthy individuals , including Ellen DeGeneres , have offered to pay for a prom for her school . She 's received a $ 30,000 college scholarship from an anonymous donor and Tonic.com , a digital media company in New York that 's also offered her a summer internship . She 's even been invited to high school proms in cities she 's never visited . "  It means a lot to me , " she said of the outreach from others . "  The amount of support helps me to continue with the fight . " But all McMillen , who came out as a lesbian in eighth grade , ever wanted was to go to her school prom with her class , and with her girlfriend . Going to another school 's prom , while a nice offer , does n't make any sense to her . Parents at her school are reportedly planning a "  ball " for the same night that prom was intended . McMillen said she 's still trying to find out if she 's free to attend with her girlfriend . She wo n't go otherwise . She never meant to be a spoiler for others when she sought approval to bring her girlfriend and wear a tuxedo , she said . She thought she was doing the right thing by asking in advance , since the school had stipulated in a February memo that dates must be of the opposite sex . Rather than give her permission , the school canceled the prom . McMillen said she 's learning who her "  true friends " are . They 're the ones who respect her for taking a stance , defend her when others talk trash about her , do n't turn their backs when she approaches and are n't afraid to be seen with her . Her girlfriend , too , has remained a constant support , even though she herself has n't gone public . McMillen also said she 's blessed to have family members who shore her up even if they do n't all feel comfortable with her sexual orientation . "  My grandmother does n't believe in it -LSB- same-sex relationships -RSB- but still stands behind me no matter what , " McMillen said , her southern drawl thick . "  She 's a conservative Christian but respects that it 's my life . She does n't think discrimination of any kind is right . " Whether she intended to or not , McMillen has inspired others -- not just nationally but in her home state , said Izzy Pellegrine , 19 , a student at Mississippi State University . "  I thought for a long time I was the only gay person in the state of Mississippi , " said Pellegrine , who came out at 15 and went to high school about 1 1/2 hours from where McMillen lives . McMillen 's actions speak for others who feel unable to speak for themselves , said Pellegrine , who 's a founding board member of the Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition , which helped connect McMillen with the ACLU . The grass-roots organization seeks to protect the interests of LGBT youth and will host a "  second chance prom " on May 8 , an event Pellegrine estimated may attract as many as 500 students , thanks in large part to the way McMillen 's fight empowers others . Hear stories of others helped by the Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition "  Usually Mississippi is 10 or 20 years behind , " Pellegrine said . "  For Mississippi to be spearheading the LGBT student movement is unheard of . I , personally , and my co-workers are so proud to have it happen in our state , " where "  queer flight , " the compulsion to leave as soon as one is able , is rampant , she said . As for where life will take McMillen after graduation , she is n't yet sure . She 's still thinking about that summer internship offer in New York and is pretty certain she 'll attend Itawamba Community College for a couple years before going to one of her dream schools , the University of Southern Mississippi or UCLA . What she does know is she 'd like to study and possibly pursue a career in psychology . "  I like helping people , and I like talking to people about their problems , " she said . "  I find the human mind and human behavior very interesting . " Soledad O'Brien of CNN 's "  In America " unit will file an extended report on gay teens in the "  Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition , " the group that was key in connecting Constance McMillen to her ACLU legal team . The story is expected to air in late May or early June .	Constance McMillen in news after school cancels prom ; she wanted to bring girlfriend Support nationally shows in TV visits , prom offers , Facebook fans and scholarship At home , Mississippi high school senior deals with tensions , anxiety , "  hostility " Her and ACLU 's fight inspires others , making her poster child for LGBT student activism
CNN  -- A U.S. Border Patrol agent was arrested Tuesday on narcotics smuggling charges , but the federal agency declined to release his name , a spokesman told CNN . The agent , who was turned over to the Drug Enforcement Administration , was being held in the Yuma , Arizona , County jail , said Kenneth Quillin , supervisory border patrol agent . The agent , who has three years ' experience with the border patrol , was arrested after two other Border Patrol agents on Monday were patrolling along the U.S.-Mexico border and saw the suspect agent with "  numerous bundles of marijuana inside a marked Border Patrol truck , " Quillin said in a statement . The agents reported the incident to a supervisor , and the suspect agent , along with the marijuana , was placed in the custody of the DEA , Quillin said . Rodolfo Karisch , acting chief patrol agent for the Yuma Sector , said he was "  proud of the swift and appropriate actions taken by the arresting agents . " "  They knew the right thing to do and did it , as expected . They put honor first and are to be commended . This can not be said of the suspect , " he said in a statement . "  I will not refer to the subject of this arrest as ` one of us . ' By his alleged actions , he has tarnished our image , " Karisch said in a statement . "  We will pursue the prosecution of this individual to the fullest extent allowed by law . "	The U.S. Border Patrol agent was allegedly caught with marijuana The drugs were inside a Border Patrol truck Two other Border Patrol agents discovered him and the drugs while patrolling the border
The UK has become one of the latest Western countries to enter the coalition fighting ISIS , with Parliament voting Friday to endorse British military engagement in Iraq through airstrikes . The vote came shortly after Prime Minister David Cameron 's speech during the United Nations General Assembly in New York on Wednesday , in which he emphasized the threat posed by ISIS to the UK and endorsed military action based on "  careful preparation " while saying "  no to rushing to join a conflict without a clear plan . " In doing so , the UK appears to want to redeem itself after the blunders of the invasion of Iraq in 2003 . Yet entering the conflict through airstrikes in Iraq is in itself an indication of the lack of a clear plan on part of the UK in particular and the anti-ISIS coalition as a whole . As it currently stands , the coalition 's plan carries a high risk of backfiring . The UK is basing its involvement in Iraq on the legitimacy granted by the democratically elected Iraqi government 's request for international intervention to aid it in fighting ISIS , a scenario that can not be duplicated in Syria . But ISIS has set roots in both Syria and Iraq , and has erased the border between the two countries in areas under its control . To limit any action against ISIS , whether military or otherwise , to Iraq alone is therefore meaningless . Focusing on airstrikes as a key method of military engagement is also ineffective . ISIS knew very well that no Western country would want to commit boots on the ground in Syria or Iraq , and prepared to defend itself accordingly . Before the coalition 's campaign began , ISIS bases in Raqqa and elsewhere were evacuated and the group 's members went underground . The raids that have been conducted to date have led to little actual damage to ISIS ' military capability , according to one of my informants on the ground there . If anything , they have played right into the hands of its strategy . This strategy is based on engaging in a defensive , asymmetrical war , which , as the examples of Hamas and Hezbollah have shown , is a good bet for militant groups with limited capabilities confronting larger conventional armies . ISIS also invited military action against it in order to legitimize its narrative of fighting a war against "  crusades . " This narrative has now been strengthened , especially with many of those killed during the strikes being civilians . The more civilians die , the higher the resentment against the coalition , and the more attractive ISIS becomes to potential recruits . Airstrikes will not sever people 's ties with ISIS . The attraction of ISIS to its recruits is not merely ideological . It is based on seeking revenge for economic , social , and political grievances as well as the pursuit of power and money , but also a sense of belonging to a grand project , which is the establishment of a Caliphate . Now that a Caliphate has been declared , even in rudimentary form , the most airstrikes can achieve is the containment of ISIS through limiting its ability to expand geographically , but not its eradication . Without a political and economic plan tackling the motivations driving ISIS sympathizers within Syria and Iraq and globally , limited military action will keep ISIS alive and open the door to retaliation . With an increasing number of ISIS jihadists hailing from the UK , British involvement in the air raid campaign translates into increased threat to UK security . The risk of retaliation extends to all countries involved in the anti-ISIS coalition . Although the anti-ISIS coalition has been crystalizing for some time , what it 's pursuing is far from a carefully planned strategy . In addition to the risks highlighted above , a glaring gap is a political strategy for Syria that would prevent the country from descending into the kind of chaos witnessed in Libya . Also absent is a regional security strategy for neighboring countries like Jordan and the Gulf states , which have entered the coalition nervously and are worried about their own stability now that they are in direct confrontation with ISIS . There were several measures -- from diplomatic pressure to strengthening the Syrian opposition adequately -- that the international community could have taken two years ago , that would have prevented the Syrian crisis from escalating to the alarming level witnessed today . Military action as currently planned would have been much more effective back when ISIS was still in its infancy . Now that military action is a reality , instead of merely jumping on the bandwagon , the UK should use its position as a major European country and a key ally of the United States to push the coalition towards formulating a long-term strategy that is indeed comprehensive and that offers a realistic plan for what happens in Syria and Iraq the day after ISIS is eradicated . This would bolster the UK 's international standing , better secure coalition countries , as well as prevent the coalition from repeating the mistakes of the past .	UK Parliament has voted in favor of Britain joining airstrikes in Iraq The UK wants to redeem itself after the Iraq invasion in 2003 , writes Lina Khatib As it currently stands , the coalition 's plan carries a high risk of backfiring , she says Khatib argues that airstrikes will not sever people 's ties with ISIS
EW.com  -- It 's all part of the plan . The twerking . The tongue . The tattoos . Miley Cyrus is a "  strategic hot mess , " and we love it . Chronicling her triumphs and struggles for four months , MTV took a behind-the-scenes glimpse into the life of Cyrus leading up to and after her controversial performance at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards for Wednesday 's "  Miley : The Movement . " From the funny moments with her mom to catching up with Britney Spears , the documentary captured her most candid moments . Here are five things we learned from the "  Bangerz " singer on her journey with MTV . Paula Patton reacts to Miley Cyrus ' VMAs performance : ' I did n't get the big deal ' 1 . Miley 's not transitioning , she 's growing . Miley is still Miley . While critics have labeled her current phase as a "  transition , " the former "  Hannah Montana " star maintains it 's always been her . "  I 'm the same human , I 've got the same heart I had five years ago , " she says . "  All the things about me are the same -- same skin , same human -- so it 's not a transition . It 's a movement , it 's a growth , it 's a change . " 2 . Miley has doubts too . Yes , Miley had some reservations along the way . After debuting her single "  We Ca n't Stop , " there was a moment when she questioned whether her single was going to break through . "  You can never be sure when it comes to your first single , " Cyrus said . "  You can always think , ` this is going to be the biggest song in the world , ' and it 's not going to happen . " However , Cyrus went into full promo for the song , and the rest is history , with "  We Ca n't Stop " hitting No. 1 . Miley Cyrus to ` Harper 's Bazaar ' : ` I 'm an adult and I 'm acting like a kid ' 3 . Miley 's mom is her homey . While it was questionable where then-fiancé Liam Hemsworth and dad Billy Ray Cyrus were in this documentary , the bond between Miley and Tish was evident . "  My Mom is my homey ! If I win , then she wins -- not because she 's my manager , but because she 's my mom , " the singer explained . "  I think she keeps me , like , less anxious , because I do get so overwhelmed when I 'm gon na perform , because everything has to be perfect . " As Miley 's antics were examined with a fine-tooth comb , Tish maintained her spot as Miley 's support system . "  Anyone that 's ever said , ` Where 's her mother ? ' the answer is ` right beside her , ' " Tish said . "  Through good , through bad , through arguments , through crying , through I do n't care what -- right there . " 4 . Pharrell Williams is Miley 's mentor . Supporting Miley throughout her career , Pharrell was the one who suggested the singer chop off her locks . "  You have to remember this a 20-year-old evolving , " Williams said . "  Her dad is Billy Ray Cyrus , her godmother is Dolly Parton , and she 's raised in the era of ` hip-hop is king . ' So when people go and look and ask , ` Why is she twerking , why is she doing this ? ' It 's because she 's a by-product of America . " Miley Cyrus ' VMA foam finger available for all your Halloween needs 5 . Miley is strategic and detail-oriented . Miley truly showcased her strong attention to detail as an artist when she grew frustrated after her plans for a grand entrance on the red carpet at the MTV VMAs fell apart . "  Everything we do has to be a moment , " Cyrus said . "  If I 'm going to do it , it has to be the best , so every detail seems much more magnified to me . I can easily let little things that do n't matter to me that much shut me down completely . " \ There were a few questions still left to ponder : Where was Billy ? Where was Liam ? How did producer Mike Will Made It come into play ? Did your opinions of Miley change ? In the meantime check out EW 's review of "  Bangerz , " which hits stores October 8 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	MTV aired "  Miley : The Movement " on October 2 The program chronicled her triumphs and struggles over four months It showed her life leading up to and following her MTV VMAs performance The takeaways are that she 's still growing , has her doubts and is close with her mom
Editor 's note : Maury Klein is professor emeritus of history at the University of Rhode Island . He is the author of 15 books , including "  Rainbow 's End : The Crash of 1929 " and most recently "  The Power Makers : Steam , Electricity , and the Men Who Made Modern America . " Historian Maury Klein says it 's important to remember that psychology plays a huge role in financial markets . CNN  -- Friday marks the 79th anniversary of the day that launched the stock market crash of 1929 . As an unprecedented wave of selling threw the floor of the New York Stock Exchange into pandemonium on a day that became known as Black Thursday , a show of organized support by a coterie of leading bankers halted the panic . But on the following Monday , the market collapsed in a tsunami of selling . Every intense convulsion of the stock market raises primal fears spawned by the Great Crash of 1929 and the ensuing Great Depression , which dragged on for a full decade and has haunted Americans ever since . The Panic of 2008 is no exception . In the past year , the market 's fall has at times rivaled that of 1929 . Are there connections or similarities between those earlier national traumas and our current crisis ? First some facts about that earlier experience . The Great Crash and the Great Depression were two separate events . The Crash was a financial panic , the Depression an economic downturn . The one does not necessarily lead to the other ; the market has collapsed several times in American history without bringing on a depression . Great Depression holds lessons for surviving a tough economy The Crash began in October 1929 , and the worst of it was over in three weeks ; the Depression did not fasten itself on the nation for another year . To this day , the connection between them remains unclear , which makes it difficult to draw lessons or analogies from them . The Dow plunged 39 percent between October 23 and November 13 , 1929 , but it regained 74 percent of that loss by March 1930 . Only when the economy failed to gain momentum in the spring did the market slip back . By fall the country had slipped into a depression , and the market resumed a downward course that did not touch bottom until July 1932 . It did not again return to the levels of 1929 until 1954 . The Depression did not end until increased military spending revived the economy in the spring of 1940 . The bull market of the 1920s was unique in that it marked the first time large numbers of ordinary people participated . The market moved from Wall Street to Main Street and aroused intense interest even among people who were not active in it . The new investors , or "  fish " as the pros called them , were prone to panic when the market fell sharply . Could it happen again ? History never repeats itself , but historical patterns do -- though always in a new context . Here are just a few of the similarities and differences between the earlier crisis and its modern version . During the 1920s , the financial industry underwent a great expansion , bringing into the business many inexperienced people and new investment vehicles -- most notably the investment trust , the forerunner of the modern mutual fund . Nobody knew what impact they would have on the market with their buying and selling on a large scale . The business world hailed the 1920s as the "  New Era , " one with new rules in which the old pattern of cyclical depressions would no longer occur and prosperity would be continuous . Compare this delusion with the "  New Economy " of the 1990s . The 1920s marked the beginning of the consumer economy , and with it a broad expansion of credit . Installment buying made its debut on a large scale . Credit also was used to buy stocks on margin , greatly increasing the market 's volume and volatility . The banking system was shaky throughout the 1920s , and failures escalated steadily after 1929 . The Crash exposed many cases of fraud that led to investigations and passage of the most significant banking reform in American history . The Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , or FDIC , gave rise to the Securities and Exchange Commission , or SEC , and separated investment banks from commercial banks . The latter reform was repealed in 1999 , giving banks free rein to perform both activities once again . Some differences between the eras are worth noting . Prior to 1933 , the federal government played virtually no active role in relieving the banking crisis of the 1920s . The stock market did not have giant institutional buyers moving huge blocks of stock . Nor did it operate on a global scale , though it was deeply influenced by international events . After the crash , the banks had plenty of money to lend but no takers , the opposite of today 's situation . Deflation became the mortal enemy as people removed their cash from banks and hoarded it . A familiar pattern emerged from these events . Business and the Republican Party in the 1920s demanded and got a "  free " market unrestrained by government . Neither Wall Street nor the New York Stock Exchange was regulated by the government . The resulting disaster prompted outraged demands that Washington "  do something . " Regulation was then forthcoming . Later , as prosperity returned and the market began soaring , the restraints were gradually removed and the pattern of excess began anew until it collapsed once again in our own time . With the fall comes renewed pleas for government to "  do something . " Finally , it is important to remember that psychology plays a huge role in financial markets . Every panic has been at bottom a crisis of confidence . So too with the economy . As Frederick Lewis Allen observed , "  Prosperity is more than an economic condition ; it is a state of mind . " The trick is always to find out what exactly is needed to restore it . We are still fishing for the answer to that riddle . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maury Klein .	Maury Klein : The 1929 market crash and the Depression were separate events Many financial panics have not led to depressions , Klein says Before 1933 , the government was n't active in trying to save banks , he says After crisis , people demanded regulation , which eventually faded , Klein says
Dubai , UAE  CNN  -- A year-long intense diplomatic push by British Prime Minister David Cameron to advance his country 's business interests in the United Arab Emirates may not yet deliver the contracts he was hoping for . During his only international interview on his UAE visit ahead of the official opening of the Dubai Air Show on Sunday , Cameron told CNN the sale of up to 60 BAE Eurofighter Typhoon for $ 10 billion does not have to close this week . "  I 'm very hopeful and we 've made huge progress . And we 're looking at , not just at one particular deal , we 're looking at a proper strategic defense partnership between our countries . I 'm very confident that is on track , " the Prime Minister said . "  I 'm hopeful for good announcements from Airbus , real progress in terms of BAE Systems , lots of British companies here and also big investments being made by the Emirates into Britain . " About 230,000 jobs , government officials suggest , are directly linked to aerospace . Before leaving , those officials said the Prime Minister held meetings with the Prime Minister of the UAE and the ruler of Dubai , Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum and the Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan . The Typhoon is built by Britain 's BAE , Germany 's EADS and Italy 's Finmeccanica , but the U.K. is the lead contractor in negotiations . This is widely viewed as an all out effort to snatch it out of the grasp of French rival Dassault and its jet-fighter offering the Rafale . Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy opened a naval air base in the UAE in 2009 , and there was a widespread belief it was France 's contract to lose , but there was on-going rumblings over pricing in the UAE capital over the past two years , which re-opened discussions for Britain . The British Prime Minister has not hid his desire to advance diplomatic and economic relations with the Gulf states of the Middle East to help secure contracts and therefore jobs back on British soil . British officials here talk of a "  domino effect " if they can close the UAE deal , since others would likely fall into place , as well . On Thursday , Britain announced that the UAE would be one of four Gulf states to have its citizens enjoy the benefits of an electronic visa waiver scheme , which can be obtained 48 hours before traveling . Those two gestures follow a ringing endorsement by the British Prime Minister of Dubai as a candidate city for the 2020 Expo bid which will be decided this month . This past week , his ambassador to the UAE , Dominic Jermey , said Britain is often been seen as the "  eighth emirate . " The UAE is a federation of seven emirates , with Abu Dhabi and Dubai being the two largest , which was founded in 1971 . While business development is being worked on , the so-called P5 +1 talks are scheduled to resume with Iran on its nuclear program . Gulf states are skeptical that Iran will abide by any terms to limit development of that sector . Cameron said sanctions are what brought Iran to the negotiating table , and a deal should not happen prematurely when asked if sanctions could start to be lifted in the first quarter of next year . "  Britain led the way in Europe putting in place those oil sanctions which i think have brought us to this place . And my view is clear , there should n't be removal of sanctions unless there is a good deal . " This year and next are crucial when it comes to strategic business interests , and this extends far beyond what Britain is hoping to secure . The two largest commercial carriers , Dubai-based Emirates and Abu Dhabi-based Etihad are planning to unveil multibillion-dollar plane orders as they experience rapid growth serving as a transport hub between Europe , Asia , Africa and the Americas . Ahead of the official opening of the air show , Boeing released its Current Market Outlook report suggesting that the region will need 2610 new airplanes over the next two decades , with a book value of over a half trillion dollars . Outside the aerospace sector , the UAE has also accepted bids for tenders of its onshore oil and gas fields . For the first time in three-quarters of a century , production sharing agreements are expiring . While past energy production was dominated by Western-led international oil companies working with Abu Dhabi 's national oil company ADNOC , the UAE has let it be known countries which are major importers of its crude will be given equal weighting during this bidding process . The UAE is looking to expand its daily out of crude from 2.9 million barrels a day to 3.5 million by 2017 and sits on roughly 9 % of the world 's proven oil reserves .	David Cameron says sale of BAE Eurofighter Typhoon does not have to close this week About 230,000 jobs , government officials suggest , are directly linked to aerospace Prime Minister has not hid his desire to advance relations with the Middle East
CNN  -- The debates this presidential primary season have been less like Lincoln-Douglas than former heavyweight champ Buster Douglas -- punch-drunk pugilism , providing entertainment and some great upsets along the way . But for all the excitement of the fights , there is a civic cost to the radioactive rhetoric that gets thrown out to excite the conservative crowds . It 's not just that the most irresponsible candidates can play to the base and get a boost in the polls , while more sober-minded candidates like Jon Huntsman fail to get attention . The real damage is to the process of running for president itself . Because when low blows get rewarded , the incentive to try to emulate Lincoln -- holding yourself to a higher standard -- is diminished . And one barometer of this atmospheric shift is in the increasingly overheated rhetoric by candidates attacking the current president . This serial disrespect ends up unintentionally diminishing the office of president itself . Look , I know that politics is a full-contact sport : Elbows get thrown and egos get bruised . But ask yourself if Ronald Reagan ever called Jimmy Carter a socialist or a communist on the stump . Sure , there were deep philosophical and policy disagreements between them , and Carter was called a failed president many times . But there was a lingering respect for the office that retained an essential bit of dignity . It was only the far-right fringe who indulged in the kind of rhetoric we now hear routinely from presidential candidates . For example , Newt Gingrich gained steam early in the primary process by accusing President Obama of having a "  Kenyan anti-Colonial mindset , " and invoking the specter of a "  Obama 's secular socialist machine . " As a highly compensated historian , Newt should have known better than to say that Obama is the "  most radical president in American history . " But then accuracy -- or even aiming in the general vicinity of the truth -- is n't the point . Rick Santorum raised eyebrows this past weekend for saying Obama wants to impose a "  phony theology " on America . Santorum has since tried to clarify that he was not trying to raise doubts about the president 's religion and I 'll take him at his word . Likewise , when Santorum compares GOP primary voters to members of the "  greatest generation " called to act against the rise of Nazi Germany , I 'll assume that Santorum is n't intentionally comparing the president to Hitler . But a month ago , when a Santorum supporter accused Obama of being "  an avowed Muslim " who "  constantly says that our Constitution is passÃ © " and "  has no legal right to be calling himself president " -- Santorum did nothing to correct her . Instead , he told CNN : "  I do n't feel it 's my obligation every time someone says something I do n't agree with to contradict them . " But I think standing up for the truth in the face of unhinged hate is part of a potential president 's job . So did John McCain . Four years ago , at the height of the general election , when a supporter called then-candidate Obama an "  Arab , " McCain corrected her . He said , "  No , ma'am . He 's a decent family man ...  a  citizen that I just happen to have disagreements with on fundamental issues . " That 's the voice of a loyal opposition , putting patriotism above partisanship . Even the sober-minded Mitt Romney has gotten into the hyper-partisan pandering game lately . Maybe he 's trying to compensate for a lack of enthusiasm on the far-right with red meat rhetoric , but the effect is desperate . For example , when Mitt was barnstorming through Florida , a standard part of his stump speech was this : "  Sometimes I think we have a president who does n't understand America . " This line was straight out of the "  Alien in the White House " playbook , a riff that reinforced the worst impulses of some in the audience , as one woman at a Romney rally named Katheryn Sarka eagerly reaffirmed when I asked her what she thought of the line : "  Obama does n't understand America . He follows George Soros . Obama is against our Constitution and our democracy . " After his big Nevada win , this line of Mitt 's scripted victory speech stood out : "  President Obama demonizes and denigrates almost every sector of our economy . " Romney knows this is n't true , but he 's been convinced that it works and he seems to be willing to say whatever it takes to make the sale . Here 's what 's most troubling about this trend : It does n't seem remarkable anymore . For the candidates and many in the press , it is just the new normal , the cost of doing business . The overheated rhetoric simply reflects the conversation that 's been going on at the grassroots for a long time . Like a frog in a slowly boiling pot of water , we do n't realize that the heat is killing us until it is too late -- except that the casualty here is the quality of our civic debate and the bonds that are bigger than partisan politics . It 's naÃ ¯ ve to think it will stop when Mr. Obama is no longer president , whether that is in one year or five . Because the next Republican president will inherit the political atmosphere that 's been created and find that it is almost impossible to unite the nation absent a crisis . Some Democratic activists will no doubt take a tactical page from recent conservative successes . This cycle of incitement -- where extremes inflame and empower each other -- will make our politics more of an ideological bloodsport and less about actually solving problems . Perspective is the thing we have least of in our politics these days . But perspective is what the presidency is all about -- rising above divisions and distractions to make long-term decisions in the national interest . By pouring gasoline on an already inflammatory political environment , the GOP presidential candidates not only diminish themselves , they diminish the process of running for president , and make it less likely that they would succeed in uniting the nation if they actually won the office . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : GOP candidates ' extreme rhetoric against Obama is damaging Politicians like Reagan disagreed with opponents , but with courtesy , he writes Avlon : McCain stood up for Obama in the face of hate ; these candidates do n't Avlon : Inflaming audiences with distortions of the truth will backfire eventually
CNN  -- The peace of mind Paula Fisher sought for herself and her children when she left Pittsburgh nearly two decades ago was shattered outside Franklin Regional Middle School on Wednesday morning . "  It was total chaos , " Fisher said . "  The kids were n't sure if they were supposed to stay in school or leave . They were n't letting anybody in and told us to stay back . There were ambulances running past us . I was able to see a lot of the parents that I know who have children in the high school . " The middle school sits across a field from the Pennsylvania high school where a stabbing spree injured 21 people , authorities said . A suspect , 16-year-old sophomore Alex Hribal , was taken into custody and arraigned Wednesday afternoon on charges of attempted homicide . Speaking at a news conference Wednesday afternoon , Seefeld said that before authorities arrived assistant principal Sam King was "  very admirable " in tackling the suspect and holding him for authorities with the help of another assistant principal , Joan Mellon . Gov. Tom Corbett told reporters that there were "  a number of heroes in this day " and "  many of them are students " who stayed behind to help injured classmates . He said teachers , cafeteria workers , other staff members and school police officer William "  Buzz " Yakshe -- who was injured but who handcuffed the suspect -- ensured that others made it out safely . "  This is obviously a very difficult day for this community , " the governor said . Fisher , who has three children in the high school in addition to one in the middle school , was not surprised King was being praised for tackling the suspect . "  He 's just a wonderful man , " she said . "  He would do anything for your child . He would make sure he would get in touch with you if there were issues . He was very conscientious of what was happening within the friendships that they had . Just an all-around great guy . " She added , "  He would have done it for a stranger or a student or parent . But he was all about the kids so I am not surprised at all that he did try to get involved in stopping this . " Murrysville , with a population of about 20,000 , is a quiet middle-class enclave roughly 20 miles east of Pittsburgh on U.S. Route 22 . "  It was very shocking , " said Fisher , who has lived in Murrysville 19 years . "  We are a tight-knit community . Everybody knows everybody . Even the doctor attending at the closest hospital is a neighbor of ours . Dr.  Mark  Rubino , he knows these children . Watching him , it touches home . " As she spoke on the phone to CNN , she said Rubino , chief medical officer at Forbes Regional Hospital in nearby Monroeville , was live on the television news , talking about the victims and stressing "  the critical nature of their injuries . " "  We are so small compared to other communities , " Fisher said . "  We know each other . For myself , coming from the city of Pittsburgh , I came out here purposely to raise my children in a school district that we felt was safe as well as academically sound . It 's a lot to take in right now . " At Dick 's Diner in Murrysville , Deanna Tevelonis , a 1990 graduate of Franklin Regional Senior High School , said some parents were having breakfast after dropping off their children at school . "  They just kind of hung out until they got a hold of their children and made sure they were OK , " she said . "  They had instructions not to go to the school . You could see the tension on their faces as they waited . " A message on the Franklin Regional School District 's website said all of its elementary schools were closed after the incident , and "  the middle school and high school students are secure . " Franklin Regional Senior High will be closed "  over the next several days , " district Superintendent Gennaro Piraino said . The district 's middle school and elementary schools will be open Thursday , and counseling will be available for the whole district , he said . Fisher said she was running late getting her 13-year-old daughter to the middle school Wednesday morning . By the time they arrived , they had heard about the stabbings on the news . "  She did n't believe it , " Fisher said of her daughter . "  She wanted to get down there as soon as possible . Once we got there , not knowing if her friends were OK , she started getting emotional . " Three of Fisher 's four children attended Franklin Regional Senior High School , she said . One of her daughters graduated last year and is now a freshman at Kent State . "  You see stuff like this all the time on the news , but you do n't know the people , " she said . "  Here , we know quite a few of the families of the injured students . " At the Murrysville Spa , Roseann Markoff cried when she heard about what happened at the school attended by her nephews and nieces . She said she later learned that they were fine . "  It 's heartbreaking , " she said . "  It 's a nice community . The people are very friendly and hard-working . It 's so sad for everyone involved . Something has been taken away forever in your safe community . You see these kids , and you know they 're hurt and they 'll probably have lifelong pain from this . "	Stabbing spree at Pennsylvania high school injures 20 students Mother of middle school student says "  It was total chaos " Murrysville , with a population of about 20,000 , is a quiet residential enclave
Miami  CNN  -- Tilikum , the killer whale that killed a SeaWorld trainer last year , has returned to the stage at the Orlando , Florida , theme park . Tilikum made his return appearance Wednesday morning in front of an audience in the "  Believe " show . Trainer Dawn Brancheau was killed on February 24 , 2010 , when the killer whale -- commonly known as an orca -- grabbed her ponytail and pulled her under the water in front of horrified visitors . Brancheau died from "  multiple traumatic injuries and drowning , " the Orange County Sheriff 's office said at the time of the accident . Anthony Frogameni , Brancheau 's nephew , said the family did not want to comment on Tilikum 's return . "  From the start we 've decided , it 's a large family we all have our different opinions but we 're just not going to talk about that aspect of it -- we 're only going to focus on Dawn , " Frogameni said . The Dawn Brancheau Foundation , which her family founded in her memory , says that the 40-year-old trainer 's hair was especially long the day she was killed because she was growing it out to donate it to Locks of Love . The nonprofit organization provides hairpieces to disadvantaged children dealing with long-term hair loss due to medical treatment . SeaWorld had not answered written questions from CNN as of Wednesday evening , but did issue a statement saying Tilikum 's participation in the shows was "  an important component of his physical , social and mental enrichment . " Since the accident last year , trainers no longer go into the water with any of the orcas at SeaWorld parks . In August , SeaWorld was fined $ 75,000 by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration for three safety violations , including one in connection with Brancheau 's death . The agency 's investigation "  revealed that SeaWorld trainers had an extensive history of unexpected and potentially dangerous incidents involving killer whales at its various facilities , including its location in Orlando , " the OSHA statement said . On this day when Tilikum is the star of the show , Frogameni says , "  We want people to remember Dawn 's life , not that tragic accident . " CNN 's Dugald McConnell contributed to this report .	Tilikum makes his first appearance since killing a trainer in February 2010 Dawn Brancheau , 40 , died when the orca pulled her underwater by her hair Brancheau had been growing her hair for Locks of Love , her family says SeaWorld trainers no longer go into the water with killer whales
New York  CNN  -- Handcuffed to a bed and wrapped in a hospital blanket , a New York nanny accused of killing a sister and her toddler brother pleaded not guilty Wednesday to murder . In a case that has given many parents nightmares , Yoselyn Ortega was watching 6-year-old Lucia and 2-year-old Leo Krim at their Upper Westside Manhattan home in late October when police say she stabbed the kids to death . Their mother came home , police said , and found her children in the bathroom . She also saw the nanny stab herself with a kitchen knife , authorities said . "  This crime shocked and horrified parents around the city , many of whom entrust their children to the care of others both by necessity and by choice , " Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance said in a statement . "  My heart goes out to the family of those beautiful young children , and I hope that , with time , this family will heal . " Wednesday 's hearing took place -- not in a courtroom -- but at Manhattan 's Weill Cornell Medical Center . Ortega , 50 , did not speak , and her lawyer entered her plea for her . The nanny is expected to undergo psychological evaluation , said authorities . She has been indicted and charged with first - and second-degree murder in both deaths . A native of the Dominican Republic , Ortega had been a naturalized U.S. citizen for 10 years . Her next court date is scheduled for January 16 .	Her next court date is scheduled for January 16 , following a psychological evaluation Yoselyn Ortega , 50 , is accused of murdering Lucia Krim , 6 , and her brother Leo , 2 Police say that on October 25 , Marina Krim found her children dead in the their apartment
CNN  -- There is a story that the first time a Persian ` Qajar dynasty ' king attended a concert during a European tour , he was asked what he liked most about it . "  The beginning , " he answered , having assumed that the sound check was part of the performance . A similar incident happened during the U.N. General Assembly earlier this week . It was a good opportunity to bring together the Obama and Rouhani administrations in order to tune their instruments . While vague expressions such as "  cautious optimism " were tossed around in the media , in reality some American and Iranian journalists -- and political analysts -- were waiting to hear a symphony orchestra performance . This unrealistic enthusiasm was evident in the focus and media speculation given to the story of Presidents Hassan Rouhani and Barack Obama accidentally -- but apparently on purpose -- bumping into each other . At midnight Tehran time  the early hours of Tuesday morning in New York , the same day that world leaders were about to attend the U.N. luncheon  Shargh , an Iranian reformist newspaper , hurriedly decided to publish a second version of its front-page story reporting a meeting between the two presidents . On Wednesday , the disappointed journalists published a wishful and envious headline that read "  Perhaps Another Time ! " Investing in the probability of a handshake , which would have been symbolically significant despite having little value in terms of political reality , raises a more serious concern . Did Obama and Hugo Chavez shaking hands change U.S.-Venezuela relations ? Having such expectations of diplomacy is like a Persian proverb -- blowing the horn from the bell instead of the mouthpiece . At a time when our traditional slow and gradual courtship process has been replaced by online dating followed by an instant hook-up , it is not surprising to expect overnight miracles in diplomacy . Read more : Iranians warm to possible thaw Let 's take a look at another example . From the day President Nixon took office in 1969 , he wanted to end 23 years of U.S.-China hostility . But he did not shake hands with Mao until after planning , and two trips to China , including one secret visit by his National Security Adviser , Henry Kissinger . Winston Lord , a member of the National Security Council 's planning staff who was with Nixon on that trip says the Chinese reception was "  sort of anticlimactic . " He adds : "  There was n't the color and excitement that one expected . " President Obama and Rouhani did tune their instruments during their speeches at U.N. General Assembly ; Obama said that his administration does not seek regime change in Iran , and Rouhani responded that managing differences is possible . However , with these first indications of a change in Iran-U.S. relations , one should not expect to see an immediate end to chants of "  Down with USA " at Friday prayers in Tehran or across Iranian cities . After Nixon 's trip to China , anti-American sentiments did not completely disappear among the Chinese , but decreased gradually , over time . That shows why , in an editorial piece in Iran 's Revolutionary Guards ' weekly paper on September 21 , a few days before the U.N. General Assembly , Reza Garmabdary , who is the head of the IRGC political research center , wrote : "  the domestic reverberation of interaction -LSB- between the U.S. and Iran -RSB- must be in a way that preserves the people 's rage towards and hatred of the global arrogance . " One might find this suggestion something of a blow to the potential Iran-U.S. rapprochement . But a closer look at the editorial shows that in fact the author gives a green light to an agreement between the Rouhani administration and that of Obama . Contrary to what has been said in the international media over the past few days , IRGC commanders are not opposed to Rouhani and Obama dancing together -- what they do n't want Rouhani to do is actually enjoy the dance . They are warning Rouhani of the cunning tactics of his "  expert and skilled " partner . Read more : Amanpour on why Rouhani may be different The IRGC weekly stresses that Rouhani 's team "  must not express complete satisfaction with possible agreements " and continues to demand that "  strong guarantees must be obtained for every possible agreement and a major part of the guarantees must be unilaterally offered to Iran . " According to the piece , the back door should always remain open and no bridges should be burnt . Such advice could enrage those who are against negotiations with Iran . But the truth is that the IRGC is looking at the situation as cautiously and realistically as some of its die-hard enemies in the U.S. . Some analysts apologetically argue that the first part of Rouhani 's speech at the U.N. General Assembly was merely targeted to his domestic audience , including the Revolutionary Guards . Undoubtedly , the prologue to the speech was filled with jargon and a combination of different theories on humanities and social science . In other words , he was criticizing the current world order and accusing the West of considering itself as "  superior " and the rest of the world  ie . Iran  as "  inferior . " It is possible that he intended to convey this message using complicated language not to draw too much criticism , but the fact that Rouhani and his accompanying team could truly believe in such sentiment and not only planned to appease the Iranian hardliners can not be ruled out . The ruling elites of Iran are not happy with the current state of world affairs ; the difference , however , is that some leaders such as Rouhani want to change the situation and obtain a better position in the world via interaction , while others seek confrontation . Let 's not forget that Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei , has tested both interaction and confrontation during his 24 years in charge . Previously , as soon as he allowed one group to try an approach , he had to face the criticism of a rival group . Today , however , all of Iran 's power players are in agreement , letting Rouhani test the negotiation approach . For example , Judiciary Chief Sadeq Larijani described Rouhani 's U.N. speech as reasonable and said : "  Provided that the conditions are fair , honorable and -LSB- there is -RSB- mutual respect , Iran has nothing against negotiations -LSB- with the U.S. -RSB- . " This is the first time that Iran 's political elites have spoken in a unified voice . Read more : One day , U.S. and Iranian president might shake hands The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Reza Eshraghi .	Some were overly enthusiastic about meeting between Iranian , U.S. presidents , writes Eshraghi He asks : Did Obama and Chavez shaking hands change U.S.-Venezuela relations ? Do not expect to see an end to "  Down with USA " chants across Iran , he writes Eshraghi : Leaders like Rouhani want to obtain a better position in the world via interaction
The man 's anger at authorities giving a briefing on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 could not be contained . He screamed at the screen as a promised video conference with Malaysian authorities became the latest part of the aftermath of the plane 's disappearance to encounter technical difficulties . "  You 're all bloody liars , and you 're lying to us again , " the Chinese man said , according to a translation . Families of the passengers on the missing plane in attendance at the Beijing briefing Wednesday exploded in anger and stormed out . "  We will request their team of experts to come to Beijing to conduct face-to-face communications and fulfill their commitment , " said Jing Hui , a spokesman for some of the families . "  What Is the truth ? What problem do they want to cover up ? " The families have 26 questions they want answered now . The queries were posted on the social media site Weibo by a committee representing some of the passengers ' relatives . Some of the "  questions " are requests that evidence be shared with them , including the flight 's logbook and recording of air traffic control on March 8 , the night the plane disappeared with 239 people aboard . Most of the people on the plane were Chinese , and their families have become very distrustful of Malaysian government authorities and officials with the airline . That was apparent in the request for MH370 's log book . John Goglia , a former member of the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board , told CNN the log is usually on the plane and even if it was n't , investigators would n't reveal specific information from it . He also said a request for phone numbers of investigators would be denied . But the other 24 questions and requests ? "  These are not state secrets so the families should have access to all of that kind of information , " he said . Many of the 26 questions focus on technical issues involving emergency locator transmitters , or ELTs , and "  black boxes . " With an apparent in-depth understanding of how these work , the families ask about the specific technology on the missing plane . ELTs are designed to activate after a crash and send a signal to a frequency monitored by air traffic controllers . "  Black boxes , " or voice and data recorders , could shed light on what went on in the plane 's cockpit and other crucial flight information . The families ' final seven questions involve "  protocol , " including this : What did Malaysia Airlines do when the flight went missing ? The families also ask whether search and rescue teams have final results from searched areas , and whether the Malaysian government could specify the rights of family members "  to know the facts of cases or the details of an incident . " Malaysia Airlines has said it shares all the information it has with appropriate authorities . In a video message this month , Hugh Dunleavy , the airline 's commercial director , said the company shares the same "  fundamental requirement " as the families : to find out what happened . Malaysian authorities have come under criticism repeatedly for their handling of the investigation . But the government has insisted it 's doing what it can to get to the bottom of what happened and support the families . "  We understand that it has been a difficult time for all the families . And we appreciate that many families want to see physical evidence before they will accept that MH370 ended in the southern Indian Ocean , " acting Transport Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said at the end of March . " ... The question that the families principally want answered , is the question we simply do not have the answer to -- namely , where their loved ones are , and where is MH370 . " A week earlier , Hishammuddin made a pledge to the families : "  We will do everything in our power to keep you informed . " Bluefin-21 completes ` full search ' After two previous setbacks that officials called minor , an underwater vessel searching for traces of MH370 resurfaced Thursday morning after completing what search officials called a "  full mission . " The Bluefin-21 has now searched a total of 90 square kilometers  34.7 square miles  in its first three trips to the ocean floor . On its second trip the Bluefin was forced to resurface after 11 hours because it needed to have a technical issue addressed . Part of the equipment designed to help the Bluefin-21 move deeper and avoid seepage was low on oil . Officials replenished the supply and redeployed the vessel . The Bluefin-21 has its electronics sealed in bottles so they are protected from saltwater . As the probe moves deeper and the pressure increases , the operating system pushes oil into these bottles . The oil counters the pressure and prevents saltwater from seeping in . If oil fills the container , there 's no space for saltwater . "  In no way should this suggest that  the AUV  is not ` hardy ' enough to be working at this depth . On the contrary , it is absolutely the best piece of equipment for the job we are doing , " a source close to the operation said , adding that technical issues are common at great depths . Data from its second and third mission have been downloaded , the Australian Joint Agency Coordination Centre said . There were no "  significant detections " during the second search . 24-hour mission Bluefin-21 takes two hours to get near the ocean floor and another two hours to return to the surface . It aims to map the ocean floor for 16 hours to retrieve data , which then take four hours to analyze . The vessel searches maximum depths of 4,500 meters  14,764 feet  , and before the technical interruption , it was scheduled to complete its second dive about 10 a.m. ET , a source said . The U.S. Navy has determined the seafloor in the search area reaches a maximum depth of 4,600 meters  15,092 feet  . The Bluefin operators said they can reprogram it to operate at 5,000 meters  16,404 feet  , meaning it can search the originally designated area , which is thought to have yielded the most promising clues . It is where a second audio signal that searchers thought was manmade and the right frequency to belong to the flight data recorder 's emergency beacon . The quality of the "  ping " led authorities to focus the underwater search in the area . An oil sample taken from a slick on the surface in that section of the ocean is at a lab being analyzed to see if it is an aviation or maritime fluid . ` Garbage patch ' "  We have known a long time that especially the recent search area , the new search area they are looking at now , there 's a lot of debris there because it is close to what we call the garbage patch , and that 's where all of the garbage accumulates , " said Erik Van Sebille , a physical oceanographer at University of New South Wales . "  There are five in each basin and one in the Indian Ocean . Everything that has been thrown in the ocean in the last 50 years and still floating is somewhere in this garbage patch . " Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished on March 8 with 239 people aboard after taking off from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , bound for Beijing . With no debris found after weeks of searches and no possible pings from the plane 's "  black boxes " detected in a week , officials said it 's time to focus the search underwater . While air and sea surface searches continued Thursday in a zone centered about 2,170 kilometers  1,348 miles  northwest of Perth , those searches are probably nearing an end . Still , Thursday 's surface search area grew significantly to 40,349 square kilometres  15,578.8 square miles  .	Ocean is a depth the Bluefin probe should be able to handle , U.S. Navy indicates "  You 're all bloody liars , and you 're lying to us again , " says angry man at families ' briefing Families want log , official phone numbers , other data Officials say Bluefin-21 completed its third mission with no hiccups
CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama was expected to make headlines in Europe with her style and flair as she accompanied her husband to the Group of 20 summit , but it was a simple gesture that has set off a media frenzy . Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II and first lady Michelle Obama embrace while meeting Wednesday in London . While meeting Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II in London on Wednesday , the two women briefly embraced -- not your typical scene at Buckingham Palace . The British media called it everything from a breach of protocol to an extraordinary show of affection from the queen . The Times of London proclaimed it a "  touching moment , " and the palace apparently agreed . "  This was a mutual and spontaneous display of affection and appreciation between the queen and Michelle Obama , " a palace spokeswoman said . CNN 's Carol Costello talked about the moment Thursday with Charles Mosley , author of "  Blood Royal , " on CNN 's "  American Morning . " CNN : According to our tabloids in the United States , the meeting went really well . What 's your take ? Mosley : Absolutely . What is astounding is the picture of the queen with her arm around Michelle Obama and Michelle Obama 's hand around the queen , too . But the queen made the first move . This is the most astounding thing because the queen is not known for being touchy-feely . Indeed , her son Prince Charles complained on one occasion that he was n't given enough affection when he was a child . She 's obviously a late developer . CNN : What 's the big deal -LSB- about touching the queen -RSB- ? Mosley : The big deal is that the queen is normally a sacred person . In monarchies , there 's a sacredness that surrounds the sovereign , which is perhaps not known in republics , at least not all the time in the way that it is in a monarchy . She 's been on the throne a very , very long time , and she is herself a very dignified person , all the more so because of her relatively short stature . Watch to see if "  hugging " the queen broke protocol " One of the things one saw yesterday was the way -LSB- President -RSB- Obama and Michelle towered over the queen and indeed Prince Philip . CNN : By the queen putting her hand on the small of Michelle Obama 's back , does that signal friendship ? The queen said something to Michelle Obama toward the end of the meeting about keeping in touch . Mosley : Certainly , keeping in touch is meant quite literally . Yes , it 's a very significant gesture ; she 's not known for this kind of thing . amFIX : Your thoughts on Michelle Obama and the queen CNN : Let 's talk about the other gesture : the gift of the iPod . Some tabloids are calling it the "  i-Dud " in the sense that this was n't a great present to give the queen . What do you think ? Mosley : Not a bad one at all . The queen is actually quite technologically advanced . She uses e-mail to a much greater extent than most members of the royal family and particularly much more than her son , who is a bit of a technophobe . CNN : -LSB- The queen gave the president a silver-framed photograph of herself and her husband . -RSB- Was it a recent picture of the queen and Prince Philip at least ? Mosley : That I do n't know . If it 's the same as she gives everybody , it must be a sort of middle period picture because it would have to cover so many years . On the other hand , it may well be that this gesture of terrific friendship and affection for Michelle Obama was her way of saying , "  Sorry , I should have given you something more personal . "	First lady Michelle Obama and Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II briefly embrace Some papers call it a breach of protocol , others an extraordinary show of affection "  The queen made the first move , " royal observer says , calling it astounding "  The queen is not known for being touchy-feely , " he says
Mashable  -- In an interview that will air tonight on ABC 's "  World News with Diane Sawyer , " Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg talked frankly about an upcoming IPO , the Facebook movie , a shady lawsuit and much more . As far as the movie "  The Social Network " is concerned , Zuckerberg seemed to echo Facebook co-founder Dustin Moscovitz 's opinion that the film seems a lot more exciting than the real-life version of Facebook 's history . "  I just think people have a lot of fiction ... . The real story of Facebook is just that we 've worked so hard for all this time , " Zuckerberg said in his interview with Sawyer . "  I mean , the real story is actually probably pretty boring , right ? ... We just sat at our computers for six years and coded . " Somewhere in that six years of coding , however , it is alleged that Zuckerberg signed a contract that would give ownership of his website to a web designer and former associate at Harvard , one Paul Ceglia . Although a Facebook lawyer said yesterday the company is "  unsure " whether such a contract was ever signed , Zuckerberg told Sawyer unequivocally , "  We did not sign a contract that says that -LSB- Ceglia has -RSB- any right to ownership over Facebook . " As far as an initial public offering of stock is concerned , Facebook 's IPO is one of the most hotly anticipated by many in the tech world . The company is currently valued at upwards of $ 20 billion and is expected to generate around $ 1 billion in revenue in 2010 . Zuckerberg told Sawyer that , while he and the rest of the Facebook team are still rather single-mindedly focused on product , "  At some point along the path , I think it 'll make sense to have an IPO . But we 're not running the company to do that . We 're running the company to serve more people . " Of course , Sawyer 's interview also touches on the privacy debacle  "  We have made mistakes , for sure , " said Zuckerberg  and the site 's crossing the 500-million-user mark  Zuckerberg said the journey had been "  surreal "  as well as several other topics . Check your local listings to find out when the program will air in your area , and in the meantime , check out these two teaser clips from ABC . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Zuckerberg says "  The Social Network " seems a lot more exciting than the real-life history The CEO denies ever signing a contract that gives ownership of his website to Paul Ceglia "  At some point along the path , I think it 'll make sense to have an IPO , " Zuckerberg says The interview will air tonight on ABC 's "  World News with Diane Sawyer "
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  A suicide blast targeting a bus station in northeast Nigeria on Sunday killed at least four people and injured 48 others . There was no immediate claim of responsibility , but previous bombings in the region have been blamed on Boko Haram Islamists by authorities . The attack happened in the town of Potiskum , police and hospital sources said . "  We have received four dead bodies and 48 people with several degrees of injuries from the bus station attacked by a suicide bomber , " a paramedic at the Potiskum General Hospital said . The explosion rocked the Tashar Kunne open-air bus station on the outskirts of the town Sunday morning when the young suicide bomber rammed his car into parked buses waiting to fill up with passengers , witnesses said . "  The bom ber looked around 13 and he drove his car into buses waiting for passengers , resulting in an explosion that shook the whole area , " said grocer Hamza Ibrahim , who witnessed the blast . The suicide attack caused a stampede in the Potiskum main market which is held on Sunday , with traders and shoppers hurriedly evacuating the market , residents said . The attack happened a week after two female suicide bombers attacked a mobile phone market in the town , killing four and injuring 46 , according to hospital sources . Potiskum , the commercial capital of Yobe state , has been repeatedly rocked by deadly Boko Haram bomb and gun attacks during the group 's armed attempt to establish a strict Islamic state in northern Nigeria .	A witness says the bomber appeared to be about 13 Previous bombings in the area have been blamed on Boko Haram
Washington  CNN  -- Members of Congress are quick to say they support the troops and veterans , but the number of elected officials who have served has plummeted to its lowest point since World War II . Only 20 % of the 535 members of the new Congress have served in the military , 25 from the Senate and 90 from the House of Representatives . Juxtapose that with 1975 , when over 70 % of those elected had served in the armed forces . Pre-World War II data on veterans serving is difficult to find , according to the Senate Historical Office . With the nation currently facing two wars , one group worries about the effects the dwindling numbers may have on defense decisions . "  It 's not always that veterans care more about defense issues , but those politicians who have served in the military understand to a much greater degree what they are voting on , " said Seth Lynn , executive director of Veterans Campaign , a group that trains veterans to run for public office . "  Having members in Congress with military experience is crucial to effective civilian control of the military , " Lynn added . Today , some of the most prominent voices on military , foreign affairs and veterans issues are themselves veterans . Among them are Vietnam vets Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , who was a prisoner of war for more than five years ; Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts ; and Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia . Sen. Scott Brown , R-Massachusetts , is currently in the National Guard and Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , is in the Air Force Reserves . Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-California , is a veteran of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars . Despite the continuous drop in the number of veterans elected to Congress , funding for veterans ' issues have not taken a hit . The Veterans Affairs budget went up 16 % in 2010 , the largest single-year increase in over 30 years according to the department . The defense budget has also grown considerably in the last decade . "  Over the past four years , Congress has elevated priorities and expanded benefits and services to all U.S. veterans to the highest levels in quality and funding in our country 's history , " said Sen. Daniel Akaka , D-Hawaii , chairman of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee . "  I believe that Congress will continue to hold veterans ' issues and needs at the forefront even with a reduction of congressional members who are veterans . " A government expert who studies Congress said a concern like Lynn 's dates back to the country 's founding fathers . "  What this reflects is a classic debate of descriptive representation , meaning do I need a person that is a member of my group to adequately represent my views in Congress , " said Michele Swers , an associate professor at Georgetown University . Swers believes where this matters most is in a party 's ability to sway public opinion and gain credibility on its proposals , for example , the opinion of a doctor serving in Congress on the health care debate may hold more weight with the public . President Barack Obama 's top military adviser voiced concerns recently about what he sees as a disconnect between the civilian and military worlds , claiming most Americans know "  precious little " about the military and the military needs to work harder to justify itself to the public . "  To the degree we are out of touch , I believe it is a very dangerous force , " Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said at a conference on military professionalism last week . The drop of veterans in Congress may be attributed in part to the end of the draft system in 1973 , according to the Congressional Research Service , but Lynn 's group says there is more to the drop off than just a decline in the number of vets in the population "  The cost of running a campaign has skyrocketed , especially with the need to buy TV commercials , and that creates a barrier of entry to people coming out of the military  who  do n't have the financial ability that others in different professions have , " said Lynn , whose group is trying turn the decline around . The group also claims that the increased partisanship in Congress is a turnoff for vets . "  Military members have served overseas and seen that the enemy is the guy at the end of the battlefield , not the guy on the other end of the aisle , " said Lynn .	115 members of the new Congress -- 20 % -- have served in the military In 1975 , 70 % of the members of Congress were veterans The top U.S. military advisor is concerned about a disconnect between the military and civilians
CNN  -- With Cristiano Ronaldo misfiring in front of goal it was left to Real Madrid defender Pepe to grab the winner as Los Blancos took closer order in the La Liga title race Sunday . Portugal 's Pepe rose unmarked to head home Luka Modric 's free kick early in the second half to give his side a 1-0 win at Espanyol . "  He is having a very good season , " coach Carlo Ancelotti said of the veteran defender after his team kept a third consecutive clean sheet . "  At first he was hesitant about staying and I told him that he was important for us . It is no coincidence that the team has done better defensively in recent matches . The defenders have improved a lot . " With Barcelona and Atletico Madrid drawing 0-0 Saturday , the victory drew Real to within three points of the leading duo in a three-way title race . Ronaldo may be hot favorite to be crowned as the world 's best player at the Ballon d'Or awards in Zurich Monday , but for once his famed finishing deserted him in this vital match for his side . Espanyol might have taken an early lead when Cristian Stuani headed wide , but the visitors took command and Ronaldo wasted his first chance after being set up by Karim Benzema . France forward Benzema headed just wide from a Gareth Bale cross just before halftime and it was Pepe who finally found the net soon after the break . A second appeared inevitable when Ronaldo broke clear but he was left ruefully shaking his head as Espanyol goalkeeper Kiko Casilla made another superb save . Another opportunity to get on the score sheet also went begging with the goal at his mercy after Casilla had saved from Benzema . But in the end Carlo Ancelotti 's men easily held out for the victory while Ronaldo will now be hoping he can get the better of Barcelona 's Lionel Messi and Franck Ribery of Bayern Munich in the battle to be crowned as top player on the planet . "  He 's a born winner and , despite the win , he does n't feel like he did everything that he could because he did n't score , " teammate Sergio Ramos said of the 2008 world player of the year . "  He knows that it was a very important win for the team . If I had my way , I would give it to him . There are a lot of people who think so around the world . The statistics are there to see , and he has broken almost every record out there . Maybe this year he deserves it more than others . " Earlier Sunday , reigning Serie A champions Juventus claimed a club record 11th successive win to maintain an eight-point lead over Roma at the top . Fernando Llorente scored twice for Juve in the 4-1 win at Cagliari , who had taken the lead through Mauricio Pinilla after 21 minutes . Claudio Marchisio and Stephan Lichsteiner grabbed the other goals for the visitors . Manchester United manager David Moyes was among the crowd at the match , increasing speculation over his intentions in the latest transfer window . Roma beat Genoa 4-0 and third placed Napoli , a further two points adrift , won 3-0 at Verona .	Real Madrid win 1-0 at Espanyol in La Liga Cristiano Ronaldo fails to score , Pepe heads winner Ronaldo favorite for Ballon d'Or award for 2013 Juventus extend club record to 11 wins
CNN  Several of the world 's worst terrorist groups , like ISIS and Al-Shabaab , aim to create societies governed by strict , distorted versions of Sharia law . That means anyone who does n't subscribe to such extremist views are enemies and in danger -- Christians included . Of course , Christians are n't the only ones who have suffered at the hands of such organizations . For example , most victims of ISIS are fellow Muslims who refuse to go along with the ISIS worldview and ruthless tactics . Still , there 's ample evidence that Christians have been targeted . The latest came Friday , when an Italian prosecutor revealed that a network of Pakistanis associated with al Qaeda talked about attacking the Vatican back in March 2010 . "  This is ... a reminder about the world we 're in right now , " U.S. Rep. John Delaney , D-Maryland , told CNN on Friday . " ... I do think there 's a larger narrative about Christian persecution  by  militant groups around the world . " This attack was n't carried out , but many others have been . Some acts are not centrally organized but are no less horrific , such as reports that Muslim migrants threw 12 Christians off a boat in the Mediterranean Sea . Other deadly acts and alleged plots have been blamed on established terror groups , including these recent examples : Sid Ahmed Ghlam asked for an ambulance to come to his Paris home on Sunday after  he claimed  he accidentally shot himself in the thigh . Besides getting medical help , Ghlam was arrested after authorities found four Kalashnikov guns , a revolver , ammunition , police armbands and more in his car and residence , Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins said on Wednesday . They also turned up "  documents in Arabic mentioning al Qaeda and ISIS " and correspondence with someone in Syria "  asking him to target a church . " Prime Minister Manuel Valls later went to a church in the Paris suburb of Villejuif , one of the at least two such Christian places of worship that Ghlam allegedly targeted . While he did n't elaborate , Molins said that the satellite navigation system in Ghlam 's car -- which included a loaded Kalashnikov and more -- had one church 's location plugged in . It 's not clear what group , if any , Ghlam was working with or possibly getting orders from . Still , authorities flatly characterized him as a terrorist -- linking him to the death of 32-year-old Aurelie Chatelain , whom Molins called the region 's first victim of terrorism since the Charlie Hebdo massacre and kosher market siege in January . Regardless of whether Ghlam is ever convicted in Chatelain 's killing , it appears unlikely that he 'll be able to commit more violence anytime soon . "  A terrorist attack has been foiled , " French President Francois Hollande said . ISIS has turned its beheadings of hostages into horror shows , producing propaganda videos seemingly aimed at producing the maximum amount of terror . What set the one from April apart were the number of people killed and that they were Christians from Ethiopia . Ethiopia 's government said Monday that 30 of its citizens were among two groups of prisoners shown being beheaded in Libya in a video released a day earlier , according to the Ethiopian News Agency . That 39-minute video shows one set of captives killed on a beach along the Mediterranean Sea , while the other group is taken hundreds of miles away , to southern Libya . "  All praise be to Allah , the Lord and cherisher of the world and may peace and blessings be upon the Prophet Mohammed , " the video 's narrator says in Arabic . "  To the nation of the cross , we are back again on the sands , where the companions of the Prophet , peace be upon him , have stepped on before , telling you : Muslim blood that was shed under the hands of your religion is not cheap . " The same video brazenly claims that ISIS has been merciful to Christians in Iraq -- by giving them the choice of paying a fine if they refuse to convert to Islam . But not all have taken this offer , according to a different speaker . "  The Islamic State has offered the Christian community this many times and set a deadline for this , " this speaker says , using the name ISIS calls itself . "  But the Christians never cooperated . " Everyone at Kenya 's Garissa University College suffered in some way when a handful of Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed the campus early this month . But death was reserved for Christians . According to AFP , the terrorists separated students by religion -- allowing Muslims to leave and killing Christians . Nightmare accounts soon emerged , like that of Cynthia Cherotich , who told CNN that she he hid in her closet when gunmen burst in and called out two of her roommates . "  The attackers  told them if you do n't know to read to them in the Muslim word , ... then you lie down , " recalled Cherotich , who refused to come out for two days . "  And then , if you know , you go to the other side . " This tactic of separating non-Muslims from Muslims mirrors what Al-Shabaab attackers did in December at a quarry in the Kenyan village of Kormey , where at least 36 were killed , according to the Kenyan Red Cross . One of Al-Shabaab 's explicit aims is to turn Somalia , its home base , into a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council of Foreign Relations . But that 's not its only apparent goal , as the group has increasingly branched out -- including into neighboring Kenya , which is 80 % Christian -- to inflict pain and terror . After the the Kenya university attack , which left nearly 150 people dead , Nadif Jama , Garissa 's regional governor , dismissed Al-Shabaab 's claims that it only kills non-Muslims as "  a tricky way of doing business . " "  The fallacy and satanic mindset of Al-Shabaab is that , in Somalia , they kill Muslims and Somalis , " Jama said , claiming the group 's militants are "  bent on nothing but destruction . ... That is something we need to fight . " Two suicide blasts rocked a Christian community in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore , killing at least 14 people and wounding scores more , according to officials . And that 's just the beginning , pledged the Pakistani Taliban . One of the blasts left behind panicked residents , twisted metal and shattered glass outside a church compound in the Nishtar Colony of Lahore , according to video aired by CNN affiliate GEO News . Afterward , Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan claimed responsibility for the carnage and promised more such attacks until Sharia law is implemented in Pakistan . These blasts recalled one from September 2013 , when 81 people died in a suicide bombing at the All Saints of Church of Pakistan in Peshawar . Two attackers burst into the church filled with about 500 people right as services concluded , blowing themselves up , according to the Protestant diocese . Choir members and children attending Sunday school were among the dead . In a subsequent statement , the Rev. Humphrey S. Peter , the bishop of Peshawar , called the attack a "  total failure " of official efforts to protect minorities such as Christians , who make up less than 3 % of Pakistan 's population . Sadly , the shock of the mass killings of the Ethiopian Christians in April may have been dulled simply because of a nearly identical atrocity a few weeks before . ISIS released a five-minute video in February showing the mass murder of Coptic Christians from Egypt . Produced by the Islamic State 's propaganda wing al-Hayat Media , the video shows black-clad jihadists standing behind their victims on a Libyan beach . Some of the hostages cry out "  Oh God " and "  Oh Jesus " as they are pushed to the ground , just before they take their final breaths . "  The sea you have hidden Sheikh Osama bin Laden 's body in , we swear to Allah , we will mix it with your blood , " a masked man says in English before the beheadings . News of this mass beheading emerged weeks after 21 Egyptian Christians were kidnapped in two incidents in the Libyan coastal city of Sirte . The ISIS video shows the beheading of around a dozen men , though Egyptian officials say all 21 kidnapped Christians were killed . Egypt 's government responded with airstrikes on 10 targets used for training and storage in ISIS ' Libyan stronghold of Derna , according to Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry . "  Avenging Egyptian blood and punishing criminals and murderers is our right and duty , " the Egyptian military said in a statement that was broadcast on state television . Modern-day Assyrians are a significant part of human history , tracing their roots back to one of the earliest civilizations . Their ancestors were also some of the first people to embrace Christianity in large numbers . Now the Assyrians are battling ISIS for survival in their native Syria and Iraq . This fight came into focus in February , when the militant group took over villages and took more than 260 Assyrians hostage in northeastern Syria , according to Osama Edward , the founder of the Assyrian Human Rights Network . Edward expressed fears then that these Assyrians in Syria would meet the same fate as others in neighboring Iraq . Some of the Assyrian hostages taken in February have been released , but the fate of many more remains unknown . Even those not in captivity face dire threats , given ISIS 's well-established reputation of offering little to no mercy to Christians . The number of Christians in Iraq has plummeted -- from 1.5 million some 20 years ago to some 300,000 today , according to estimates from CAPNI , the largest Christian relief organization in northern Iraq . ISIS is n't the only reason for this drop , but it certainly is a big one . The militant group has been brazen in its onslaught in Iraq as well as Syria , with Christians among its targets . That includes its taking over Iraq 's largest Christian city , the mostly Assyrian community of Qaraqosh , in August 2014 . ISIS has inflicted pain and suffering well beyond Qaraqosh , though , like its capture and control of Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city . The group 's advance there prompted Christian families to flee rather than adhere to the ultimatum of converting to Islam , paying a fine or facing "  death by sword . " Mark Arabo , a Chaldean-American leader and spokesman for the group Ending Genocide in Iraq , claims that Iraqi Christian children have been beheaded , mothers raped and fathers killed by ISIS militants in recent months . "  This is truly a living nightmare that 's not going away , " Arabo told CNN . "  Christianity in Mosul is dead , and a Christian holocaust is in our midst . "	An Italian prosecutor announces suspected al Qaeda affiliates may have targeted the Vatican ISIS produced propaganda videos showing beheadings of Egyptian , Ethiopian Christians Al-Shabaab has singled out non-Muslims to kill them , as at a Garissa University College
CNN  -- Saudi King Abdullah has pardoned a rape victim who had been sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison in a case that sparked international attention , a Saudi newspaper has reported . The case cast light on the treatment of women under Saudi Arabia 's strict Islamic law . Al-Jazirah newspaper quoted a Saudi Justice Ministry official saying King Abdullah issued a royal pardon Monday -- the same day that the Hajj , the annual Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca , begins in Saudi Arabia . The victim 's husband told CNN he has not received an official letter regarding her pardon , but considers it to be legitimate since it was announced in an official Saudi newspaper . He thanked King Abdullah for the pardon , saying : "  This fatherly care and noble gesture will help  in  lifting the emotional and psychological stress and suffering that our family has been enduring . " "  This is not something new because we know that the King was always generous in dealing with his people and the entire world , " the husband said . "  This week , we have two holidays to celebrate ; the Eid and this great news of the pardon . " Saudi sources told CNN that the king 's pardon was not related to the beginning of the Hajj nor the Eid al-Adha festival that follows , which is normally when the Saudi monarch issues amnesty for prisoners . Watch how Arab media is reporting the story . " Saudi Arabia 's Justice Minister Abdullah Bin Mohammad al-Sheikh told al-Jazirah newspaper that the king felt the pardon would be in the best interests of the Saudi people , and the decision did not reflect any lack of confidence in the Saudi justice system . The White House welcomed King Abdullah 's decision , but National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe stressed that "  this is obviously a matter for the Saudi Arabians and King Abdullah . " A Saudi court ruled the 19-year-old had an "  illegitimate relationship " with a man who was not her husband , and that she was raped after she and the man were discovered in a "  compromising situation , her clothes on the ground . " The rape took place in Qatif in March 2006 when the woman was engaged to be married . The case has drawn international attention , provoked outrage in the West and cast light on the treatment of women under strict Islamic law in Saudi Arabia . The woman was meeting with a man -- described by the woman 's attorney as a former friend from whom she was retrieving a photograph -- when they both were abducted last March . Seven men , convicted of abducting the pair and raping her , were sentenced from two to nine years in prison . Abdul Rahman al-Lahim , the lawyer who represented the woman , faced a disciplinary hearing for "  insulting the Supreme Judicial Council and disobeying the rules and regulations " of the judiciary . The hearing has been postponed . The woman 's husband has been outspoken in his support for his wife . He called a Lebanese TV show to defend her , when a former Saudi judge claimed on the program that she "  spoil  ed  their marital bed " by meeting an unrelated male "  in secret " and admitted her guilt . Al-Lahim has said he hopes the case changes the Saudi justice system . "  We want to highlight the rape crimes in Saudi Arabia and the way they are handled and sentenced in court , " he added . "  This is a new era for all of us . " He said that the rape case had elicited a fierce response , including calls for his beheading . U.S. President George W. Bush said last week that King Abdullah "  knows our position loud and clear " on the case . Under Saudi law , women are subject to numerous restrictions , including a strict dress code , a prohibition against driving and a requirement that they get a man 's permission to travel or have surgery . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom , Saad Abedine and Isha Sesay contributed to this report	NEW : Sources say pardon unrelated to Hajj nor subsequent Eid al-Adha NEW : Justice minister says king felt pardon in best interests of Saudi people Report : King Abdullah pardons rape victim sentenced to 200 lashes A Saudi court had ruled the 19-year-old had an "  illegitimate relationship "
Washington  CNN  -- An election year that was already bad for incumbents is turning out to be worse than they could have ever imagined . An avalanche of crises -- ranging from the killer Ebola virus to ISIS jihadists to a suddenly volatile stock market -- is making it virtually impossible for lawmakers to rely on the inherent advantages of holding office . Instead of highlighting their accomplishments to constituents , incumbents are on defense . The growing troubles are upending plans for the final stretch before the Nov. 4 election that will determine which party will control the Senate . President Barack Obama was forced this week to scrap several campaign appearances to remain in Washington to oversee the Ebola response . The weeks before an election are often volatile but the challenges in this election cycle are particularly acute . "  Other midterms have taken place in chaotic times , " said Julian Zelizer , a professor of history at Princeton University . "  Right now this is a pretty bad one . There are , rationally , a lot of problems that the president and the country are confronting . " Christopher Nicholas , a veteran Republican consultant in Pennsylvania , said the pain of current Democratic lawmakers reminded him of the "  six-year itch " election when George W. Bush 's unpopularity meant a "  thumpin " for his party . "  October 2014 is starting to remind me of October 2006 , which in my professional time was the worst cycle for Republicans , and the best for Democrats , " Nicholas said . Back then , Bush 's Republicans -- like Obama 's Democrats -- could n't catch a break . Powerless in the face of the sectarian explosion engulfing Iraq , and scarred by Hurricane Katrina , Bush limped into the elections and Democrats marched off with the Senate and the House of Representatives . Today , Democrats in tough elections do n't want to be seen with Obama and Kentucky Senate candidate Alison Lundergan Grimes wo n't even say if she voted for the president . The gloomy October is making it easier for Republicans to press their case against Obama and incumbent Democrats . "  This administration could n't run the IRS right , and it apparently is n't running the CDC right , " Mitt Romney told New Hampshire 's NH-1 television station on Wednesday "  And you ask yourself what is it going to take to have a president who really focuses on the interests of the American people ? " Dire warnings about the threat from Ebola and the administration 's response have been percolating on conservative talk radio for weeks . But it took the infection of two nurses to insert the issue into the midterms . In a Colorado Senate debate on Wednesday , GOP Rep. Cory Gardner demanded action amid Republican calls for a travel ban covering the epicenter of Ebola in West Africa . "  If the president is not willing to put into a place a travel ban , then we should have 100 percent screening of the people who are coming from those affected areas , " Gardner said . Democratic Sen. Mark Udall , trailing Gardner in the Rocky Mountain state , hit back by accusing his opponent of complicity in budget cuts for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Potential Republican 2016 challengers are also pitching in , despite Obama 's assurances that the chances of catching Ebola are "  extraordinarily " low . "  The Obama administration has downplayed how transmissible it is , " Senator Rand Paul said in an interview with CNN Thursday . "  If someone has Ebola at a cocktail party , they 're contagious and you can catch it from them . " In an article for CNN.com , Marco Rubio laid out "  5 steps to beat Ebola . " "  This challenge will only be made more difficult because many Americans lack confidence in our government 's ability to effectively confront crises like this one , " he said . Few charges are as damaging for a president as the sense he has lost control and the cascade of dramas over the last six weeks or so has often left the White House struggling to catch up . The multiple crises have also played into a critique that the president is too passive and reacts to , rather than dictates , events . There is also trouble for the White House abroad in the run-up to the mid-terms and Republicans also see an opening against Obama and incumbent Democrats in the fight against ISIS . In one spot , New Hampshire senatorial candidate Scott Brown warned "  radical Islamic terrorists are threatening to cause the collapse of our country . President Obama and Senator Shaheen seem confused about the nature of the threat . Not me . " Meanwhile , stock market losses complicate Democratic attempts to highlight what good economic news there is out there -- including increasingly robust jobs growth and a dip in the unemployment rate to 5.9 percent , the lowest level in six years . But despite being in the box seat in most Senate races , Republicans are hardly basking in popularity -- a fact encouraging to Democrats as 2016 looms . The Republican brand is also battered , following gridlock in Congress and a government shutdown last year , and the unfinished tussle between the establishment and the Tea Party . "  The story of the Republican Party under Obama , no matter how many problems the president faces , is that they have consistently managed to shoot themselves in the foot , " said Zelizer , who is also a CNN contributor .	Incumbents are playing defense as domestic and overseas crises mount . President Obama had to cancel fundraisers this week to oversee the Ebola response . Gloomy October makes it easier for Republicans to make their case against Democrats .
Founded on the heels of America 's civil rights movement , the Southern Poverty Law Center burnished its name with legal wins over white-supremist groups and helped integrate institutions like the Alabama State Police . But it has also stoked anger with the Family Research Council , a conservative Christian policy group that lashed out this week after a 28-year-old gunman stormed their downtown Washington headquarters and opened fire . "  Let me be clear that Floyd Corkins was responsible for firing the shot yesterday , " said council president Tony Perkins . "  But Corkins was given a license to shoot an unarmed man by organizations like the Southern Poverty Law Center that have been reckless in labeling organizations hate groups because they disagree with them on public policy . " Shooting sparks controversy over ` hate ' designation The SPLC has listed The Family Research Council as a hate group since 2010 , pointing to what it describes as its anti-gay propaganda and legislative agenda . In 1999 , an FRC analyst co-authored a document titled "  Homosexual Activists Work to Normalize Sex With Boys , " according to the law center . The booklet , which is not available on the FRC website , reportedly argued that "  the primary goals of the homosexual rights movement is to abolish all age of consent laws and to eventually recognize pedophiles as the ` prophets ' of a new sexual order , " according to the SPLC . The group opposes same-sex marriage and lobbied to prevent the repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , which prohibited military service by openly gay men and women . Perkins said the SPLC "  should be held accountable for their reckless use of terminology that is leading to the intimidation and what the FBI here has categorized as an act of domestic terrorism . " The gunman apparently said , "  I do n't like your politics " during the incident , and had been carrying 15 Chick-fil-A sandwiches , a possible connection to the restaurant chain 's CEO and his stance against gay marriage . Accusations fly after D.C. shooting Corkins , a former George Mason University student , had reportedly worked as a volunteer at an organization serving the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender communities . He allegedly shot a security guard on Wednesday at the building before being wrestled to the ground . But soon after Perkins ' comments , the SPLC defended its classification of the council . "  Perkins ' accusation is outrageous , " said Mark Potok , a SPLC Senior Fellow . "  The FRC and its allies on the religious right are saying , in effect , that offering legitimate and fact-based criticism in a democratic society is tantamount to suggesting that the objects of criticism should be the targets of criminal violence . " Conservatives : Shooting is evidence of war on religion While the SPLC says it distinguishes groups that spread hateful information from violent ones , its final tally , according to Booth Gunter , a SPLC spokesman , largely depends on the answer to a single question : Does a group promote hate ? "  It 's not an estimate of criminality , " Gunter said . "  Some are violent and some are n't . " Earlier this month , the Montgomery-based SPLC came under scrutiny after it announced that it had monitored Wade Michael Page , a 40-year-old gunman and former front-man for a white supremacist rock band . Page killed himself in a suburban Milwaukee parking lot on August 5 after fatally shooting six people in a Sikh temple , less than two weeks after a deadly shooting at a movieplex in Aurora , Colorado . Suspect charged in Family Research Council shooting "  There are thousands of guys like that , " said Gunter . "  Unless we get some information that he 's planning an attack , we do n't usually call law enforcement . " The group instead monitors and publishes material about extremist groups , and offers police training , ranging from how to interpret tattoos to what officers should be aware of during traffic stops . Speckled across the SPLC 's online map is a hive of red numbers that reveals the nation 's "  hate groups . " Information on skinheads , neo-Nazis and Klan members comprise the thousand-plus organizations suspected of spreading hate . Each name is accompanied by a symbol , with characters ranging from a crescent moon , signifying anti-Muslim , to a fist , which points to white nationalism . The privately funded SPLC says it is nonpartisan , funded by member donations and a $ 223 million endowment . But it has been criticized by groups on the right for leaning left . It was incorporated in 1971 , with civil rights activist Julian Bond named as its first president .	The SPLC founded on heels of civil rights movement Family Research Council president is listed as a "  hate group " on the map FRC president says gunman was "  given license " by organizations like the SPLC The SPLC calls the accusation "  outrageous "
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. John McCain , who has held onto his Senate seat for 30 years , seems hesitant to let it go in the next 2016 election . The Arizona senator , who will be 80 years old that year , told reporters on Thursday that he is "  strongly considering " and "  leaning towards " another reelection bid . "  We were talking to our longtime supporters -- many of whom have been with us for many years and we 're grateful for their support -- about the options , and what we see as the future of the party in Washington and here in Arizona , " McCain said after an event at the Ritz-Carlton in Phoenix , according to the Arizona Republic . "  We 're getting a lot of their input as to whether I should run for re-election or not . They know that I am seriously considering it , and leaning towards it . " While his supporters think he has enough steam for another term , McCain said it would be "  a very , very tough campaign . " He has been heavily criticized by conservatives for sticking closer to the center than with them . The Arizona Republic reports that the state 's Republican Party targeted McCain earlier this year for "  being too liberal , " especially with immigration reform . If he decides to throw his hat in the ring , McCain knows the campaign trail will be bumpy . "  Oh , I think you can certainly anticipate it , " McCain said . "  If you 're going to win a campaign , you have to plan for all scenarios , including significant primary opposition . I would n't like to see it , obviously . Unfortunately , we do n't conduct campaigns by unanimous consent . " With a tough primary potentially ahead of him , McCain said he will announce his decision in early 2015 . "  We 've got to get going early next year , " he said . "  We have to prepare , as we always do . Every campaign I 've been in , I 've said , ` Look , this is going to be the toughest . ' You have to assume that . We 've seen , historically , that people who take anything for granted , then they put that election in jeopardy . I 've never done that . "	Sen. John McCain says he 's ` seriously considering ' running for re-election Warns that the campaign will be "  very , very , tough , " starting with the GOP primary McCain will announce his decision in early 2015
CNN  -- One year after leading the New York Knicks to their first division title in nearly two decades , head coach Mike Woodson is out of a job . The Knicks announced Monday they fired Woodson and his coaching staff , days after the team failed to clinch a playoff spot . Woodson 's departure is the first big move by team President Phil Jackson -- who won championships as a coach with the Bulls and Lakers -- since the latter arrived last month . "  I have a tremendous amount of respect for Mike Woodson and his entire staff , " Jackson said in a statement . "  The coaches and players on this team had an extremely difficult 2013-14 season , and blame should not be put on one individual . But the time has come for change throughout the franchise as we start the journey to assess and build this team for next season and beyond . "  Everyone in this franchise owes a great deal of gratitude to what Mike and his staff have done . We wish him the best . " The Knicks finished ninth in the NBA 's Eastern Conference this year with a 37-45 record . Woodson was 109-79 as head coach for the Knicks . CNN 's David Close contributed to this report .	Knicks missed playoffs this year , with 37-45 record Mike Woodson was 109-79 as head coach for Knicks Firing comes month after Phil Jackson becomes team president
CNN  -- Sebastián Piñera is a man on a mission . The Chilean President wants to transform his homeland into a developed nation by 2020 . It 's a big challenge to undertake during a decade that 's already been marred by recession and global economic uncertainty . Yet Mr Piñera seems confident . "  We have invested so much that I hope that the next two years will be a time of harvest , " he told CNN 's Richard Quest . "  We will be able to show to the Chilean people that Chile 's a country which is absolutely able to defeat poverty , to overcome underdevelopment , and to join the First World . " So how does the President intend to turn his plans into a reality ? Chile already has a very pro-business environment , but Piñera wants to open the doors of trade to his country even wider . As one of Chile 's richest men , he is no stranger to business and according to Forbes has amassed a fortune of $ 2.4 billion . He believes his entrepreneurial background leaves him ideally placed to send out a message to the world : Chile is open for business . "  We have realised that we have to be integrated to the world , " he said . "  We have to compete with the world . And that is why we have free-trade agreements , with the US , with Europe , with China , with India , with Japan , with Korea - you name it . "  I think that 's the right path for Chile to become a developed country . " Pinera : U.S. ` printing money ' will not solve economic problems One of the key factors in Piñera 's plan to invigorate the Chilean economy is a move towards digital and knowledge based industries . The country 's Start-Up Chile initiative began in 2010 , and offers high potential global start-ups a $ 40,000 investment . No equity is ceded and the only requirement is that one member of the team live in Chile for six months . By the end of its first phase in 2014 it will have provided grants to 1,000 companies for a total of $ 40 million . Its critics claim the project throws money away and does n't produce any long-term benefits . However , Piñera claims most companies stay long after the initial six month period , creating jobs , mixing with local entrepreneurs and sharing ideas . "  We 're importing and bringing to Chile people that have good ideas , entrepreneurship capacity and the ability to start a business here , " said Piñera . "  What they will teach to our people is very , very valuable . To have a stable economy , to have a stable democracy , and to have a modern government is not enough . We have to build new pillars of development . Education , science and technology , innovation and entrepreneurship , and more equality . " Of course , Chile 's future is n't simply reliant on establishing a sustainable domestic economic policy . It 's also dependent on exterior influences , and like all free-trade economies it has plenty to worry about . The problems in the eurozone , the fiscal cliff in the United States , and the slowdown in China all loom in the air above the presidential headquarters of La Monda Palace . Yet Piñera remains defiant . He said : "  I am very convinced that in these next two years , we will be able - even though the world will be in the middle of a crisis - to keep moving forward . At good pace , and with very good direction . " As a nation Chile is viewed as one of the most stable and secure countries in South America . It 's rich in mineral resources , has low fiscal debt and political stability , and in 2011 its exports grew by 17 % . Piñera attributes Chile 's integration into global markets to its free trade agreements and believes continuing on that path will propel the country to economic stability in spite of negative global factors . He said : "  We decided to integrate our country with the world . That is why we are part of the APEC , we have a free-trade agreement with the European Community , we will be part of the Trans Pacific Partnership , we are part of the Pacific Alliance . That 's key aspects . If you try to only base your development in your local market , that 's not enough . However Piñera knows the hardwork also need to come from Chielans themselves . "  You need to trust your people . And for that you need to improve the quality of education . The quality of training and motivate people to do their best , " he said .	Pinera outlines plans to boost Chilean economy despite global downturn President wants Chile to be part of the ` First World ' by 2020 Free-trade agreements are the key to boosting Chilean industries
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Subtlety may not be in Kevin Smith 's vocabulary , but a lot of off-color words are . They 're sprinkled liberally throughout the writer-director 's new movie , "  Zack and Miri Make a Porno . " Kevin Smith ca n't understand why the word "  porno " is still a hot button for some people . The comedy stars Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks as roommates and longtime friends who decide that the solution to their money problems is to make a porn film . Strong language is nothing new for Smith , whose first film , "  Clerks , " put him on the map with its merrily scatological musings . Though the film had little violence or exposed skin , it was initially given an NC-17 rating by the MPAA based on the language . "  Zack and Miri " was also a possibility for an NC-17 , considered the kiss of death by studios because of distributing and marketing challenges , until Smith argued its merits to the ratings board and received an R . Since "  Clerks , " Smith 's films have been almost wistfully romantic  "  Chasing Amy , " "  Jersey Girl "  or as joyfully profane as "  Clerks "  "  Dogma , " "  Clerks II "  . "  Zack and Miri , " which opens Friday , is a blend of the two Smiths : full of sex and colorful language , but with a sweet side . Indeed , Banks told CNN not to be fooled by the film 's tawdry talk . "  Kevin Smith is a huge romantic , " she said . "  He likes to wrap up the romance in profanity , but the guy is more sweet than spicy . " Watch why "  Zack and Miri " is so controversial " In an interview with CNN , Smith , 38 , cheerfully acknowledged that this is not a film for prudes . The following is an edited version of the conversation . Kevin Smith : There 's a bit of language in this picture . I 'm not going to lie to you . ... I do n't even think of it as salty . To me , it 's just like part of a lexicon . CNN : Well , you do hear it a lot . Smith : Yeah , yeah , yeah , no doubt . We 're raising our kid in a household where people curse , as an experiment . And I think our experiment is working , because I do n't tame my language around the kid . I do n't run up to her and yell -LSB- expletive -RSB- in her face , but I do n't go out of my way to like not curse in front of her . And honestly , ironically , she does n't curse . And I 've tried to get her to curse for like friends and family , because it 's always entertaining to hear a child curse , and she does n't do it . CNN : Well ... I almost hesitate to ask , but tell me what the genesis was of the film . Smith : It 's a movie I 've been researching since I was like 12 years old , to be honest with you . And sometimes three or four times a day . ... But it only really came together when I saw Seth Rogen in "  40-Year-Old Virgin " and instantly fell in love with him and was like , "  I got to work with this guy . " ... So I started thinking about this movie , and immediately it kind of crystallized . Seeing Seth and thinking about porn , I was like , boom , "  Zack and Miri Make a Porno . " I wrote the script with him in mind . And by the time I finished with it , "  Knocked Up " was about to open , and the word was it was going to be huge , so I was like , we missed our window . This guy 's going to be famous , and he 'll want nothing to do with this movie . But I sent him an e-mail anyway where I said , "  Look , man , I wrote this flick with you in mind . Please give it a read . " ... And I got an e-mail back within five minutes that said , "  When I first came to Los Angeles , an agent asked me what I wanted to do with my career . I said I wanted to be in a Kevin Smith movie . That has not changed . Please send me the script ; I would be honored to read it . " And I was , I was like cha-ching ! You know , my God , it worked out . CNN : You 're working with some professionals here , and by that I do n't mean Seth and Elizabeth . I mean working with actual people with porn experience . Smith : We got ourselves a former pro . ... Traci Lords , man . Who , for the last 20 years , has not made an adult film . Has been keeping that industry at arm 's length as she concentrates on a mainstream career and her musical career and stuff like that . But you know , it just seemed like if we 're going to make this movie , Traci Lords would just fit into it so well . We approached her agent , and her agent was like , I do n't know , it 's got "  porno " in the title , she ai n't going to want to do it . Then she heard that Seth was in it , and she heard that I was making it , and so she was like , well , I 'll at least read it . She came over to my house and read it . And I remember , I was sitting downstairs while she was upstairs reading it , and I was like , if I could go back in time and tell the 16-year-old version of me that Traci Lords is going to be hanging out in your living room ... my 16-year-old head would explode . First , the 16-year-old would be like , where 'd you get a time machine , and then the 16-year-old would be like , does she want to have sex with us , and then I 'd have to break it to the 16-year-old that , no , Traci Lords -- even many years from now -- -LSB- is -RSB- still not interested in your fat ass . So , she loved the material . ... Maybe it 's time to embrace it and make fun of it . I said yeah , please do it . Katie Morgan is still active in the adult film industry , and she brought a kind of a current vision to it . She was able to kind of tell me where to put the camera to make things look as convincing as possible . So I was like , wow , man , this chick who most people know from porn has taught me how to direct . So if the movie looks any better than my normal stuff , it 's probably because of Katie Morgan . iReport.com : Will you see ` Zach and Miri ' ? CNN : The title has created some challenges in terms of the marketing , that some newspapers are not taking ads for it and some buses and what have you . What do you make of that ? Smith : I think it 's strange that in this day and age , the 21st century , that people are hung up on a word , and the word is "  porno . " It 's not like we put salacious posters out there . ... The poster is literally stick figures . ... People are afraid like , what if my kid asks what porno is ? Just tell them . Tell your kid that the porno 's not for you . My kid asked me what a porno is , I 'm going to be like , guess what ? Hannah Montana is not in it . Not yet . Are you still interested ? Of course she 's not interested in it , because it has nothing to do with her world . So I just think its kind of sad that like some people lobby against it . Like , based on the dude who called in , or the many people that called in after the Dodgers ran a spot . ... Just tell your kid , man ; just be honest with them . It 's like , look , -LSB- the -RSB- movie 's not for you . ... It 's crazy to me , because it 's like , some people think that it 's real porn that 's being advertised . Can you tell me the last porno that you saw that had the word "  porno " in the title ? Like , it does n't exist . I do n't think it 's ever existed . CNN : I understand that you were able to convince the MPAA to give you an R rating . Did that require any cuts ? And if not , were you surprised ? Smith : Initially , I was kind of surprised that they gave us the NC-17 . Especially because the two areas they focused on were easily addressed : one ... they felt -LSB- was -RSB- gratuitous thrusting in the first porno sequence between Katie Morgan and Jason Mewes , and the other was what we 'll call the egregious bodily fluid shot . ... I was able to go to the appeals process with the film , where you show it to a different audience . ... -LSB- You -RSB- screen it for -LSB- theater owners -RSB- , and then you get up and do 15 minutes on why you feel it should be an R. Joan Graves -LSB- of -RSB- the MPAA gets up and does 15 minutes on why she feels it 's an NC-17 , then you get 10 minutes to rebut , she gets 10 minutes to rebut . You leave the room , and that audience makes the vote . ... You have to win by a two-thirds majority -LSB- to have the rating changed -RSB- . And they changed the rating . -LSB- The -RSB- appeals group that we screened for ... flipped it , gave us an R. And I did n't have to make a single cut , so everything I wanted in the movie is in the movie . That 's kind of cool as a filmmaker . CNN : Your own presidential debate . Smith : A little bit . ... It was kind of like "  Inherit the Wind , " but about porn , not the Scopes Monkey Trial .	Kevin Smith is a fan of being bluntly honest Writer-director ca n't understand why some words , profanity bother people New movie "  Zack and Miri Make a Porno " has rough language but sweet side
CNN  -- Bayern Munich continued their 100 per cent start to the Bundesliga season with an impressive 2-0 win over Schalke in Gelsenkirchen Saturday . The heavyweight clash before a capacity crowd at the Veltins Arena was expected to be a testing encounter for Jupp Heynckes team , but two goals just short of the hour mark from Tony Kroos and Thomas Mueller eased their passage . It left Bayern on a maximum 12 points after four games , heading Eintracht Frankfurt , 2-1 winners at Nuremberg Friday , on goal difference . Two-time defending champions Borussia Dortmund lost ground with a 3-2 defeat at Hamburg to leave them five points adrift of the leading pair . Bayern had been the better side in the first half with the Royal Blues of Schalke unable to create a clear cut opening . German international pair Kroos and Mueller looked dangerous throughout and it was their combination that led to the 55th minute opener . Mueller played in Kroos to beat Lars Unnerstall with a low shot and three minutes later he was also on the score sheet with a fine individual goal . Mueller might have scored a second with a clever back heel , but his team were already guaranteed three points to follow on from their impressive 2-1 Champions Leauge win over Valencia in midweek . Meanwhile , Dortmund 's 31-match unbeaten run came to an abrupt end at struggling Hamburg , who had been without a win . South Korea 's Son Heung-Min scored twice for the home side , including the clinching third . Ivo Ilicevic was also on target for the northerners while Croatia 's Ivan Perisic twice equalized for Dortmund . Mainz also secured their first win of the season as they beat Augsburg 2-0 , while in other matches Fortuna Duesseldorf and Freiburg were goalless and Felix Magath 's Wolfsburg drew 1-1 with promoted Greuther Fuerth .	Bayern Munich win 2-0 at Schalke in Germany 's Bundesliga Bavarian giants have 100 per cent record after four games Champions Borussia Dortmund beaten 3-2 at Hamburg to end unbeaten run Surprise packet Eintracht Frankfurt level on points at top with Bayern
Beijing  CNN  -- In China -- home of manufacturing companies central to global production of Apple iPhones and iPads -- the death of Steve Jobs ' death brought immediate reaction from Chinese netizens and captains of industry . "  When I head the news , I could not hold back my tears , " wrote Yu Minghong , founder and CEO of New Oriental Education , one of the largest private education service provider in China . "  Because of him , the world has become different . Because of him , the boring world has become alive , the glum world has become creative , because of him a drab world has become colorful . " Inside four hours of the announcement , nearly 35 million messages on Sina Weibo on Jobs ' death and 23 million messages of Tencent QQ Weibo , China 's first and second largest microblogging sites . Jobs revolutionized tech industry "  Jobs is the spiritual leader of our time , " wrote @Xiongpeiyun on Sina Weibo . "  I like Steve Jobs more than I like Apple . It 's a huge loss for the whole world . But his life was complete because he had been looking for and found what he loved . I have n't committed whole heartedly to my life like Jobs had been doing . So , next to him , I feel more ashamed than being sad . " Wrote @ QUENTIN_SHIH : "  Only those who are so crazy as to think they can change the world can truly change the world . " "  Certainly Apple has achieved cult-like status amongst young , urban Chinese consumers , " said Duncan Clark , chairman and founder of BDA , a Beijing consultancy company focused on telecom , media and technology sectors . "  Beyond the general public there is a vast , aspiring entrepreneurial class particular focused on understanding what makes successful business people like Steve Jobs tick . " To be sure , Apple 's relationship with China is complicated . The revelation in recent months that as many as 22 fake Apple stores had cropped around China set new standards for piracy -- even in a nation known for counterfeit technology . "  The fact that Apple stores , not just its products themselves , have been copied , shows that it is not just about hardware . The whole Apple experience is something that consumers aspire to , " Clark said . "  The world has lost a true hero and I have lost a friend whose dedication to his company , his customers , and our industry is reflected in the fact that he continued to work while dealing with such a devastating illness , " said Terry Gou , chairman of Foxconn Technology Group , a leading manufacturing partner of Apple with 800,000 employees in China . "  Steve 's spirit will live on forever with those who , like me , had the honor to know and work with him , " Gou said . "  However , everyone has been touched by his genius and , because of this , he has left the world a better place . He will be missed , but never forgotten . " Yang Yuanqing , the CEO of China 's computer powerhouse Lenovo , said , "  As a competitor , he helped ensure all of us pushed even harder . I am confident his legacy will continue to energize the industry for many years to come . " "  Jobs said , ` Remember that you will be dead soon ' , " said Lee Kaifu , venture capitalist and founding president of Google China , referring to Jobs ' famous 2005 Stanford University commencement speech . "  It helped me through making the most important choices in my life . Because all the glory and pride , embarrassment and fear will all vanish when confronting death . What I see that 's left with me is the truly crucial one . When you are worried that you will lose something , ` Remember that you will be dead soon ' is the best remedy . If you can empty yourself , you have every reason to follow your heart . " In Hong Kong , admirers plan an "  i-Vigil " for Jobs -- using iPhones with a flickering candle app -- outside the city 's Apple store , which opened less than two weeks ago . "  People have different ways of dealing with it , " says organizer Casey Lau on the loss of Jobs . "  As a fan and as a user , I think  the reaction is  a little bit crazy but it 's a good idea to go out and pay our respects . " CNN 's Kristie LuStout and Alexis Lai contributed to this report .	Many of the world 's Apple iPads and iPhones are assembled in China Millions of messages were posted on microblogging sites following his death Apple 's relationship with China is complicated , including revelations of fake Apple stores
CNN  -- The World Health Organization cautioned that the swine flu outbreak could gain momentum in the months ahead , despite claims by the health secretary of Mexico -- the epicenter of the outbreak -- that the virus "  is in its declining phase . " The number of confimed cases of the H1N1 virus continue to multiply . The outbreak is only about 10 days old , and even if the illness is declining , it could return , said Gregory Hartl , the WHO spokesman for epidemic and pandemic diseases , at a briefing Sunday . "  I ... would like to remind people that in 1918 the Spanish flu showed a surge in the spring , and then disappeared in the summer months , only to return in the autumn of 1918 with a vengeance , " Hartl said . "  And we know that that eventually killed 40 million to 50 million people . " Mexican authorities believe the virus 's most active period in Mexico was between April 23 and April 28 , and Mexican Health Secretary Jose Cordova described the outbreak as being in decline in his country . As of late Sunday , Mexican health officials reported 568 cases and 22 fatalities linked to the flu . WHO says it has confirmed 506 cases and 19 deaths in Mexico . The world has 898 confirmed cases of the virus , known to scientists H1N1 virus , in a total of 18 countries , WHO said Sunday . The United States has reported 226 confirmed cases in 30 states . The U.S. cases include one death -- a Mexican toddler visiting relatives in the United States . According to WHO , Canada has 70 confirmed cases ; the United Kingdom has 15 ; Spain has 13 ; Germany has 6 ; New Zealand has 4 ; Israel has 3 ; France has 2 ; and Austria , China , South Korea , Denmark , Netherlands , Switzerland , Costa Rica and Ireland each have one . In China , officials have quarantined 68 people , including 13 crew members , who were passengers of a Mexico City to Shanghai flight , which carried a passenger who tested positive for the virus , China 's state-run Xinhua news agency reported Sunday . None of the other passengers has exhibited any flu-like symptoms , one health official said . About another 110 people who were on the Aeromexico plane went on to other destinations , and may face quarantines elsewhere , the news agency said . Fifteen have been quarantined at a Beijing hotel . Shanghai 's airport is now barring other Aeromexico planes from landing there , a representative of the airline told CNN . Aeromexico is suspending flights to Shanghai until May 15 , the representative said . The airline does not fly to Hong Kong or Beijing . In the United States , New York has the most confirmed cases , with 63 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Texas has 40 ; California has 26 ; Arizona 18 ; South Carolina 15 ; Delaware 10 ; Massachusetts and New Jersey each have seven ; Colorado has four ; Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Ohio , Virginia , Wisconsin each have three ; Connecticut , Kansas and Michigan each have two ; Alabama , Iowa , Kentucky , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Mexico , Rhode Island , Tennessee and Utah each have one . California officials suspended visitation and other "  nonessential activities " at Centinela State Prison in Imperial County after an inmate was suspected of having swine flu . The case has yet to be confirmed with lab testing . On Sunday , health officials in North Carolina and Pennsylvania announced the first confirmed cases in those states , and Louisiana 's governor said his state had seven confirmed cases . The cases from those three states were not immediately included in the CDC tally . In Washington , U.S. Secretary of Health Kathleen Sebelius , appearing on CNN 's "  State of the Union , " warned that even if the flu outbreak wanes , "  it could come back with greater force in the winter and fall , when we get into flu season . " "  So , this is no time for complacency , " she said . "  We want to stay out ahead of this . " Dr. Anne Schuchat , the CDC 's interim deputy director for public health , told reporters Sunday that she was "  heartened " by Mexican authorities ' reports but still is "  very cautious . " "  I know that influenza can be surprising , and the time course here in the United States is later . We believe we 're just on the upswing here , and in several parts of Mexico , cases began quite a while ago , " Schuchat said . "  From what I know about influenza , I do expect more cases , more severe cases and I do expect more deaths , " she added . "  And I 'm particularly concerned about what will happen in the fall . " Acting CDC Director Richard Besser , also speaking on "  State of the Union , " said U.S. health officials are examining whether people who received flu shots for the swine flu in 1976 may have some level of protection from the current swine flu . "  That 's going to play in very , very big as we move forward with our plans around vaccines , because that may help guide some of the issues around who is most at risk at getting this in the future , " Besser said . Offering a general picture of the state of U.S. efforts to combat the virus , Besser said "  there are encouraging signs . " "  We 're not out of the woods yet , " he said . "  But what we 've learned about the virus itself -- it does n't contain the factors that we know are seen in much more severe flu strains . " While the new virus strain in the recent outbreak has affected humans , Canadian officials said it has shown up at a pig farm in Alberta , Canada . Officials said the pigs may have been infected by a Canadian farmer who recently returned from a trip to Mexico , the epicenter of the outbreak . The pigs have since been quarantined . "  We have determined that the virus H1N1 , found in these pigs , is the virus which is being tracked in the human population , " said Dr. Brian Evans of the Canadian Food Inspection Agency . iReport.com : How should H1N1 be handled ? Evans and other officials said it is not uncommon for flu viruses to jump from humans to animals , and that it does not pose a risk for consuming pork . The number of pigs infected was not disclosed . The infected farmer had flu-like symptoms , but he is recovering , Evans said . Learn about the virus "	WHO has confirmed 898 cases of H1N1 virus worldwide Mexico says illness declining there ; WHO warns it could return Mexico has largest number of confirmed cases , followed by U.S. , WHO says Canadian officials claim pigs at farm have been affected by virus
Editor 's note : Peter Bregman is chief executive of Bregman Partners , Inc. , a global management consulting firm , and the author of "  Point B : A Short Guide to Leading a Big Change " . He writes a weekly column , How We Work , for HarvardBusiness.org . Peter Bregman says recession is an opportunity to reorient the focus of your working life to what you love to do . NEW YORK  CNN  -- A friend of mine , a senior leader in a pharmaceutical company , spends all her spare time doing yoga , taking classes in comparative religions , reading about spirituality , speaking with others about their beliefs . Just talking about it energizes her . Which is not how she feels about her day job . "  Why do n't you leave your job and do something with this full time ? " I asked her . "  I 've thought about it . But I could never make the kind of money I make now . " She might be right . But the question is n't whether she could make as much money . Even if she stays in her job she 's unlikely to do that in this economy . The question is far broader and more interesting . What would her life look like -- in every dimension she values -- if she decided to pursue her passion full time ? She needs to consider the contribution she 'd make . The relationships she 'd foster . The fun she 'd have . The feelings she 'd carry with her throughout the day . Her engagement in her work . In short , what her life would mean . And , of course , also the money . Which , as it turns out , might actually be greater if she were more engaged in her work . Gallup has collected data on 5.4 million employees in over 137 countries and concluded that engaged employees are more productive and customer-focused . And more profitable . Which could mean more money for her . But why are we even having this conversation during the worst downturn this country has seen in the last 70 years ? Is n't she lucky simply to have a job ? Yes . And , because of that , she 's also stuck . For better and worse , she probably wo n't leave . But maybe you 're not so lucky -- you 've been laid off or might be soon ; you 're a student coming into the job market ; or like several people I know , you 've been thinking about a change . Well , this is your opportunity . You did n't want to risk a change when things were going well . There was too much to lose . But this downturn , this economic mess we 're in , could be your chance . When everything was going well , we spent money we did n't have thinking we would make more tomorrow . Well , tomorrow came . It 's easy to point a finger at Bernie Madoff  and he deserves the finger  , but the truth is , it 's not just him . We 're all victims of our own little Ponzi Schemes . But now we know . The life we 've been living , the debt we 've been incurring , is unsustainable . Maybe the layoff is a favor . You were treated as expendable . But were you , working those long hours to keep a job you did n't love , treating your self as expendable too ? Depressing ? Sure . But now that we know , we can do something about it . I do n't want to be cavalier ; I know food on the table is a necessity . We still need work and money . Here are our new rules for finding it : Rule # 1 : Do n't spend too much time looking for your next job . As I discuss in my article for Harvard Business , "  Need to Find a Job ? Stop Looking So Hard , " searching for a job more than 1-2 hours a day will actually make it less likely you 'll find one . Rule # 2 : Focus your time on what you 're truly passionate about . Get more training . Expand your comfort zone with new activities , new people . Studies show that 80 percent of jobs are found through networking . Which is what you 're doing when you pursue your passion with other people . So do it without guilt . Spend your newfound spare time doing what you enjoy with people whom you enjoy . Rule # 3 : Let those people know you want to make your money doing these things . Do n't hammer it in . Just mention it . Once . Successful people are passionate , obsessed . And obsession is n't motivated by money . It 's deeper than that . Find your obsession . Let it loose . Employers want to hire someone who is naturally driven . Self-motivated . You 'll work at your obsession all the time because you want to . And that kind of persistence , that kind of focus , is worth a lot of money . But do n't make the mistake of chasing the money . That 's what got us into this mess in the first place . Let the money chase you . iReport.com : Brown-bagging lunch to save money ? Send video Most people are afraid to do that . Afraid of the risk . Afraid of the gap in their resume . They try to cover it up . Find ways to explain it away . But my advice to employers is hire for the gap . It 's often the most interesting part of a person 's life . What does a person do when they do n't have anything they have to do ? What do they do in their spare time ? If you can hire someone for that , you 'll find your star . This is n't the time to be afraid of risk . It 's too late . You 're already in the risk . You might not have chosen it , but why not take control and act as if you had ? Remember my friend working at the pharmaceutical company -- the one with the job ? By staying in work she does n't love , she 's taking a risk too . She 's risking her life . Imagine how great she would be , how much she would offer , how much she would gain , if she devoted herself to her passion ? Now how about you ? Let 's become a nation of people who love what we do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bregman .	Peter Bregman : The recession provides an opportunity as well as a challenge He says people who were working just for money now can rethink what they do He says , if you were laid off , focus your time on what you love doing Bregman : Spending time with people is best route to fulfilling new job
CNN  If that car parked in Harvard Yard is a rockin ' , school officials may soon come a knockin ' , because hanky-panky between students and faculty at the elite university has officially been banned . Specifically , the school adopted a new policy this week that prohibits romantic relationships between undergraduates and professors . The previous policy only did so between professors and the students they taught . Harvard released a statement saying a specially appointed committee "  determined that the existing language on relationships of unequal status did not explicitly reflect the faculty 's expectations of what constituted an appropriate relationship between undergraduate students and faculty members ... therefore , the committee revised the policy to include a clear prohibition to better accord with these expectations . " The action comes nearly a year after the U.S. Department of Education announced it was investigating 55 colleges and universities , including Harvard , for violations pertaining to Title IX , the federal law prohibiting sex discrimination on college campuses . Harvard responded at the time by saying it had appointed its first ever Title IX officer , and that the school 's president "  recently announced the creation of a university-wide task force -- composed of faculty , students and staff -- that will recommend how we can better prevent sexual misconduct at Harvard . " The new policy is the result of "  a formal process to review Harvard University 's Title IX policy , " the school said .	Harvard bans all romantic relationships between professors and students Policy comes on heels of investigation into Title IX violations
Washington  CNN  -- Former vice president Dick Cheney told a special prosecutor in 2004 that he had no idea who leaked the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame , according to newly released FBI documents . Cheney was questioned as part of an investigation on how journalists came to know the identity of Plame , the wife of former Ambassador Joseph Wilson , who was a critic of the Iraq war . In the interview , Cheney responded to many questions with "  I do not recall . " However , he took a few stabs at the CIA in its handling of White House allegations that Iraq was attempting to purchase uranium from Niger to manufacture nuclear weapons . Wilson was dispatched to Niger on a CIA assignment to explore the charges and later said that the Bush administration was twisting facts to support an invasion of Iraq . He implied in a newspaper article that his trip was at the behest of the vice president . Cheney 's reaction to the article was that it was "  amateur hour " at the CIA , according to the FBI documents , released after the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics , a watchdog group in Washington , sued under the Freedom of Information Act . The 28-page summary of the Cheney interview was made public more than five years after it took place . Cheney , his chief of staff , Scooter Libby , and presidential adviser Karl Rove , were named in a 2006 federal civil lawsuit by Plame and Wilson . Plame contended she was the victim of intentional and malicious exposure and that both she and Wilson suffered a violation of rights . The lawsuit was dismissed in 2007 . Only Libby was tried and convicted of perjury , obstruction and lying to the FBI about the Plame leak . President George W. Bush later commuted his sentence . Cheney told the FBI he did not recall discussing Plame with Libby prior to her name being published in a column by Robert Novak in July 2003 , and said he had no knowledge of Libby 's meeting with New York Times reporter Judith Miller a week before Plame was identified . In closing arguments at Libby 's trial , special prosecutor Patrick J. Fitzgerald said "  a cloud over the vice-president " persisted . Melanie Sloan , executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics , said : "  Mr. Cheney 's near total amnesia regarding his role in this monumental Washington scandal -- resulting in the conviction of his top aide -- shows why . "	FBI : Dick Cheney did n't remember details of CIA agent Valerie Plame 's outing Plame 's name was published in column by Robert Novak in July 2003 Scooter Libby , Cheney 's former chief of staff , was convicted in CIA leak case
CNN  -- In the Information Age , it 's easier than ever to steal and publish data . Corporations and governments have to adjust to their secrets being exposed , regularly . When massive amounts of government documents are leaked , journalists sift through them to determine which pieces of information are newsworthy , and confer with government agencies over what needs to be redacted . Managing this reality is going to require that governments actively engage with members of the press who receive leaked secrets , helping them secure those secrets -- even while being unable to prevent them from publishing . It might seem abhorrent to help those who are seeking to bring your secrets to light , but it 's the best way to ensure that the things that truly need to be secret remain secret , even as everything else becomes public . The WikiLeaks cables serve as an excellent example of how a government should not deal with massive leaks of classified information . WikiLeaks has said it asked U.S. authorities for help in determining what should be redacted before publication of documents , although some government officials have challenged that statement . WikiLeaks ' media partners did redact many documents , but eventually all 250,000 unredacted cables were released to the world as a result of a mistake . The damage was nowhere near as serious as government officials initially claimed , but it had been avoidable . Fast-forward to today , and we have an even bigger trove of classified documents . What Edward Snowden took -- "  exfiltrated " is the National Security Agency term -- dwarfs the State Department cables , and contains considerably more important secrets . But again , the U.S. government is doing nothing to prevent a massive data dump . The government engages with the press on individual stories . The Guardian , The Washington Post , and The New York Times are all redacting the original Snowden documents based on discussions with the government . This is n't new . The U.S. press regularly consults with the government before publishing something that might be damaging . In 2006 , The New York Times consulted with both the NSA and the Bush administration before publishing Mark Klein 's whistle-blowing about the NSA 's eavesdropping on AT&T trunk circuits . In all these cases , the goal is to minimize actual harm to U.S. security while ensuring the press can still report stories in the public interest , even if the government does n't want it to . In today 's world of reduced secrecy , whistle-blowing as civil disobedience , and massive document exfiltrations , negotiations over individual stories are n't enough . The government needs to develop a protocol to actively help news organizations expose their secrets safely and responsibly . Here 's what should have happened as soon as Snowden 's whistle-blowing became public . The government should have told the reporters and publications with the classified documents something like this : "  OK , you have them . We know that we ca n't undo the leak . But please let us help . Let us help you secure the documents as you write your stories , and securely dispose of the documents when you 're done . " The people who have access to the Snowden documents say they do n't want them to be made public in their raw form or to get in the hands of rival governments . But accidents happen , and reporters are not trained in military secrecy practices . Copies of some of the Snowden documents are being circulated to journalists and others . With each copy , each person , each day , there 's a greater chance that , once again , someone will make a mistake and some -- or all -- of the raw documents will appear on the Internet . A formal system of working with whistle-blowers could prevent that . I 'm sure the suggestion sounds odious to a government that is actively engaging in a war on whistle-blowers , and that views Snowden as a criminal and the reporters writing these stories as "  helping the terrorists . " But it makes sense . Harvard law professor Jonathan Zittrain compares this to plea bargaining . The police regularly negotiate lenient sentences or probation for confessed criminals in order to convict more important criminals . They make deals with all sorts of unsavory people , giving them benefits they do n't deserve , because the result is a greater good . In the Snowden case , an agreement would safeguard the most important of NSA 's secrets from other nations ' intelligence agencies . It would help ensure that the truly secret information not be exposed . It would protect U.S. interests . Why would reporters agree to this ? Two reasons . One , they actually do want these documents secured while they look for stories to publish . And two , it would be a public demonstration of that desire . Why would n't the government just collect all the documents under the pretense of securing them and then delete them ? For the same reason they do n't renege on plea bargains : No one would trust them next time . And , of course , because smart reporters will probably keep encrypted backups under their own control . We 're nowhere near the point where this system could be put into practice , but it 's worth thinking about how it could work . The government would need to establish a semi-independent group , called , say , a Leak Management unit , which could act as an intermediary . Since it would be isolated from the agencies that were the source of the leak , its officials would be less vested and -- this is important -- less angry over the leak . Over time , it would build a reputation , develop protocols that reporters could rely on . Leaks will be more common in the future , but they 'll still be rare . Expecting each agency to develop expertise in this process is unrealistic . If there were sufficient trust between the press and the government , this could work . And everyone would benefit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bruce Schneier .	Bruce Schneier : In today 's world , massive leaks of secrets should be expected It may seem odd , but governments should negotiate with leakers , he says Schneier : It 's in everyone 's interest to avoid unnecessary disclosure of secrets Governments could negotiate what amounts to a plea bargain
New York  CNN  -- India 's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh came away from talks at the White House reassured about U.S. policy in Asia , according to foreign affairs analyst Fareed Zakaria . Singh and President Obama capped their talks with an elaborate state dinner in a tent at the White House Tuesday night , the first such occasion in Obama 's presidency . Zakaria , who attended the formal event , told CNN the dinner was a success : "  My sense is there was a very warm feeling . The Indian prime minister was gushing and he 's not a man who gushes . " U.S. and Indian officials spoke about the war in Afghanistan , just as Obama is expected to announce -- on Tuesday -- increased U.S. troop levels in the region . "  The forces of terrorism in our region pose a grave threat to the entire civilized world and have to be defeated , " Singh said . "  President Obama and I have decided to strengthen our cooperation in the area of counterterrorism . " Zakaria , author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria : GPS " spoke to CNN Wednesday about U.S.-India relations . CNN : What was India hoping to achieve in the talks ? Fareed Zakaria : I think there are probably three things going on from India 's point of view . One was to generally get a sense of whether Obama shares Bush 's reorientation of American strategy in Asia to place a much greater importance on India and to place India at the center of the U.S. view of Asia . My feeling is that what they heard out of the Obama administration was very positive . And they had two specific goals in mind as well . They wanted to get the implementation of the U.S.-India nuclear deal started , so there could be a transfer of civilian nuclear technology to India . They heard some good things . But my sense is that the Obama administration is doing a broader review of the whole policy of technology transfer and is not going to do a special deal for India . CNN : Why is that so important for the Indian government ? Zakaria : The Indians look at their -LSB- economic -RSB- growth rate and the single biggest problem for them ... is energy . They 're a huge importer of oil . They 're in a race to find cheap energy through nuclear power , and for that they need access to western technology . And finally there is the whole set of "  Afpak " -LSB- Afghanistan and Pakistan -RSB- issues and they just wanted to get a sense from Obama that he 's not going to withdraw from Afghanistan and that the Obama administration does not take on a Pakistani view of Afghanistan . On all fronts , my feeling is they were basically reassured . CNN : What 's their fear about Afghanistan ? Zakaria : Their fear is that the United States is desperate to get Pakistan to cooperate and in doing that is almost adopting Pakistan 's concerns as their own concerns , accepting the Pakistani view that it 's very difficult for Pakistan to go after the Afghan Taliban or LET -LSB- Lashkar-e-Taiba -RSB- which started the Mumbai attack . India 's view is that it 's not a question of capacity , it 's a question of will . Secondly there 's the Kashmir issue , which they want to maintain as a bilateral issue without intervention by any outside party . They have a legitimate concern about the Pakistanis not being willing to go after these forces . The Indians are concerned that the Americans not easily fall into trap that if only Kashmir were solved , then Pakistan will turn on all these militias that it created and has sustained for three decades . CNN : Why does n't India want a third party involved in the Kashmir dispute ? Zakaria : Basically there is no third party who the Indians trust enough . They feel China has always been pro-Pakistan . For the last 70 years , the U.S. has been mostly pro-Pakistan and sided against India in the last war . It sent the Seventh Fleet into the Bay of of Bengal . The Indians feel they are the dominant power on the ground , so why should they accept international mediation ? They feel they are likely to get a better deal if they stick to their guns . India sees itself very strongly as a secular nation which accepts all religions , including Islam . It has the second largest Muslim population in the world after Indonesia . For them to accept that because Kashmir has a majority of Muslims , it can not be a part of India ... is antithetical to the national identity of the country . There 's a lot of opposition in the government to letting Kashmir be bartered away . CNN : What were the goals on the American side ? Zakaria : What the U.S. has been trying to do since the Clinton administration is to strategically reorient itself in Asia so it has much stronger relations with India and that it become India 's closest ally among the major powers . The rise of China is altering the strategic balance in Asia , and by allying with India , the United States can in a very subtle way place some sort of check on the potential for Chinese expansion . There is also a powerful idealistic interest here , in seeing that the world 's leading democracy and the world 's largest democracy pair up . ... Clinton began this process , Bush powerfully accelerated it by taking off the table sanctions that were in place because India had nuclear weapons . So Obama is the third president continuing a strategic partnership with India . ... It 's a perfect example of a kind of hedge strategy : Engage China but in case the engagement process does n't work , also have a strong and growing relationship with India . Then there 's the whole economic component to it . The Indian economy and the American economy are getting more closely intertwined . If you travel to India , you 're struck that every every university , every company , every NGO -LSB- non-governmental organization -RSB- has some kind of contact with its counterparts in the United States . At a people-to-people level , the relationship is very strong and that 's the most durable kind of alliance . CNN : There were reports that India was concerned about the joint statement Obama made with the Chinese president . -LSB- Obama said , "  President Hu and I also discussed our mutual interest in security and stability of Afghanistan and Pakistan . And neither country can or should be used as a base for terrorism , and we agreed to cooperate more on meeting this goal , including bringing about more stable , peaceful relations in all of South Asia . " -RSB- Zakaria : It 's a sign of the fact that there was unease in India about Obama and a new administration . The statement was fairly innocuous , though the U.S. was ill-advised to have it in there . It was a mistake ... but a minor one . CNN : Was Prime Minister Singh encouraged by the administration 's apparent intention to send more troops to Afghanistan ? Zakaria : In his interview with me for last Sunday 's show , Singh strongly supported the American presence in Afghanistan , he strongly supported the mission and said the removal of the Taliban government in Afghanistan was a blessing for the whole world .	Indian prime minister 's state visit was capped with formal dinner at White House Fareed Zakaria says India was uneasy about policy of new administration He says the U.S. reassured the India delegation on several key fronts India is seen as a counterweight to China 's growing influence in Asia , he says
Spanish fashion retailer Zara has apologized for selling a striped T-shirt bearing a yellow star that drew criticism for its resemblance to uniforms worn by Jewish concentration camp inmates . Zara said the garment , advertised online as a striped "  sheriff " T-shirt , was inspired by "  the sheriff 's stars from the Classic Western films . " "  We honestly apologize , " Zara said on Twitter in response to numerous outraged tweets . The offending item was removed from Zara stores and its website , according to a press release from Zara 's parent company , Inditex . It was on sale for just a few hours before the company pulled it "  due to the potential similarity with the Star of David , " the company said . Sales were "  marginal " and the remaining products will be "  destroyed . " "  Inditex would like to reiterate its utmost respect for all cultures and religions . The Group is a Company where people from 180 nationalities work together representing all the cultures , races and religions of the modern world . Inditex is proud of its cultural diversity . In addition , respect and dignity feature among the principles which guide and define its corporate values . The Group condemns and rejects any form of discrimination . " It 's not the first time Zara has come under fire for using controversial imagery , according to the World Jewish Congress , one of many groups that called out the garment on social media . The fashion chain withdrew a line of handbags in 2007 from stores in Britain after some said the design featured Nazi swastikas . "  The bag had been produced in Asia , however , where the symbol also carries ancient cultural significance , " the World Jewish Congress said in a statement . The Anti-Defamation League said it welcomed the removal of what it called the "  deeply offensive " shirt . "  The shirt emblazoned with the yellow star is in poor taste and is deeply offensive to Jews and Holocaust survivors . To anyone who knows their history , this kind of imagery should be off-limits . We welcome Zara 's recognition of the shirt 's potentially offensive imagery and removal from sale , " the group said in a statement . "  This is not the first time we have seen a retail clothing company making this same offensive mistake . The fact that this keeps happening shows that there is a serious need for education about the Holocaust and the history of anti-Semitism . "	Spanish fashion retailer Zara sorry for striped T-shirt bearing yellow star Item drew criticism for resemblance to uniforms worn by concentration camp inmates Zara parent company says shirt inspired by "  sheriff 's stars " from Western films "  We honestly apologize , " company says on Twitter
Washington  CNN  -- When a U.S. Air Force fighter jet crashed Monday during a mission over Libya , it quickly set off a chain of events on four continents involving at least nine aircraft and a platoon of Marines . The F-15E Strike Eagle , which is normally based in Britain , had taken off with another F-15E from the U.S. air base in Aviano , Italy . The aircraft were on a mission to attack Libyan air defense systems . According to timelines released by the U.S. Marines and the White House , at about 11:30 p.m.  5:30 p.m. ET  Monday , one of the F-15s crashed east of Benghazi , in the heart of rebel-held territory . Adm. Samuel Locklear III , commander of the Operation Odyssey Dawn Joint Task Force , said the crash was the result of equipment malfunction , and early reports indicated that hostile fire was not involved . Both the pilot and the weapons systems officer ejected safely from the plane and suffered only minor injuries , according to Locklear . But they were separated as they parachuted . The two crew members remained in communications with the other fighter jet crew , who in turn communicated back to coalition commanders . By 12:50 a.m. Tuesday , two Marine Corps AV-8B Harriers took off from the USS Kearsarge , an amphibious assault ship about 100 miles away in the Mediterranean Sea , to assist in the rescue . Five minutes later the commander overseeing the Joint Task Force air operations approved a Marine Corps Tactical Recovery of Aircraft and Personnel  TARP  mission from the USS Kearsarge . As the unit prepared to launch from the ship , at about 1:20 a.m. , two Marine Harrier jets arrived over the crash site and established communications through the crew of an F-16 fighter jet that also is in contact with the downed crew . At about the same time , a KC-130 tanker took off from an air base at Sigonella , Sicily , in case the Harriers or other aircraft needed to refuel in midair during the rescue mission . An hour after the crash  6:30 p.m. ET Monday  , Adm. Michael Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in Washington informs the National Security Adviser Tom Donilon . Fifteen minutes later , President Barack Obama , who was in Chile , was told . At 1:33 a.m. Tuesday  Libya time  , 13 minutes after the Harriers arrived over the crash scene -- the F15E pilot saw a crowd moving toward him . The Harriers dropped two 500-pound laser-guided bombs between the pilot and the crowd . At least five Libyans in the crowd were injured by shrapnel . Back on the USS Kearsarge , two MV-22 Ospreys took off . The tilt-rotor planes take off and land like helicopters but fly as fast as airplanes . At about 1:51 a.m. , two CH-53 Sea Stallion helicopters launch carrying a quick-reaction force , a platoon of Marines ready to hit the ground and help rescue the pilot if needed . It took the Ospreys nearly 45 minutes to fly to the crash site . At 2:38 a.m. , one of the Ospreys landed and the pilot was rescued . The Osprey landed back on the USS Kearsarge at 3 a.m. and the pilot walked off the aircraft . The platoon of Marines was n't needed . As the pilot was being rescued , the weapons systems officer was found by Libyan anti-Gadhafi rebels . They took him to a safe place in a hotel . At 9 p.m. EST , Obama was told that both crew members were safe . However , it would be 20 hours before sources in the Department of Defense confirmed that the weapons systems officer was out of Libya and somewhere in Europe . There still is no word on where he was hidden , who got him out of Libya or where in Europe he is . As of 7 p.m. ET Tuesday , the Department of Defense had not released the name of either airman or the exact cause of the crash . All told , at least nine U.S. aircraft , not counting whatever plane flew the WSO to Europe , were involved in the rescue . Meanwhile , U.S. and coalition airstrikes continue in Libya . So far , 336 air missions have been flown , including 108 strikes against Libyan military targets , since Friday .	At least nine aircraft , platoon of Marines sprang into action after jet fighter went down Marine Ospreys , Harriers , helicopters took off from ships in the Mediterranean Harrier dropped bombs to protect pilot ; Ospreys landed and pilot was rescued Weapons systems officer was found by anti-Gadhafi rebels , is safely out of Libya
Misogyny is so deeply rooted in India 's collective psychology that even the president 's son -- in this case , Congress Parliament member Abhijit Mukherjee -- could entangle himself with a remark against women protesting gang rape . He called them "  dented and painted women " who go to discos , have little connection with ground realities and are making candlelight vigils fashionable . After an enormous backlash , he apologized and retracted his comments , but many are not satisfied and want his resignation Misogyny has long permeated our textbooks , our pedagogy and our parenting . In fact , it runs so deep that it reflects itself even in our linguistics . The Hindi phrase most commonly used to describe sexual violence or rape against women is "  izzat lootna , " which means "  to steal the honor of . " Another Hindi word used for rape , "  balatkar "  or "  bad act "  , is considered so erudite and technical that it 's barely ever used .  Its English equivalent would be "  coitus " instead of "  sex . " So , for the most part , we 're stuck with "  izzat lootna " -- and the necessary question : Why should a rapist be given so much credit ? Rape is a criminal act of force and perverse subjugation . When a woman is raped , her most fundamental rights as a human being are violated . Yet , she is just as honorable as she ever was . Honor can not be stolen . It can only be surrendered . Surely in the act of rape , it is the perpetrator , not the victim , who surrenders honor . The brave girl from Delhi died with her honor intact . Her rapists will live in ignominy . Unfortunately , in India rape is inextricably linked by men -- and women -- to shame : the ultimate desecration . Many victims are murdered by their rapists or choose to commit suicide . It is also not uncommon for the parents of rape victims to kill themselves . Thus , most victims do n't speak up about what happened to them , lest their families be ostracized , lest they never find a husband or be shunned by their friends . About 10 months ago , I was offered a role of a young , urban woman who gets gang raped . The film explores how she chooses to deal with what happens to her . It is a very powerful script , and most of me wanted to accept the role immediately . But a gnawing part of me worried about how I 'd be perceived by the general public were I to perform this role . Female sexuality in Hindi cinema is extremely fraught , especially because audiences seem unable to comprehend the distinction between what a role demands from an actor and that person 's conduct offscreen . In the script the woman is attractive , confident and self aware ; she 'd had several consensual relationships with men and enjoyed her sexuality . Truth be told , her character is not far from me in real life . Still , in patriarchal , judgmental , misogynistic Indian society , these are labels most women are afraid to carry publicly . On top of this , the character gets raped . I was afraid to accept the role . Afraid of whether audiences and the media would think I was promiscuous , desecrated . Embarrassed at the prospect of saying I 'm doing a film in which I get raped , lest aspersions be cast on my character . There lay , in my own mind , the seeds of the same misogyny that makes Mr. Mukherjee 's remarks in the wake of the student 's gang rape so deplorable . Seeds I had to uproot at once . I accepted the role . At the time I was offered the film , rape was n't getting the sort of national attention it is getting right now . It was still a topic that made most people uncomfortable , a topic that women and men alike were not able to freely express their opinions on . That India 's young public is today demanding so vocally the need to address the way we view sexuality and gender equality is empowering . People are sharing their own experiences of sexual violence on blogs and social media . Men and women are collaborating to seek legal reform , to challenge the societal perceptions they have been force-fed . We now understand that to remain silent bystanders of a crime is to collude with the criminal . It is clear to me that as actors , filmmakers , artists , journalists , activists -- people who use a medium that has the potential to reach so many minds -- it is our responsibility to educate and mobilize , while we entertain . For the last 10 months , as we have been rehearsing and shooting , the subject of rape has been my foremost preoccupation . Two points have struck me in particular : First , the director , who is also the scriptwriter , is male . His co-writer , the music composer , is also male . These two artists , Tarun Chopra and Daboo Malik , chose to champion a cause that almost always gets packaged as a women 's issue . In India , sexual violence is perpetrated almost entirely by men . Rapists are male . Should men not feel responsible then to prevent the occurrence of this crime ? Should n't men be disturbed that their mothers , sisters , wives and daughters constantly feel unsafe or feel they have to dress and behave in a particular way to avoid getting raped ? Is n't it time men educated other men about consent ? Secondly , and this point took me longer to acknowledge , women are as guilty as men for the mindset that breeds the crime . We kill our own infant daughters , we immolate our sons ' wives if they bear female children , we disapprove of women who make an effort to be attractive -- and doubt their character . We still look at marriage as if it 's the purpose for which we were born . But misogyny is no longer misogyny when expressed by a woman . It 's self-loathing . And while it is easy -- and justified -- for women to point fingers at men for the chauvinism in our society , do n't we owe it to ourselves to look within ? Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion	President 's son faces backlash after "  dented and painted women " comment Hindi phrase "  Izzat lootna , " used to describe rape , means "  to steal the honor of " Mangaldas : "  Why should a rapist be given so much credit " for criminal , perverse act ? New Delhi woman dies with honor intact ; her rapists will live in ignominy , Mangaldas writes
CNN  -- Real Madrid moved six points clear in Spain after winning a fiery derby match against nine-man Atletico on Saturday and then seeing defending champions Barcelona suffer a shock first La Liga defeat this season . Real marched to a 13th successive victory in all competitions , while Barca lost 1-0 at lowly Getafe -- who had won just once in seven games . Cristiano Ronaldo scored two penalties as Jose Mourinho 's side came from behind to win 4-1 at the Bernabeu , with Atletico having teenage goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois sent off in the 23rd minute for bringing down Karim Benzema when the French striker tried to go around him . The 19-year-old was replaced by substitute keeper Sergio Asenjo , whose first job was to pick the ball out of the net after being beaten by Ronaldo . Angel Di Maria made it 2-1 four minutes after the break when Ronaldo 's intended pass to Benzema fell in his path , and fellow Argentina international Gonzalo Higuain pounced on a mistake by Diego Godin in the 65th minute . Godin was also sent off for an 81st-minute foul on Higuain , who had been put through by Ronaldo 's clever pass -- and the Portugal forward sent Asenjo the wrong way from the spot to make it 4-1 . Atletico had not beaten Real for 12 years , but started the match promisingly as Adrian finished off a fine move to give the mid-table visitors the lead in the 15th minute . Barcelona , seeking to win the league for the fourth season in a row , succumbed to a 67th-minute header from Getafe defender Juan Valera after being caught napping at a corner . The Catalan side poured forward in search of a last-gasp equalizer , but Lionel Messi had an injury-time effort ruled out when substitute Seydou Keita was judged to be offside and then the Argentina star hit the post as he failed to match Ronaldo 's leading tally of 16 league goals . Pep Guardiola 's team will be hoping to reduce Real 's lead in the first Clasico clash in the league this season in Madrid on December 10 . Third-placed Valencia bounced back from last weekend 's home defeat by Real by winning 2-1 at mid-table Rayo Vallecano . Brazilian striker Jonas put Valencia ahead in the 21st minute and Argentine midfielder Tino Costa made it 2-0 on 56 , while Raul Talmudo scored a late consolation . The win left Valencia one point behind Barca after 13 rounds .	Real Madrid extend La Liga lead with 4-1 victory over nine-man Atletico Derby success puts Jose Mourinho 's team six points clear of Barcelona Defending champions crash to first defeat of La Liga season at Getafe Third-placed Valencia close to within one point of Barcelona with victory
When the "  Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act " went into effect 20 years ago this month , America took a historic stand against gun violence . It was the first federal law to require that licensed dealers refer every gun sale to law enforcement for a background check . The law honored my husband , Jim Brady , who had been shot in the head in 1981 by John Hinckley Jr , a mentally ill man who attempted to assassinate President Reagan . The shooting left Jim permanently impaired physically and cognitively . Since February 28 , 1994 , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics , background checks have stopped more than 2 million gun purchases by "  prohibited purchasers " like convicted felons , domestic abusers , the dangerously mentally ill and fugitives -- people who we all agree should not have guns . It 's easy to imagine how many lives were saved and how many disabling injuries prevented thanks to Brady background checks . But a lot has changed over the past two decades , and people who would n't pass a background check have found other ways to procure guns easily through unlicensed sales at gun shows or on the Internet , where background checks are not required . Opinion : The man who made people talk about guns The corporate gun lobby would like us to think these unlicensed sales are transactions between family members and hunting buddies , but the truth is that thousands of guns are sold legally each day without a background check , thereby potentially putting guns directly in the hands of criminals . In fact , websites like Armslist.com boast upward of 70,000 listings from private sellers , many touting "  No background check " as a selling feature . As a result , an estimated 40 % of gun sales today occur without a Brady background check . Many of these sales have deadly consequences . Take Zina Daniel , a victim of domestic violence who procured a restraining order against her estranged husband , making him unable to pass a background check . He bought a semiautomatic handgun from a private seller online , where he did n't need a background check . He used that gun to kill Zina and two others and wound four more at a nail salon . Let 's think about background checks in another way . Imagine if Zina 's husband were on the no fly list and was one of 40 % of airline passengers the Transportation Security Administration allowed to fly without undergoing a security screening . Would Americans feel safe in the air in this scenario ? Not likely . Yet that is precisely the percentage of gun purchases made daily without a background check . Opinion : The warrior , the hero , the ` Bear ' So what 's the solution ? Congress needs to finish the job the Brady law so effectively started to ensure that guns are kept out of the hands of people who should not have them . Congress must pick up where it left off last April when , to Jim 's and my great disappointment , Senate legislation to expand Brady background checks fell short . The bill received a majority 54 votes , including the support of six "  A-rated " National Rifle Association senators , two of whom were the lead sponsors . The American people support this legislation . In fact , 90 % of Americans support universal background checks covering all online sales and gun shows . Three out of four NRA members and 80 % of gun owners agree that the scope of background checks needs to be expanded . In 2013 , after the horrific tragedy of the school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , eight states passed meaningful gun regulations . These laws could save lives and prevent injuries . Let 's keep moving forward . Let 's finish the job , expand Brady background checks and help keep guns out of the hands of the wrong people .	"  Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act " went into effect 20 years ago Sarah Brady : The law , which honors her husband , requires background checks But a lot has changed , about 40 % of gun sales today have no Brady background check Brady : Congress needs to finish the job the Brady law so effectively started in 1981
Whenever there is an uprising among the people of this country in the form of protests and organized dissent , especially with a presidential election 13 months away , the discussion inevitably shifts to what it will mean for one of the nation 's two political parties . No matter how hard they 've tried to suggest that they are n't partisan , the tea party is nothing more than a sub-group of the Republican Party . If there were a healthy number of tea party Democrats , then that would be true . But there is n't , so it 's nonsensical to waste time not calling the tea party Republicans exactly what they are : tea party Republicans . From Day One the movement aligned itself with the GOP , and that is true today . Yet the attempt by Fox News , conservative radio show hosts and the GOP presidential candidates to associate Occupy Wall Street protesters with the image of far-left radical hippies being in lockstep with the Democratic Party is wrong , shameful and pure intellectual dishonesty . Being concerned about the nation 's well-being , and the depths to which the big-monied interests are driving the nation 's policies is not a partisan question ; it is a moral one . GOP presidential candidate wants to cheapen the discussion by suggesting Occupy Wall Street protesters hate capitalism . I sense they despise a nation that has come to be one in which Fortune 500 companies and big banks run ads talking about how great America is , but work hard to destroy America by shipping jobs overseas and engaging in shameful business practices that require the taxpayer to bail them out . It 's really simple , and insanely stupid , to examine the real anger of Occupy Wall Street as a bunch of young folks with nothing to do . If we recall March 2009 when the AIG bonuses came to light , every corner of this nation was angry with what we heard . Political ideology did n't matter . It was seen as a matter of right and wrong . That 's why the various leaders of Occupy Wall Street , no matter how local and decentralized , must look at their effort as not being a galvanizing force to put one party into office . Instead , it should be about candidates of both political parties , as well as independents , speaking to their needs and desires . This tea party vs. Occupy Wall Street construct is a ridiculous one . From a media perspective , it 's a cheap and easy narrative that , in the end , does n't tell the full story . As someone who is more enamored with studying the intricacies of the civil rights movement rather than memorizing key speeches of its leaders , what was clear from Day One was that it was n't about getting a Democrat or Republican elected . It was always about ensuring full freedom and equality for African-Americans who were denied their rights as citizens . At different points , Republicans and Democrats were allies of the civil rights movement , while at the same time some Republicans and Democrats were virulent opponents . It was n't about party for civil rights leaders ; it was about principle . And that is exactly where we sit today . As I listen to the Occupy Wall Street protesters and watch as their protest spread across the country , similar to the lunch counter sit-ins that spread like wildfire across the South in 1960 , the goals and ideals sound eerily familiar . While in the 1960s it was about race , the civil rights battlefront today is about class . It is about the widening gap between the rich and poor , and how the middle class is being pushed down to the poor , rather than being helped upward . This struggle is the moral dilemma the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. frequently discussed . If folks would stop focusing on the last part of his "  I Have A Dream " speech and read all of what he said at the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom on Aug. 28 , 1963 , they would understand that . So what if Russell Simmons , Kayne West and other celebrities have millions and are showing support for Occupy Wall Street ? When Harry Belafonte , Dick Gregory , Sidney Poitier , Bob Dylan , Joan Baez , Peter , Paul and Mary , Charlton Heston , Mahalia Jackson and other celebrities attended the 1963 March , no one said how dare those individuals with big bank accounts stood in solidarity with those with no bank accounts . When it comes to fairness , your values matter more than your tax bracket . If labor unions and politicians want to stand in solidarity with Occupy Wall Street , that is a good thing . If individuals who work on or used to work on Wall Street want to show their support for the need to systemic changes to this system , more power to them . If self-identified Democrats and Republicans want to show their moral outrage , praise God . Moral movements are n't supposed to be poisoned by politics . When they do , that 's when their legitimacy is lost . If politicians want to use their voices in support , they should . But at no time should Occupy Wall Street be about getting one party elected to local , county , state and national office . The time has come for men and women of conscience in this nation to stand up . It 's vital that we elected individuals , regardless of party , who choose not to be an incestuous relationship with the rich in this country who are only about fattening their bottom lines while ignoring the plight of others . As Dr. King said : "  An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity . "	Roland Martin : Saying protesters are in lockstep with Democrats is intellectual dishonesty Candidates of both political parties should peaking to their desires , Martin says Martin : The civil rights movement was n't about electing candidates ; neither is this one
Children and teens who have a parent with bipolar disorder are 14 times more likely than their peers to have bipolar-like symptoms themselves , and are two to three times more likely to be found to have an anxiety or mood disorder , such as depression , according to a report in the March issue of the Archives of General Psychiatry . More than 10 percent of the kids with a bipolar parent had signs of a bipolar-spectrum , mood or anxiety disorder . When both parents are bipolar , children are 3.6 times more likely to have bipolar disorder than children with only one parent with the psychiatric condition . Bipolar disorder , which is also known as manic-depressive illness , affects 5.7 million people over age 18 in the United States . The condition is characterized by extreme fluctuations in energy , mood , and the ability to function . For example , someone experiencing an "  episode " may have a manic state of euphoria for a period of time , followed by a bout of severe depression . Although bipolar disorder may run in families , it 's not guaranteed that children of bipolar parents will develop the condition too . "  I do n't want parents to think ' I have bipolar , so my kids have bipolar , ' " says Boris Birmaher , M.D. , of the Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , and author of the new study , called the Pittsburgh Bipolar Offspring Study . "  Yes , these kids are at a higher risk , but that does n't necessarily mean your child will have it . " Health.com : Bipolar disorder is different for women In the study , Birmaher and colleagues looked at 233 parents with bipolar disorder and their 388 children , ages 6 to 18 . They were compared with a control group of 143 parents and 251 children with no family history of the condition . Overall , 10.6 percent of the children with a bipolar parent had signs of a bipolar spectrum disorder  which includes a range of symptoms from severe to less so  or a mood or anxiety disorder . In comparison , only two children , or 0.8 percent , in the control group had such symptoms . It 's not clear whether genes , environment or a combination of both are responsible for the link , or possibly greater awareness and diagnosis of psychiatric conditions in bipolar families . Health.com : How a bipolar patient learned to manage mania However , Birmaher says identifying the condition at an earlier age may ultimately help young people . "  The longer you wait , the more complicated the condition could become , " Birmaher says . Previous studies have suggested that it can take 10 years of symptoms before people get a correct diagnosis and proper treatment . "  Ten years is a long time -- especially in the life of a child , " he says . The condition is difficult to diagnose because the symptoms can be mistaken for depression , attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder or one of the disruptive behavior disorders . Signs of a manic episode include increased energy , extreme irritability , racing thoughts , spending sprees , abuse of drugs  particularly cocaine  , and increased sexual drive . A depressive episode may range from disruptive sleeping patterns to thoughts of death or suicide . "  The chronic highs and lows are only two manifestations of the condition , " says Gary Sachs , M.D. , director of the bipolar clinic and research program at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston . "  But there are plenty of people who live a full , functional life and still have bipolar disorder . " Health.com : How to care for and cope with a bipolar spouse Bipolar disorder can not be cured , and is treated with mood-stabilizing medications like lithium , as well as psychotherapy , and psychosocial intervention . The ongoing study will follow this group of parents and children to explore further bipolar triggers including stress , family interactions , and genetics . Health.com : My story : I 'm bipolar and struggle with addiction "  This study in no way should be a reason for someone with bipolar not to have children , " says Sachs . "  But there is a risk and that might make someone 's child who has difficulty seek help sooner . " In adults with bipolar disorder , up to 60 percent say they had their first symptoms before the age of 21 . "  Bipolar disorder is a multidimensional condition , and it can affect a lot of things including your physical health , " says Sachs . "  That is what we are learning from studies like this where you begin to see other psychiatric conditions . " The National Institute of Mental Health funded the study . Birmaher has participated in pharmaceutical company-sponsored forums and a study co-author has served on the advisory boards of several pharmaceutical companies . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Kids with a bipolar parent are 14 times more likely to have bipolar-like symptoms They 're also more likely to have a diagnosis of an anxiety or mood disorder Bipolar disorder affects 5.7 million people over age 18 in the United States Findings might help families recognize problem , get help for a child earlier
CNN  -- Charles Saatchi told a London newspaper Tuesday that he went to police voluntarily over an incident in which he grabbed his wife , celebrity chef Nigella Lawson , by the throat to avoid it "  hanging over all of us for months . " The furor over the incident dominated the British press Tuesday , a day after Saatchi accepted a police warning related to the case . In a statement to The Evening Standard newspaper , for which he is a columnist , Saatchi said : "  Although Nigella made no complaint I volunteered to go to Charing Cross station and take a police caution after a discussion with my lawyer because I thought it was better than the alternative of this hanging over all of us for months . " Images of Saatchi , a multimillionaire art collector and former advertising magnate , with his hand around Lawson 's throat were front-page news in national papers for a second day Tuesday , after they were first published Sunday . Opinion : The rich and famous are not immune to domestic abuse Saatchi , age 70 , looked stony-faced as he left his home in central London earlier Tuesday and declined to respond to questions from waiting journalists . London 's Metropolitan Police said a 70-year-old man "  accepted a caution for assault " at a police station Monday afternoon but did not name Saatchi . "  Officers from the community safety unit at Westminster were aware of the Sunday People article which published on Sunday 16th June and carried out an investigation , " a Metropolitan Police spokesman told CNN . "  This afternoon Monday 17th June , a 70-year-old man voluntarily attended a central London police station and accepted a caution for assault , " the spokesman said . CNN contacted Saatchi 's company for comment but has not received a response . According to a UK government website , a caution is issued for minor crimes . "  Cautions are given to adults aged 18 or over for minor crimes -- eg writing graffiti on a bus shelter , " the website says . "  You have to admit an offence and agree to be cautioned . If you do n't agree , you can be arrested and charged . "  A caution is not a criminal conviction , but it could be used as evidence of bad character if you go to court for another crime . " Sunday People , part of the stable of tabloids published by the Mirror Group , published the photos Sunday of Lawson and Saatchi at a restaurant . The tabloid 's website includes the caption : "  Nigella Lawson attacked in public by Charles Saatchi . " Earlier , a representative for Lawson confirmed that the chef and her children had moved out of their home . ` Playful tiff ' Saatchi gave his version of events Monday to The Evening Standard . London police : Man accepts warning in Nigella Lawson incident "  About a week ago , we were sitting outside a restaurant having an intense debate about the children , and I held Nigella 's neck repeatedly while attempting to emphasize my point , " Saatchi told the paper . "  There was no grip , it was a playful tiff . The pictures are horrific but give a far more drastic and violent impression of what took place . Nigella 's tears were because we both hate arguing , not because she had been hurt , " he added . "  We had made up by the time we were home . The paparazzi were congregated outside our house after the story broke yesterday morning , so I told Nigella to take the kids off till the dust settled . " The restaurant involved told CNN that its employees did not witness any such incident . Lawson 's Facebook page is filled with messages from fans expressing their support for her . Lawson is known as the "  queen of food porn . " She has written numerous successful cookbooks and hosted TV shows . With the furor making headlines , UK domestic violence groups made the point that domestic abuse is an enduring and widespread issue . "  Domestic violence is a massive social problem in this country , " Sandra Horley , chief executive of UK domestic violence charity Refuge , said in a statement . "  Last year over one million women were abused . Every week in England and Wales , two women are killed by current or former partners . "  There are still so many myths and misconceptions surrounding this horrific crime . People often think that it only happens in poor families ... but the truth is that domestic violence affects women of all ages , classes and backgrounds . Abusive men are just as likely to be lawyers , accountants and judges as they are cleaners or unemployed . " Horley said that perpetrators of domestic violence "  frequently try to minimize or deny their behaviour , " but that violent incidents rarely occur only once and can escalate to more extreme behavior . "  Research shows that strangulation is a key risk factor for domestic homicide , " she said . "  Last year , almost 50 % of the women we supported had been strangled or choked by their abusers . " Watch a CNN interview with Nigella Lawson CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Saatchi tells paper he went to police to avoid an incident "  hanging over all of us " Images of Saatchi with a hand around his wife 's throat were first published Sunday Victim support groups use incident to highlight the enduring problem of domestic violence A representative for Lawson says she and her children have moved from the family home
CNN  -- BP officials have turned to a new source for help with their oil cleanup efforts : actor Kevin Costner . The oil giant announced Monday that it had ordered 32 machines from Costner 's company , the actor told CNN in an exclusive interview on "  AC360 . " The machines use a centrifuge mechanism to separate oil from water and recycle the crude at the same time , Costner said . "  This is the key , it 's the linchpin to people going back to work . It 's certainly a way to fight oil spills in the 21st century , " he said . "  It creates an efficiency where there are no efficiencies out there , and it 's been a long time coming . " Costner said he had been working on developing the machine since 1992 or 1993 with the help of his brother , a scientist . Each machine weighs about 4,000 pounds , he said , and will allow crews to collect more oil . "  Skimmers are picking up 90 percent water , 10 percent oil , and they throw it into a barge ... What this machine simply does , in that particular case , will give a pure payload . Suddenly a barge will be coming back to shore with 99 percent oil as opposed to the other way around , " he said . Got an idea to fix the oil disaster ? Share solutions and views Costner described the machine to a congressional committee last week . "  It may seem an unlikely scenario that I 'm the one delivering this technology at this moment in time , but from where I 'm sitting , it is equally inconceivable that these machines are not already in place , " he said . CNN 's Anderson Cooper contributed to this report .	Actor Kevin Costner says BP has ordered 32 of his company 's oil cleanup machines Costner began developing machine with brother in early '90s Devices use centrifuge to separate oil from water , recycle crude
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- For most of his 82 years , Luis Posada Carriles has endeavored with a single-minded determination to bring down the Cuban Revolution . An anti-Castro Cuban exile and former CIA operative , Posada is accused by the Cuban government of blowing up a commercial airliner , masterminding a bombing campaign of Havana tourist attractions and attempting to assassinate Fidel Castro . While denying that he was behind those attacks , Posada , in his rare public comments , called himself "  a soldier " not opposed to using violence to force change in Cuba . Before falling ill and stepping down as president , Fidel Castro referred to Posada as the "  most dangerous terrorist in the Western hemisphere " and called for him to be bought to justice for alleged attacks that date back over 30 years . On Monday , Posada will face trial -- but not on those charges and not in Cuba . He will be tried in the United States for lying to immigration officials . The "  case reads like one of Robert Ludlum 's espionage thrillers , with all the plot twists and turns Ludlum is famous for , " one of the judges who has heard the case over the last five years wrote in the court records . Posada faces 11 counts of lying to officials about how he entered the United States in 2005 and his alleged involvement in attacks on Cuba . He faces five to eight years in prison if convicted . For Margarita Morales , Posada 's trial provides little comfort . Morales ' father Luis Alfredo Morales Viego was killed in the 1976 bombing of a Cubana Airlines flight . "  It 's painful to know that Posada Carriles is only being tried for lying to immigration officials , " Morales said , tears in her eyes . "  How long do I have to put up with him being called a liar when he 's a killer , a terrorist ? " The bomb exploded shortly after Cubana Flight 455 took off from Barbados , killing all 73 passengers and crew aboard . Morales , a trainer for Cuba 's national fencing team , was one of 24 team members to die in the crash . Following the crash , Posada was arrested and tried in Venezuela where he had worked for the country 's intelligence services . While awaiting trial for the airplane bombing , he escaped from jail . Posada denied involvement in the attack . But a declassified CIA document obtained by the National Security Archive at George Washington University quoted Posada as saying , "  we are going to hit a Cuban airplane . " Venezuela , whose president Hugo Chavez is a staunch ally of Cuba , continues to seek Posada 's exradition for the airliner bombing case . So far , U.S. courts have declined to extradite Posada citing his fear of being tortured in Venezuela . "  If Posada Carriles were instead named ` Mohammed , ' he would have been extradited a long time ago , " said Jose Pertierra , the attorney handling Venezuela 's extradition request . "  There 's a lot of skeletons in those closets and I am sure there 's folks in Washington who do n't want to see Posada Carriles get extradited because he might sing like a canary . " While Posada is not being tried for being a terrorist , he does face charges for allegedly lying about terrorism . In 2005 , Posada was arrested by Homeland Security agents after giving a press conference in Miami where he denied involvement in the airline bombing or targeting civilians in his war against the Cuban government . Initially , he was charged with entering the United States illegally but then federal prosecutors also indicted Posada for lying to immigration officials about his alleged involvement in a series of bombings in Havana in 1997 . In 1998 , Posada admitted to The New York Times that he had dispatched a group of operatives to Cuba to set off bombs in hotels and restaurants in the hopes of ruining the island 's tourism industry . An Italian businessman Fabio Di Celmo was killed in one of the bombings . " It is sad that someone is dead , but we ca n't stop , " Posada told the newspaper . " That Italian was sitting in the wrong place at the wrong time . " Asked if he felt remorse , Posada told the paper , " I sleep like a baby . " Several of those operatives were captured in Cuba and implicated Posada during their trials , according to Cuban government media reports and video shown on the island of the men 's testimony . In court filings , Posada 's attorneys argue that his English was too poor to understand the reporter 's questions . The interviews were recorded though and are expected to be a central part of the government 's case against Posada . Fabio Di Celmo 's father , Giustino , has lived in Cuba since the 1997 bombing that took his son 's life . He was in his room at the Copacabana Hotel when the C-4 plastic explosives went off in the lobby where his son was . "  I never thought that a bomb had gone off , " Di Celmo said in an interview . "  Fifteen minutes later , I was told Fabio had been killed . " A piece of shrapnel from the bomb had gone through his son 's neck . "  If the bomb went off 15 or 20 minutes later when the  hotel  restaurant was open , it would have been a bloodbath , " Di Celmo said . "  How do you fight ideas by murdering people ? "	Cuba accuses Posada of blowing up a commercial airliner and other terror acts He will face trial in the United States for lying to immigration officials While awaiting trial on the plane bombing , Posada escapes from Venezuela jail He has denied involvement but a declassified CIA document quotes him saying otherwise
CNN  -- Winston Churchill , glaring , resolute , combative , left hand on hip , stares straight off the page -- a moment , and an image , like no other . How did the photographer , Yousuf Karsh , get that iconic pose from Churchill , Britain 's prime minister , in 1941 ? Churchill told Karsh that he had very little time for the session . Karsh reached over and took Churchill 's cigar from him -- then , as Churchill reacted , snapped the photo . Marilyn Monroe , at her most beautiful in 1953 , leans back , wearing white slacks and a black sweater , and gazes off dreamily to her right . Somehow , even though being photographed for a national magazine , she appears supremely relaxed and right at home . Why ? She was at home -- she knew that the photographer , Alfred Eisenstaedt , and the magazine , Life , would do right by her , and she had invited them in . Prisoners at the Buchenwald concentration camp in 1945 , their faces haunted , their bodies gaunt , their eyes showing nothing and everything , look out from behind the wire fence that imprisons them , just before they are liberated . How did Margaret Bourke-White happen to be there to shoot that photo ? Gen. George Patton wanted the world to see why his soldiers were fighting . Patton understood that Bourke-White and her magazine -- Life -- were the best way for the world to witness and understand . All these photos and hundreds more are in a book called "  75 Years : The Very Best of Life . " It was published just before the holidays ; I bought copies for friends around the country , and all of them have told me the same thing : They are spending hours with it , looking for long minutes at individual photos , treasuring the talent of the photographers , many long dead . View the recently launched CNN Photos blog It is the photographers that I keep thinking about as I have spent my own hours and days with the book . To be a Life staff photographer meant that you were among the best in the world . Professional news photographers , even the most highly regarded of them , find themselves in tenuous times today ; it is expensive to have them on staff and to send them places to do their work . There is always going to be someone with a camera around to snap a close-to-good-enough image and sell it inexpensively or give it away . So to linger over the photos in the Life 75th anniversary book -- it is a very large book , because Life 's pages were large by design , for maximum impact -- is to marvel at the commitment the magazine made , especially in the days before television , to do whatever was necessary to bring the world to its readers . And to spend time with those images is to honor the talent and courage of the photographers whose best work is on the level of fine art -- fine art produced as the deadline clock is ticking . They were there . They seemed always to be there , at the moments that mattered . Larry Burrows in Vietnam in 1966 as Marine Sgt. Jeremiah Purdie , grievously wounded , reaches for a comrade who is also hurt ; Ralph Morse virtually living with the first astronauts , capturing Alan Shepard , in 1961 , running toward the Redstone rocket booster that will propel him toward space ; Bill Eppridge at Robert Kennedy 's side in that California hotel kitchen in 1968 , somehow , in the anguished confusion , getting the shattering photograph of busboy Juan Romero who is down on the floor with Kennedy , trying to comfort the dying senator ... . W. Eugene Smith in 1948 with Dr. Ernest Ceriani , the country doctor who was the subject of one of the most famous photo essays ever published , as Ceriani , on the edge of exhaustion , wearily holds a cup of coffee ; Gordon Parks in Rio de Janeiro in 1961 , paying tribute to the heartbreaking life of 12-year-old Flavio Da Silva , a boy who is malnourished and ill but who must care for his brothers and sisters ; Eisenstaedt in Times Square on V-J Day in 1945 , with the impossible task of trying to sum up in a single shot the nation 's joy as the war ends , and doing so with that photo of photos : the sailor and the nurse ... . Life featured words , too , of course , but it was the photographers who were the stars . During my own tenure as Life 's columnist , my first assignment took me to rural Kentucky with the Everly Brothers , as the singers returned to their late father 's home . I was glad to be in the company of Don and Phil Everly , but the real thrill came from the days spent on the road with the great Life photographer Harry Benson . I kept looking over at him . So this is Harry Benson . So this is how he works . I did n't want to miss or forget a moment of it . I should mention that Life and CNN reside under the same corporate roof . But I fell in love with Life long before there was such a thing as CNN ; Life brought the world to my parents ' Ohio home , and when the mailman delivered it each week , he was bringing us more than just a magazine . He was bringing us ... Well , he was bringing us life . Life observed with as much skill and guts and heart as those photographers could push themselves to produce . Life , as a regularly scheduled magazine , is no more ; it continues as a series of single-topic issues and special books , and its photography is featured on its popular website . But the Life that was read in America 's homes each week , and then , later , each month , is gone . "  I ca n't stop looking at that book , " Gary Griffin , one of the friends to whom I gave copies , told me on the phone from California the other night . Me , either . Jackie Robinson rounds third base in the 1955 World Series , the expression on his face the stuff of novels , and Ralph Morse freezes it in time and gives us the chills all these years later . Man , oh man . That was the life . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says Life magazine photographers shot definitive photos of their time He says new book provides a window into the artistry of the photographers Their now-classic images were beautifully shot , many of them on deadline , Greene says
CNN  -- U.S. and Australian officials are warning of an online threat against international teachers in the Middle East . An anonymous posting on a jihadist website is encouraging attacks against foreign teachers , said the U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates . "  The Mission is unaware of any specific , credible threat against any Americans or other school or individual in the United Arab Emirates , " the embassy said Wednesday . "  Nonetheless , the Mission is working with local schools identified with the United States to review their security posture . " Australian officials issued a similar security alert , citing a recent posting on a jihadist website encouraging attacks against teachers , including Australian teachers , at international schools around the world . "  The website post notes the presence of international schools in Saudi Arabia , United Arab Emirates , Qatar , Egypt , Jordan , Turkey , Bahrain , Oman , Kuwait , Sudan , Tunisia , Nigeria , Morocco , Malaysia , India , Pakistan , Bangladesh and Indonesia , " the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade said . "  It makes specific mention of two schools in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia  American International School and Advanced Generations School  and the suburb of Ma'adi , in Cairo , Egypt , where numbers of teachers at international schools reside . " The U.S. Embassy in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia , issued a similar warning on October 27 , citing schools in the areas of Jeddah and the Cairo suburb of Maadi as examples of potential targets . But the mission in Riyadh also said it was unaware of any specific , credible threat against any American school or person in Saudi Arabia . The U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi offered several tips for staying safe , including : â $ cents Avoiding crowds and large gatherings . â $ cents Having a plan of what to do if demonstrations or violence starts . â $ cents Keeping a low profile while in public .	A post on a jihadist website encourages attacks against foreign teachers Embassies say they are not aware of any specific , credible threat A U.S. Embassy suggests avoiding crowds and keeping a low profile in public
CNN  -- Ventures lead guitarist Bob Bogle , whose fretwork on such instrumental hits such as "  Walk -- Do n't Run " and "  Hawaii Five-O " influenced countless bands , died Sunday in Vancouver , Washington . Bob Bogle  second from left  co-founded the Ventures , the highly influential instrumental band . He was 75 . The cause was non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , according to Don Wilson , who co-founded the Ventures with Bogle in the 1950s . "  He had a special sound that nobody could ever re-create . He was totally unique as a guitar player , " Wilson told CNNRadio . Wilson and Bogle learned how to play guitar while working as construction workers in the 1950s in their native Tacoma , Washington . The pair formed the Ventures in 1958 . "  We had a lot of time on our hands after work , so we 'd get together and play , " Wilson recalled . "  A year and a half later , we had a number two hit called ` Walk -- Do n't Run . ' " The group first heard the song on a Chet Atkins record . Several other hits followed , including "  Perfidia , " "  Walk Do n't Run ' 64 " and "  Diamond Head . " The group took the theme of the TV show "  Hawaii Five-O " into the Top Ten in 1969 and later supplied background music for the series . But the band , which played almost solely instrumentals , was perhaps more influential for its albums . Thirty-eight of the band 's long-players hit Billboard 's Top 200 chart , including albums that covered country songs , dance tunes and Christmas melodies . One of the band 's albums was titled "  Play Guitar with the Ventures , " and countless did . "  I ca n't think of a better contribution for instrumental music on his style than ` Walk -- Do n't Run , ' " Wilson said . "  A lot of good would-be guitar players and garage bands would go out and buy guitars just to learn that song . " The Ventures were voted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2008 . At the induction ceremony , Creedence Clearwater Revival 's John Fogerty praised the group : "  It 's enough to say , the Ventures are the most popular instrumental band of all time , " he said . Bogle fought his illness with dignity , Wilson said . "  His doctors gave him 10 years to live , and he lived 12 . The last two years were really tough . At least he lived to know the Ventures had been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . " Bogle is survived by his wife , Yumi . CNNRadio 's Ninette Sosa and Matt Cherry contributed to this story .	Bob Bogle , Ventures ' lead guitarist , dead at 75 Ventures and Bogle influenced countless bands with guitar sound Hits included "  Walk -- Do n't Run , " "  Hawaii Five-O "
CNN  -- American journalist Michael Scott Moore , held for more than two years by Somali pirates , has been freed , Moore 's family and a Somali official told CNN on Tuesday . "  We are just elated , " Marlis Saunders , Moore 's mother , said in a brief conversation . "  It took a lot of work for us to get this point . And to hear he is free -- just joyful , I ca n't describe it . " "  All this is just so new , " said Saunders , who lives in Redondo Beach , California . "  I did not have much time to talk with him . We just have a lot of things to do and I can not talk anymore . We need a little time to evaluate all this . " The governor of Somalia 's Mudug region , Ahmed Muse , told CNN that local elders negotiated Moore 's release , adding that the journalist is "  physically and mentally " worn out . Moore boarded a plane at an airport in Galkayo , in the north-central part of Somalia , Muse said . Muse would not say where the journalist is headed . "  I 'm absolutely thrilled , " said Michel Todd , who was Moore 's web editor at Pacific Standard magazine . "  It 's like seeing somebody come back from the dead . It 's a marvelous resurrection . " Todd said Moore was a weekly freelance columnist who wrote often about Somalia . He had been researching Somali pirates . "  As a news organization , we wanted to write about his capture , " Todd said . "  But we had been encouraged by the FBI and State Department to  not  write about it because this would hurt his cause . They said , if you really care about the guy , that is not a good idea , raising his profile would make his release more difficult . " Todd said Moore 's stories suggested that illegal European fishing was driving Somalis into piracy . "  Of all the people for the pirates to nab , " he said . "  He was n't necessarily a spokesman , but he was someone who was more amenable to getting  the pirates '  point across . I 'm not saying he was pro-pirate , but he was pro-truth and that seemed like something that might have been helpful to Somalis . " Maria Streshinsky , editor of Pacific Standard , said , "  We are thrilled , but it has been really far too long . It 's been such a worrisome situation . We are just elated . We may have a toast and a beer in his honor . I hope he is healthy . " Pacific Standard is a publication of the Miller-McCune Center for Research , Media and Public Policy , a California-based nonprofit . PSmag.com claims to reach nearly one million readers each month with research-based articles about the social sciences , Moore 's mother declined to comment when asked if a ransom was paid for her son . Muse said he did not know if a ransom was paid . In lawless Somalia , it 's common -- particularly among pirates -- that people are kidnapped and their freedom negotiated for ransom . The pirates operate in the Gulf of Aden , one of the globe 's most trafficked shipping waterways . The U.S. State Department confirmed in January 2012 that officials had spoken with Moore 's family and been in touch with contacts in Kenya and Somalia to get more information . The department noted at the time that a travel warning for Somalia cautioned U.S. citizens of the risks of traveling to the country and recommended avoiding it . Freed journalist Peter Theo Curtis back in the U.S. CNN 's Ray Sanchez and journalist Mohamed Sheikh Nor in Somalia contributed to this report .	Mother of journalist confirms son 's release : "  We are elated , " she tells CNN Somali official confirms release , says journalist has boarded a plane but unclear to where Michael Scott Moore freed after being held for more than two years by Somali pirates
