Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration is lifting the moratorium on deep-water oil drilling -- put in place after the Gulf oil spill disaster -- for operators who comply with tough new rules and regulations , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar announced Tuesday . "  There will always be risks associated with deep-water drilling , " Salazar said . "  We have reached a point where we have significantly reduced those risks . " The six-month moratorium was first issued by Salazar in May after the April 20 explosion of BP 's Deepwater Horizon drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico that killed 11 people and triggered one of the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history . An estimated 4.9 million barrels  206 million gallons  of oil gushed into the Gulf before the broken well , 5,000 feet below the surface , was capped . Salazar 's initial moratorium was overturned by a federal judge whose ruling was upheld by an appeals court . The interior secretary then issued a second ban in June that was scheduled to expire in November . Critics of the ban , including Republican leaders , Gulf state officials and Gulf Coast residents , said it would only hurt oil and gas workers in the already hard-hit coastal communities , where hundreds of jobs were lost because of the disaster . Environmental groups and other supporters of the moratorium argued it was necessary due to a lack of effective regulation of deep-water drilling that allowed the Deepwater Horizon explosion and subsequent spill to occur . Tuesday 's decision came three weeks before congressional elections in which Democrats are expected to lose seats in both chambers , and possibly lose control of the House . Asked if the move was politically motivated to help Gulf state candidates in tough races , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said it was based on the completion of a proper policy review . "  This is a very deliberative policy process , " Gibbs said . "  It puts in place some important safety steps to ensure that when it is done again , it is done safely . " Salazar said the moratorium provided time to make sure similar accidents involving a failed piece of equipment called a blowout preventer would n't occur , and that rig operators were prepared to deal with worst-case scenarios if it did happen . Under the new requirements , operators must show that their proposed development and exploration plans can deal with potential blowouts and undergo detailed inspections and design reviews of blowout preventers by independent third parties , said Michael Bromwich , the new head of the federal agency that oversees offshore oil drilling . Bromwich said it might take time for companies to come into full compliance , but he expected some permits for resumed drilling to be approved by the end of the year . "  We will not approve permits without vital supplemental information required by the rules , " said Bromwich , director of the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement . Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , a critic of the moratorium , called Tuesday 's announcement a good first step but said more was needed to help the region 's oil and gas industry get back to work . "  This means that the administration must continue to accelerate the granting of permits in shallow and deep water , and provide greater certainty about the rules and regulations industry must meet , " Landrieu said in a statement . Landrieu has blocked Senate consideration of President Barack Obama 's nomination of Jacob Lew to become the new director of the White House Office of Management and Budget to protest the moratorium . Her statement said she would study the situation in coming weeks before deciding whether to lift her hold on the nomination when the Senate returns from recess after the November 2 congressional elections . Gibbs told reporters that the Lew nomination was unrelated to the oil spill issue and he criticized Landrieu for playing politics . "  We have said from the beginning that the hold was unwarranted and outrageous , " he said . The chairman of the House Energy and Environment subcommittee , Democratic Rep. Edward Markey of Massachusetts , praised the moratorium as a necessary step to instill safety in the drilling industry . "  This deepwater drilling suspension was always about keeping the Gulf workers and waters safe from another oil spill , and it has been effective in doing so , " Markey said in a statement . "  The new rules that the Interior Department has issued will help ensure that if oil companies are going to drill ultra-deep , they are doing so in a manner that is ultra-safe . " Environmental groups questioned if enough had been done to prevent another rig explosion and spills like the one that took oil giant BP and the government months to contain . "  Today 's actions are premature , " said a statement from Peter Lehner , executive director of the Natural Resources Defense Council . "  The difficult clean-up process in the Gulf has taught us prevention is key . To ensure a disaster like this never happens again , we must know what caused it in the first place . We 're still waiting for that answer and until we get it -- the moratorium should remain in place . " David Guest , an attorney for Earthjustice , said it was "  surprising the federal government thinks it has so quickly resolved all the problems that contributed to the spill . " "  We learned from this spill that we have only a tiny fraction of what 's necessary to control deep water oil spills , " Guest said in a statement . "  While we 've now got some new regulations that address technology and safety , the federal government still has n't come up with any new regulations addressing oil spill response . We still do n't have the equipment or technology to control or contain the oil from a major blowout in the Gulf . " However , Republican Gov. Bobby Jindal of Louisiana said the moratorium should have been lifted sooner , and that he now worried that "  severe bottlenecks in the federal permit review process have resulted in a de facto moratorium for shallow water drilling , " The moratorium affected 36 operators , half of which were able to continue some level of work such as helping to dig relief tunnels that capped the broken well , Salazar said . Lifting the moratorium means applications for 18 exploratory wells can again move forward , providing they comply with the tougher new regulations and rules , he said . "  The policy position we 've articulated today is that we 're open for business , " Salazar said . "  We will be taking applications for drilling in the deep water and we 'll be processing those applications under the road map ... created in the last six months . " CNN 's Chief National Correspondent John King contributed to this story .	NEW : Gibbs denies any political reason for timing of the decision Bromwich expects some permits for new drilling this year Salazar announces conditions for resumed drilling Moratorium was declared after the Gulf oil spill disaster
Florida theater shooting suspect Curtis Reeves is lonely but confident that his self-defense claim will result in his acquittal , according to jailhouse phone calls released by the state attorney 's office . According to CNN affiliate , Bay News 9 , the 71-year-old , who is being held without bail on a second-degree murder charge , also tells his daughter he 's concerned about the family 's finances . "  I 'm more worried about you all than I 'm worried about me , " he says . "  And we 're more worried about you than we are worried about us , " Jennifer Shaw , his daughter , responds . "  Well , if all the facts come out we all should be in good shape . " "  I know , but we just hate that you have to be in there right now . " In January , Reeves and his wife were attending a showing of "  Lone Survivor " at a Wesley Chapel movie theater . Reeves left the theater to report to management that the man in front of him , Chad Oulson , was texting during the previews . When he returned the two exchanged words . Video from the scene appears to show Oulson snatching Reeves ' popcorn off his lap and throwing it at him . Reeves responds instantaneously with a single , fatal gunshot . A preliminary hearing suggested the case will come down to whether a jury believe Reeves was intimidated by Oulson and acted in self-defense , or if Reeves overreacted to Oulson texting . In the jailhouse tapes , Reeves tells his daughter she can sell some of the family 's belongings if necessary . "  If we need money , sell the motorcycle , motorcycle trailer , the kayaks , the trailer and -- " Shaw cuts him off : "  We have all that under control . We 're not even going to talk about it . Do n't waste your time . " In another moment captured on tape , his young granddaughter greets him with a "  Hi ! " "  Hey sweetheart , this is Pawpaw . Pawpaw loves you , " Reeves said . "  Can you tell grandpa ' I love you ' ? " Shaw asks the child . Her age is not clear , but her voice is that of a very young girl . "  Pawpaw , love you , " the granddaughter says .	Curtis Reeves says , "  Well , if all the facts come out we all should be in good shape " The 71-year-old is charged with second-degree murder in January theater shooting In one conversation , Reeves tells daughter to sell motorcycle , kayaks if she needs money Tapes capture tender moment when he tells granddaughter , "  Pawpaw loves you "
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- If Barack Obama and Mitt Romney are staying up late worrying about whether they can win the election , they should ponder another , ultimately more important , question : Will their campaign rhetoric make it impossible for them to be effective if elected president ? The decisions that each man makes in his effort to defeat the other will shape the political environment in January 2013 . Although we often consider the campaign phase of a presidency to be entirely separate from governing , the truth is that the two are intimately connected . Whoever takes office in January will face many difficult challenges that will force him to compromise , adjust and move away from campaign promises that no longer fit the reality of the times . The Bush tax cuts expire at the end of the year , along with the payroll tax cut designed to boost the economy . The pressure will be on for the president and Congress to make deep spending cuts and revenue increases . The president 's health care law will either need to be implemented and funded , or it will have been ruled unconstitutional , thus pushing to the forefront once again the skyrocketing costs of health care . In foreign policy , the Middle East , Iran , North Korea and China all point to hot spots that are volatile and unpredictable . And these are just the known challenges , let alone the crises we ca n't yet see coming . For Obama , the dangers are significant . To keep Democrats excited about a second term , it appears that he will continue to focus on the rhetoric of economic populism as well as on attacking the do-nothing Congress . Although he has governed like a moderate , his speeches have increasingly stressed the liberal themes of progressive economic policy , criticism of Wall Street and big business and , to some extent , laments about the growing inequality in American life . In his State of the Union Address , Obama castigated Wall Street with populist rhetoric , saying that the problems in the economy had stemmed from the fact that "  Wall Street was allowed to play by its own set of rules . " He promised that this time around , "  It 's time to apply the same rules from top to bottom : No bailouts , no handouts and no copouts . " The danger for Obama is twofold . One the one hand , if the president veers too far to the left on the campaign trail , he will offer more fodder to his opponents who want to paint his every move as being those of a left-of-center Democrat . This will be even more problematic than it was in 2009 and 2010 , when Obama still enjoyed political capital from his election , which allowed him to rebuff some of these charges and push through his legislative agenda . After his re-election , Republicans would n't have any fears about retribution and they would n't have any reason to compromise . As with every second-term president , he would be a lame duck from day one . Just as important , many moderate Democrats could be leery about supporting him unless they were sure that doing so would n't hurt their chances for re-election . At the same time that a rhetorical shift to the left could alienate possible legislative support , it could also create inflated expectations within the Democratic base . Just as many of Obama 's supporters have been disappointed in his decisions after a campaign that promised transformation , liberals would be doubly dejected if his populism proved to be pure posturing . He could leave many Democrats deeply disappointed over the dim chance of ever delivering on these core ideas . Finally , in the coming months , Obama will continue to succumb to the lure of big money . With all his talk about change , this election looks awfully familiar . The Obama campaign has embarked on an aggressive fundraising project , including relying on super PACS . The kind of fundraising and interest group mobilization that will occur might very well define Obama by the end of this season as much as any of the bills that Congress has passed . Romney has challenges of his own . Romney 's most obvious campaign struggle will be what to do about the right . The tea party Republicans will continue to pressure Romney to play to the base so he can prove he is not the Etch A Sketch candidate his critics present him to be . Romney will face a strong temptation to echo their positions as he looks to the tea party to mobilize supporters to vote in swing states . But if Romney pushes too hard in this direction , trying to overcompensate for his perceived centrism , he would make it difficult to appeal to moderate Democrats in a first term . Without the support of at least a handful of moderates , persuading Congress to pass legislation will be extraordinarily difficult . Romney will also face growing pressure to promise that he will oppose any kind of revenue increase , including an assurance that he would support an extension of the Bush tax cuts for wealthier Americans . Given the size of the deficit , such promises would put him in a difficult bind , setting him up for the kind of challenge with the Republican base that faced George H.W. Bush in 1990 when he had to settle for revenue increases after promising in his campaigning that he would n't agree to any new taxes . The enormity of the deficit will require revenue increases in addition to spending cuts . If the next president and Congress decide that they must significantly lower the deficit , these painful choices would be on the table . . He will need to keep bargaining room to raise taxes so that this does n't haunt him . Some presidents have faced trouble as a result of the way they campaigned . Most famously , President Harry Truman pulled off a stunning upset against Thomas Dewey in 1948 by running against a "  Do Nothing Congress . " Although Truman 's victory is often recounted , what is usually forgotten is that his relationship with Congress was terrible over the succeeding few years . Many of the Republicans who had worked closely with the Democratic Truman in 1947 and 1948 were furious at the campaign theme . Sen. Arthur Vandenberg of Michigan , who had been Truman 's key ally in the creation of the national security system , complained to one Republican operative that , "  Not even Wallace -LSB- third party candidate Henry Wallace -RSB- is saying things better calculated to split the country into snarling vendettas at a moment when our destiny can not afford these soap box luxuries . " The result was bitter conflict over domestic issues such as civil rights and the war against communism Yet there have been times when campaigning and governance went hand in hand . In 1964 , Lyndon Johnson of Texas used his campaign to define his agenda broadly , contrasting himself with right-wing Sen. Barry Goldwater of Arizona and extolling the virtues of liberalism . During the campaign , Johnson took part in staged events extolling programs that Congress had passed . The election increased the Democratic majority in the Congress , giving him needed support for passing bills such as Medicare and federal aid to education , and became a platform to govern . Obama and Romney will have to navigate this difficult path . As they focus on each other and the kinds of tactics that will be needed for victory , they must also consider what happens if they do win and how the campaign will help or hinder their chances as president . The decisions that give Romney or Obama the best chance to win in the Electoral College may make success almost impossible to achieve in the White House.Â Â Â The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Rhetoric by Obama , Romney on campaign trail could be risky He says the positions they take could weaken their eventual time in the White House Next president will face major challenges at home and overseas , he says Zelizer : Promises to left or right could make governing very difficult
CNN  -- Moored on the waters of San Francisco Bay , just east of Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge , is -- well , a mystery . Atop a barge docked at Treasure Island , site of a former Navy base , is a four-story structure made from shipping containers . The purpose of the structure remains unknown , but the safe money says Google is up to something on board . Officials wo n't say exactly what 's going on there . But some sleuthing by the media in the tech-heavy Bay Area has pretty much nailed down that Google , headquartered about 40 miles south in Mountain View , California , is behind the project . Tech blog CNET reported as much on Friday , citing lease agreements , Treasure Island locals and "  tracking a contact tied to the project on LinkedIn . " News reports say an unknown company has been working on a major project , under tight security , in a hangar on Treasure Island since last year . Witnesses say materials from that hangar were transferred onto the barge . Google did not respond to a request to comment for this story . So , even if the suspicions about Google and the barge 's mysterious cargo are correct , that leaves the obvious question : What are they building in there ? Early speculation has centered on a data center . Google has banks of servers stored in warehouses all over the world , and floating data centers are n't unheard of . Sitting on that much water would provide an obvious source of cooling , which is a big concern for data centers , and possibly even a source of power . And Google has a patent for such a project . But San Francisco station KPIX , a CNN affiliate , threw a twist into the narrative , quoting unnamed "  sources close to the project " as saying the structure will be retail space -- a sort of floating Google store . Google hopes to tow the structure across the bay to San Francisco , where it would be used to market Google Glass , the company 's connected eyewear , KPIX reported . Google Glass , the company 's big leap into wearable technology , puts computer capabilities into eyeglasses . The headsets so far have been released only to early testers and are expected to go on sale to consumers in the coming months . An official with the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission told KPIX that there have been discussions with Google about "  hypothetical operations " on the bay . But work on the project suddenly stopped a few weeks ago . One possible reason : An insider close to the commission told KPIX that Google "  ca n't park this barge on the waterfront without a permit , and they do n't have one . "	"  Mystery barge " on San Francisco Bay may be a Google project Barge holds mysterious four-story structure Speculation centers on data center , possible marketing center for Google Glass Google has not responded to requests for comment
Washington  CNN  -- Bipartisanship is in the eye of the beholder , it seems , as Democrats and Republicans ponder how cooperation between them can improve after the upcoming congressional elections . The voting on November 2 is expected to diminish Democratic majorities in both chambers and perhaps cost them control of the House . Whatever the final tally , widespread voter dissatisfaction with the hostile political climate in Washington is evident . Democrats blame Republican intransigence , calling the GOP a "  party of no " that has opposed almost every initiative to undermine President Barack Obama 's campaign pledge to change Washington politics . Republican leaders say their opposition is a response to a left-leaning agenda pushed by Obama and Democratic leaders that far exceeds what the public wants . In a new development this election cycle , the conservative Tea Party movement wants to throw out both parties , but its agenda aligns it with Republicans in the heated campaigning . While Obama and some Democrats and Republicans say they hope for better relations after the election , they express different views of what that would mean . "  We 're going to continue to reach out , and we 're going to look for common ground and a way forward to solve the problems facing this country , " White House senior adviser David Axelrod said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union " program Sunday . Axelrod predicted Democrats will keep their majorities in both chambers , but conceded that "  Republicans will have more seats in Congress . " "  We 're hoping with that comes a greater sense of responsibility , " he said . Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas had a different take , telling "  Fox News Sunday " that it is up to Obama to change , not Republicans . "  If the president 's going to maintain his ideological stance and try to jam things through to support the left in America , when we 're still a center-right country , then we 're going to say ` no , ' " Cornyn said , adding that Republicans will work with Obama on issues such as job creation , spending cuts and reducing the national debt . "  There is , I think , a fatigue on the part of the American people with the aggressive agenda that , frankly , they do n't agree with , but they have n't been listened to , " Cornyn said . "  They 've been lectured to , and they 're tired of it . They 're going to speak up on November 2nd . " Cornyn 's Republican colleague , Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , agreed on the CBS program "  Face the Nation " that Obama and Democratic leaders "  over-reached " in the first two years , which he said rattled the American people . "  I do n't think it 's about everybody becoming a Republican in the last two years , " Graham said of expected GOP election victories next month . "  I do believe it 's a rejection of an agenda that scares people . The health care bill , the stimulus package , the financial regulation , all the spending was not what people expected from this president . " At the same time , some bipartisanship will occur , Graham predicted . "  There will be a bipartisan effort to extend the Bush tax cuts and not let them expire " at the end of the year , Graham said . As Democratic candidates in swing states realize voters want middle-ground policies instead of a liberal agenda , more compromise will come , he said . "  I think we 're going to have some bipartisanship when it comes to replacing the health care bill with a more moderate approach , " Graham said . "  You 'll see some Democrats and Republicans working early on to try to moderate things . " According to Graham , the Tea Party movement has helped refocus the national political debate on a center-right agenda , but added that conservatives should n't get carried away . "  Our Tea Party friends have done us a favor , "  Graham said . "  But if we talk about doing away with Social Security as part of our agenda , then we 're going to lose the public . ... If you get too far right or too far left , you 're going to lose the American people . " Axelrod and White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs outlined an agenda for the second half of Obama 's presidential term that focuses on the nation 's immediate and long-term economic welfare . Gibbs told the NBC program "  Meet the Press " that the president will work on strengthening the economy and trying to ensure its future stability , while continuing to push education reform and making sure that health care and Wall Street reforms are properly implemented . Obama needs Democrats and Republicans to work together to deal with the federal debt , Gibbs said . A bipartisan debt commission is scheduled to report a set of proposals in December . He made no mention of major issues such as immigration reform and energy reform , which Obama pushed strongly in his first two years . Axelrod , speaking on CNN , said both issues were part of the necessary foundation of reforms for sustainable economic growth in the future . "  I think that regardless of the outcome of election night that voters are going to want two political parties who may have different ideas but understand they have to come together and work together to solve our problems , " Gibbs later told reporters . However , other Democrats do n't expect a new spirit of partisanship to emerge . "  It does n't appear right now that the Republican Party is welcoming moderates any more , " Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill said of the effect of the Tea Party movement on GOP candidates . "  I think that independent voters need to take a hard look in these elections and realize that what we may be getting to is the kind of gridlock that , frankly , is not something that 's desirable in terms of good policy in this country , " McCaskill said on "  Fox News Sunday . Republicans "  wo n't even pledge that they 'll quit earmarking , " she said , later adding : "  If they wo n't even say they 'll stop earmarking in this kind of spending problem that we 're facing , I just think there 's a lot of politics being played . "	The two parties may have different takes on being bipartisan Republicans say Obama and Democrats must ease their liberal agenda Democrats question if Republicans are open to any compromise
New York  CNN  -- After more than two decades behind bars , David Ranta walked out of a Brooklyn courthouse Thursday afternoon with an apology from a judge and one immediate wish : "  Get the hell out of here . " Ranta had been convicted of second-degree murder in 1991 for killing a rabbi during a botched diamond heist . But two decades later , a onetime witness said he had been coached into identifying Ranta in a police lineup -- and after an investigation , prosecutors recommended that Ranta 's conviction be tossed out . "  Mr. Ranta , to say that I 'm sorry for what you have endured would be an understatement and grossly inadequate , but I say it to you anyway , " Judge Miriam Cyrulnik said during an emotional hearing that left even the judge wiping her eyes . Asked what he wanted to do now , Ranta told reporters at the courthouse , "  Get the hell out of here . " And with that , he walked out with his lawyer , carrying a small mesh bag that held his belongings . "  Right now , I feel like I 'm under water swimming , " he said . "  This is overwhelming . " Hours later , his lawyer told CNN that Ranta intends to file a federal civil rights lawsuit against the city of New York and the New York Police Department . "  My client had 23 years taken from him . It is a lifetime , it 's a generation , " attorney Pierre Sussman said . "  And if you look at those before and after pictures , before he went in , and now that he 's out , it 's a different person . " For now , Ranta plans to relax and reconnect with his family , Sussman said . One of his first requests after leaving the courtroom , Sussman said , was "  a juicy chicken parmesan sandwich with a side of fries . " ' A number of things ' wrong with the case Ranta , now 58 , was sentenced to 37 1/2 years to life in prison in the killing of Chaskel Werzberger , a rabbi in Brooklyn 's Williamsburg community . Since Ranta 's trial , another man 's widow has identified her now-dead husband as the killer ; a onetime jail inmate has said he made up statements about Ranta to boost his own fortunes ; and the man who , as a boy , picked him out of a lineup has come forward to say he was coached by a detective . Prosecutors have determined the evidence underpinning Ranta 's conviction "  has been degraded to such an extent " that it would no longer support the verdict , said John O'Mara , the deputy district attorney in charge of Brooklyn 's conviction integrity unit . Louis Scarcella , one of the detectives who investigated the case , told CNN that Ranta admitted his involvement in the heist attempt and that he stands by the arrest . As for claims that police coached a witness , he said , "  No way that happened . " But O'Mara said the investigation found "  a number of things that were wrong with the case . " "  It was cumulative , " he said . New evidence led prosecutors to believe "  that we could no longer be confident " that Ranta was guilty beyond a reasonable doubt . A witness changes his story A key part of the investigation that led to Thursday 's ruling started two years ago , when a witness in the case changed his story . Menachem Lieberman was 13 years old when he identified Ranta in a lineup . In 2011 , he told investigators that he identified Ranta after being told by a detective to "  Pick the guy with the big nose . " "  I was too young back then to realize that this was a setup . To me this was just basically , I never saw a lineup before , I was just part of the process , " Lieberman said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's AC360 on Thursday . "  I think as years went by ... as more and more I saw on the news , I saw innocent people get set free in various ways . I started to think back to the trial I was involved in , and remembered where I was told who to pick out of the lineup . " After Lieberman came forward , O'Mara 's unit began to dig into Ranta 's case . "  As he started to investigate , the whole case fell apart , " Lieberman said . "  So I guess an innocent man was in jail but is now free . The sad part is that the killer never met justice . " For some , doubts linger Isaac Abraham , a friend of the victim 's , said he had sat through the trial and came away convinced that if Ranta had not been Werzberger 's killer , "  he was definitely an accomplice . " "  Now it 's David Ranta 's day to suck in some fresh air and enjoy his free life out there , " Abraham said . But he said the decision to release him left him "  confused . " "  Is the shooter still out there ? We 're pointing to a dead man to close the case ? That 's asinine , " he said . Werzberger died four days after being shot , a victim of the attempted holdup of a diamond courier . The courier escaped , but the would-be robber shot Werzberger through the window of his parked car , hauled him out of the vehicle and drove off , according to the Brooklyn district attorney 's office . Ranta was arrested six months later , when two men facing trial on their own robbery charges gave his name to police , prosecutors recounted in asking that his conviction be tossed out . In an initial lineup , only one witness recognized Ranta , and that was after a lengthy conversation with a Yiddish interpreter , they noted . In the second lineup , three youths identified him and repeated that identification in court . One witness who did n't identify him was the courier , the intended target of the holdup . Attorney : ` There was no physical evidence ' When questioned by detectives , Ranta initially denied any involvement in the killing . Then he acknowledged knowing one of the jail inmates who identified him , according to prosecutors . He admitted he had been near the scene and knowing his friends had planned a holdup . Then he admitted he had been involved in planning the diamond heist , acted as the lookout and had seen the other men with the gun . "  The police had an alleged confession from him , but there was no physical evidence , " Michael Baum , the lawyer who represented Ranta at his trial , told CNN . "  The jewelry courier , he testified for the defense , saying that Ranta was n't the guy . " Four years after Ranta 's conviction , a woman named Theresa Astin came forward to say her husband had been the killer . Joseph Astin , who had died in a 1990 car accident , had been possible suspect before : Scarcella had brought the courier to the morgue in hopes that he could identify Astin as the gunman , but he could n't . Baum sought a new trial for his client based on the widow 's testimony , without success . Then in 2011 , Lieberman came forward . "  It was on his conscience for all these years , " Baum said . "  He was 13 years old at the time . He was just a kid . He was just doing what they told him to do . " Detective : ' I never framed anyone ' As O'Mara began to dig into the case , details unraveled . One of the two jail inmates who put the finger on Ranta had since died ; the second told prosecutors he had fabricated earlier statements he made about Ranta , hoping that his cooperation would help his own criminal case . His girlfriend at the time confessed that her account was manufactured as well . And Theresa Astin reiterated her previous testimony . Scarcella said the case against Ranta was "  very simple , " and he sharply disputes Lieberman 's account of being coached . "  They 're saying that I framed it , " Scarcella said . "  I want to go on record saying this : I never framed anyone in my life , and you would have to be a low , low devil to do something like that . I slept very good for the last 22 years . " But Sussman , Ranta 's attorney , called the case "  a travesty of justice from the beginning . " "  The detective work that was done on this case was at best shoddy and at worst criminal . And I do n't use that word lightly , " he told CNN . "  But when a closer examination is done of the detective work ... It becomes clear that there were so many leads that were n't followed , there were so many notes that were n't taken and just a general lack of attention to an investigation that required nothing but close scrutiny of the scene , of witnesses and so forth . That did n't happen . " Arizona woman 's murder conviction , death sentence overturned CNN 's Mary Snow reported from New York . CNN 's Matt Smith and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Raelyn Johnson and Laura Ly contributed to this report .	NEW : Attorney : "  My client had 23 years taken from him " NEW : Witness : "  I was too young back then to realize this was a setup " David Ranta served 21-plus years for the killing of a Brooklyn rabbi in 1990 A witness told prosecutors he 'd been coached , leading to the charges being dismissed
CNN  -- From the first moment I spoke with Ted Cruz , it was obvious that the former solicitor general for Texas had a bright future in politics . My first interview with Cruz , at the Southern Republican Leadership Conference in 2010 , came less than a month after Congress passed the Affordable Care Act . Cruz , who was not quite 40 at the time and still contemplating his political future , already had the ACA firmly in his sights . "  We are facing from Washington the greatest threat to our liberty we have ever seen , " he said , "  I think we have to fight on every front to repeal Obamacare . " Cruz did n't want to shy away from a court fight , but predicted that conservatives would have to win with voters more than judges to succeed . Less than a year later , Cruz would throw his hat in the ring to succeed Kay Bailey Hutchison in the Senate and continue his fight from Washington rather than Texas . After only seven months in town , Cruz 's political talents are obvious . His drive to push the Republican Party into a budget showdown over Obamacare reflects his passionate opposition to the ACA and a shrewd assessment of the temperature of the grassroots base . He 's also a staunch opponent of the Gang of Eight immigration reform bill , a position based first on his principles but clearly consonant with many rank-and-file Republicans . The immigration bill pitted him against another talented Republican newcomer , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , one of its authors and vocal proponents , although both are allied on the strategy to overturn Obamacare . Cruz 's rapid ascent has rallied conservative activists and has many speculating over his potential impact on the 2016 presidential race . In fact , enough people are speculating on it that Donald Trump and Ann Coulter have been moved to cast doubts on his eligibility to run .  Cruz was born in Canada , but his mother is a native of Delaware and a U.S. citizen , which would qualify Cruz as native-born under the broadly accepted definition of the term . Opinion : Ted Cruz can be president , probably Cruz has recently begun to tour Iowa , usually a good signal of presidential ambition , while Slate reported this week that social conservatives in the state are pushing to get Cruz into the 2016 race . No one doubts that Cruz has a bright future in the Republican Party , but that does n't mean the future is now . Cruz , like Rubio and Rand Paul , have only barely arrived on the national stage and are many years younger than their sell-by date . None of the three has held executive office yet . Both Paul and Cruz have only won one election in their career . All three have made an extraordinary impact as freshmen senators , but they are still mainly untested outside of a single electoral cycle . Additionally , Republicans have more options : By the time 2015 rolls around and candidates have to commit to a run , a number of GOP governors will be staking out their ground as well . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will almost certainly use his considerable media presence and blunt style to launch the next phase of his career . Scott Walker has to win a re-election bid in Wisconsin in 2014 ; a win will re-establish his fighting credentials on budgets and reform . Mike Pence got some attention early in the 2012 cycle as a potential presidential contender , but decided to go home to Indiana to add executive office to his already-impressive conservative credentials . Susana Martinez , who like Cruz was given a featured-speaker slot at the national GOP convention last year , should sail to a 2014 re-election in New Mexico , with approval ratings that have never dropped below 60 % . This wealth of proven executive talent , most from governors who have courted the conservative grassroots , makes the Beltway bids from freshmen senators look even more like long shots . That 's not to say that we may not see a President Ted Cruz in the future . With his talent and political savvy and his potential for staying power , no one should count him out in the long run . Like Paul and Rubio , though , his potential presidential future may be 2020 or 2024 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward Morrissey .	Edward Morrissey : Ted Cruz has bright future with GOP , some say he 's mulling presidential run He says that would be great -- in perhaps 2020 ; same with young comers Rand Paul , Rubio He says there are far more seasoned possible candidates in GOP governor ranks Morrissey : Paul , Cruz , Rubio could well be presidents , but should wait till 2020 , 2024
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Another Taliban leader has been seized in neighboring Pakistan by security forces , sources said . Mullah Abdul Salam was arrested last week , according to Afghan government officials , Taliban sources and a U.S. official . Word of Salam 's arrest comes days after news of the capture of the Afghan Taliban 's reputed second-in-command , Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar . "  The Taliban is down another ` shadow governor , ' " the American source said of Salam . The source declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the information . The news came against the background of an intensified U.S.-led campaign against insurgents on both sides of the border . Taliban fighters are resisting Operation Moshtarak , an allied military push into areas the Taliban control in southern Afghanistan 's Helmand province . "  They know this is their last stronghold . They 're not backing down , " CNN 's Atia Abawi reported from the battlefield , where she is embedded with U.S. Marines . The crackle of small-arms fire and the whoosh of outgoing mortar rounds from the Marines were clearly audible on the line as she described the battle . "  About five minutes ago , Taliban started attacking our area , " she said shortly before 8 a.m. ET . "  The Taliban are not giving up -- they seem to be coming out in squads , -LSB- but -RSB- they know they ca n't group together in large numbers " because it would make them easier targets . The Taliban seem to include "  foreign fighters who will fight to the death , " she said . It will take NATO-led military forces "  another 25 to 30 days to secure that which needs to be secured " in Helmand and a further three months to ensure insurgents are kept out of the area , British Maj. Gen. Nick Carter said Thursday in a briefing from Afghanistan broadcast by the Pentagon Channel . The Nad-e Ali district is "  broadly secure , " Carter said , noting there is still Taliban resistance in Marjah . "  It will be some days before we can be completely confident that Marjah is secure , " said Carter , the International Security Assistance Force 's head of Regional Command South . Ten civilians were killed on the second day of the operation , he said . Reports at the time said 12 were killed . There have been five casualties among the NATO-led forces during the operation , the forces said in a statement Thursday , without giving further details . It said later that four ISAF servicemembers died Thursday -- two of them in an improvised explosive device strike ; another after a separate IED attack ; small-arms fire killed the fourth servicemember . It was not immediately clear whether the four were among the five casualties noted earlier . The four deaths bring to 44 the number of Americans killed this year in Afghanistan . In all , 78 coalition forces have died this year Across the border in Pakistan , four people were killed and five were wounded Thursday when a drone fired on a suspected militant compound in the country 's tribal region , intelligence sources and a local political official said . The four dead were suspected militants , two intelligence officials said . It was not clear whether the wounded also were militants . The remote-controlled aircraft fired two missiles at the compound in the Danday Darpakhel area of North Waziristan , one of seven districts in the tribal region along the Afghan border , the sources said . They asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to speak to the media . The U.S. military does not comment on reported attacks by the pilotless aircraft , but the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones . Salam was arrested in Pakistan , the Afghan government and Taliban sources said , but they named different cities as the location of his capture . Gov. Muhammad Omar of Afghanistan 's Kunduz province said Salam was detained in Quetta , where the Afghan Taliban reportedly has its leadership councils . The Taliban sources said he was nabbed in Faisalabad . Salam is believed to be the Taliban commander for Kunduz , Omar said . Salam was directing Taliban military operations in the province , including ordering terrorist actions , mine planting and suicide attacks , said Abdul Razaq Yaqubi , police chief in Kunduz . Yaqubi said Salam and another Taliban "  shadow governor , " Mullah Salih , were arrested last week in the Pakistani city of Peshawar . He said the information came from Pakistani authorities . Salih was the shadow governor of Baghlan province , the police chief said . There was no immediate confirmation of Salih 's arrest . Taliban sources and Omar said other suspected members of the Afghan Taliban were arrested with Salam , but their identities are not clear . CNN 's Pam Benson in Washington and journalist Mati Matiullah in Kabul contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO-led forces will secure Helmand in "  25 to 30 days , " British general says Mullah Abdul Salam arrested in Pakistan , say U.S. , Afghan , Taliban sources Salam is Taliban "  shadow governor " of Afghanistan 's Kunduz province Four suspected militants reported killed in drone strike in Pakistan
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Police officers responsible for protecting the British royal family handled firearms when drunk , traded pornography and steroids and sat on Queen Elizabeth II 's throne in comical poses , it has been alleged in a London court . The former royal protection officer was responsible for security at Buckingham Palace . The allegations were made Tuesday by John Cooper , the lawyer for former royal protection officer Paul Page , who is accused of defrauding colleagues and friends to fund a life of luxury , The British Press Association reported . According to PA , the claims were made during a lengthy cross-examination of Adam McGregor , a colleague of Page who left service at London 's Buckingham Palace in 2005 , who has accused the former officer of "  conning " him out of thousands of dollars . At one point Cooper "  suggested " there had been a procedure among armed officers at the palace whereby one officer on duty would sleep while the others kept watch for their superior . McGregor denied any knowledge of this and all other allegations of wrongdoing among his colleagues at the iconic Royal residence . However , when pressed further he did admit to sitting on one of the thrones , but did not recall doing any "  comical poses . " The court also heard that officers protecting the royals lost more than # 250,000  $ 365,800  to a spread betting venture called "  The Currency Club , " one of a number of apparently successful sidelines Page allegedly set up to clear spiraling debts , PA said . According to the BBC , Page extracted around # 3 million  $ 4.4 million  from some 57 lenders or investors . Cooper suggested that McGregor had been "  one of those police officers " using mobile patrols to deliver cash to other police officers based in Royal Protection who were involved in financial matters . The accusation was again denied by McGregor . He instead claimed he had been "  totally sucked in " by Page . "  I was totally sucked in by Paul he is a very charismatic person , " he said , before adding that he had acted "  very naively and very stupidly " in some of his dealings with his former colleague . The prosecution claimed much of the money was promptly laundered by Page 's wife before being gambled away , as Page himself hid his dishonesty behind a " veneer of credibility " fueled by a fleet of expensive cars and claims he was a highly "  adept " property developer and market speculator , PA said . Father of five Page , 37 , from Essex in south-east England , has denied five charges -- two of fraudulent trading , one of intimidation , threatening to take revenge and making a threat to kill between January 1 , 2003 and March 30 , 2007 . His wife Laura , 42 , denied "  being concerned in an arrangement facilitating dealings with criminal property , " intimidation and threatening to kill .	Paul and Laura Page accused of defrauding colleagues to fund a life of luxury Page 's lawyer suggested other royal officers were involved in wrongdoing Prosecution : Page 's colleagues lost $ 365,800 to a spread betting scam Royal Protection service responsible for security of Britain 's Royal family
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A Somali suspect in the hijacking of the U.S.-flagged Maersk Alabama has been charged with piracy , a count that carries a minimum life sentence . Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse arrives in the United States on Monday . He was charged with piracy Tuesday . Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse also has been charged with conspiracy to seize a ship by force , conspiracy to commit hostage-taking and two firearm charges , according to a criminal complaint released by the U.S. attorney 's office in the southern district of New York . Muse "  conducted himself as the leader " of the pirates who allegedly took over the Maersk Alabama , according to the criminal complaint . A federal judge ruled Tuesday that Muse could be tried as an adult . U.S. Magistrate Judge Andrew Peck had ordered the media and public out of the courtroom earlier while he evaluated Muse 's age . Muse 's father in Somalia told defense attorneys the young man was born on November 20 , 1993 -- making him 15 , the defense attorneys said . However , the prosecution argued otherwise , saying Muse made statements that suggest he is older . Before Peck closed the courtroom , Muse wiped his hand over his face at one point , and it appeared he was crying . He had worn a broad smile late Monday when he arrived in New York escorted by a phalanx of law enforcement officers . See timeline of events that led to piracy case " Muse was arrested in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama , a cargo ship that pirates attacked on April 8 about 350 miles off the Somali coast . See an interactive map of 2009 pirate attacks off the Horn of Africa " Peck read the young man his rights and said attorneys had been appointed to represent him because the suspect did not have the resources to hire representation himself . Muse said through an interpreter that he understood and said , "  I do n't have any money . " Pirates attacked the Maersk Alabama , a cargo ship , on April 8 about 350 miles off the Somali coast . According to the criminal complaint , two of the 20 crew members -- all Americans -- saw lights heading toward the Maersk Alabama around 4:30 a.m. on April 8 , while the ship was in the Indian Ocean . After a "  brief time , " the lights disappeared , the complaint said , but about two hours later , the same crew members saw a small boat approaching and later heard "  what sounded like " gunshots , the complaint said . Crew Member 1 then heard the ship 's captain -- later identified as Capt. Richard Phillips -- on the radio saying that two pirates were on the ship 's bridge . A third crew member , Crew Member 3 , also heard the radio message and began shutting down the ship 's power , the complaint said . The complaint said Muse , who was carrying a gun , was the first alleged pirate on the ship , and said the attackers used a portable ladder to climb on board . According to the complaint , Muse had fired his gun at Phillips , the captain said , and then took $ 30,000 from the ship 's safe after he forced Phillips to open it . Watch Muse being hauled into court " Muse demanded that the Maersk Alabama be stopped and that the crew give him the number of the ship 's owner , the complaint said . The captain then ordered the crew to the bridge after Muse ordered him to do so , the complaint said , citing Crew Member 2 . Muse then began canvassing the dark ship with Crew Member 2 as a guide , the complaint said . While they were going through the ship , Crew Member 3 , who had not come to the bridge , tackled Muse to the ground , the complaint said . Crew Member 2 helped subdue Muse , and the two tied the young man 's hands with wire and took him to the ship 's safe room , where several crew members were hiding . After several hours , the remaining pirates said they would leave the ship if Muse was returned to them , and if a lifeboat was given to them . Phillips boarded the lifeboat with them and the ship 's crew freed Muse , who then boarded the lifeboat , according to the criminal complaint . The boat floated a short distance from the Maersk , even as the Navy 's USS Bainbridge arrived the next day . Over the next three days , officers on the Bainbridge communicated with the pirates by radio . "  In those communications , the pirates threatened to kill the captain if they were not provided with safe passage away from the scene , " the complaint said . At one point , Phillips tried to escape and the pirates shot at him , the complaint said . On April 12 , Muse boarded the USS Bainbridge and demanded safe passage for himself and the other pirates in exchange for Phillips ' release . Muse also received medical treatment while he was on the warship , the complaint said . While Muse was away from the lifeboat , Navy SEALs shot and killed the three remaining pirates . The U.S. Navy recovered two loaded AK-47 assault rifles ; two gunstraps , each containing three AK-47 magazines ; one handgun magazine ; and multiple cell phones and handheld radios from the lifeboat , according to the complaint . CNN 's Deb Feyerick contributed to this report .	NEW : Criminal complaint says pirate suspect "  conducted himself as the leader " Judge rules piracy suspect will be tried as an adult Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse also faces conspiracy charges Suspect 's father says he 's 15 ; prosecution says boy indicated he 's older
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has rejected congressional calls for the justices to adhere officially to the same ethics rules binding on other federal judges , including when to recuse in cases involving possible conflicts of interest . "  The Court does not plan to adopt the Code of Conduct for United States Judges through a formal resolution , " Chief Justice John Roberts wrote in a letter released Tuesday to Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont . But Roberts said he and his eight colleagues would -- on their own initiative -- continue to follow the same rules as other judges when it comes to accepting and reporting on outside income , honoraria , and gifts . Unlike other members of the federal judiciary , Supreme Court justices decide for themselves whether a conflict of interest exists , requiring disqualification . Like other judges , they file yearly disclosure reports on their financial investments , travels , and any money earned from such things as writing books , giving speeches or teaching . The binding Code of Conduct of U.S. Judges requires recusal when "  impartiality might reasonably be questioned , " including having a family member directly involved in the case or if there is a financial interest , such as a justice owning stock in a company being sued . Leahy had asked the nation 's highest court to release an internal , informal 1991 resolution clarifying the justices ' unofficial intention to follow the code . "  We will make the 1991 resolution adopting the Judicial Conference regulations on gifts and on outside earned income available to the public , " wrote Roberts . Leahy had no immediate response to the court 's decision , but groups supporting greater disclosure said they were disappointed . "  The Supreme Court is the highest court in our land and should be held to the highest ethics standards , not the lowest , " said Common Cause President Bob Edgar . "  This is yet another disappointing sign from the Roberts Court that it considers itself above the laws and rules the rest of us must abide by . " The judicial code of conduct has recently become a divisive political issue as the justices prepare to hear arguments next month in the high-stakes appeal over the health care reform law championed by President Barack Obama . Political advocacy groups on both sides -- including members of Congress -- have separately called on Justices Elena Kagan and Clarence Thomas to recuse themselves from hearing and deciding the case . Kagan , 51 , was the administration 's top government lawyer handling appeals to the Supreme Court . Her nomination by Obama in May 2010 , and the weeks leading up to it , came at a time when Congress had passed -- and the president signed -- the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . The health care reform law would significantly change how Americans receive medical services and has been the subject of six current appeals pending at the high court . Twenty-eight states and dozens of individual plaintiffs have opposed the law . Critics say she was directly involved in the administration 's initial legal strategy of the health care law . Congressional Democrats have been among those separately calling on Thomas to pull out , citing his recent lapse in reporting the income of his wife for 13 straight years , as required by federal disclosure laws . Virginia Thomas had worked for , and later founded , her own advocacy group , Liberty Central . Since she has openly opposed the health care bill , many liberals have said her political activities raise questions about Justice Thomas ' own judicial independence and impartiality . The court by tradition will not openly discuss when to step aside in a pending case , and that is true with Thomas and Kagan . Roberts in his year-end report in December said he had "  complete confidence " in his Supreme Court colleagues to fairly decide whether to remove themselves from hot-button cases such as health care reform "  The Supreme Court does not sit in judgment of one its own members ' decision whether to recuse in the course of deciding a case , " he said of his bench mates , while not directly addressing the Kagan and Thomas recusal demands . "  They are jurists of exceptional integrity and experience whose character and fitness have been examined through a vigorous appointment and confirmation process . I know that they each give careful consideration to any recusal questions that arise . " That letter prompted Leahy and four fellow Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee this month to seek more information from the high court on the ethics issue . Leahy and other lawmakers are also pushing legislation mandating the Supreme Court open its public sessions to cameras . Again , the ultimate unilateral decision on that would be left with justices , a majority of whom have expressed severe reservations about the proposal .	Supreme Court justices will continue to follow same rules as other judges , says Roberts He says the court will release an internal , informal 1991 resolution It 's strictly up to justices to decide whether they should recuse themselves Various groups want two justices to recuse themselves from the health care reform case
CNN  -- The man whose face was chewed off by a naked man in a brutal assault in Miami says he does n't know why his attacker singled him out , according to CNN affiliate WFOR . "  He attacked me , " Ronald Poppo said of his assailant in a police recording obtained by the affiliate and broadcast Thursday . "  He just ripped me to ribbons . He chewed up my face . He plucked out my eyes . Basically that 's all there is to say about it . " Poppo , who is now blind , said he initially thought Rudy Eugene , 31 , was "  a good guy . " "  But he just went and turned berserk , " he recalled of the May incident . "  He apparently did n't have a good day at the beach and he -- he was coming back . And I guess he took it out , took it out on me or something . I do n't know . " Poppo 's statements were made and recorded during a July 19 interview with Miami police . Eugene was killed by a police officer after the 18-minute attack , which was captured by on video by a surveillance camera . It shows Eugene coming across 65-year-old Poppo on a sidewalk along Miami 's MacArthur Causeway , stripping clothes off him and eventually chewing on his face . Police said Poppo lost 75 % of his face in the attack . A police official initially theorized that Eugene was under the influence of "  bath salts , " a drug that contains synthetic stimulants that can "  cause chest pains , increased blood pressure , increased heart rate , agitation , hallucinations , extreme paranoia and delusions , " according to the National Institute of Drug Abuse . But an autopsy and lab tests showed the man had used marijuana , and had no alcohol , other street drugs or prescription drugs in his system .	Poppo said he initially thought Rudy Eugene , 31 , was "  a good guy " His statements were made and recorded during a July 19 interview with Miami police Eugene was killed by a police officer in May after the 18-minute attack
CNN  -- Last week , The New York Times gave us an inside look at what it 's like to work at Foxconn , the manufacturing company that owns several China-based factories that crank out Apple 's iPads , iPhones and iPods by the millions . The story is full of examples of horrifying working conditions in Foxconn 's factories that would never fly here in the United States . Here are some of the more troubling ones from the Times story : Foxconn is a 24-hour operation . Employees work six days a week , sometimes in 12-hour shifts . They 're on their feet for so long that their legs begin to swell . There are underage workers . They live in crowded dorms on the factory 's campus . In recent years , there have been reports of workers leaping from buildings in apparent suicides . And so on . The story even describes the gruesome death of one Foxconn worker after an explosion in a facility that made iPads in Chengdu , China . The worker 's "  skin was almost completely burned away " by the blast , the Times reports . He died a few days later with his family by his side . Foxconn denies the reports that working conditions are like what the Times describes . Apple refuses to comment on the record , but a leaked e-mail from CEO Tim Cook to all Apple employees says the company is committed to worker safety and that it takes all those claims very seriously . So knowing all that , should we be concerned about where our iPhones and other gadgets come from and how they 're made ? Or is the human cost so far removed from us here in the United States that we 're willing to look over it in favor of whatever fancy new touchscreen gadget Apple releases next ? The issue even has some people throwing around the idea of a boycott . One effort , hosted on the website Change.org , has collected more than 145,000 signatures from people calling on Apple to better protect its workers . While those efforts sound noble , there 's no way boycotting Apple gadgets will actually work . Let 's start with why people keep snapping up Apple 's iPhones and iPads by the millions each week in the first place . When it comes to smartphones and tablets , Apple still makes the best there are . With the iPhone and the iPad , the company set a new standard that other tech giants such as Google and Microsoft are still struggling to imitate . Apple ca n't make them fast enough . On launch days , people queue up in massive lines so they can be one of the first to get a new iPhone or iPad . Even if consumers do know about what it took to make their new gadget , as many likely do thanks to the widespread reports on working conditions overseas , it 's obviously not enough to keep them from getting caught up in the fervor of an Apple product launch . I ca n't see that ending just because of a new story in The New York Times or a proposed boycott . But it 's not just about the massive popularity of Apple 's gadgets that keep people buying . It 's the price . The latest and greatest iPhone model , the 4S , costs $ 199 . iPads start at $ 499 . One of the biggest reasons Apple can sell its stuff at such low prices is because they 're produced on the cheap in China , sometimes by sacrificing good working conditions to make it happen .  If you believe the reports . Those cheap production costs are why a lot of the anger comes from the fact that Apple is a massively profitable company . Right now it has almost $ 100 billion sitting in the bank . It could use some of that cash to put more pressure on Foxconn and others to improve working conditions overseas . A successful boycott could force Apple to make those changes , but consumers will have to sacrifice something , too . In a poll from the Times that ran with its Foxconn story last week , most consumers thought companies such as Apple should make products in the U.S. but still absorb the added manufacturing costs . In other words , consumers do n't want to pay more for iPhones and iPads than they already do just to ensure factory workers get better working conditions . It 's all about money . So even if Apple moved production to the U.S. or managed to heavily invest in China and improve working conditions there , it would likely result in higher prices for consumers . For a profit-driven company such as Apple , there 's almost no chance it would want to absorb those costs itself . Yes , a lot of the heat on this issue has been put on Apple . But keep in mind it 's not alone . Foxconn and similar manufacturers in Asia make gadgets for several other major consumer brands . It 's not like suddenly switching from the iPhone to another smartphone will improve the lives of those who make it . You may feel guilty buying an Apple product , but the problem wo n't be fixed until all electronics makers change , too . In the end , consumers would be the ones who have to pay to make working conditions better for the people who make your iPhone . And it seems unlikely there are enough of you out there willing to do that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Kovach . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Some people are considering a boycott of Apple over conditions in Chinese factories A recent New York Times story shed some light on horrifying working conditions there Poll suggests consumers may not pay higher prices for Apple products made in U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama 's former defense secretary , Leon Panetta , says if the White House had listened to his advice on U.S. troop levels in Iraq , the country 's security situation may not have unraveled . "  To this day , I believe that a small U.S. troop presence in Iraq could have effectively advised the Iraqi military on how to deal with al-Qaeda 's resurgence and the sectarian violence that has engulfed the country , " Panetta writes in his upcoming autobiography , due out next week . President Obama announced in October 2011 that virtually all of the 39,000 U.S. troops would leave Iraq by the end of that year . Obama had said that it was a fulfillment to his 2008 campaign promise to bring troops in Iraq home . But at the same time , talks to get the Status of Forces Agreement , which provided immunity from prosecution to those troops , were at a standstill due to the internal politics of Iraq . Panetta , who said he argued behind the scenes and publicly for a small amount of troops to be left for additional training for Iraq 's military , was frustrated with White House negotiations on the deal . Under Secretary of Defense Michele Flournoy led the administration 's efforts in the heated debate . "  Those on our side viewed the White House as so eager to rid itself of Iraq that it was willing to withdraw rather than lock in arrangements that would preserve our influence and interests , " he said in excerpts of the book released by Time Magazine . He writes that his views were shared by other military commanders in the region and the Joint Chiefs of Staff but he believes that the Commander-in-Chief could have done more . "  Officials there seemed content to endorse an agreement if State and Defense could reach one , but without the President 's active advocacy , al-Maliki was allowed to slip away . The deal never materialized , " writes Panetta . President Obama told CBS 's "  60 Minutes " that former Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki had "  squandered " the opportunity to be a thriving democracy with a strong military because he "  was much more interested in consolidating his Shia base and very suspicious of the Sunnis and the Kurds " than creating a united government . The president said that sending U.S. troops back into Iraq is not the solution . "  We can not do this for them , because it 's not just a military problem It 's a political problem , " he said on Sunday . "  And if we make the mistake of simply sending U.S. troops back in , we can maintain peace for a while . But unless there is a change in how , not just Iraq , but countries like Syria and some of the other countries in the region , think about what political accommodation means . Think about what tolerance means . " But Panetta worries that in the meantime the deterioration of Iraq 's security has potentially wiped out gains in the fight against terrorism . "  The news from Iraq bothered me to no end . In my view , the ISIS offensive in 2014 greatly increases the risk that Iraq will become al-Qaeda 's next safe haven . That is exactly what it had in Afghanistan pre-9 / 11 , " he writes . "  After all we have done to decimate al-Qaeda 's senior leadership and its core , those efforts will be for naught if we allow it to rebuild a base of operations in the Middle East . " Panetta served as Secretary of Defense from 2011 until 2013 . He returned to his role as director at the Panetta Institute for Public Policy , which he founded with his wife in 1997 . His new book , "  Worthy Fights " is due out October 7th . Panetta : Should have armed Syrian rebels sooner	Fmr . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta says Obama should have left troops in Iraq Panetta says other military commanders shared his views Despite this , Panetta says U.S. troops should not be sent back to Iraq Panetta served as Obama 's Secretary of Defense from 2011 until 2013
Editor 's note : Nima Elbagir is an international correspondent who has spent years investigating Africa 's hidden stories from Somalia to Sudan and Congo . She has previously worked for ITN and Reuters . The one thing you 're never prepared for every time you come back to Eastern Congo is how beautiful it is . At night the fishermen row home across Lake Kivu singing in Swahili , lanterns waving from the bows that arch across the top of their canoes . Even when you wind up through the hills , driving past Congolese army camps and watching for any signs that the militias are on the move , you still get distracted by the sugar cane sellers and the drooping red bell flowers growing wild by the roadside . It 's only when you look closer that you start to notice the abandoned huts and half burned sheds hidden among the trees . It 's kind of an analogy for the conflict itself . It seems to be hidden in plain sight from the eyes of the world . Every time I tell people I 'm visiting the Democratic Republic of Congo , they tell me "  how awful . " But they also sound puzzled . It 's almost like we 've been hearing about this for so long that we 've all kind of presumed that must mean that something is being done . The tragedy is that we have n't heard the half of it . Read how women are raped as a weapon of war When the United Nations released a report stating it believed that over the last year 15,000 women had been raped in the eastern region of Congo , the consensus in Bukavu , the capital of South Kivu , was that there were many thousands more . Read about Congo 's ` heartbreaking decade ' Dr. Denis Mukwegi , the founder of the unit treating victims of sexual unit at Panzi Hospital in Bukavu , said there are many more women in hard to reach areas who are going without treatment and help . Panzi has set up mobile clinics to try to get to these women in remote communities but as long as the violence continues to block roads and isolate communities , there will be many more women here , just out of reach and beyond protection . Panzi receives outside funding from non-governmental organizations and the United Nations Children 's Fund but it is fundamentally a Congolese run initiative and that 's another thing about Congo that you are unprepared for ; in the midst of the most extreme horror and cruelty Congolese are trying to help themselves and each other . Trauma centers have been set up in both North and South Kivu by local communities and there are also local organizations working to reunite and rehabilitate abandoned children and child soldiers . Read about the child soldiers finding new hope They have n't succeeded in bringing peace but they 're taking steps towards healing . As one local activist said : "  We are tired of talking , tired of waiting for the world to come . We have to act or we as a people will cease to exist . "	Signs of Congo 's violence are hidden among the country 's natural beauty Many fear U.N. 's estimate of 15,000 war rapes in a year is off by thousands Some are trying to bring help and hope to the battered country One aid worker said : "  We are tired of talking , tired of waiting for the world to come "
CNN  -- Attorneys on both sides of the same-sex marriage debate faced off Monday in a federal appeals court in California , as a panel of judges heard arguments about the constitutionality of Proposition 8 . In August , a federal judge ruled that the voter-approved measure , which defined marriage as a union between a man and a woman , violated the U.S. Constitution . The Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals considered an appeal of that judge 's ruling Monday . The three-judge panel opened Monday 's hearing with tough questioning of parties seeking to appeal the decision , including ProtectMarriage.com and Isabel Vargas , who 's a deputy clerk and deputy commissioner of civil marriages for Imperial County , California , where voters overwhelmingly approved Proposition 8 . "  What 's your best case to allow for your standing in federal court ? " one judge asked attorney Charles Cooper , representing ProtectMarriage.com . "  Your honor , I do n't have a case , " Cooper responded , referring to relevant court cases . Cooper later urged the panel to consider how the California Supreme Court earlier ruled in favor of the voter-approved Proposition 8 . "  If you do n't agree with me that we have standing , " Cooper told the court , "  then I do urge you to answer the California Supreme Court decision . " Then Judge Stephen Reinhardt questioned attorney Robert Tyler , who represented Vargas , about how a deputy clerk , instead of the clerk , could have legal standing in the appeal . After a lengthy exchange , Reinhardt appeared frustrated and stated : "  If you do n't know the answer , say so , as the prior attorney did . " In asserting that his client has standing in the appeal , Tyler told the court that the county clerks are local officers , but they perform state functions such as civil marriages . Monday 's arguments in San Francisco , California , were being divided into two hour-long sessions -- one over the legal standing of those appealing the decision , and one over the constitutionality of Proposition 8 . Monday 's hearing is the latest in a lengthy legal battle over same-sex marriage in California . The state 's high court had allowed same-sex marriage , but then the 2008 Proposition 8 voter referendum passed with 52 percent of the vote . The California Supreme Court subsequently allowed that initiative to stand , saying it represented the will of the people . Two same-sex couples filed a federal challenge , saying the law violated 14th Amendment constitutional protections of due process and equal protection . On August 4 , U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker agreed , ruling that the voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage violated the equal protection clause of the U.S. Constitution . "  Proposition 8 fails to advance any rational basis in singling out gay men and lesbians for denial of a marriage license , " Walker , who was appointed to the federal bench by former President George H.W. Bush , wrote in his 136-page opinion . "  Indeed , the evidence shows Proposition 8 does nothing more than enshrine in the California Constitution the notion that opposite-sex couples are superior to same-sex couples . " Same-sex marriage is currently legal in five states and in the District of Columbia . The five states are Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont , Iowa and New Hampshire . Walker 's landmark ruling led to a swift federal appeal that could ultimately reach the Supreme Court .	NEW : Judges ask tough questions to side opposing same-sex marriage A panel of judges will hear arguments over whether the measure is constitutional A lengthy legal battle continues after voters approved Proposition 8 A federal judge 's earlier ruling says the proposition violates the Constitution
CNN  -- Expect debilitating traffic jams and crammed subways as hordes of joyous , beer-guzzling , gimbap eating , DSLR-toting visitors hit the streets of Seoul this Saturday for the city 's most explosive festival of the year . "  It 's Seoul 's biggest event , " says Hee-jae Kim , an operations representative for the annual Seoul International Fireworks Festival , now in its 11th year . "  To have more than one million people turn out to one spot , for that one event on one day ... there is n't anything like it in terms of scale . " Set in Yeouido , one of the city 's business and media epicenters , the fireworks festival takes place in front of the 63 Building , event sponsor Hanwha Corporation 's iconic skyscraper overlooking the Han River . Fiery designs In addition to showcases by Korean fireworks designers , teams from Canada , Japan and France will blast their own award-winning creations into the night . Canada 's Apogee Fireworks will showcase its "  Skyfall " display while Japan 's Tamaya Kitahara Fireworks team plans to shoot a Japanese garden into the sky . The French team , Ruggieri , will set their streaming lights show to opera music . By the numbers Hanwha is spending approximately â ‚ © 3.5 billion  $ 3.3 million  on the festival . A total of 100,000 fireworks will be set off on Saturday starting at 7 p.m. . More than 3,000 staff and police will be on safety and security standby . "  I made sure to come three hours early to get a good spot with my friends , " said Miji Lee , 29 , who attended last year . "  You should remember to bring a big mat , a blanket and a trash bag . And try not to drink too much or you 'll have to wait the huge lines for the bathroom . " For this year 's event , 600 staff have been recruited to clean up the inevitable island of trash that will be left behind . More visitor tips Due to expected traffic snarls , visitors should use public transport to get to the festival . Although restaurants and viewing platforms on Yeouido skyscrapers will offer good views of the fireworks , organizers say visitors should sit outside to get the full effect of the music , smells , noise and special effects . Seoul International Fireworks Festival 2013 Saturday October 5 , 7-9 p.m Yeouido Hangang Park  near by 63 Building  , Yeouido-dong 8 , Yeongdeungpo-gu , Seoul Public transport : Yeouido Station on subway lines 5 and 9 ; airport bus 6030	More than one million people expected to turn out for Seoul 's annual fireworks festival Visitors advised to use public transport , arrive hours early for good riverside viewing spot Over 100,000 fireworks from designers around the world will be set off
CNN  -- Akio Toyoda 's appearance before U.S. legislators on Wednesday represents not just a fact-finding mission by committee members and a public relations move by Toyota , but a clash of cultures that in many ways created the recall controversy . "  They turned a rather ordinary recall into a brand-threatening crisis , " said Jeff Kingston , a professor of Asian studies at Temple University 's Japan campus in Tokyo . Indeed , a key reason why Toyoda is in the hot seat is because the company leadership responded in a very Japanese fashion , Japan watchers say . "  Their decision-making process was painfully slow , but the international media and concerned customers do n't want to wait so long for answers , " Kingston said . "  Anytime the public hears ` brake ' and ` problem ' in the same sentence , they want quick answers . " Toyoda 's long silence as the company deliberated what to do is a hallmark of the Japanese culture of consensus building . "  The decision-making process is really the planning process in Japan -- you do n't see a lot of rapid response to a strategic issue , " said Michael Alan Hamlin , president of Team Asia , which provides communications advice to multinational companies . Difficult , too , will be how Toyoda handles hostile questioning , especially since most of his public experience has been before a largely deferential Japanese press . "  There is a huge difference in how Japanese media cover companies , " said Hamlin , who lived in Japan for a decade . "  They are careful not to upset or annoy business leaders too much , because they do n't want their access to information or press conferences blocked because of negative reporting . "  In the West , you take Microsoft , Google or GM -- once they are big , successful companies , they are targets  of aggressive media  , " he said . "  That 's the trade-off for visibility and success . " How the two audiences -- American and Japanese -- view Toyoda 's performance may be very different because of cultural differences in body language . "  Japanese when in an apology mode -- especially before an authority like the U.S. Congress -- will be very humble . That means , you do n't necessarily look people in the eye , " said Deborah Hayden , Tokyo managing partner of Kreab & Gavin Anderson Worldwide , a communications consultancy . "  From a Western perspective , that can be mistaken as weakness or perhaps trying to hide something . " Also , Japanese language tends to be indirect -- whereas before the committee members are likely to pepper him with direct questions and "  be a bit of political theater , " Hamlin added . "  He 's got to walk a very fine line of polite respect -- which Japanese have in bucket loads -- and the confidence of being head of one of the largest , most respected companies in the world , " Hayden said .	Toyota 's handling of the recall crisis has elements of a culture clash Toyoda 's long silence is a hallmark of the Japanese culture of consensus building Toyoda has little experience dealing with hostile questions from the public
CNN  -- Prince Albert of Monaco will tie the knot to former South African Olympic swimmer Charlene Wittstock next July , the palace announced Thursday . The pair have set July 8 , 2011 , as the day for a civil wedding at the palace . The next day , they will take part in a religious ceremony , the palace said . The 52-year-old prince and ruler of Monaco , the only son of Princess Grace and the late Prince Rainier , has never married . In a 2004 interview with CNN 's Larry King , Albert admitted it had taken him "  longer than most " to find a wife . "  There have been some relationships where , had they gone on a little bit more , they would have headed that way , " Albert said . "  But I think it 's -- it 's so much your own timing and your own agenda and the person you want to be with . " Like his fiancee , Albert is also an Olympian , having competed in five Olympic Winter Games -- from Calgary in 1988 to Salt Lake City in 2002 -- in bobsledding . He is a member of the International Olympic Committee and president of Monaco 's national Olympic committee . Albert has two sisters , Princesses Caroline and Stephanie . The prince and Wittstock have been photographed together many times in the past four years , leading to speculation they would eventually marry . Albert has two children from previous relationships -- a 6-year-old son born to Nicole Coste , a flight attendant from Togo , and an 18-year-old daughter born to American Tamara Rotolo , a former waitress . Neither child is in line for the throne under Monaco law , which says succession passes only to direct legitimate descendants . Albert was formally invested as Monaco 's ruler following the death of his father in 2005 . Monaco , a sovereign principality , is one of the smallest countries in the world , measuring just under 2 square miles . It sits on the French Riviera and is bordered on three sides by France . It has a population of about 33,000 people .	Two ceremonies are planned for July 2011 Monaco 's Prince Albert has never married The ruler of Monaco is the son of Princess Grace and Prince Rainier Albert and his fiancee are both Olympians
EW.com  -- It 's the comeback that "  General Hospital " fans have been waiting for : the Emmy-winning Genie Francis , who spent a little over a year on "  The Young and the Restless , " will return to the ABC soap that made her a household name , EW has learned exclusively . Francis just closed a deal to reprise her role as Laura Spencer for the drama 's 50th anniversary this year . She 'll report to the sudser 's Los Angeles , California , set sometime later this month for a February 11 debut , which is actually 50 days before the series ' April 1 anniversary . It 's unclear how long Francis , a.k.a. Laura , will stick around Port Charles this time . Lance Armstrong agrees to Oprah Q&A Speculation about Francis returning to GH fired up as soon as she left Y&R in November , where she played Genevieve Atkinson since May of 2011 . "  Everywhere I was being asked ! " Francis tells EW . Turns out executive producer Frank Valentini was definitely interested in staging a comeback for Francis , who worked on "  GH " from 1976 to 2008 , but they made the decision to wait for the right time . "  I do n't know what the story is , " she says . "  I have no idea , but Frank is very persuasive , energetic , infectious and has a sense of fun , a positive-ness that makes you want to work for the guy . He assured me there was going to be nice stuff to play . I am choosing to believe him ! " Zooey Deschanel : Name game at TCA Francis had only one caveat â $ " that there be an explanation for why she was gone from Port Charles for so long . In the "  GH " world , Laura has three kids : Lulu and Lucky with Luke Spencer , and Nikolas with Stavros Cassadine . "  It 's not for me to tell them how to run their show . But my biggest concern was that there had to be a good reason for me to stay away from my family , " Francis says . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Francis just closed a deal to reprise her role as Laura Spencer on "  General Hospital " She 'll report to the sudser 's set sometime later this month for a February 11 debut It 's unclear how long Francis , a.k.a. Laura , will stick around Port Charles this time .
CNN  -- According to a recent study by the National Sleep Foundation , about one in every four married or cohabitating Americans claim they 're so sleep-deprived that they 're often too tired to have sex . It 's not surprising why sleep trumps sex : Between work , family and social obligations , our need for shuteye often suffers . Add in problems such as financial stress , health issues and relationship woes , and you can see why sex tends to drop to the bottom of our "  to do " list -- if it 's on there at all . And when we do finally hit the sheets , many of us are more apt to hold onto our smart phone , tablet or other gadget than our partner 's hand . "  Many of us are multitasking throughout the day for extended periods of time -- constant stimulation that can allow for enriching experiences , " says Amy Levine , sex coach and founder of Ignite Your Pleasure . "  However , that can also take its toll on our sex lives . " In some cases , though , simple exhaustion is n't the only reason why sex takes a backseat to sleep . Unless you 've been diagnosed with a health condition that saps energy , such as chronic fatigue syndrome , it 's possible that factors other than a busy lifestyle are at play . Are men ` sexually fluid ? ' "  Boredom could be to blame , " Levine says . "  If you think or feel sex is going to be status quo , it will feel like a chore rather than something that 's satisfying . " Also likely : a low sex drive . According to a 2008 study published in the Archives of Internal Medicine , between one-third and one-half of all women will find themselves coping with low sexual desire at some point in their lives . And while we 're lacking such strong statistics for men , I and many other experts believe that low libido is increasingly becoming a problem for guys , too . Although any number of factors could be to blame for these dips in desire , many of the same triggers that make us exhausted -- like stress , anxiety , worry -- are also linked to decreased desire in both men and women . Some people may confuse a low libido with being too tired for sex ; for others , exhaustion itself seems to trigger a lower sex drive . "  A lot of women are satisfied with their relationships and enjoy sex once it 's under way but are just too tired and stressed to feel sexual desire , " explains Laurie Mintz , a University of Florida professor of psychology and the author of "  A Tired Woman 's Guide to Passionate Sex . " The book was shown in a published study of 45 women to significantly increase sexual desire , arousal , satisfaction and overall sexual functioning in those who followed the book 's program . Fortunately , there 's much you can do to create both the time and energy to make sex a regular part of your routine again . Try these steps to get back on track : Get on a regular sleep schedule It 's the end of a long day , the kids are finally in bed , and all you and your partner want to do is -- well , veg out in front of the TV , or putter around on the Internet , or play a few rounds of Words with Friends . Says Patty Brisben , educator and founder of PureRomance.com , "  The average American spends 2.7 hours a day watching TV , according to the American Time Use Survey . So you have to ask yourself which is more important to you : your relationship or American Idol ? " Try to stick to a regular bedtime , and devote the last hour or so of your waking time to your partner . Even if you do nothing more than cuddle , you 're setting a schedule that allows time for more when you 're ready . Eventually , your mood will follow . Stay-at-home dads are sexy Think outside the box It 's easy to say , "  Let 's have sex tonight , " early in the day when your energy is still high . Yet most of us wait until nighttime to get intimate , and by then we 're often too tired to make a move . "  Some people are more aroused during the day than at night , " Levine says . "  Make your arousal pattern work with your schedule and that of your partner so you can enjoy physical intimacy . " That might mean indulging in morning sex before work or a lunchtime quickie -- whatever works for you . Make a date Think scheduled sex is boring ? Not necessarily . There 's a common assumption that spontaneous sex is best , but "  planned encounters help build anticipation and relieve tension within your relationship , " Mintz says . Get a sitter and head out for date night , play hooky from work , or make time for sex when the kids are at a friend 's house , for example . Adds Brisben , "  Scheduling sex is great for someone who loves to make a ` to-do ' list . You know you 're not going to sleep until that box is checked off . Plus , it 'll establish a pattern of healthy sexual behavior . They say it takes 21 days to form a habit . Once that habit is formed , you wo n't want to go to sleep unless you 've had sex . " Just do it It can be tough to feel aroused when all you want to do it sleep . But stick with it . Like other forms of exercise , "  sex can give you an energetic buzz , " Levine says . "  You just have to be willing to push past the feeling of tiredness to experience the pleasure that will ultimately recharge you . "  If you shift your schedule so you get enough sleep and reprioritize your day to the essentials , " Levine says , "  being tired does n't have to be a factor that influences your sex life . " And remember , sex begets sex . Once you get back into the swing of things , you 're likely to start wanting to get -- and stay -- intimate more often . When you wake up and smell the coffee , it will smell all the better for having had sex the night before . Sexonomics : Putting your ` erotic capital ' to work	Study : 1 in 4 Americans say they 're often too tired for sex It 's possible that boredom or a low sex drive are to blame A regular sleep schedule or making a date with your partner can help
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Celebratory gunfire erupted across the capital Sunday when Iraq 's soccer team won the Asian Cup , in a 1-0 shutout against three-time champions Saudi Arabia . A soldier takes position Sunday in central Baghdad after a vehicle ban was announced in the Iraqi capital . Stray bullets killed four people and wounded 17 others in the capital , an official with the Iraqi interior Ministry told CNN . An Iraqi woman who was among military workers watching the game from a U.S.-Iraqi military base labeled the team members "  heroes . " "  This is our victory , " said the woman , who was interviewed by CNN but would not allow her face to appear on camera because of security concerns . U.S. soldiers at the base joked that , with the victory , the war was over and they could return home , CNN 's Arwa Damon reported . Iraqi state television showed the players , draped in Iraqi flags , hoisting pewter cups aloft as they reached out for the main trophy held by a player on a dais that had been set up in the field . Watch Iraqis celebrate in Baghdad " Confetti filled the air and fireworks lit up the night sky after the game , which was played in Jakarta . The Iraqi team 's players ran a victory lap around the field before posing for photographs . Each of the 23 members of the Iraqi team is to receive $ 10,000 , a prize promised them by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki before the final match , whatever its outcome , Iraq 's Youth and Sports Minister Jasim Mohammed Jaafar said . The team is scheduled to return Wednesday to Baghdad , where they will be greeted by government officials and awarded a special gift from the prime minister , Jaafar said . During the past week , as the Iraqis ascended to the finals , dozens of people died in soccer-related violence , some from celebratory gunfire and some from attacks . In an effort to prevent further violence , authorities on Sunday clamped down on security in Baghdad . Vehicles were banned from the streets of the capital as part of a curfew that began at 4 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  and was scheduled to end at 6 a.m. Monday  10 p.m. Sunday ET  . In the Jordanian capital of Amman , Iraqi exiles drove through the streets , waving Iraqi flags and honking their horns , CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported . In a western Amman neighborhood , hundreds of Iraqi women , children and men danced in the street in celebration . A smiling young man in a wheelchair maneuvered himself through the crowds while an old woman who could barely walk held a small Iraqi flag aloft . "  Baghdad is victorious ! " some chanted , while others chanted "  Down with terror ! " One woman said the team 's victory represents a sign of unity among Iraqis . "  We are Shiite , Sunni , Kurd and Christian , we are all united , " she said . Wiping away tears of joy , she said it was the first time in years living outside of Iraq that she felt she was at home . About an hour into the spontaneous celebration , the mood in Amman was dampened as Jordanian security forces used force to disperse the Iraqis . As onlookers booed , the forces shoved a middle-aged Iraqi man into the back of a police SUV . Nearby , a Jordanian policeman could be seen kicking a young celebrant . A Jordanian government spokesman referred CNN to police for comment on the matter . Police said the crowds were being dispersed for security reasons . E-mail to a friend	Woman at Baghdad military base dubs national team "  heroes " after historic win Prime Minister announces each player to receive $ 10,000 Jubilant Iraqis in Baghdad ignore gunfire , vehicle ban after 1-0 win Violence after previous Iraqi wins in Asian Cup has killed at least 50 people
Paula Deen might be on track to issue another apology . After her career in food imploded last year when she admitted to previously using a racial slur , the 67-year-old celebrity chef is trying to slowly rebuild what she 's lost . However , her recent cover story with People magazine is having the opposite effect . In the article , Deen says she is finding inspiration in what might seem an unusual place given her past troubles . "  I feel like 'em battled ' or ` disgraced ' will always follow my name , " she tells People . "  It 's like that black football player who recently came out , " referring to NFL prospect and former University of Missouri football standout , Michael Sam . "  He  Sam  said , ' I just want to be known as a football player . I do n't want to be known as a gay football player . ' I know exactly what he 's saying . " Given that the former doyenne of Southern cuisine has acknowledged in a deposition that she 'd used the "  N " word in the past , several observers were thrown by her choice of words . "  Seriously Paula ? " Twitter user @HarryItie responded to CNN 's story on Deen 's People interview , summing up in two words the reaction of the Internet . "  Paula Deen crashing and burning before she rises from the ashes like a Phoenix , " commented @JayBaklava . The Stir 's Food & Party channel , meanwhile , tried for some humor : "  Paula Deen Comes Back From Her Racist Past as a Black Gay Football Player . " "  I honestly do n't have a problem with Paula Deen I just need her to stop speaking about anything other than cooking , " said @mktggirl . Her comment is a noticeable misstep in what 's been pegged as her "  comeback " plan : Within the past month , Deen has made a warmly welcomed appearance at the recent South Beach Wine and Food festival , has announced a new company , Paula Deen Ventures , and confirmed she 's planning to open a new restaurant in Pigeon Forge , Tennessee . It 's the support from her fans , Deen tells People , that 's enabled her to get back up after last summer 's controversy stripped her of sponsors and her gig as a Food Network personality . "  If it was n't for my fans ' love , I 'd be home breathing into a paper bag , " Deen says . "  When I woke up each morning , it was like my world was crashing down again . ... I 'm fighting to get my name back . " It looks like that fight continues .	Paula Deen is on the cover of the new issue of People magazine She talks about the controversy she faced over using the "  N " word in the past She describes how she 's now trying to get her career and her name back Deen : I feel like "  embattled " or "  disgraced " will always follow my name
CNN  -- "  Sons of Guns " star Will Hayden lost his reality show , his company and his freedom when he was arrested Wednesday on rape charges . Hayden was booked on an aggravated rape charge at Louisiana 's East Baton Rouge Parish jail on Wednesday , pending $ 200,000 bail , according to jail records . The arrest comes two weeks after Hayden was released on a $ 150,000 bond after his arrest on charges of child molestation and a crime against nature , according to Casey Rayborn Hicks , public information director of the East Baton Rouge Sheriff 's Office . Because of the nature of the arrest , further details on the charges have been sealed by court order . The Discovery Channel , which did not comment on the first arrest on August 13 , immediately canceled Hayden 's show when news of Wednesday 's arrest broke . "  Given the serious and horrific nature of the charges against Will Hayden , we have decided to halt further production of ` Sons of Guns ' and cancel the series , " the channel 's statement said . The show is based on Red Jacket Firearms , a custom weapons company Hayden founded and ran in Louisiana . The show ended its fifth season in May . The gun company posted a statement on its website Wednesday saying it has "  initiated and received full legal separation as an entity " from Hayden : "  With heavy hearts , we will be continuing to operate and ensure the fulfillment of new customer orders , back orders and to provide support to those affected by these new developments . WE are the Heart and Soul of Red Jacket and will remain steadfast in our commitment to quality and our customers , for years to come . " Hayden 's lawyer did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment on the case . Singer Ray J Norwood charged with sexual battery , vandalism , resisting arrest CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	William Hayden is in jail on rape charge pending $ 200,000 bond Discovery says it has canceled "  Sons of Guns " because of "  horrific nature of the charges " Red Jacket Firearms severs ties to founder William Hayden after latest arrest The show based on Hayden 's custom weapons company ended its fifth season in May
CNN  -- An Ohio man says he is seeking a jury trial on a charge of driving under the influence that was slapped on him after he crashed the vehicle he was piloting -- a barstool . The barstool was welded to a small metal frame attached to a five-horsepower lawnmower engine . "  It was just an accident . I mean a little minor accident , " Kile Wygle , 28 , explained in an interview this week with CNN affiliate WSYX . His homemade vehicle was made from a barstool welded to a small metal frame attached to a five-horsepower lawnmower engine , four wheels and a lawnmower steering wheel , according to the Newark , Ohio , police accident report . Officers responding to a report of a crash with injuries March 4 said they found Wygle nursing his injuries and highly intoxicated . According to the police report , when asked how much he had had to drink , Wygle responded , "  a lot . " He crashed during his attempt at a U-turn while speeding down the street in front of his home -- a daring move from atop the specialized barstool even for the most nimble and sober of men . Measuring 6-foot-1 and 230 pounds , and after having consumed what he later told an officer was 15 beers , Wygle appeared to be neither . He was treated at a hospital for minor injuries . According to the police report , Wygle claims his unique vehicle can reach a speed of 38 miles per hour , though at the time of the crash he was going around 20 . He entered a plea of not guilty .	Kile Wygle : "  It was just an accident . I mean a little minor accident " Barstool was welded to a small metal frame and lawnmower engine He crashed during his attempt at a U-turn while speeding down the street Wygle told officers he had consumed 15 beers
CNN  From late January , when New England was living through one of its bleakest and snowiest winters , to a warm and sunny afternoon in April , the jurors in the first-degree murder trial of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez have considered how a promising young athlete who earned millions came to take the life of his onetime friend and future brother-in-law , Odin Lloyd . The jury of seven women and five men listened to more than 130 witnesses and reviewed more than 400 pieces of evidence over the months-long trial . On Wednesday , they convicted Hernandez , who was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole , after deliberating more than 35 hours over parts of seven days . After the verdict , jurors agreed to meet with reporters , at times laughing nervously while shedding light on what some described as the grueling deliberation process . Here are five things to know about what they said : While declining to discuss specifics of what happened in the jury room , jurors said they came away satisfied with their decision . "  It 's a very big decision to make , and every one of us ... made sure we came to the best conclusion , " one juror told reporters . At one point on Monday , jurors asked Judge Susan Garsh to allow smoking breaks , which were permitted during trial . Some observers thought this signaled weeks of deliberations . A male juror said some panel members had meticulously filled four to eight notebooks as they listened to testimony . "  It was hard ... for everyone , " said a woman on the jury . "  Everyone 's life changed because of this . " Asked to elaborate , she told a reporter , "  I 've been here for as long as you have . " "  It 's the hardest thing I 've ever done in my life , " she said later about serving on the jury . "  Absolutely , by far . " Asked whether they would say anything to Hernandez , one of the women on the panel said simply , "  Nothing . " Others nodded in apparent agreement . Do they have any feelings about the 25-year-old former star ? "  For me , Judge Garsh said , ` Keep your mind suspended , ' " said a female juror . "  We went in there every day with open minds . We listened to the evidence . We heard what they had to say . We got to go into a room and see and touch and feel all the evidence and that 's when we came to our conclusion . " Did they know anything about Hernandez or the case before the trial ? One juror responded : "  Nothing . " "  Very little , " said another . About six jurors raised their hands when asked who among them was a New England Patriots fan . The jurors said they found out about Hernandez 's other legal woes from Garsh only after they reached a verdict . Hernandez potentially faces three more trials , one criminal and two civil actions . Next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in July 2012 . Prosecutors have said Hernandez fatally shot Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado when he fired into their 2003 BMW . Another passenger was wounded and two others were uninjured . Hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment . The families of de Abreu and Furtado filed civil suits against Hernandez , and a judge froze his $ 5 million in assets , pending the outcome of the double-murder trial . The freeze includes the disputed $ 3.3 million signing bonus payment Hernandez claims he is owed by the New England Patriots . Hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims Hernandez shot him while they were in a limousine in Miami in February 2013 . Alexander Bradley claims Hernandez wounded him after the two got into a fight at a Miami strip club . "  It 's amazing a lot of the information we learned today , " a female juror said Wednesday . "  I think we can all say we made the right decision . " Some jurors admitted to not knowing who Patriots owner Robert Kraft was when he took the stand at the trial . But they agreed that Kraft 's testimony was crucial . Kraft testified that Hernandez proclaimed his innocence to him and told the team owner that "  he hoped that the time of the murder ... came out because I believe he said he was in a club . " "  To this day -- we just went through a three-month trial , and this is now two years later -- we still do n't know the exact time of Odin 's murder , " a male juror said . "  So I do n't know how Aaron would have had that information two years ago . " Another juror was struck by the emotional testimony of Lloyd 's family and friends . "  For me , it was in the beginning -- the pictures , " a woman said of autopsy photos of Lloyd 's bullet-riddled body . "  You 're told to be unemotional and to sit there and hold back tears ...  That  was hard . " One man said his time on the case made him "  appreciate how quickly life can end and how fleeting it can be . " And that the justice system can work . "  The system is designed to be fair to both sides , " he said . "  In fairness , you ca n't rush . " The jurors did not find credible the defense team 's contention that Hernandez 's co-defendants -- Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz -- carried out the murder . The two men have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . In closing arguments , defense lawyer James Sultan for the first time placed Hernandez at the murder scene . Sultan described Wallace and Ortiz as a pair of drug dealers known to become crazed while on PCP , as men capable of killing someone in drug-induced fits of rage . "  Did he make all the right decisions ? No , " Sultan said of Hernandez . "  He was a 23-year-old kid who witnessed something , committed by somebody he knew . He really did n't know what to do , so he put one foot in front of another . Keep in mind , he 's not charged with accessory after the fact . ... He 's charged with murder ... and that he did not do . " "  We were all shocked about that , " a female juror told reporters Wednesday . "  It was very surprising , " said another . Asked about post-trial fame or the possibility of book deals for their role in the sensational case , a female juror smiled . "  None of us wanted to come into this room , " she told the reporters gathered around her . The jurors said they expected to sleep peacefully Wednesday night . "  After a beverage , " one of them added . Asked whether they were leaving the experience as friends , they all seemed to say , "  Yes . "	Female juror : "  Everyone 's life changed because of this " The jurors said they did n't learn of the other charges against Hernandez until after the verdict For these jurors , the system worked : It 's "  designed to be fair to both sides "
CNN  -- Football officials are apologizing to ticket-holding fans who were denied seats at Sunday 's Super Bowl , but that may not be enough to stop lawsuits over the issue from going ahead . NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell on Monday took full responsibility for the seating fiasco , in which about 400 fans with tickets were denied seats because certain sections of Cowboys Stadium in Dallas , which hosted the event , were n't ready . A total of about 1,250 fans were affected , but roughly 850 of them were relocated to other seats , while the remaining 400 were left without , the NFL said . Some people in the Dallas Cowboys organization volunteered to give up their employee tickets so affected fans could have a seat , Goodell said . "  We apologize to those fans that were impacted by this , " Goodell said at a news conference Monday . "  We will certainly do a thorough review and get to the bottom of why it all occurred , but we take full responsibility for that as putting on this game . " NFL Executive Vice President Eric Grubman said the problem was officials "  just ran out of time " to complete infrastructure like railings and steps and to tighten risers . Employees were still trying to get the work done as late as Sunday afternoon , he said . The Green Bay Packers won the Super Bowl on Sunday night , defeating the Pittsburgh Steelers 31-25 . Matthew Rush , 40 , a Steelers fan originally from Pittsburgh , was one of the 400 or so fans left without a seat at the big game . After spending the whole day being moved around to different parts of the stadium while officials tried to accommodate them , Rush and others were eventually moved to a glassed-in bar just below field level where they could watch the game on television monitors , he said . What view they had of the field was obscured by those standing on the sidelines , he added . "  It was happening 300 feet in front of us , but  it was as though  we were n't there , " Rush told CNN on his way back from Dallas on Tuesday . After halftime , Rush said , he and others were so frustrated that they left the stadium , and he watched the remainder from his hotel room . Rush said he spent a total of about $ 5,000 to attend the Super Bowl with his wife . He spent $ 800 per ticket , which he purchased through the Steelers ' season-ticket-holder lottery . The NFL promised to give a free ticket to next year 's Super Bowl and a refund of triple the cost of the $ 800 face value of the ticket to each of the 400 fans denied seats on Sunday -- or a free ticket to a future Super Bowl game of the fan 's choice , plus round-trip airfare and hotel accommodations . Fans can pick the option they want . But Rush said that does n't make up for the anger , frustration , and disappointment he still feels at missing his beloved Steelers at the big game . "  I actually feel worse for the Packers fans , because they missed their team winning the game , " he said . Rush said he 's further angered by Grubman 's revelation that football officials were aware of a potential seating problem as early as the middle of last week . Grubman said officials had still hoped to complete the work by game day , so they did n't warn fans about a problem . "  We made a judgment that we had a very good shot to be able to complete it , " Grubman said . "  We made a judgment that it was the right course of action to bring the fans in , rather than discourage them or create a sense that they would n't have the information necessary . " Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones on Monday said the Cowboys "  deeply regret " the problems experienced by the affected fans and share the responsibility for it with the NFL . Rush has started suesuperbowl.com , one of at least two websites for fans mulling possible lawsuits over the seating issue . He said he is obtaining legal counsel and is urging affected fans to get in touch . So far he has heard from about a dozen people , he said . "  We 're still figuring out what our rights are , whether damages come into play or not , " he said . "  This is more than just a breach of contract . ... This was a very traumatic experience for a lot of these people . " Another website compiling submissions from angry fans is superbowlsuit.com , started by Wes Lewis of Los Angeles . Lewis , 26 , told CNN he was one of the 850 fans initially denied a seat but later accommodated . He went to the game with his father , who was able to enter the stadium -- but when Lewis presented his ticket , he was told to go to the ticket resolution center . He said he waited there with other fans for nearly three hours with no information from officials . Eventually , Lewis said , someone from the NFL handed them fliers that promised the triple refund and entry to a hospitality area to watch the game . Angry and frustrated , that 's when he started his website , using his cell phone , Lewis said . In the end , Lewis said , he was able to join his father in the stands in their original seats -- but he said he still feels a duty to keep the site running . "  The NFL has an ethical , moral obligation to rectify this , and I have a moral obligation because the site 's at the forefront of the situation , " Lewis said , adding he does n't feel the league is doing enough . Lewis and Rush said they 're in touch with each other and are coordinating their efforts . Lewis said he 's not focusing on lawsuits as much as trying to collect the stories of affected fans ; so far he has had about 250 submissions , including about 50 detailed stories . Asked about possible lawsuits , Goodell said Monday , "  We 're more concerned with making sure we take care of the fans in an appropriate way , and that 's what we 're going to focus on . "	NEW : Fans can choose tickets to Super Bowl 2012 or one of their choosing , NFL says About 400 ticket-holders failed to get seats on Sunday Another 850 had to be accommodated in other parts of the stadium Some fans are thinking of suing the NFL
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton might be in the midst of one of the fiercest Formula One battles of recent years but the Mercedes man is staying cool -- ice cool . While Hamilton has just eight races remaining to secure a second world title , the 29-year-old took time out to brave the ALS ice bucket challenge . But while some might have frozen with shock , Hamilton was in red-hot form during practice at Spa Francorchamps , Belgium , Friday . The British driver , who trails teammate Nico Rosberg by 11 points in the standings , finished more than half-a-second clear of the field in the second practice session . "  It 's great to be back in the car and it was feeling good out there today , " Hamilton told reporters on the first day back after the mid-season break . "  The morning was n't as strong , but it definitely improved in the afternoon . As always , we still have work to do tonight , but overall today was OK . "  It stayed dry throughout both sessions but the forecast is wet for tomorrow , so it was important to maximize track time as this may be our last dry running before the race . "  We 've seen rain so often here in the past and that can really mix things up -- particularly when it 's wet in places and dry in others . "  Your visor is almost level with the ground , so it 's not like looking from above where you can see the different patches . "  That makes it really hard to pick out the areas where you can find grip , but it 's also a lot of fun . " Hamilton set a fastest lap of one minute 49.189 seconds on the soft compound tires , with German Rosberg just behind on one minute 49.793 seconds . Fernando Alonso , who finished 0.741 seconds behind Hamilton , was third ahead of Williams ' Felipe Massa and Jenson Button in the McLaren . Hamilton , whose five victories this season have taken him to 191 points , will start as favorite for pole position on Saturday but Rosberg is confident he can come out on top with adverse weather expected . "  As normal , it will be a long night analyzing everything that we learned today to really nail it tomorrow , " Rosberg told reporters . "  The interesting challenge for this weekend is to find the right compromise between being quick over one lap and over a long distance in the race -- especially if it 's wet tomorrow , with the predictions currently saying we will have mixed conditions . " Elsewhere , reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel was forced to miss the session after his Red Bull suffered engine failure .	Lewis Hamilton stars in Friday 's practice section in Belgium Mercedes driver topped the charts ahead of teammate Nico Rosberg Rosberg leads drivers ' championship by 11 points Hamilton has won five races so far this season
CNN  -- Two tainted lots of a generic version of a drug reportedly taken by Michael Jackson have been recalled by the drug maker . However , no link has been established between the drug -- a powerful sedative and anesthetic called propofol -- and the singer 's death . "  I have no way of knowing anything related to this specific product -- if it might have played a role or not played a role , " said Dr. Arjun Srinivasan , the chief investigator on the recall for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The agency is not involved in the investigation into Jackson 's death , he said . The CDC issued a health advisory Monday , saying two lots of a generic version of the drug had tested positive for endotoxin , a contaminant . The drug maker , Teva Pharmaceuticals , voluntarily recalled the lots . Srinivasan said the agency received 40 reports of patients around the country developing high fevers and muscle aches after being injected with the drug . "  All of the cases had high fevers , some muscle aches , headaches , but no issues with heart problems that we were told of , " he said . Jackson died June 25 of cardiac arrest . The exact cause of death is pending toxicology results . All of the people who had taken propofol recovered ; only one was hospitalized and that patient was quickly discharged , he said . But , he added , "  at high doses , endotoxin can absolutely cause lowered blood pressure and much more serious reactions . " "  It can cause decreases in blood pressure , which could precipitate problems with your heart . " The manufacturer , Teva Pharmaceuticals , is working with the Food and Drug Administration to determine how the contamination occurred and is voluntarily recalling the affected lots , he said . A spokeswoman for Teva said about 57,000 vials were included in the recall of the drug , and said the company had been contacted by the Drug Enforcement Administration . "  I can say the DEA did contact us about a specific lot number , and that lot number is not from the two we are recalling , " said spokeswoman Denise Bradley . She would not say whether the contact was related to the Jackson investigation . A DEA spokesman did not immediately return a call seeking comment . The Associated Press and the Los Angeles Times , citing unidentified sources , have reported that police found the drug Diprivan , a brand-name version of propofol , among Jackson 's medicines . A source involved with the probe into Jackson 's death told CNN that investigators found numerous bottles of prescription drugs in his $ 100,000-a-month rented mansion in Holmby Hills , California . ProPublica , an online news organization , first reported a possible link between Jackson 's death and the drug recall on Tuesday . But an FDA spokeswoman denied there could have been a link . "  This is fever , chills , " said Karen Riley . "  Does that sound like heart failure ? " She said at least three companies make the generic version of the drug and only one of them -- AstraZeneca -- makes Diprivan , the brand-name version . "  We do n't know what was at Michael Jackson 's house , but I 'm guessing it was Diprivan because that 's what the reporting has been , " Riley said . "  This -LSB- the propofol recall -RSB- was endotoxin in the drug . It would not cause heart failure . ... It 's unrelated . " Authorities have said the cause of Jackson 's heart failure will not be determined officially until toxicology tests are complete .	NEW : DEA inquired about lot number not included in recall , spokesman says CDC says two lots of Diprivan 's generic version tested positive for contaminant 40 patients reported high fevers , muscle aches after taking generic version of drug FDA disputes online reports that recall and Michael Jackson 's death could be related
People.com  -- While she does not know who donated the kidney that potentially saved her life , Natalie Cole is on the mend and "  really doing well , " the Grammy-winning singer said at Thursday 's Harold Pump Foundation Gala in Beverly Hills to honor Earvin "  Magic " Johnson and Bill Russell . Natalie Cole had a kidney transplant in May . "  I 'm just really , really thankful , " she says . "  It 's remarkable what a new kidney does to your life . I have no complaints . ... I 'm pretty amazed . I have been working on my stamina . " Cole , whose transplant surgery took place in May , says , "  I just went to the doctor today . He is thrilled . I 'm just really , really thankful . I 'm thankful to the doctors , I 'm thankful to the family that donated the kidney . " In terms of the support she received , the Los Angeles , California-based Cole , 59 , says , "  My sisters who live in Florida , they came out , my son , oodles of friends . I got sick in New York , I was n't at home . I did n't know how many good friends I had until this happened . It was beautiful . I had people come and see me every day in the hospital for 10 days . " Having already announced a Hollywood Bowl comeback performance set for September 9 , Cole says , "  I only wish for anyone to have to go through this , that they have a circle of friends like I did . I was very blessed . " When it came to the medical procedure , she says , "  It is hard to find a match . A lot of people want to donate a kidney , but they 're not in a position to because they have health issues of their own , and a lot of people need them . That 's why the list is long and it takes a long time . "  My friend was on dialysis for six years before he got a new kidney . I was on dialysis for eight months . I 'm almost not even the typical person who has kidney failure . " Thankful as she is for the gift , Cole is prevented from knowing who donated the organ . "  I do n't know who they are . I have not met them , it 's all anonymous , " Cole says . One thing she did know , however : the family specifically requested that the organ go to Cole . "  That 's what was so awesome , their family basically requested that the kidney go to me , " she says . "  We are not sure how they knew . " Would she like to meet the donor ? "  Absolutely , are you kidding ? I would probably kiss them all over the place . " Try 4 FREE PREVIEW Issues of PEOPLE , CLICK HERE NOW Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	Grammy-winning singer Natalie Cole said she 's doing well after kidney transplant Cole has a comeback performance scheduled for September 9 She does n't know who donated the kidney , but knows the family requested she get it Cole would "  absolutely " like to meet her donor
CNN  -- It 's an unreal scene , like one from a horror film . Here 's how Tulsa World editor Ziva Branstetter described Oklahoma 's botched execution on Tuesday of convicted killer Clayton Lockett : • 6:28 p.m. Fifty milligrams of midazolam have been injected into each of Lockett 's arms to start the process , an attempt to sedate him before the second and third drugs are administered to stop the breathing and the heart . Lockett has spent the past several minutes blinking and occasionally pursing his lips . • ... 6:37 p.m. . The inmate 's body starts writhing and bucking and it looks like he 's trying to get up . Both arms are strapped down and several straps secure his body to the gurney . He utters another unintelligible statement . Defense Attorney Dean Sanderford is quietly crying in the observation area . • 6:38 p.m. Lockett is grimacing , grunting and lifting his head and shoulders entirely up from the gurney . He begins rolling his head from side to side . He again mumbles something we ca n't understand , except for the word "  man . " He lifts his head and shoulders off the gurney several times , as if he 's trying to sit up . He appears to be in pain . State officials reportedly were unsure how much of the second and third drugs that were supposed to kill Lockett were actually injected into his body . While the third was being administered , Lockett 's vein "  exploded , " Oklahoma Department of Corrections Director Robert Patton told reporters . He called the execution off . Then the inmate , Patton told the media , died of an apparent heart attack at 7:06 p.m. Perhaps some supporters of the death penalty find comfort in the fact that death by lethal injection is supposed to be painless -- more sterile than a firing squad , more clinical than the electric chair . For those people , perhaps , Oklahoma 's botched execution will be a wake-up call -- a realization that all executions , regardless of method , are cruel and not especially unusual in parts of the United States . But in Oklahoma -- where both the firing squad and the chair are still statutory alternatives to the needle , if other methods were to be deemed unconstitutional by the courts -- method and morality do n't seem to matter much . This is the state -- the state where I grew up , by the way , and where I once worked as a newspaper reporter -- that has the highest per capita rate of executions in the country . Nationally , support for the death penalty has declined from a high of 80 % in the 1990s to only 60 % now , according to Gallup . States such as Connecticut , Maryland and New Mexico recently have abolished this abhorrent practice . It 's unclear if public opinion in Oklahoma mirrors the national trend , statistically , but anecdotal evidence suggests the state supports , if not celebrates , state-sponsored death . "  Give them a bonus ! " one commenter wrote on The Oklahoman 's website , apparently referring to the executioner or state officials . "  I hope that man was in more pain than anyone ever imagined possible , " a woman from Oklahoma wrote on Facebook , echoing a sentiment I saw repeated . Not everyone reacted this way , to be sure . But an outsider could be forgiven for seeing politicians in the state who support these unethical policies as death-hungry and vengeful . History would support that view as well . It was Oklahoma , after all , in 1977 , that was the first state to authorize death by lethal injection . That decision was made , in part , because Oklahoma was "  facing the expensive prospect of fixing the state 's broken electric chair , " and lethal injections were cheaper , according to Human Rights Watch . It was Oklahoma , in 1988 , that lost an argument before the U.S. Supreme Court that it should be able to execute a man who was convicted of murder at age 15 . And it was Oklahoma , just this year , that executed a 38-year-old man , Michael Wilson , whose last words , just a moment before his death , were , "  I feel my whole body burning . " Yet , the state proceeded with Lockett 's execution this week . And it did so , according to The Guardian , using "  dosages never before tried in American executions . " Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin was forced to show some sense when she ordered a stay of a second execution -- of convicted child rapist and murderer Charles Warner -- that was scheduled to occur after Lockett 's on Tuesday . That a state was going to execute two men in one night drew international curiosity and condemnation . It rattled some feathers in Oklahoma , as there were protesters at the Capitol . But the governor and many residents were unmoved . No one would dispute that Lockett 's crime was unthinkably heinous : He was convicted of shooting 19-year-old Stephanie Neiman before watching his accomplice bury her alive . But that does n't excuse the state from ordering his death , especially in this way . Both Lockett and Warner 's sentences had been contested in court , with attorneys for the inmates arguing that the state can not withhold the exact source of the drugs it planned to use for the executions . A political circus ensued , and the court , in the view of Andrew Cohen , a fellow at the Brennan Center for Justice , "  caved in to the political pressure . " Oklahoma Supreme Court Justice Steven Taylor wrote , in agreement with the court , that Lockett and Warner had no right to know the source of the chemicals . " ...  I  f they were being hanged , they would have no right to know whether it be cotton or nylon rope ; or if they were being executed by firing squad , they would have no right to know whether it be by Winchester or Remington ammunition , " he wrote , according to news reports . States have been scrambling to come up with drugs they can use to kill people since some drug makers stopped selling them for such purposes . Fallin has called for an investigation into the botched execution . As part of that , she should make the source of Oklahoma 's drugs known . But Oklahoma seems to be a place hell-bent on secrecy . Near the end of the Tulsa World editor 's journal of events , Ziva Branstetter writes that "  blinds are lowered " and reporters were not allowed to see what happened in the final moments of Lockett 's life . "  Reporters exchange shocked glances , " she wrote at 6:39 p.m. "  Nothing like this has happened at an execution any of us has witnessed since 1990 , when the state resumed executions using lethal injection . " Reporters were escorted to a white van outside the state penitentiary in McAlester , Oklahoma , which is commonly known as "  Big Mac . " They were told to leave their state-issued pens , Branstetter wrote . One could find hope in that moment -- could think that the state realizes that if witnesses saw what happened after the curtain fell , they would be shocked into action . That seems like a plausible explanation , but I still have my doubts . The death penalty is on its way out in America . But it 's got a cold grip on Oklahoma .	Oklahoma botches first of two executions scheduled for Tuesday John Sutter : The horrific scene wo n't change attitudes in the state Sutter writes that some locals more or less celebrated the botched execution The death penalty still has a "  cold grip on Oklahoma , " he writes
CNN  -- Friday 's crash of Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShip Two , with its tragic loss of life , comes just three days after the failure of Orbital Sciences Corp. 's Antares re-supply mission to the International Space Station . Launching spaceships is obviously a very difficult business . The payload sits atop a huge amount of fuel , often weighing many times more than the satellite or material being sent into space . Every physics student knows the rocket problem : You need a lot of fuel to get a heavy spacecraft moving , and the weight of the unburned fuel itself has to be lifted as well . To increase the weight of the payload a rocket can lift , more fuel is needed , enough to lift the extra payload weight and lift the weight of the extra fuel . It 's kind of like compound interest . Add more mass to the payload and you have to add a lot more fuel . The payload carried on the failed Antares rocket was reportedly about 1 % as heavy as the spacecraft plus fuel . That means the majority 99 % was working hard to lift the 1 % dead weight . Early rocket designers realized the advantage of using two separate lift stages . After the fuel in the first stage has completely burned up , its container can be jettisoned , lightening the total spacecraft weight by much more than the burned fuel . The second stage can then accelerate the payload faster than if the empty fuel tank were still attached . The first stage has to do the most work because it lifts the full weight of payload plus fuel from a dead stop . The second stage has an easier job since the rocket is already moving and is much lighter without the weight of the first stage fuel plus container . Another design advance was to operate stages in parallel . That accelerates the rocket faster because at no point are any rocket stages dead weight . Analysis : Will space accidents deter pioneer tourists ? The history of rocket development is littered with explosions , back to the first reported rockets in 14th century China and Korea . Even sophisticated systems well along the development path , like NASA 's space shuttle , had failures . Orbital Sciences and Virgin Galactic are still developing their technologies and processes . NASA 's long record of mostly successful launches made spaceflight look so routine that we may have forgotten how difficult it is . Could the modern world do without launching materials and people into space ? Probably not . Satellites and other spacecraft are an integral part of navigation , weather , space science , earth science and ultra-fast global communications -- not to mention robotic and human exploration . Even if we forgo exotic trips to Mars , an awful lot of technology here on Earth wo n't work without space assets . Launching America into space is n't for the faint of heart . But it 's still the future .	The crash of Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShip Two comes on heels of a rocket explosion Meg Urry : Launching spaceships is obviously a very difficult business She says the history of rocket development is littered with failures Urry : NASA makes spaceflight look so routine that we may have forgotten how hard it is
New York  CNN  Wall Street is more than ready for Hillary Clinton . The former secretary of state confirmed on Sunday what the political world has expected for months -- eight years after her first failed White House bid , Clinton will once again seek the Democratic Party 's nomination for president . "  I 'm hitting the road to earn your vote , because it 's your time , " Clinton said in a video released Sunday afternoon officially kicking off her campaign . "  And I hope you 'll join me on this journey . " As Clinton sets off onto the campaign trail to reintroduce herself to voters and court donors across the country , Wall Street elites are ready to roll out the red carpet . But while the enthusiastic support from the industry will be a financial boon for Clinton 's newly launched campaign , it will also pose a delicate balancing act when it comes to appeasing a vocal wing of her party that is antagonistic toward the banking sector . Clinton , 67 , has long enjoyed a close relationship with the financial industry . As a New York senator for almost a decade , she represented Wall Street and courted the industry aggressively during her last presidential campaign . And there is a certain degree of nostalgia within the industry for her husband 's two-term presidency , marked by the 1990s bull market and broad financial deregulation , including the repeal of the Glass-Steagall Act , which separated commercial banking from riskier investing activities . Now Clinton 's allies in the finance world are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors in New York and beyond . Many on Wall Street and in the broader business community view her as a dependable , business-friendly force within a Democratic Party that has grown increasingly populist during President Barack Obama 's time in office . Robert Wolf , the former CEO of UBS Americas and a close Obama associate who will back Clinton in 2016 , said there 's an "  incredible amount of enthusiasm " for her campaign to get off the ground . "  We know the secretary from the years of being first lady to the senator to the secretary , so we have decades of working relationship with her , " Wolf , who now runs a boutique consulting firm headquartered in Manhattan , told CNN . "  I do n't think it 's surprising that the former senator of New York is close to the finance community . " Longtime Clinton friend and prominent Democratic fundraiser Alan Patricof , who founded the venture capital firm Greycroft Partners , said Clinton has "  an enormous following " both inside and outside of the finance world . "  There are a lot of people who perhaps did n't know her as well before who are all set to jump on the bandwagon , " Patricof said . As compared with 2008 , he added : "  There is no diminishment , just the opposite -- an acceleration of interest in her running for the presidency . " But the fanfare wo n't sit well with everyone . The former first lady 's perceived coziness with Wall Street is a source of irritation for liberal activists , who hope to push the eventual Democratic nominee to embrace progressive ideals during the 2016 primaries . Clinton , who lost her first presidential campaign to a challenger from the left , seems to recognize that the liberal wing of the party has grown even more vocal and influential since then , especially on economic matters . Her video message on Sunday centered on the theme of upward mobility and an economic recovery that has left some behind . "  Americans have fought their way back from tough economic times , but the deck is still stacked in favor of those at the top , " Clinton said , vowing to be a "  champion " of "  everyday Americans . " That statement tracks closely with her tone in recent public appearances , where the former secretary has been hitting on populist economic themes . She has taken on a range of issues that most appeal to liberals , such as the wealth gap , minimum wage and equal pay , in the months leading up to her announcement . In January , she took to social media to defend the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law , which contains provisions that the industry has tried to roll back . "  Attacking financial reform is risky and wrong , " she wrote on Twitter . Bill Daley , a longtime Clinton ally and former Obama chief of staff , said Clinton has to reintroduce herself to the party . If she defends policies viewed as having contributed to the financial crisis , Daley said , "  that 's a problem . " He continued : "  My guess is she 'll have enough policy positions that says she 's not in the tank with them . " Clinton 's early gestures have not satisfied some activists , who point to Massachusetts Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren as their candidate of choice . Several liberal groups have even launched a formal draft campaign to elevate the senator and highlight her progressive views . Former Republican New Hampshire Sen. Judd Gregg , who served as head of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association , said part of Clinton 's challenge stems from the fact that "  the center of the Democratic Party has moved very much to the left . " "  Hillary has always been much more rational on these issues and much more mainstream , " Gregg said . "  I presume she 's going to get the nomination , but she may be contested from the left . " While Warren has shown no interest in running for president this cycle , other Democrats have been taking aim at big banks as they tour the early presidential states . Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , former Virginia Sen. Jim Webb and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders , an independent who caucuses with Democrats , are all testing the waters . They have made economic populism central to their potential campaigns , proposing to crack down on the banking sector , reform the culture on Wall Street and toughen financial regulations . None of these potential candidates will be able to compete with Clinton 's extensive fundraising apparatus . But their presence in the race could exert pressure on Clinton to embrace progressive policies . After Clinton 's announcement Sunday , a collection of liberal activists declared that the former secretary of state must prove her progressive bona fides . "  We look forward to Hillary Clinton and other candidates laying out their platforms and hearing whether they embrace the fights that Sen. Warren has spent her life leading , " said Ready for Warren campaign manager Erica Sagrans . "  In the coming days , Ready for Warren will be stepping up our efforts to convince Warren to run for president . " Now that she is a formally declared candidate , political strategists expect Clinton to be more outspoken , laying out her economic priorities quickly and in her own terms . Democratic strategist Chris Lehane downplayed the notion of Clinton-Warren tension in the Democratic Party , predicting that with Clinton as an announced candidate , "  she 'll offer a pretty compelling rationale " for her campaign . Lehane , who worked in Bill Clinton 's administration , said he envisioned an economic message for Clinton anchored in her biography : "  I grew up in the Midwest in a middle class family , I understand the challenges that they face , we need to make sure that America gives people a fair shot . " Despite Clinton 's embrace of more populist rhetoric , finance and business leaders are n't too concerned that she will back policies that are anathema to them . They expect that she will be able to articulate a broad economic goals aimed at the middle class rather than one that rails against bailouts and financial excess , particularly as the country gets more distance from the last financial crisis . Kathy Wylde , president of the Partnership for New York City , a prominent business coalition , predicted that Clinton would be able to maintain her relationship with Wall Street without alienating the liberal base . The fact that Clinton "  is knowledgeable and maintains good , open relationships with the business and financial world does not suggest that she 's in anybody 's pocket , " Wylde said . "  She 's demonstrated that she 's an independent force . "	Hillary Clinton developed a close relationship with the financial world as a New York senator Clinton 's allies there are eager to galvanize a broad network of potential donors Her coziness with Wall Street irritates liberal activists , who are a growing influence in the Democratic Party
Fotokol , Cameroon  CNN  A Cameroonian soldier lies in a trench , the tip of his Kalashnikov rifle pointing toward the Nigerian town of Gambaru , which has been taken over by Boko Haram terrorists . A pickup loaded with Chadian troops crosses the bridge into Gambaru to reinforce their peers locked in an hours-long heavy exchange of gunfire with Boko Haram fighters . A suspected terrorist attempts to cross the El Beid River , which separates Gambaru from Fotokol in Cameroon , but is hit by a bullet from a Cameroonian soldier . That battle took place on February 11 , but "  fighting here has become a daily occurrence , " says Maj. Nlate Ebale of the Rapid Intervention Battalion -- known as BIR -- of the Cameroon military . Earlier this month , Boko Haram militants attacked Fotokol , burning churches , mosques and homes . They also slaughtered youths who resisted joining them . Almost 100 people died in the attack , said Col. Jacob Kodji , commander of the 4th Inter-Military Region . "  They came in at about 5 a.m. . We were praying in the mosque , and all of a sudden we heard them shouting , ` Allahu akbar '  ` God is great '  . I left the mosque immediately and went home to my family . When I came back , they had slaughtered 37 people in the mosque , " Modou Boukar , a Fotokol resident , told CNN . The dusty roads of the once bustling town are now deserted . Frequent exchanges of gunfire between Boko Haram fighters and the combined Cameroonian and Chadian soldiers have driven many away . Only elderly people and some children remain , Kodji says . "  Chadian troops here have the mandate to fight Boko Haram right at their base in Gambaru , " Ebale says . "  We have to secure this bridge and stop the terrorists from crossing over into Cameroon . So we do work in synergy with Chadian forces here . " In February , Chadian troops launched a large offensive in Gambaru , using land and air forces , killing some 200 Boko Haram militants , Kodji says . But Boko Haram keeps coming back . "  We kill them all the time , but we are surprised they keep coming . It is likely the intelligence services might have underestimated the striking power of the terrorists , " Col. Joseph Nouma , commander of Operation ALPHA -- a special operation to weed out Boko Haram -- tells CNN . "  We register at least one to two Boko Haram attacks in different localities a day , " he says . Several African nations -- including Niger , Benin , Cameroon , Chad and Nigeria -- have pledged to deploy 8,700 troops , police and civilians as part of a regional effort to fight Boko Haram . The violence in northeast Nigeria has caused more than 157,000 people to flee into Niger , Cameroon and Chad , Adrian Edwards , spokesman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , said in February . Nearly 1 million more people are believed to be internally displaced inside northeast Nigeria , according to Nigeria 's national emergency management agency , Edwards said . Capt. Bea Hob , who commands a Cameroon BIR unit , says that on October 15 , Boko Haram carried out simultaneous attacks on the Cameroon towns of Amchide and Limani , killing eight Cameroonian soldiers and dozens of civilians . Amchide , 15 kilometers  9 miles  from Fotokol , borders Nigeria 's Borno state , a stronghold of the Islamist terrorist group . Since the insurgents began regular cross-border raids this year , killing hundreds of Cameroonians , most of the town 's residents have fled south . Only a few elderly people remain , Hob says . Amchide has become a military base to protect the area from insurgents . Soldiers patrol the streets in armored vehicles and lie in trenches . But the military has become a major target for Boko Haram attacks . "  It was at about 4 a.m. when we heard them shouting from four different angles of our base . Then it was clear that their intention was to strike our base . It was definitely a difficult situation to handle , given that they were coming from different directions . "  I ordered that the lone tank we had should be deployed in such a way that the terrorists would think we had at least four tanks . So we would rush to one angle , shoot for about 15 minutes and then rush to the next angle , shoot for 15 minutes . ... Within hours , we were able to put the terrorists to rout , " Hob says . He said Boko Haram has been shifting its tactics . Unable to carry out direct combat with Cameroonian soldiers , they use improvised explosive devices to ambush military convoys and civilian buses , disrupting movement of goods and people in the region . Cameroon security sources say that Boko Haram attacks villages "  to steal food , carry out forced marriages on the girls they kidnap ; forcefully recruit children who are later brainwashed to joining their hate doctrine , as well as steal weapons . " Porous borders ease their incursions into Cameroon . A spokesman for the Cameroon Defense Ministry , Col. Didier Badjeck , says that since the war began some two years ago , Cameroon has killed more than 2,000 Boko Haram fighters and lost about 100 soldiers .	Cameroon and Chadian forces fight Boko Haram militants across the border area with Nigeria In battles for border towns and a bridge , attacks take place daily , colonel says
CNN  -- You would think that in the shadow of a general election dubbed "  Year of the Woman , " the last thing any Republican in Washington would want to do is tick off women . And while the Violence Against Women Act passed in the Senate by a healthy bipartisan majority a few hours before President Obama 's State of the Union address , the fact that 22 senators -- all Republicans , all men -- voted against it should be troubling to GOP leaders . And perhaps the most troubling aspect of that is Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , the so-called savior of the Republican Party , was one of those Republican men . Just think : A few hours before Rubio was to deliver a message reflecting a new Republican Party , he casts a vote that screams more of the same . The jokes about him fidgeting like a 5-year-old and chugging water during the rebuttal will eventually go away . But if he 's seriously thinking about running in 2016 , that one vote is going to come back to haunt him . Especially if a revitalized Hillary Clinton , and her 18 million cracks in the ceiling , is in the race . Domestic violence vote key test of more inclusive GOP In a statement , he said he "  could not support the final , entire legislation that contains new provisions that could have potentially adverse consequences . Specifically , this bill would mandate the diversion of a portion of funding from domestic violence programs to sexual assault programs , although there 's no evidence to suggest this shift will result in a greater number of convictions . " The Senate-version of reauthorization extends protections to Native Americans , gays and lesbians , and immigrants . It would allow the prosecution of non-Native Americans for abusing Native American women . Regarding that , Rubio said he voted against the bill because of "  concerns regarding the conferring of criminal jurisdiction to some Indian tribal governments over all persons in Indian country , including non-Indians . " Translation : From a political standpoint , Rubio blew it long before he lunged off-camera to grab a swig of water . And Democrats wasted little time pointing this out . GOP 's Rubio rips Obama Voting against a bill to help women because you 're not happy about the amount of money being spent on domestic violence vs. sexual assault is splitting some pretty fine hairs and just is n't choosing the right fight . Especially when juxtaposed against the success of the programs . From the time the act passed through 2010 , intimate partner violence declined by 67 % . There has also been an increase in the arrests of suspects in domestic and violent sexual crimes . The new legislation has a provision that speeds up DNA analysis in rape cases and a program to fight human trafficking . And if spending was a concern , the $ 659 million the Senate approved for Violence Against Women programs for the next five years is actually 17 % less than the amount approved in 2005 . How could the face of a new , kinder , women-friendly Republican Party say no to that ? Perhaps the reason why he needed water during the rebuttal is because he got cotton-mouthed listening to his party 's resounding approval when Obama mentioned the Senate passing the bill during the State of the Union address . Or maybe he felt a tad faint when House Speaker John Boehner was seen looking over and talking to Vice President Joe Biden -- who co-wrote the first incarnation of the bill nearly 20 years ago -- as he clapped in support . Talk Back : Is giving the State of the Union response a political ` kiss of death ' ? And trust me , Boehner did not spend a lot of time applauding Obama or talking to Joe . This week , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , who is spearheading the negotiations of a House bill , and Boehner received a letter from 17 House Republicans urging them to take action , stating that the act 's "  programs save lives , and we must allow states and communities to build upon the successes of current VAWA programs so that we can help even more people . " The GOP knows that between the embarrassing remarks about rape made by several candidates during the last election cycle , the record 20 seats held by women in the Democratic-held Senate and the 55 % of women who voted for Obama , regaining power requires a makeover . Rubio appeared to be someone who could embody that change , but he did n't do himself any favors Tuesday . Not with his rebuttal and certainly not with this vote . Opinion : A kinder , gentler , wiser Marco Rubio "  Mr. President , " Rubio said in his speech , "  I do n't oppose your plans because I want to protect the rich . I oppose your plans because I want to protect my neighbors . " I 'm going to assume none of his neighbors are women . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Rubio one of 22 male GOP senators to vote no on Violence Against Women Act Granderson : Just as Rubio was to show new face of GOP , he cast a vote that 's the old face Rubio 's reasons were absurd , he says , in light of a bill that really works to protect women Act 's funding 17 % less than in 2005 , he says . How could a women-friendly GOP say no ?
CNN  -- Funny thing about fish : You can see right through them in their infancy and watch their organs develop . That gave scientists looking into the aftereffects of 2010 's Gulf of Mexico oil spill the chance to watch the growing hearts of large commercial species like tuna and amberjack after exposing them in laboratories to oil collected from the undersea blowout . The results ranged from abnormal heartbeats in fish exposed to low concentrations of oil to "  severely malformed and malfunctioning hearts " at high levels , said John Incardona , an environmental toxicologist from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Incardona is the lead author of a NOAA-led study published Monday that warned those heart defects could lead to widespread losses of popular deep-sea fish in the gulf . He and his colleagues exposed bluefin tuna , yellowfin tuna and amberjack embryos to concentrations of oil "  that mimicked what happened in the Gulf of Mexico , " he said . Even where the volatile compounds in oil made up as little as one millionth of a gram per liter , some fish ended up with heart problems , they reported . "  Those fish would in all likelihood survive the immediate effects of oil exposure , but would also probably end up with a milder heart malformation that could reduce their aerobic performance -- which for fish , means swimming , " Incardona said . Fishermen hauled in more than 1,500 tons of tuna and amberjack across the gulf in 2012 , according to NOAA catch statistics . Scientists have already tracked a sharp decline in bluefin tuna , but the findings may spell trouble for other big fish as well , Incardona and his colleagues reported . How extensive any losses may be is still under study , but estimates may come "  in a few months , " said Barbara Block , a Stanford University biologist and co-author of Monday 's study . The spill struck at a time when fish were spawning , with their embryos and larvae floating on the surface of the gulf . Since bluefin tuna in particular take eight years or more to grow up , the "  the trickle-down impact of this oil spill will take a long time to manifest upon the population on a level that one could see , " Block said . The study was published in the peer-reviewed journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on the 25th anniversary of what had been the worst U.S. oil spill -- the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster in Alaska . It 's one of the "  key studies " commissioned by the federal government to gauge the damage left behind by the Deepwater Horizon disaster , NOAA official Tom Brosnan said . "  It 's one of the most difficult aspects of this oil spill to the particular population that we 're talking about , " Block said . But since bluefin have been extensively tagged electronically , both before and after the spill , "  those data sets exist , and they 're currently being explored to get answers to those questions . " Millions of barrels of crude poured into the gulf after the April 2010 explosion that sank the drill rig Deepwater Horizon off Louisiana and killed 11 workers . Well owner BP has already paid $ 43 billion in cleanup , restoration costs and fines for the 2010 blowout , and an ongoing federal court case in New Orleans could add several billion more on top of that . BP immediately disputed Monday 's findings . "  The paper provides no evidence to suggest a population-level impact on tuna , amberjack or other pelagic fish species in the Gulf of Mexico , " the company said in a written statement . "  The oil concentrations used in these lab experiments were rarely seen in the gulf during or after the Deepwater Horizon accident . In addition , the authors themselves note that it is nearly impossible to determine the early life impact to these species . To overcome this challenge , it would take more information than what 's presented in this paper . " But Fernando Galvez , an environmental toxicologist at Louisiana State University , said the samples to which the embryos were exposed were "  environmentally realistic . " The effects seen in individual fish "  have very strong indications for population-level impacts , " he said . "  You mess up the heart , you mess up the ability of species like this to do simple functions like swim to catch its prey , " said Galvez , the co-author of a 2013 study that pointed to similar problems among fish in coastal marshes hit by oil . BP also disputed those findings . Opinion : After 25 years , Exxon Valdez oil spill has n't ended More about oil spills Halliburton pleads guilty in 2010 Gulf oil spill case	Study : Gulf oil exposure causes "  severely malformed ' hearts in tuna , amberjack The report may spell trouble for big , deep-water commercial fish The research is part of the damage report after the 2010 Deepwater Horizon spill BP says the oil levels used in the study "  were rarely seen in the gulf "
CNN  -- Manchester City came from two goals down to beat Bayern Munich 3-2 in the Champions League Group D match at the Allianz Arena on Tuesday night . City had looked dead and buried inside the first 15 minutes as Bayern raced into a 2-0 lead . Thomas Muller opened the scoring after five minutes sliding home a low left-foot shot past City keeper Joe Hart . Seven minutes later , Mario Gotze doubled the lead capitalizing on a dithering City defense to fire home from six yards following a corner kick . But the tide started to turn against a rampant Bayern just before the half-hour mark as David Silva slid in to score after James Milner had headed the ball into the six-yard area . The England international was involved again for City 's equalizer when he was brought down by Dante in the penalty area in the 59th minute . The resulting spot kick was tucked away without fuss by Aleksander Kolarov who sent keeper Manuel Neuer the wrong way . Three minutes later , Milner capped a memorable night for City and himself with a low , side-foot drive past the despairing hands of Neuer . "  To go two down against that sort of side and come back and win shows how much character there is in the dressing room , " Milner said afterwards . "  To come here and put in that performance gives us a lot of belief for the next round . " City 's win takes them level on 15 points with Bayern but the German champions finish first on account of their superior goal difference . Nevertheless , City and manager Manuel Pellegrini can take massive credit for the win . Not only was this Pellegrini 's first win in ten attempts against Pep Guardiola , it also ends Bayern 's run of 10 wins in the Champions League and 18 consecutive wins at the Allianz Arena in all competitions . In Group D 's other match Viktoria Plzen beat CSK Moscow 2-1 to finish third and seal a berth in the Europa League . In Group A , Manchester United recorded a 1-0 win over Ukraine 's Shakhtar Donetsk at Old Trafford . Phil Jones ' 67th minute goal sees The English champions finish top of the group with 14 points . David Moyes 's team will be joined in the last 16 by Germany 's Bayer Leverkusen . Sami Hyypia 's side were 1-0 winners at Real Sociedad meaning they leapfrog Shakhtar into second . Group C winners , Paris Saint Germain suffered their first loss in this year 's Champions League campaign going down down 2-1 to Benfica at the Stadium of Light . Despite the win , the Portuguese side lose out on a place in the last 16 by the narrowest of margins . Olympiakos ' 3-1 win over RSC Anderlecht sees them squeeze through on goal difference -- Alejandro DomÃnguez 's injury-time penalty gave the Greek champions a goal difference of plus one , compared to Benfica who ended on zero . Snow joke Turkey and snow are a perfect combination for many people around the world at this time of year , but it certainly was n't the case for Galatasaray and Juventus on Tuesday night . Neither players , nor fans will be feeling very festive after the abandonment of their crucial Group B match after 32 minutes following a snowstorm in Istanbul . The ground rapidly turned from green to white as blizzard conditions descended on the Turk Telekom Arena . As the pitch markings disappeared under a blanket of snow , Portuguese referee Pedro Proenca ordered both teams off to allow ground staff to clear the lines with shovels . But their efforts proved to no avail and the game was called off a short time later . The match will resume on Wednesday at 12pm GMT , UEFA said in a statement . Galatasaray need to beat Juventus to join group winners Real Madrid in the last 16 . Los Blancos finished with 16 points after a 2-0 win against FC Copenhagen at the Parken Stadium .	Final group matches of Champions League being played Tuesday and Wednesday Manchester City end Bayern Munich 's ten-game winning run with sensational 3-2 win Bayer Leverkusen finish runners up to Manchester United in Group A Snowstorm causes abandonment of game between Galatasaray and Juventus
Paris  CNN  -- Seventy-five additional bodies have been recovered from the wreckage of an Air France plane that crashed off the coast of Brazil two years ago , more than doubling the number of remains that have been found , the vice-president of the French victims ' association told CNN Tuesday . The remains have not yet been identified , Robert Soulas said . Air France 447 plunged into the Atlantic Ocean on June 1 , 2009 , killing all 228 people aboard . The bulk of the wreckage was found this year after a search by robot submarines of an underwater mountain range . Many bodies were still in the fuselage , investigators said at the time . Only about 50 bodies were recovered in the days following the crash . Soulas got the news from a French government liaison appointed to deal with families of victims , he said . "  Personally , I would have preferred to leave the bodies of our loved ones on the seafloor , " he added , repeating his long-held view . The Brazilian national news agency Agencia Brasil reported Tuesday that Nelson Faria Marinho , head of the Brazilian victims organization , said that with the latest recovery , the number of bodies found since the accident now totals 127 . Details of the doomed plane 's last minutes only began to emerge last week as French air accident investigators studied data recorders recovered from the wreck earlier this year . The Airbus A330 plummeted 38,000 feet in just three minutes and 30 seconds amid conflicting information that may have led the pilots to make bad decisions , France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis  BEA  said Friday . The pilots got conflicting air speed readings in the minutes leading up to the crash , according to an interim report . The aircraft climbed to 38,000 feet when "  the stall warning was triggered and the airplane stalled , " the report says . Aviation experts are asking why the pilots responded to the stall by pulling the nose up instead of pushing it down to recover . Miles O'Brien , a pilot and aviation analyst , said : "  You push down on the wheel to gain air speed , perhaps they  pilots  were getting information that the air speed was too high . Pulling the nose up will exacerbate an aerodynamic stall . " The speeds displayed on the left primary flight display were "  inconsistent " with those on the integrated standby instrument system  ISIS  , the report says . The aircraft experienced some "  rolling " before stalling and then descending rapidly at 10,912 feet  3,300 meters  per minute . At the time of the descent , the two co-pilots and captain were in the aircraft cockpit . All 228 people aboard the Airbus A330 Flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris were killed on June 1 , 2009 . The pilots lost contact with air traffic controllers while flying across an area of the Atlantic Ocean known for constant bands of severe turbulence . Air crash investigators at the Paris-based BEA have been working on the theory that the speed sensors , known as pitot tubes or probes , malfunctioned because of ice at high altitude . CNN 's Thair Shaikh contributed to this report .	The remains have not been identified , a French relative says The recovery more than doubles the number of bodies found since the 2009 crash Air France 447 plunged into the ocean , killing 228 people
CNN  -- Eurozone finance ministers Saturday granted a $ 13 billion bailout package to Cyprus as it grapples with a bloated financial sector that is threatening the region 's economy . The Mediterranean Island 's banking system has become "  fragile " because of "  its very large size relative to the country 's GDP " and must be downsized , the Eurogroup said in a statement announcing the 10 billion euro bailout . Cyprus has a population of just over 1 million people , according to the World Bank , and has a reputation as a haven for offshore banking . At least 35 banks from around the world have branches there , according to the Central Bank of Cyprus . The Island will also have to agree to take steps to prevent money laundering , privatize the banking system and inject it with funds to recapitalize it , the according to the statement . All holders of bank accounts in Cyprus -- both residents and nonresidents -- will be required to pay a new tax . The Eurogroup projects the Island 's public debt will reach 100 % of gross domestic product in 2020 . It is asking the International Monetary Fund to contribute to the bailout . The ministers deemed the deal necessary to stabilize the Cypriot economy and prevent damage to the closely connected Greek banking system .	Eurozone , IMF officials agree to Cyprus bail out The small island 's financial sector brought down the economy Money laundering must stop ; the banking system must be privatized and downsized At least 35 banks from around the world have branches there
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Zsa Zsa Gabor asked her husband to call a priest to her hospital bedside "  to read her the last rites " Sunday , according to her publicist . Gabor , 93 , is "  in very serious condition " at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles , according to her husband , Prince Frederic Von Anhalt . "  It 's a sad time for them right now , " spokesman John Blanchette said Sunday . The actress has been hospitalized for most of the past month since breaking her hip in a fall from bed on July 17 . Saturday marked Gabor 's 24th wedding anniversary with Von Anhalt , her eighth husband . She was rushed to the hospital from her Bel Air , California , home Friday night , Blanchette said . She underwent surgery for the removal of a blood clot that night , a complication relating to her recent hip replacement surgery , he said . Gabor had just returned home from the hospital on Wednesday , three weeks after undergoing surgery to replace a hip broken in a fall from her bed . Gabor has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , said Von Anhalt . The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . The glamorous Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her other husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge , " "  The Story of Three Loves " in 1953 , "  The Girl in the Kremlin " in 1957 and Orson Welles ' 1958 classic , "  Touch of Evil . "	NEW : Gabor is in "  very serious condition , " her husband says Gabor underwent surgery Friday to remove a blood clot Zsa Zsa has spent most of the past month in the hospital Her hip surgery in July followed a fall from bed
CNN  -- A former vice president of product development at Tiffany & Co. is accused of stealing $ 1.3 million worth of jewelry from the luxury brand and selling it to an international jewelry company , an unnamed FBI representative said . Ingrid Lederhaas-Okun , 46 , was arrested Tuesday . She is accused of stealing 165 pieces of jewelry , including diamond bracelets , earrings and pendants , between January 2011 and February 2013 . Officials said Lederhaas-Okun abused her position to check out the pieces and write off or cancel the costs of the jewelry , later reselling the pieces falsely as her own . According to a federal complaint , Lederhaas-Okun was terminated by Tiffany & Co. in February 2013 as a result of downsizing within the company . The day after her termination , Tiffany 's conducted an inventory review and discovered the missing jewelry . Lederhaas-Okun then continued to make false statements to the company through e-mail , including that the jewelry could be found in a white envelope at her desk , officials said . A search of her office , however , did not uncover the envelope , according to a news release . Linda Buckley , vice president for Tiffany & Co. , said , "  In deference to the U.S. Attorney 's investigation , we are not in a position to comment at this time . " Notable diamond heists According to the complaint , the jewelry store that Lederhaas-Okun sold the jewelry to is a leading international buyer and reseller of jewelry with an office in Midtown Manhattan . More than 75 checks were made to Lederhaas-Okun and her husband , ranging from $ 7,525 to $ 47,400 , the complaint said . It also states that an unnamed friend of Lederhaas-Okun assisted with the transactions . "  Ingrid Lederhaas-Okun took advantage of the access her employment afforded her to expensive jewelry . " FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge George Venizelos said in a news release . "  A privileged position in a prestigious company does not insulate a thief from arrest and prosecution . " Lederhaas-Okun is charged with one count of wire fraud , which carries a maximum of 20 years in prison , and one count of interstate transportation of stolen property , which carries a maximum of 10 years in prison . She was scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday . Bail was set at $ 250,000 but Lederhaas-Okun was released from custody on her own signature and given a week to post bond , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in New York . She was placed under travel restriction , required to surrender her passport and appointed a federal public defender for the time being . Lederhaas-Okun 's attorney , Sabrina Shroff , could not be reached for comment . Half a million dollars ' worth of jewelry stolen in Atlantic City casino CNN 's Elwyn Lopez and Elizabeth Landers contributed to this report .	Former vice president accused of reselling 165 pieces to international jewelry company Sold jewelry includes diamond bracelets , earrings and pendants , officials say Jewelry was discovered missing after executive was laid off , Tiffany 's says
CNN  -- At least one person died and others were reported missing after a train pulling more than 70 tankers of crude oil derailed and burst into flames in eastern Canada near the U.S. border , CNN affiliates reported , citing authorities . The train jumped the tracks in the small town of Lac-Megantic in the province of Quebec , officials said Saturday . The inferno spread to nearby homes , and authorities evacuated the center of town and a home for the elderly , CNN affiliate Radio-Canada reported . Thick fuel spilled into the Chaudiere River . "  Words can not tell the damage that had been done , " Quebec provincial police Sgt. Gregory Gomez del Prado said , according to CNN affiliate CTV . "  Many , many buildings have been damaged . It 's a catastrophe for the town of course , but also for the whole province . " The sergeant declined to say exactly many people were missing . "  We have several people we are looking for . We do expect casualties , " he told CNN on Saturday night . The train was parked and secured late Friday in Nantes , just west of Lac-Megantic , a company representative said , CTV reported . Joe McGonigle , a vice president at Montreal , Maine & Atlantic , was quoted as saying the train "  came loose " early Saturday and "  started rolling down the tracks . " The Nantes and Lac-Megantic town centers are about 12 kilometers  7 miles  apart . McGonigle said the train 's engine was found near the site of the inferno . McGonigle said police were questioning the train 's conductor , who was at a hotel in Lac-Megantic when the train derailed . CNN affiliate CTV referred to the crash site as a "  war zone " and it said no other injuries have been reported . Emergency officials say some people may have been away when the derailment occurred . Authorities were investigating . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those affected by this morning 's tragic train derailment and subsequent fires , " Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper said . "  We hope evacuees can return to their homes safely and quickly . The people of Lac-Megantic and surrounding areas can rest assured that our government is monitoring the situation and we stand by ready to provide any assistance requested by the province . " Firefighters from the United States helped Canada fight the blaze . Five of the trucks deployed from the United States , after the sheriff 's office in Franklin County , Maine , issued an "  all call " for help to U.S. fire departments near the border . Flames welling up stories high into the night sky were caught on camera and uploaded to YouTube . The video appears to reveal an explosion . Thick black smoke billowed into the air . A "  nauseating " odor spread through the town , Radio-Canada reported , and environmental emergency services dispatched a mobile lab to check for airborne toxins . The radio station said that the oil shipment was on its way to the United States . CNN 's Joe Sterling , Pierre Meilhan , Darrell Calhoun , Jake Carpenter , Ben Brumfield , Dave Alsup and Deanna Hackney contributed to this report .	NEW : Several people reported missing , police say Firefighters from the U.S. and Canada rush to fight the blaze Flames climb stories high into the sky and spread to homes Fuel spills into the river running past the town
CNN  -- A Cuban dissident who testified before Congress via video link from Havana last week was detained and beaten two days later , his wife said . Reached by phone in Cuba , Yris Tamara Pérez Aguilera said her husband was beaten in his cell and rendered unconscious by pepper spray . In spite of being warned of the risk of reprisals , Jorge Luis García Pérez , known as Antúnez , testified last Thursday , describing repressive conditions for dissidents in Cuba . "  We suffer beatings , " he told the senators , "  torture , and all kinds of violations of our human rights . " In one activist 's case , he asserted , "  the political police threatened to sexually abuse and rape her 6-year-old daughter . " He pleaded for support for what he called "  the resistance forces , " as they engage in "  a head-on battle with the state . " By Friday , according to his wife , their house was surrounded , and on Saturday Antúnez was arrested . Once he was in custody , she claimed , he was beaten . Then , she said , "  the authorities came into his cell , and sprayed him inside the mouth with pepper spray , which cause him to lose consciousness " for 15 minutes . According to another activist who was also incarcerated , she said , "  the state security agents told him , when they were attacking him , that he was going to pay very dearly for what he did . " Representatives for the Cuban government in Havana , Washington , and New York did not reply to requests for comment . Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , who chaired the panel , said he warned the witnesses that they were taking a risk , and the committee did not disclose in advance the fact that dissidents would be testifying from Havana . And as the hearing came to a close , the senator warned Cuba against reprisals . But Sen. Menendez said he was aware that the witnesses could still be in danger -- especially when he saw who else was in attendance . "  There were members of the Castro regime at our hearing , who were in the audience , " he said . "  They were taking notes . " Still , Aguilera said her husband does not regret testifying . "  He knew that some kind of repression would be brought against him for doing so , " she said . "  However , he wanted to do it . " She said Antúnez , who is now 47 , has been imprisoned a total of 17 years , off and on , by Cuban authorities since 1983 . Aguilera said she too had been detained and beaten , when she went to the police station seeking her husband . She has since been released , she said , but her husband is still being held by Cuban authorities in Santa Clara . CNN 's Patrick Oppman and Joann Sierra contributed to this report	Knowing risk , Jorge Luis García Pérez testified to Congress via video link last week Cuban dissidents "  suffer beatings , torture and ... violations of our human rights , " he testified After his testimony he was arrested and severely beaten by authorities , he wife said
CNN  -- Entertainer Jennifer Lopez says her former driver resorted to blackmail after the singer did n't use a security team he recommended for a music video shoot . In a lawsuit filed in Los Angeles last week , Lopez , her manager and her production company allege that an attorney representing driver Hakob Manoukian demanded that "  unless Manoukian was paid $ 2.8 million , he would disclose sensitive and personal information that he allegedly heard while driving Lopez . " The lawsuit also accuses the former driver of making "  other ominous threats to report Ms. Lopez to the ` authorities ' if his demands were not met . " Lopez is seeking a minimum of $ 20 million in damages . Her suit is the latest chapter in a legal battle that began in April , when Manoukian , who was also Lopez 's head of personal security in Los Angeles , filed a lawsuit accusing Lopez , her manager and her production company of breaching his employment contract when they decided he would not handle production security . J. Lo threatens legal action over reports about boyfriend Manoukian 's lawsuit alleges he had hired two police officers to assist with security during a music video produced by Def Jam Records . The night before the officers were to report for work , Manoukian says he was told to cancel their services and that Lopez ' manager was assuming responsibility for hiring personal security . Lopez ' suit alleges that Manoukian "  became hostile and angry because he mistakenly and unreasonably believed he had the unqualified right to designate the security team and profit from any budgetary allocations for such security . " Representatives for Lopez and Manoukian could not be immediately reached for comment . Lopez ' attorney , Alex Weingarten , declined to comment , saying the "  cross-complaint speaks for itself . " The dispute between Lopez and her former driver dates back to 2011 , shortly after Lopez and singer Marc Anthony announced their plans to split . Manoukian quit his job with Anthony 's company , ARI Enterprises Ltd. , and offered to work for Lopez in July 2011 , according to Lopez 's suit , which alleges he quit his job "  under false pretenses " after one month of service . Manoukian 's lawsuit alleges that "  intolerable " work conditions forced him to resign , noting that he regularly worked more than 40 hours per week , did not receive overtime pay and was not allowed "  to take all his proper meal periods . " Lopez open to getting married again J. Lo leaves ` American Idol ' CNN 's Douglas Hyde and Julie In contributed to this report .	The entertainer is seeking at least $ 20 million in damages Her lawsuit accuses the former driver of making "  ominous threats " The driver filed a lawsuit against Lopez , her manager and her production company in April He says they breached his employment contract and treated him poorly
CNN  -- In the new HBO comedy "  Veep , " Anna Chlumsky plays the young chief of staff to the Vice President of the United States played by ex - "  Seinfeld " star Julia Louis-Dreyfus . If the actress looks familiar , it may be because a few decades ago she starred in "  My Girl " opposite an equally adorable Macaulay Culkin . The 31-year-old Chicago native took a break from acting , went to college and even worked as an editorial assistant for a year until she found her way back to her thespian roots . She recently spoke to CNN about the new show , politics and what it was like being a child star . CNN : Are you interested in politics ? Anna Chlumsky : I 'm interested in current affairs and social policy as a whole , but I do n't watch politics for sport . I think people can get really wrapped up into it . When I was in college I was much more into it . I was an international studies major . CNN : What does that mean ? That you wanted to become a diplomat ? Chlumsky : It 's a liberal arts education . You study things you like to learn , not to necessarily be anything in particular . CNN : Did "  Veep " make your more cynical about politics ? Chlumsky : I find it to be kind of liberating in a way because really the spotlight that is put on people in politics is that they 're people . Some people are really good at their jobs , some people are really bad . People have good and bad days . Everyone uses the restroom . Personally I find that to be liberating because when we mythologize our politicians , we put too many expectations on them , both positive and negative , and we kind of make them supernatural in a way . I think a better way is to think of politics as a pragmatic discipline . The idea that people are trying to work things out and make deals like anybody else kind of takes the scariness out of it . CNN : You became a big star when you were a kid . Chlumsky :  Laughs  I would n't say star . CNN : Come on ! That movie was huge ! Chlumsky : Yeah the movie was big . CNN : Was it weird having adults groveling and treating you differently ? Chlumsky : It definitely makes you start to see the world in a different way in the sense you start to weigh who your friends were before and who your friends were after . As far as adults groveling , my mom was really wonderful about that on set . Anytime somebody would ask what I wanted and I did n't ask her first I would get into trouble , and that was absolutely right . She was very sensitive to people treating me differently than anyone else on the crew , and I 'm so grateful she made a point of that . CNN : Still , you 're on movie sets . Chlumsky : I think what affected me the most was being taken out of school for a few months every once in a while . When I say I was n't a star , the reason why is most of my time was spent in school in Chicago . The movies felt more like a hobby . CNN : You dropped out for a while . Chlumsky : It was not my decision at first . It was me going through puberty and not being cute on screen . I auditioned a lot during my adolescence for things and it just did n't take , so that took its toll because being an adolescent it can be less than fun to be told that someone does n't like you anymore . So that was pretty much what drove me to the conscious decision to give it a rest . Also in college you learn you have all these other interests , and you really want to commit to them for the time being so that 's what I did . I thought I was not going to be an actress . I moved to New York right after college and you see enough Broadway shows , and I was inspired again to really give it a go for all the right reasons . CNN : You must have been nervous diving back in that you might not get work . Chlumsky : Yeah but that 's what was so great about coming to the decision as an adult because I kind of know that 's a hazard of the job . I had to prepare myself and know that I 'm strong enough to persevere through that , and I am rational enough to realize that only one person can get any role , and it does n't mean it 's personal . It does n't mean you 're bad . I came at it from a much healthier point of view .	Anna Chlumsky plays Amy Brookheimer , Julia Louis-Dreyfus ' chief of staff A couple of decades ago she starred in "  My Girl " opposite an equally adorable Macaulay Culkin Chlumsky spoke to CNN about the new show , politics and what it was like being a child star
CNN  -- International regulators need to rethink their procedures for handling nuclear accidents in the wake of the crisis in Japan , the head of the U.N. atomic watchdog agency said Monday . The current framework for responding to emergencies dates back to the aftermath of the Chernobyl accident in 1986 and "  reflects the realities of the 1980s , not of the 21st century , " International Atomic Energy Agency chief Yukiya Amano said . "  The speed at which information now travels and the huge volume of information in public circulation are among the most significant changes since then , " Amano said . "  Live television and the internet provide constant updates on a crisis situation -- not always accurately -- to a global audience . The responsibility of the IAEA is to provide authoritative and validated information as quickly as possible , but doing this under the current arrangements inevitably takes time and has limitations . " Amano said the first priority remains cooling down the damaged reactors at the earthquake - and tsunami-battered Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . But he said authorities should move to revise their playbooks for similar crises "  in a reasonable amount of time , " and an April conference on nuclear safety would be a good opportunity to start . Amano , the IAEA director-general , briefed the agency 's governing board in Vienna after a trip back to his native Japan . During that visit , he pressed Prime Minister Naoto Kan to provide more information on conditions at Fukushima Daiichi , where three of the six reactors may have suffered core damage since the March 11 earthquake that struck northern Japan . Japan 's government and the Tokyo Electric Power Company , which owns the damaged plant , have been criticized for failing to share information about conditions there fully and promptly . In Washington , the head of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission said information coming out of Japan "  is sometimes conflicting , and certainly is n't at the level that any engineer would like to have to do a thorough analysis . " "  I do n't believe we have anywhere near a clear understanding of what the plant conditions are like within the reactor building -- what kinds of electrical cabling has been damaged , what kinds of pumps and valves remain operable is a significant unknown right now , " NRC Chairman Gregory Jaczko , whose agency has sent specialists to Japan to assist with the effort , said Monday . Amano told reporters Monday that information coming from Tokyo now is "  more extensive , " and that damaged instruments at the plant may have prevented Tokyo Electric or Japanese regulators from having all the facts . However , when asked whether the response to the accident was quick enough , he said it was "  difficult to say . " "  We had the information . But I personally think understanding the context was not that easy , and that was one of the reasons I went there , " Amano said .	Current procedures were developed after Chernobyl , the IAEA 's chief says Those plans reflect "  the realities of the 1980s , not the 21st century , " he says He urges the release of more information about the Japanese situation
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans have a response to the news Friday morning that U.S. unemployment dropped beneath 6 % for the first time since 2008 : "  We can do better . " "  Slow job growth may be good enough for Democrats , but Republicans know we can do better , " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a statement . "  While we 're glad to see some Americans finally finding work , we ca n't lose sight of the fact that we should have been at this point years ago . " House Speaker John Boehner also sounded off on the jobs report , knocking Democrats for refusing to vote on "  dozens of good jobs bills " that Republicans passed in his chamber . Boehner also accused President Barack Obama and Senate Democrats of presiding "  over a new normal of flat wages , higher prices , and too many part-time jobs . " "  Every day I hear from people in my district who say no matter how hard they work , they still struggle to make ends meet , " Boehner said in a statement . "  Instead of trying to convince Americans that things are great , Washington Democrats ought to show they 're serious about helping middle-class families get ahead , not just get by . " Unemployment falls below 6 % for first time since 2008 While Democrats as well said there was more work to be done , the Obama administration championed the better-than-expected jobs numbers . Jason Furman , Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors , said the latest report represents the "  longest streak of private-sector job gains on record . " "  The data underscore that six years after the Great Recessionâ $ " thanks to the hard work of the American people and in part to the policies the President has pursuedâ $ " our economy has bounced back more strongly than most others around the world , " Furman said . Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer pointed out the jobs numbers in a statement and said he was "  disappointed " with House Republican obstructionism . "  Congress must take action to ensure this growth continues , " Hoyer said in a statement . .	Friday 's jobs report showed the unemployment rate was below 6 percent . RNC Chairman and the Speaker of the House both took aim at Democrats . The White House cheered the numbers : ` Our economy has bounced back '
CNN  -- Unless you have a photographic memory or just joined Twitter last week , you probably do n't recall your first tweet . That 's OK . Twitter would like to show it to you . To commemorate Friday 's eighth anniversary of the first Twitter message , Twitter has introduced a tool that lets users relive their Twitter debuts . Type your Twitter handle into the search field and it spits out your first-ever tweet in its full , date-stamped glory -- typos , clever witticisms , clumsy hashtags and all . You can also look up the first tweet of any other user , from NBA star Kobe Bryant  "  The antisocial has become social #mambatweets "  to billionaire Warren Buffett  "  Warren is in the house "  . Previously , if you wanted to find someone 's old messages on Twitter you had to scour Google  if they 're famous  , do a cumbersome Twitter search , try a social-search tool such as Topsy or -- heaven forbid -- scroll back through hundreds , even thousands , of tweets . Based on a quick review of notable #FirstTweets  yes , it 's a trending topic now  , many people seemed a little unsure in the beginning about this newfangled Twitter thing . Take Olympic skier Lindsey Vonn , whose first tweet in 2009 said , "  Just started this tweety bird thing ... We 'll see how it goes . Still skeptical . " Vonn has since tweeted 1,850 more times . Guess she got the hang of it . The first-ever tweet from CNN 's breaking-news account in 2007 was n't news at all  see below  , although CNN did n't actually own the account at the time . On March 21 , 2006 , the first Twitter message was published by Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey , who wrote , "  just setting up my twttr . " Twitter did n't launch to the public until July of that year , but grew steadily as it became recognized as a speedy source for news . In recent years , Twitter has become arguably the leading platform for real-time chatter around breaking news and live TV events such as the Oscars and the Super Bowl . The service how has more than 241 million monthly active users . Read on for some other notable first tweets : . . . . . .	Twitter has introduced a tool that lets users see their first-ever tweets People can also look up the first tweet of any other Twitter user Friday marks the eighth anniversary of the first Twitter message
CNN  -- For Kim Kardashian , the third engagement really is the charm . The 33-year-old reality star has gushed that the father of her child and now-fiancÃ © , Kanye West , pulled off a proposal this week that swept her off her feet . "  I am the luckiest girl in the world ! " Kardashian said to E! , which airs her family 's reality series , "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians . " "  I get to marry my best friend ! " West and Kardashian have known each other for years , as West told Kardashian matriach Kris Jenner on her talk show in August , and for the Grammy-winning rapper it was love at first sight . "  I was in love with her before I even got to talk to her , " West , 36 , said . "  Being in the limelight , you have to have a match , or someone that 's equally yoked . It 's difficult , because there 's people that you would date who would try to date you to maybe be more famous , or people who would want you to be less famous than you were , and just not accept who you are in life . And when I would be on the phone with  Kim  , even at my lowest moments , she 'd give me energy and remind me of who I was . " After dating publicly for a little over a year and welcoming their first child together , daughter North , in June , West popped the question on Kardashian 's 33rd birthday Monday . The artist set up an elaborate surprise at San Francisco 's AT&T Park , which he rented out for the proposal and filled with Kardashian 's close friends and family members . Kardashian 's mom knew what ` Ye was up to , as he 'd asked her for her blessing . So on Monday , the artist got down on one knee and proposed as his question flashed on the arena 's jumbotron : "  PLEEEASE MARRY MEEE !!! " And that was n't all : a 50-piece orchestra played Lana Del Rey 's "  Young and Beautiful " followed by West 's own song with Keri Hilson , "  Knock You Down , " with the whole extravaganza being topped off with fireworks . Accepting West 's 15-carat Lorraine Schwartz sparkler , Kardashian responded to his proposal with an enthusiastic "  YES !!! "	Kim Kardashian has spoken on her new engagement The 33-year-old says she feels like "  the luckiest girl in the world " Her fiancÃ © West proposed on Monday with an elaborate surprise
My heart went out to Barb Dunn the moment her 16-year-old son , Daniel , answered my question . Once he gets his license in June , would he text and drive ? That 's what I asked during a kitchen table conversation in their Roxbury , New Jersey , home . As you can see in the video above , his answer was not the one his mom expected . "  I 'm taking a deep breath , " said Dunn , who recently purchased visor clips for Daniel 's friends who have already gotten their licenses that say "  Stay alive . Do n't text and drive . " "  I would n't even mind if he said , ` I 'm at a red light and I picked up the phone for a minute to read something and put it back down , ' but that moving and texting freaks me out . It 's not acceptable . " Daniel 's mom might have wanted to slam her head against the counter but still she told me she appreciated her son 's candor and realized in that moment how difficult it is to persuade teens , who text nearly all day long , not to do it while behind the wheel . "  Even a well-meaning teen is going to have trouble saying no when they get that buzz " from an incoming text or status update , said David Teater , senior director for the National Safety Council . "  It 's almost a Pavlovian response . " Teater sadly knows all too well what can go wrong with distracted driving . Ten years ago , a 20-year-old woman who had been talking on a cell phone ran a red light and killed his then 12-year-old son , Joe . Since then , he 's dedicated his life to raising awareness about the dangers of talking on a cell phone while behind the wheel . A newer concern : how to eliminate driving while texting . "  A technology solution is incredibly important . We need to take the temptation away from people before it happens , " said Teater . A moving solution is at hand But parents around the country might not realize that there is technology already available that can prevent a teenager from being able to text while behind the wheel . Aegis Mobility has created software that is installed directly onto a teen 's smartphone , tablet or other handheld device . Once the teen starts driving about 10 miles an hour , the software automatically puts the device in safe mode , which prevents the teen from texting , e-mailing or browsing the Internet . The trouble , said company President and CEO Paul Zimmerman , is that a lot of parents do n't know it exists . But he 's trying to change that . Iowa is making the software available free of charge  it typically costs about $ 4 per month  to teens up to 17 as they apply to get their licenses at the Department of Motor Vehicles , said Zimmerman . Since Iowa signed on , many other states are showing interest , he said . Getting to teens as they get their license or as they are insured under their parents ' plan is key , says Zimmerman , who is a father of two teens . "  Let 's face it , most teenagers will not want this product voluntarily , " he said . "  It is up to the parent . " And the impact could be wideranging . "  Literally , if our software is on 10,000 devices for more than two years , statistically , we will have saved a life , " said Zimmerman . People are doing dangerous things out there Another big challenge is convincing teens -- and adults for that matter -- that talking on a phone is just as dangerous as driving under the influence . Teater says using a cell phone with either a handheld or hands-free device while driving results in a slower reaction time than if you were driving with a .08 blood alcohol level , the legal limit . Car crashes kill 100 people every day and are the leading cause of accidental deaths in the U.S. , says Teater . Meanwhile , 90 % of the crashes , he said , are caused by human error including drivers trying to do too many things at once . "  Do we want every single person out on the roadway driving around updating Facebook and closing business deals ? " Teater says while the vast majority of people no longer think it 's responsible to use a cell phone while driving , there is still work to be done convincing people that talking on a phone hands-free can be just as dangerous . Simply put , our brains can not handle two tasks at one moment -- the task of driving and the task of talking on the phone . "  You talk to any cognitive psychologist , they 've known this for decades , that the human brain can only focus on one attention-requiring task at any given moment . The other task is always in the background , " said Teater . He puts it in terms most drivers can understand : "  I ask them , ` Would you ever consider talking on the phone while you 're reading a book ? ' And they say , ` Well , of course not , I 'd never do that . ' ... So if you 'd never consider trying to read a book while talking on the phone , why would you drive while talking on the phone ? ' " ` So many of the kids were crying ' And why would you ever drink alcohol and get behind the wheel ? That 's the question Lisa Brodeur asked teens as she visited schools a few years ago with her three kids , including 27-year-old Kyle . Kyle became a quadriplegic after a drunken driver crashed into the family 's car in 1997 . Brodeur 's husband was killed instantly . "  When I did school presentations , I put a student in a body cast , body jacket and a wheelchair . They were to sit and not move and try to be like Kyle for two hours , " said the mom of three in Charlton , Massachusetts . "  So many of the kids were crying . They could n't believe what Kyle has gone through , " said Brodeur , who has battled survivor 's guilt and physical ailments stemming from the crash . In her book "  A Mother 's Journey , " Brodeur tells the story of how she and her family have been forever impacted by the decision of one driver on a rainy November night more than 15 years ago . "  It is so important that our young teens and adults know what can happen if they drive impaired , " said Brodeur . "  You do n't want a life like my son 's . So much pain and suffering , and 25 surgeries after and many more still to come . " An informational trip to a cemetery Chris Blanchard , a father of two in Harbor Beach , Michigan , tried to drive that message home with a visit to a cemetery as soon as his teenage daughter and niece started driving . "  I had them drive in and stop and shut the car off to look around , " said Blanchard in response to a request on CNN 's Facebook page . "  At that moment , I gave them the concerned parent/uncle speech . ` This is it . If you screw up , not wearing  a  seat belt , drink and drive , text , get distracted by music or friends , it 's over ! No second chances , no excuses , no retakes , no do-overs , no goodbyes . Dead . ' " CNN iReport : Parents of teens share driving tips "  My dad was a New York City fireman . He cut people out of cars . He warned my boyfriends , " said Dunn , the mom of two from Roxbury , New Jersey . "  But he also opened his heart to me to show if anything ever happened to  me  , what it would do to him . " Now she hopes Daniel gets that same message from her . How do you encourage your teens to be safe while driving ? Chime in with a comment below , or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	A New Jersey teen admits on camera he 'll "  probably " text and drive Special software installed on a smartphone could prevent a teen driver from texting Cell phone use causes a slower reaction time than a .08 blood alcohol level , experts say Mom whose son was paralyzed by a drunken driver : You do n't want a life like my son 's
CNN  -- When the likes of George Clooney , Matt Damon , and Bill Murray come storming across film screens this winter , in the drama The Monuments Men , viewers will be immersed in the world of Nazi art theft . The Monuments Men were a group of some three-hundred Allied officers charged with locating , protecting , and recovering art and monuments that were endangered by the fighting in World War II . They would eventually learn of Hitler 's elaborate and highly-organized plan to strip Europe of its art . Indeed , Hitler had established a military unit solely dedicated to art and archive theft and made detailed plans to restructure the entirety of his boyhood town of Linz , Austria , into a city-wide "  super museum , " containing every important artwork in the world . We have the so-called Monuments Men to thank for the salvation of tens of thousands of masterpieces , among the estimated five million cultural objects stolen during the war . But while the film will focus on two great trophies , Jan van Eyck 's Adoration of the Mystic Lamb , and Michelangelo 's Bruges Madonna , there will be something of an elephant in the screening room . For a fascinating question remains , and one with a complicated answer : did the Nazis steal the Mona Lisa ? The answer is that they thought they did . Mona Lisa 's vanishing act The most famous act of theft associated with the Mona Lisa took place about a century ago . December 14 , 2013 marks the 100th anniversary of the return of the world 's most famous painting to public display , after it was stolen in 1911 from the world 's most famous museum . Leonardo da Vinci 's Mona Lisa was swiped from the under-secured Louvre Museum by an amateur Italian painter and handyman named Vincenzo Peruggia . Peruggia was under the mistaken impression that the painting had been looted by Napoleon , during his Italian campaign . This was a pretty good guess , for through his art theft unit  the first military unit in history dedicated to art theft  , Napoleon had made off with tens of thousands of artworks during his Italian campaign . Leonardo 's painting was not among them , however , as it had left Italy with the elderly Leonardo , when he spent his twilight years under the protection of the French king , Francois I , who legally purchased several of his paintings after his death , the Mona Lisa among them . Read more : Christie 's : Evolution of the Asian art market But Peruggia had missed the lecture on this historical detail . He saw an opportunity to repatriate the painting when the firm for which he worked as a carpenter and glazier was hired to build protective cases to cover some of the Louvre 's most famous works , ostensibly to protect them from attack , after an anarchist had slashed an Ingres painting in protest . Peruggia found himself with a Louvre worker 's uniform , and direct contact with the Mona Lisa . On the night before August 2 1911 , he hid inside a closet in the Louvre , waiting for the footfalls of the night guards to fade into the distance . In the early morning hours , he slipped out of the closet , removed the Mona Lisa from its wall in the Salon Carre of the Louvre , and retreated to a service staircase . There he took the painting out of its frame , wrapped it in a white sheet , and headed down the stairs . There was surely a moment of great panic , when Peruggia twisted the doorknob at the foot of the stairs , and found it locked from the inside . He was prepared for an eventuality such as this , and had tools with him . He unscrewed the doorknob and slipped it into his pocket , thinking this might unlock the door , but it did n't . He was trapped inside the Louvre , with the world 's most famous painting tucked under his arm ... and then he heard the sound of footsteps approaching . Up the stairs came a plumber , making his morning rounds . To the plumber , Peruggia looked like a Louvre worker who had accidentally been locked in overnight -- not an unheard-of occurrence . He opened the door and let Peruggia out , thinking nothing of the Mona Lisa-shaped package that Peruggia carried with him . It would be two years before the Mona Lisa was seen again . The investigation was a fiasco that resulted in the dismissal of the head of the Louvre and the head of the Paris police . International media mocked the lack of security at the Louvre -- in fact , this was the first theft to spark the interest of the world media , kicking off a love affair with the elite world of high-priced art , and its theft . Read more : Rare Psalm book sells for $ 14.2 million Priceless loot The most cinematic and resounding success for the Monuments Men was the salvation of the 12,000 masterpieces destined for Hitler 's planned Linz museum , which were stored in an ancient salt mine at Altaussee , in Austria , which had been converted by the Nazis into a secret stolen art warehouse . It was supervised by a ferocious SS officer , August Eigruber , who was determined to destroy all of the art if he could not defend it against the Allies . This is where the most famous pieces were kept , including gems by Vermeer , Raphael , Rembrandt , and a who 's - who of Old Master artists . But there is some confusion as to whether the Mona Lisa was there , as well . There are two primary source documents that attest to the Mona Lisa 's presence in the Altaussee salt mine . The report of a secret mission called Operation Ebensburg , in which four Austrian double-agents were parachuted into the alps to delay the destruction of the Altaussee mine until the Allied Third Army could arrive , stated that the double agents "  saved such priceless objects as the Louvre 's Mona Lisa . " Another document from 12 December 1945 notes that "  the Mona Lisa from Paris -LSB- is included in -RSB- 80 wagons of art and cultural objects from across Europe " that were found in the mine . And yet there is no record beyond these two documents of the world 's most famous painting being part of the world 's most famous hoard of looted art . Surely that would have been noteworthy , a rescued prize as famous as Adoration of the Mystic Lamb . Shrouded in mystery The Louvre remained reticent about whether it had lost the Mona Lisa at all . The only documents about the painting during World War II attest to its having been crated up on August 27 , 1939 , and sent with other French national treasures to a series of five chateaux , for safe-keeping -- theoretically just ahead of the advance of the Nazis south through France , though the invaders quickly overtook the entire country . The next document that refers to the painting is not until 16 June 1945 , when the painting was listed as having been returned safely to the Louvre . Its whereabouts during the war are unrecorded . But are they unknown ? The latest word from the Louvre is that an identical copy of the Mona Lisa , also from the 16th century and difficult for any non-specialist to distinguish from the original , was one of a few thousand works that were gathered at the Musee Nationaux de la Recuperation , for whom owners could not be found . This copy was marked MNR 265 . After five years had passed with no one able to prove ownership , it went to the Louvre . From 1950 onward , it hung on the wall outside the office of the director of the museum . Based on the available evidence , and a little detective work , a plausible  though unconfirmed  conclusion may be reached as to what happened to the Mona Lisa during the war . A painting was crated up in 1939 and sent to various castles , just ahead of Nazi hands -- but it was this 16th century copy , not the original . Knowing that the Mona Lisa would be such an obvious target for Nazi art hunters , the Louvre may have kept the original hidden in Paris , while the copy led the Nazis on a wild goose chase . This would explain why the "  Mona Lisa " did return from Altaussee , but why it may also be that the "  Mona Lisa " never left Paris . It was the copy that was stolen , hidden at Altaussee , and recovered . Some who saw it assumed it was the original , while others , specifically the art-savvy Monuments Men who catalogued the art saved from the salt mine , recognized that it was only a copy . To see Dr Charney giving a TEDx talk about the 1911 Mona Lisa theft , click here . Read more : Addicted to art : The A-listers who ca n't stop splashing cash on canvas Read more : Beauty from the crypt : Mystery of Europe 's jeweled skeletons	December 14 marks the 100th anniversary of when Mona Lisa was returned after being stolen It was snatched by an Italian handyman who worked inside the Louvre He had mistakenly thought that Napoleon had looted it and wanted to repatriate it Confusion remains where Mona Lisa was kept during WWII
Washington  CNN  -- Power it up , or leave it behind . The Transportation Security Administration said Sunday that security screeners at overseas airports may ask U.S.-bound passengers to turn on their electronic devices to prove they work and are n't explosive devices . They wo n't allow devices without power on board planes . The traveler may then undergo additional screening . It 's part of an update to security measures aimed at combating potential new threats from terrorists in the Middle East and Europe . Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson directed the TSA last week to enhance security at overseas airports that have direct flights to the United States . The specifics of the enhanced measures were n't originally released , and it is n't known what other measures the TSA may employ . The TSA also would have to coordinate with the foreign governments which provide security at airports in their countries , along with the airlines and private security companies . "  Our job is to ... try to anticipate the next attack , not simply react to the last one . And so we continually evaluate the world situation , and we know that there remains a terrorist threat to the United States , and aviation security is a large part of that , " Johnson told NBC 's "  Meet The Press . " "  This is not something to overreact to or over-speculate about , " he said . A homeland security official said last week that the changes would primarily focus on airports in Europe and the Middle East . The effort does not involve changes to what travelers can take aboard flights . But passengers may see additional inspections of shoes and electronics , additional use of scanners designed to detect trace amounts of explosives , and another stage of screening at boarding gates , in some cases , the official said . The changes came about based on new intelligence on terror groups trying to build new types of improvised explosives that are harder to detect , the official told CNN . While there was no specific threat prompting the enhancements , U.S. officials are concerned about the possibility that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula might develop bombs which could pass through current security measures undetected . Since hardening cockpit doors and taking other measures after the 9/11 al Qaeda attacks , the U.S. aviation security focus has shifted primarily from hijackings to plastic and other explosives that can be carried aboard a plane or hidden in baggage . The UK Department for Transport confirmed Wednesday that it is stepping up some of its aviation security measures . "  For obvious reasons we will not be commenting in detail on those changes . The majority of passengers should not experience significant disruption , " a spokesman said . "  The UK has some of the most robust aviation security measures , and we will continue to take all the steps necessary to ensure that public safety is maintained . " The updated security measures only apply to airports overseas , and Johnson said he does n't think the enhancements will make their way to domestic airports at this time . "  I believe that we 've taken the appropriate measures to deal with the existing situation and not unnecessarily burden the traveling public , " Johnson told NBC . Tighter security ordered for some U.S.-bound flights CNN 's Jim Sciutto and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Our job is to ... try to anticipate the next attack , " Jeh Johnson tells NBC TSA may require passengers en route to United States to turn on their electronics They want to make sure the devices work and are n't explosives It 's part of a series of new measures aimed at combating potential new threats overseas
CNN  -- Oil spill cleanup is under way at many beaches along the Gulf Coast , and beach-bound travelers are keeping a close eye on coastal conditions . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Florida 's Emerald Coast Small bits of tar were found at Henderson Beach State Park over the weekend , according to the Emerald Coast Convention and Visitors bureau . "  These were easily removed , and no further oil has been spotted , " said a post earlier this week on the bureau 's website . The area , which includes Destin , Fort Walton Beach and Okaloosa Island , is urging travelers to visit . "  Our white-sand beaches remain open and our emerald-green waters remain clear . In addition , offshore fishing is still going strong , with captains simply taking a more easterly course and reporting great success out on the water , " the site said . Destin Mayor Sarah "  Sam " Seevers told CNN that a few , small tar balls have come ashore this week but added that spotting occasional tar balls on the beach there is not unusual . "  We may go five years and not see any tar balls , and then we 'll see a few . That 's just a way of life on the Gulf of Mexico , Seevers said . Beachgoers are in the water as usual , she said . Pensacola and Perdido Key , Florida The water at Pensacola Beach is open Wednesday for swimming and fishing , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . The National Park Service reported heavier oiling at Perdido Key on Tuesday afternoon . A health advisory has been issued for beaches stretching from the Florida-Alabama line to the entrance of Johnson Beach on Perdido Key , the visitors bureau website said . Swimming and fishing in the affected waters are not advised . Mike McHugh , an iReport contributor , shot video over the weekend at Johnson Beach . "  I came back to Johnson 's Beach to see how the cleanup was progressing and to see what high tide brought in . At 4:30 p.m. , the cleanup crews were gone . There were less tar balls , but still -LSB- they -RSB- are easy to find , " he wrote . James Amerson , another iReporter , has been tracking the oil in Pensacola . Tar balls were found late last week on Pensacola Beach , ranging in size from 2 to 3 inches up to 18 inches , Amerson said . "  Strange to think this stuff , millions of years old , came from several thousand feet underground and floated over a 100 miles until it came to rest -LSB- on -RSB- our sugar white sands , " Amerson wrote on iReport.com . The visitors bureau urges beachgoers to take precautions . "  According to -LSB- the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -RSB- , tar balls do not pose a health risk to the average person , but visitors are advised not to pick them up , " the website said . Gulf Islands National Seashore , Mississippi and Florida All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites are open , according to the National Park Service website . On Tuesday , the park service reported light to moderate oil occurrences at Horn and Petit Bois islands in Mississippi and Fort Pickens and the Santa Rosa area in Florida , with heavier oiling at Perdido Key . Cleanup crews continue to work in those areas . Health departments in both states urge people to avoid swimming in areas affected by the oil spill . Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama In Alabama , the Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan or in bay waters close to Fort Morgan . The beaches remain open . The pier at Gulf State Park in Gulf Shores is closed to fishing but open for sightseeing , according to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . The Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources have closed state Gulf waters and some inshore waters to fishing . Grand Isle , Louisiana Oil is affecting more than 45 miles of Louisiana coast , according to a state emergency website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Natasha Combs , an iReporter , visited Grand Isle over the weekend to observe cleanup efforts . "  The beach was empty with the exception of the workers and the military . All of the cleanup crew were wearing -LSB- hazmat -RSB- suits . Bags of oil were gathered in piles along the beach , and workers were rinsing oil off of themselves in small plastic kid pools , " Combs said .	Health officials have issued an advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters Visitors advised not to swim in waters from Florida-Alabama line to Perdido Key Pensacola Beach waters open Wednesday for swimming and fishing
CNN  The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions . On Monday , the group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy , stating that "  such activities are fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers . " This bolsters the association 's previous positions to oppose the use of the term "  drug " for chemicals used in lethal injection and to oppose laws that require or prohibit pharmacists from participation in lethal injection cases . The group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection , said Michelle Spinnler , spokeswoman for the American Pharmacists Association . That spotlight includes a January Supreme Court decision to stay the execution for three death row inmates in Oklahoma . This was prompted by Clayton Lockett 's execution by lethal injection nearly one year ago in which he writhed on a gurney for 43 minutes before he died from a heart attack . In Georgia last month , the execution of female death row inmate Kelly Renee Gissendaner was postponed as a precaution when the execution team checked the medications and discovered they looked cloudy . Thirty-two sates allow capital punishment , and lethal injection is still the most common method . Last month , Utah Gov. Gary R. Herbert signed a law reinstating firing squads as a method of execution in cases in which lethal injection medications are not available . Of the eight inmates currently on death row in Utah , three opted for the new choice of death by firing squad . Pentobarbital is the preferred drug used for lethal injection . In Texas , the department of criminal justice told CNN in March they are running out of their supply . In July 2011 , Lundbeck Inc. , the manufacturer of pentobarbital , decided to no longer provide the drug to prisons for use in capital punishment . The companies that manufacture the products traditionally used in executions almost unilaterally decided to stop selling to institutions that used the products for that purpose , so states then turned to compounded preparations , Spinnler said . "  Pharmacists should not be involved in preparation of these products or involved in executions in any other way . " she says . The new declaration by the American Pharmacists Association aligns with positions held by other professional medical organizations such as the American Medical Association , the American Nurses Association and the American Board of Anesthesiology .	The American Pharmacists Association passed a new policy banning members from participating in lethal injections Pharmacists say role as health care providers conflicts with participation in lethal injection The pharmacy association first adopted a policy against lethal injection in 1985
CNN  -- Insurgents locked in a standoff with U.S. Marines tricked them by dressing up as women to escape , a task force spokesman said Monday . U.S. Marines scan the site of a blast that hit a U.S. vehicle in southern Afghanistan . Women and children had been caught in the standoff between the armed groups , but some of the women were not what they seemed , according to task force spokesman Capt. William Pelletier . After the Marines began taking fire from insurgents in the town of Khan Neshin , in south Afghanistan near the Helmand River , the militants ran into a multiple-room compound , the U.S. military said . Unsure of whether civilians were inside the compound , the Marines had an interpreter talk to the insurgents , said an official who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak publicly . After some time , a number of women and children left the compound , the military official said . The released hostages told the Marines that there were no more civilians inside the compound , Pelletier said . But the Marines held their fire anyway , the official said . About 4 p.m.  7:30 a.m. ET  , in the midst of the standoff , another group of women and children emerged from the compound , the official said . The Marines continued to hold their fire and wait out the insurgents , the official said . Finally , a screaming woman emerged from the compound with a bullet wound to her hand , Pelletier said . Then , another group of women came out , covered from head to toe according to custom , he said , with a couple of children in tow . The Marines attended to the wounded woman while the others walked away . When the Marines went into the compound , they discovered that it empty , Pelletier said . That 's when they realized the fighters had dressed up as women to escape , he said . "  Apparently these were tall , rather broad-shouldered women with hairy feet , " Pelletier said . The Marines ' restrained approach differs from previous hits on compounds when airstrikes were readily called in , the official said . Under a new tactical directive for forces in Afghanistan , some of which was unclassified Monday , forces must protect civilians soldiers and must be sensitive to Afghan cultural norms regarding women . Pelletier said that during the standoff , "  the Marines did n't have any female forces to do any searches , and they were n't going to violate cultural norms by patting down these women . " The standoff in the town of Khan Neshin was especially significant because it has been a Taliban stronghold for several years , and the U.S. military reported that the Afghan government regained control of the town Monday . Coalition forces began talks with local leaders several days ago and have moved about 500 Marines into Khan Neshin , a U.S. military news release said . The government takeover of Khan Neshin marks the first time coalition forces have had a sustained presence so far south in the Helmand River valley , the release said . The mission to secure Khan Neshin coincides with "  establishing secure conditions " for August elections in Afghanistan , according to the release . Elsewhere in Afghanistan , a six U.S. soldiers were killed Monday by two roadside bombs , a representative for NATO forces said . Four were killed in Kunduz province in northern Afghanistan , the U.S. military said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . Two soldiers were killed in southern Afghanistan , NATO 's International Security Assistance Forces said . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	U.S. Marines faced off against insurgents in southern town of Khan Neshin Marines surround compound , held fire because of civilians 6 U.S. soldiers killed by roadside bomb in northern Afghanistan Taliban claim responsibility for attack on U.S. military vehicle
Lou Scheimer , a pioneer in Saturday morning and weekday afternoon television cartoons with hit shows such as "  Superman , " "  Fat Albert " and "  He-Man , " has died at 84 , according to his biographer . Scheimer died Thursday , said writer Andy Mangels , who said he spoke with Scheimer 's family . Amy Rosenberg , Scheimer 's daughter-in-law , confirmed his passing as well . Scheimer was a founder of Filmation , which began producing Saturday morning staples in the 1960s , including superhero stories and an animated version of "  Star Trek . " Later , the studio found hits with "  Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids , " "  He-Man and the Masters of the Universe , " and "  She-Ra , Princess of Power . " Scheimer occasionally did voice work on the cartoons . Filmation 's library was purchased by DreamWorks last year . People we 've lost in 2013	Scheimer was a pioneer in Saturday morning cartoons such as "  Superman " His Filmation studio later produced "  Fat Albert , "  He-Man " and "  She-Ra " Scheimer 's voice appeared on some cartoons DreamWorks bought the Filmation library last year
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo has warned holders Manchester United that Champions League quarterfinal opponents Porto will be no pushovers , ahead of Tuesday 's first leg clash at Old Trafford . Ronaldo is confident holders United will see off Porto 's challenge of two legs and reach the semis . "  Porto are a very good team , " said Portugal 's World Player of the Year . "  They are top of the league back home , ahead of Sporting Lisbon and Benfica and we know how strong they can be . " But Ronaldo , who scored twice in the dramatic 3-2 win over Aston Villa that sent United back to the top of the Premier League , is confident enough to predict that United will reach the last four "  The good thing is we have two games against them and I feel that will be enough to get us through , " he said . United are odds-on favorites to reach a third successive semifinal , but manager Alex Ferguson also respects a side that finished above Arsenal in the group phase and defeated highly-rated Atletico Madrid on away goals in the last round . "  It would be stupid to think this is going to be easy , " said Ferguson . "  When teams are used to winning their domestic title , as Porto are in Portugal , you always feel they will play with great confidence . "  They have a lot of South Americans in their team as well , which gives them a great physical strength . "  By beating Atletico Madrid , Porto proved they will be hard to beat . Complacency does not come into it as far as we are concerned . We will be going at full throttle in order to get the result we want . " Brazil forward Hulk , man-of-the-match as Porto extended their unbeaten league run to 16 games at the weekend , provides a physical threat with strike partner Lisandro Lopez equally capable of causing United damage . Ferguson feels the last-gasp win over Villa can kick-start their push for glory after it had appeared United 's mini-slump was about to turn into a full-blown crisis . They were trailing 2-1 when Ronaldo equalised . Then , in the second minute of stoppage time , debutant Federico Macheda curled home a magnificent winner to send United into ecstasy . "  The winner was one of those incredible moments you probably only get at this club and it could well galvanise the club , " said Ferguson who keeps the 17-year-old in his squad against Porto . United will be bolstered by the return of Wayne Rooney , Nemanja Vidic and Paul Scholes from suspension , but Rio Ferdinand is still sidelined by a groin injury .	Cristiano Ronaldo warns Champions League rivals Porto will be no pushovers Holders Manchester United have home advantage in quarterfinal first leg clash Ronaldo is confident United will see off rivals over two legs and makes semis
CNN Student News  -- November 9 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Greece Guatemala Japan Michigan ; Utah Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Iggy Pop invented punk rock . That 's how cool he is . His songs have been covered by the likes of Guns N ' Roses , REM , The Red Hot Chili Peppers and The Sex Pistols . Iggy Pop : The wildest man in rock music . He is the wildest wild man of rock and his four-decade career has been marked by drug addiction , self mutilation and onstage nudity -- and at 61 years old he is showing no signs of growing old gracefully . Born on April 21 , 1947 , in Muskegon , Michigan , James Newell Osterberg grew up in a trailer park . When he began learning the drums as a teenager his parents gave up their bedroom to house his drum kit . It was n't long before he took his talent out of the bedroom , playing with high-school band The Iguanas , from which he later took his stage name . After graduating from high school in 1965 , Iggy formed a blues band called the Prime Movers . Following a brief stint at the University of Michigan he moved to Chicago , playing drums with local bluesmen , before returning to Michigan with his sights set on fronting a rock band . Watch Iggy Pop show CNN around Miami " In 1967 , he recruited guitarist Ron Asheton , his drummer brother Scott Asheton and bassist Dave Alexander and formed The Psychedelic Stooges . It was after seeing the Doors in concert , and inspired by Jim Morrison 's confrontational stage persona , that James Osterberg reinvented himself as Iggy Pop , a drug-fueled , crazed whirling dervish of a front man , who would strut semi-naked around the stage , roll around in broken glass and dive headlong into the audience . The band shortened its name to The Stooges and released its eponymous debut in 1969 . Right from the start there was clearly something different about Iggy Pop . At the height of flower power , when The Stooges ' contemporaries were singing about peace and love , Iggy was singing "  No Fun " and "  I Wan na Be Your Dog . " See photos of Iggy in action . " The album was a brilliant mess of raw , blues-influenced garage rock , but it sold poorly , as did the 1970 follow up "  Fun House , " later described by Jack White of the White Stripes as "  the definitive rock album of America . " Watch Iggy Pop show CNN around Miami By this time , Iggy had begun the Heroin use that would plague his career and in 1971 , The Stooges split up after being dropped by their record label . That same year , Iggy met David Bowie , who took him to England , re-united The Stooges and produced 1973 's "  Raw Power . " With "  Raw Power , " Iggy and the Stooges created the blueprint for punk rock and made an album that would one day be regarded as a landmark in rock music , an album that Nirvana singer Kurt Cobain listed as his favorite of all time . Nonetheless , it was another commercial failure and in 1974 , The Stooges split again . By this time , Heroin had taken over Iggy 's life and in 1975 he checked himself into a Los Angeles mental institution in an effort to kick the habit . Bowie visited him there and took Iggy along on his 1976 tour , before the pair moved to West Berlin in an effort to get away from the temptation of drugs . It was there that Bowie produced and co-wrote Iggy 's 1977 solo albums , "  The Idiot " and "  Lust for Life . " The latter included the songs "  The Passenger " and "  Lust for Life , " which have since become staples of TV ads and movie soundtracks , spawning countless cover versions . More commercial than The Stooges ' records , Iggy 's solo albums were met with critical acclaim and better sales , but never breakthrough into the mainstream . Songs that Bowie wrote with Iggy during this period were later included on Bowie albums , with "  China Girl " becoming a hit single for Bowie . Iggy carried on touring and releasing albums throughout the 80s , without much commercial success , although the single "  Real Wild Child " was a hit in the U.S. and UK . But by the end of the decade , Iggy was beginning to be recognized as "  the Godfather of Punk , " with a new generation of bands citing him as an influence . Members of Guns N ' Roses and the B52s appeared on his 1990 album "  Brick by Brick , " which sold more than 500,000 copies , and his 2003 album "  Skull Ring " featured the likes of Green Day , Sum 41 and Peaches . But what really made "  Skull Ring " special was that it re-united Iggy with Ron and Scott Asheton of The Stooges . After years on the periphery , Iggy was suddenly fashionable , with the reformed Stooges appearing at festivals all over the world . The band recorded the album "  The Weirdness " in 2007 , but it was their astonishingly powerful live performances that showed why they were still such a big deal 40 years after they started out . Any hopes Iggy may have had for a peaceful retirement in Miami have been dashed . At 61 years old he is still performing with the same energy and abandon as when The Stooges first formed , with only marginally less stage diving and nudity . It seems that the world has finally caught up with Iggy Pop , the most exciting , unpredictable and entertaining man in rock .	Iggy Pop and The Stooges produced three classic albums in the 60s and 70s In 1975 , Iggy checked himself into a mental institution in a bid to get off Heroin David Bowie co-wrote and produced Iggy 's The Idiot and Lust for Life albums The Stooges re-united in 2003 and have since played all over the world
Washington  CNN  -- It 's been less than two months since President Barack Obama signed the bill that will eventually lead to repeal of the controversial ban on gay men and lesbians serving openly in the military . And the military is already taking steps to implement the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " The Pentagon released a memo Friday that finalizes how the department will begin adopting its policy to the new law , how it will train troops with regards to gays and lesbians serving openly and how it all will be communicated to Congress and the public . The plan focuses on three tiers of training : -- Tier one for experts who may frequently deal with "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal matters , like chaplains and military lawyers . -- Tier two for senior leaders who will need to oversee education and training of the troops in their command . -- Tier three for the rank-and-file , active-duty service members , reservists and civilians working for the Defense Department . On March 1 Clifford Stanley , the undersecretary of defense for personnel and readiness , will provide a progress report on the preparation for repeal to the White House , the secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . The memo says the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law will not be repealed until , among other milestones , the tier one and tier two training is complete and tier three training is underway . At that point , the secretary , chairman and the president will certify the department is ready for gay men and lesbians to serve openly . After the certification takes place , a 60-day countdown begins before repeal is officially implemented . That date has not been decided yet .	Defense Department preparing to implement repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " Training will be done on three levels , or tiers Tiers one and two are for experts and senior leaders ; tier three is for rank-and-file troops
CNN  -- A bipartisan group of senators on Monday presented a legislative plan for comprehensive immigration reform one day before President Barack Obama was to offer his ideas . Those efforts , and possibly more to come , signal the largest movement in years aimed at overhauling the nation 's immigration system . Here 's a look at immigration and naturalization , by the numbers : 11.5 million : Estimated number of undocumented immigrants in the United States , as of 2011 , the most recent year available as reported by the Pew Hispanic Center . 1.91 million : Estimated number of resident non-immigrant population as of January 2011 . This number includes students , temporary workers , and diplomats and their families . 14 : Percentage of the resident non-immigrant population that lives in California . 482,300 : Immigrant visas issued by the U.S. State Department in Fiscal Year 2012 . 8 : U.S. senators behind the bipartisan immigration reform plan : Democrats Chuck Schumer of New York , Dick Durbin of Illinois , Robert Menendez of New Jersey , and Michael Bennet of Colorado ; and Republicans John McCain of Arizona , Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , Marco Rubio of Florida , and Jeff Flake of Arizona . 65 : Percentage of those gaining LPR status that had a family relationship with a U.S. citizen or someone who already has legal , permanent status . 23.1 : Millions of foreign-born workers in the U.S. labor force , as of 2010 . 114 : Bills enacted by 41 state legislatures in the first half of 2012 that addressed legal immigrants , migrants , and seasonal workers . 56,384 : People admitted to the United States as refugees in 2011 . 409,849 : Individuals removed by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  in Fiscal Year 2012 . 55 : Percentage of those removed who were convicted criminals . 327,000 : Immigrants apprehended by Customs and Border Patrol in Fiscal Year 2011 . 20 : States that require the use of "  E-verify , " which allows businesses to determine whether potential employees have the right to live and work in the U.S. as of November 2012 . 2,955 : Migrants intercepted by the U.S. Coast Guard in fiscal year 2012 . 5 months : Length of time it takes for U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to process an application for naturalization . 100 : Civics questions on the naturalization test . State legislation related to immigration 2005 : 300 bills introduced ; 39 laws enacted ; 6 vetoed . 2006 : 570 bills introduced ; 72 laws enacted ; 6 vetoed ; and 12 resolutions adopted . 2007 : 1,562 bills introduced ; 178 laws enacted ; 12 vetoed ; and 50 resolutions adopted . 2008 : 1,305 bills introduced ; 139 laws enacted ; 3 vetoed ; and 64 resolutions adopted . 2009 : More than 1,500 bills introduced ; 202 laws enacted ; 20 vetoed ; and 131 resolutions adopted . 2010 : More than 1,400 bills introduced ; 208 laws enacted ; 10 vetoed ; and 138 resolutions adopted . 2011 : 1,607 bills introduced ; 197 laws enacted ; 15 vetoed ; and 109 resolutions adopted . 2012 : 948 bills introduced ; 111 laws enacted ; 2 vetoed ; and 92 resolutions adopted  as of June 30 , 2012	There were 11.5 million undocumented immigrants in the United States in 2011 14 % of U.S. resident non-immigrant population that lived in California in 2011 It takes about five months on average to process an application for naturalization
CNN  -- A quick-hitting Northeast snowstorm that began coating the nation 's capital Wednesday has forced the cancellation of hundreds of flights for travelers in New England and the Eastern Seaboard , according to airline spokesmen . Winter storm warnings were in effect Wednesday from the southern Appalachian mountains to coastal Massachusetts and were expected to expire Thursday morning , said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . Snow was falling about an inch an hour in Washington , D.C. , which was expected to receive 4 to 6 inches Wednesday evening , he said . Federal employees and most schools in Washington ended business early on Wednesday . New York is expected to receive 8 to 12 inches of snow starting about midnight , Morris said . Boston should also see 8 to 12 inches , with the heaviest snow falling Thursday morning , he said . Nashville and central Tennessee got 2 to 4 inches of snow Wednesday , Morris said . The snowfall was even prompting airlines to pre-emptively cancel flights . Among the biggest cancellations were Delta Airlines ' 575 flights between Washington , D.C. , and Boston , said spokesman Anthony Black . American Airlines/American Eagle spokesman Ed Martelle said the two airlines cancelled 280 flights for Wednesday and 65 more are cancelled for Thursday between Washington , D.C. , and Boston . United cancelled 276 flights Wednesday and proactively cancelled 71 more for Thursday , and Continental cancelled 322 flights Wednesday and 108 more for Thursday , said Christen David , spokesman for both airlines . Southwest Airlines canceled more than 100 flights Wednesday in the Northeast , said spokeswoman Brandy King . Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley wants people to stay off the roads . "  This is a serious traffic hazard and challenge , " O'Malley said at a press briefing from the state 's operation center in Hanover . Maryland officials said 1,600 maintenance workers and 1,400 pieces of equipment would be on the roads all night battling the storm . The National Weather Service has issued a winter storm warning for the area until early Thursday morning . Snow accumulations could reach 10 inches . One problem that could hamper snow removal is the lack of sand and chemical preparation for roadways , due to the recent heavy rains . "  We have not been able to successfully pretreat the surfaces , " O'Malley told reporters after a briefing with Maryland public safety and transportation officials . Maryland has not activated the National Guard , but they are ready for deployment if needed , officials said . In Florida , the National Weather Service has dispatched survey teams to investigate damage caused by storms that moved across the state Tuesday evening . They found that a tornado near Boca Raton had snapped and uprooted trees , CNN meteorologist Morris said . In St. Petersburg , Florida , 90 mph straight-line winds damaged a gas station and injured one person , Morris said . A tornado near Alva , Florida , destroyed and damaged six mobile homes , and straight-line winds between 60 and 90 mph damaged several homes near Groveland , Florida , Morris said . This snowstorm comes after many had just dug themselves out of a blizzard that walloped the Northeast earlier this month . The storm that hit in early January closed hundreds of schools , stopped the rail system between New York City and points north for days and grounded hundreds of flights . Connecticut , Rhode Island , New Hampshire and Vermont reached up to 30 inches , while most areas got 8 to 16 inches of snow . CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report	NEW : Hundreds of flights are canceled Wednesday and even for Thursday Two tornadoes in Florida damage homes and injure one person Snow will cover many states in the East Wednesday and Thursday , forecasters say
CNN Student News  -- January 22 , 2014 Today 's show starts in Russia , where international officials , police and security forces are responding to terrorist threats surrounding the upcoming Olympic Games . We step out into space for the "  wake-up call " of a European spacecraft , and we take an early look inside the tallest building in the U.S. We 'll also introduce you to a teenager who 's making a positive impact in her world . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What kinds of images and sound might a city hosting a major sports event want to make public in advance of the event ? Why ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Vladimir Putin 2 . Rosetta 3 . One World Trade Center Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . When and where will the upcoming Winter Olympics take place ? What security challenge might officials there face ? 2 . According to scientists : Why was the Rosetta satellite put into hibernation two years ago ? What happened when scientists tried to "  wake " it ? 3 . What kind of severe weather is affecting much of the northern and eastern U.S. ? How has the weather impacted government and businesses ? What weather emergency are some people in California facing ? 4 . Who is McClain Hermes ? How is she making a difference in her community ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What are Russian authorities doing to address terrorist threats surrounding the Sochi Olympics ? Who has threatened to attack the games ? What is the U.S. doing to address this possibility ? Do you think the threat will impact attendance at the Olympics ? Explain . If you were going to the Olympics , would you be concerned ? State your rationale . 2 . What is the spacecraft Rosetta 's mission ? What is its cost ? What kinds of information do you think scientists will be able to obtain as a result ? Do you think that this kind of space exploration is worth pursuing ? Why or why not ? 3 . What are some of the features of the new One World Trade Center ? What kinds of businesses do you think might be best suited to this building ? Why ? 4 . f you know of a story of an individual who has taken a personal challenge and turned it into an effort to help others , share that with the class . What can others learn from these stories ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- A female zookeeper was seriously injured Friday after being "  pinned " to a post by a young male Asian elephant during a routine training session at Sydney 's Taronga Zoo . Two other keepers rushed to the woman 's aid after they heard her cries and moved the elephant away , the zoo said in a statement . The woman was taken to hospital in a critical condition , but is now stable in intensive care . She has not been identified out of respect for her family 's privacy , the zoo said . The elephant involved was a two-and-half-year-old male calf called Pathi Harn , which means "  miracle " in Thai . The calf was given the name after being born alive , even after experts pronounced him dead in the womb following a difficult eight-day labor . The calf -- initially referred to as "  Mr Shuffles " due to his odd gait -- was conceived by artificial insemination as part of the zoo 's elephant breeding and conservation program . At the time of his birth in March 2010 , the young male weighed 116 kilograms and one year later tipped the scales at just over 500kgs . The zoo said it does n't know what provoked the calf . "  It 's unknown at this time why the young elephant challenged the keeper . The public were not at risk at any time and the elephants are now in their paddock at the zoo . " WorkCover , a New South Wales government agency "  promoting productive , healthy and safe workplaces , " is investigating the incident . "  Initial enquiries indicate that the zoo keeper suffered serious crush injuries while working in the elephant enclosure , " the agency said in a press release . The Sydney zoo is home to eight elephants , some of whom have rehabilitated from domestic elephant camps in Thailand . According to the zoo 's website , their enclosure includes deep and shallow swimming pools , mud wallows , sleeping mounds , shaded areas , scratching posts and logs . Every morning , "  the elephants and keepers walk around the exhibit paddocks and in the Zoo grounds for exercise and physical activity , " the website said . It added : "  A scientific study conducted during 2006-2007 found that Taronga Zoo 's elephants had an activity profile that closely matched behaviors , exercise and foraging activities of wild elephants . " The World Wildlife Fund estimates that there are around 30,000 Asian elephants left in the world . Of those , nearly 30 % are in captivity .	Zookeeper crushed after elephant pins her to post in Australian zoo Taronga Zoo investigating why the elephant "  challenged the keeper " Calf involved was known as the "  miracle " elephant born in 2010 The Asian elephant was conceived as part of the zoo 's breeding program
CNN  -- It should be time to celebrate key milestones in the fight against HIV and AIDS . Recently , the United Nations announced that new HIV infections and AIDS-related deaths fell to their lowest levels since the epidemic 's peak . Today , 6.6 million people in low - and middle-income countries are on life-saving antiretroviral therapy , and people with HIV are living longer . These gains are significant . But because of the shortsightedness of many wealthy countries , we are once again at risk of losing an opportunity to contain and control this deadly epidemic . The announcement by the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS  UNAIDS  of these gains was quickly followed by much more sobering news . The Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria -- the main financier of HIV programs around the world -- reported deep funding shortfalls as Western countries shrink or skip their promised Global Fund payments . The Global Fund is freezing expenditures for existing HIV treatment programs and removing hundreds of millions in funding for new programs . The result ? Fewer people on HIV treatment , more HIV , more AIDS , more orphans , more misery , more death . The world has been on the cusp of a promising new era in combating HIV before . At the 2005 G8 Summit in Gleneagles , Scotland , the globe 's most powerful economies committed to fund universal access to HIV prevention , treatment and care by 2010 . The global community fell short by half . Because of that , there were millions of new -- preventable -- HIV infections , with widespread morbidity and mortality and massive economic and social costs . Tragically , the HIV pandemic continued to expand . Earlier this year , at the U.N. , the same players renewed their pledge to fund universal access by 2015 . Yet we now hear news of shrinking resources in the face of massive need . Let 's be clear -- the United States is a leader in funding the fight against HIV . Since then-President George W. Bush 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  launched in 2003 , U.S. support has provided millions of HIV-infected people with access to antiretroviral therapy . Today , the U.S. commitment remains strong , through the Obama administration 's National HIV/AIDS StrategyÂ in America and Global Health Initiative , and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's recent call for an AIDS-free generation . Clinton 's goal hinges on a handful of key initiatives , including the immediate expansion of a program known as "  treatment as prevention " and a corresponding increase in funding for the Global Fund . Treatment as prevention , which calls for widespread testing for HIV and treatment for those testing positive , was pioneered at the BC Centre for Excellence in HIV/AIDS in British Columbia , Canada . Effective treatment of a person living with HIV puts the virus into virtual long-term remission and dramatically reduces its transmission , preventing further infections . Leading global health organizations such as the International AIDS Society , UNAIDS and the Clinton Foundation support the expansion of "  treatment as prevention " programs worldwide , calling the preventive benefit of treatment a "  game-changer " in the fight against HIV . Further compelling evidence that treatment as prevention works was provided by a U.S. clinical trial  HPTN052  in May 2011 . It found that immediate antiretroviral treatment of an HIV-infected person whose partner does not have HIV reduced AIDS-related morbidity and mortality in the HIV-infected partner by 41 % and decreased HIV transmission to the sexual partner by 96 % . Together , these results were instrumental in persuading the international community to renew the universal access pledge . UNAIDS says that 12.2 million new HIV infections and 7.4 million HIV-related deaths could be averted between 2011 and 2020 if funding is scaled up to $ 24 billion annually by 2015 . The dollars required are considerable , but -- considering that the G8 pledged $ 40 billion virtually on the spot for the Arab Spring -- fully affordable . Funding universal access is not just a moral and ethical obligation ; it is also highly cost-effective . China gets it . The world 's most populous country is implementing a national treatment as prevention strategy to help China meet its goal of bringing HIV and AIDS under control by 2015 . Under its program , China conducted nearly 67 million HIV tests in the first 10 months of this year . The global effort to combat HIV can not afford further delays , as the magnitude and impact of the pandemic grow relentlessly . Today , 34 million people live with HIV and 7.6 million people require treatment . We continue to play catch-up . For every one person who starts HIV treatment , two become infected with HIV . It is time to fully fund the Global Fund , so we can meet the universal access pledge and realize the goal of an AIDS-free generation . Millions of lives depend on it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julio Montaner .	Julio Monanter : UNAIDS announces HIV infections , AIDS deaths down from peak Montaner : But these gains are threatened as West fails to meet funding obligations Global Fund to fight AIDS has deep shortfalls , he writes , is cutting new programs Wealthy nations must renew pledges , he says , or many more will die , become infected
CNN  -- Former world number one Rafael Nadal will end a six-month absence from tennis when he competes in an Abu Dhabi exhibition tournament later this month , the Spaniard has revealed . Nadal has been sidelined by knee problems following June 's shock second-round exit at Wimbledon to 100th-ranked Czech Lukas Rosol . "  Ca n't wait to get back on court in Abu Dhabi at the end of the month , " he wrote on his Twitter and Facebook pages . "  I won the Mubadala World Tennis Championship in 2010 and 2011 -- would love to get my hands on the trophy again this year . " After his Wimbledon exit , the 11-time grand slam champion was diagnosed with Hoffa 's syndrome , an inflammation of the fatty tissue in his left knee that has sidelined him on numerous occasions over the years . The injury meant Nadal was unable to defend his Olympic title at London 2012 , with the 26-year-old dropping to fourth in the rankings after also missing out on the U.S. Open and Spain 's Davis Cup final defeat to the Czech Republic in November . Having started training again late last month , Nadal will make his return in Abu Dhabi on December 28 , 17 days before the first grand slam of 2013 -- the Australian Open in Melbourne . Earlier this month , he said it would be difficult to win the Australian Open after such a lengthy period off court , warning fans not to expect "  miracles . " Nadal has a first-round bye in Abu Dhabi , then plays the winner of the match between U.S. Open and Olympic champion Andy Murray and ninth-ranked Serbian Janko Tipsarevic . World No. 1 Novak Djokovic will also line up in the six-man , three-day event . He will play either world No. 5 David Ferrer or Czech Davis Cup winner Tomas Berdych on the second day . Meanwhile , the International Tennis Federation has named Djokovic and third-ranked woman Serena Williams as its 2012 world champions . Djokovic received the honor for the second year running , as the Serbian retained the Australian Open and won the season-ending ATP championship but suffered the disappointment of losing the final at both Roland Garros and Flushing Meadows . "  I am proud to have been named ITF World Champion for the second successive year , " said the 25-year-old . "  It was very difficult to follow up such a successful season in 2011 , but it was extremely satisfying to win another grand slam title , reach two other major finals and finish the year at No. 1 . " Meanwhile , Williams was in vintage form in 2012 as the 31-year-old tasted Olympic singles gold for the first time in addition to taking her grand slam collection to 15 titles , following this year 's triumphs at both Wimbledon and the U.S. Open . "  It means a lot to be named ITF World Champion for the third time , " said Williams , who finished the season with a WTA Tour-best seven titles . "  It has been such an amazing experience this year to win the Olympics and two grand slam tournaments , and I look forward to having an awesome 2013 . " It is the second year in a row that the top-ranked woman has missed out on the ITF award -- last year Petra Kvitova headed off Caroline Wozniacki . This time Victoria Azarenka missed out despite leading the earnings list with more than $ 7 million in prize money and winning her first grand slam in Melbourne . The ITF World Champions will receive their awards at a dinner during the French Open in Paris next June .	Rafael Nadal to end six months of injury-enforced absence in Abu Dhabi later this month The 11-time Grand Slam champion has not played since the Wimbledon championships in June Novak Djokovic and Serena Williams named ITF World Champions of 2012
CNN  -- A 22-story residential building collapsed in Colombia 's second-largest city , killing one person , injuring two and leaving 10 others unaccounted for , authorities said Sunday . The building collapsed Saturday night in Medellin , according to the office of Claudia Patricia Restrepo , the temporary mayor . Officials evacuated 24 families from the building Friday after they noticed cracks . Construction workers inside the building at the time of the collapse were among the missing , according to the mayor . After the incident , authorities evacuated residents of nearby buildings as a security measure . Restrepo said police , the fire department , psychologists and the Red Cross were at the site . Residential building collapses in India Mumbai mayor : Decorator responsible for building collapse , killing 61	NEW : Two people are injured The building collapsed Saturday night in Medellin Just before it tumbled , officials evacuated 24 families after they noticed cracks
Gore , Georgia  CNN  -- Duncan Shropshire stops at the edge of the treeline , where the meadow becomes a forest . His yellow linen shirt is misbuttoned and crooked , leaving the bottom of his belly slightly exposed . His 8-year-old daughter , Mia-Grace , stands a foot or so behind him , wiping her runny nose with the sleeve of her blue sweatshirt . After about a minute , she lets out a sigh of boredom . Shropshire , 51 , clasps his daughter 's hand and begins leading her into the Northwest Georgia forest . "  This is where your ancestors are buried , back here , " Shropshire says . "  C'mon , I 'll show you . " And with a loving tug , Duncan Shropshire shares with his daughter a key piece of their family 's history . Still holding hands , the pair weaves through the maze of thin pines , stepping over fallen oaks and basketball-sized sinkholes . Mia-Grace stays silent while her father seems singularly focused on moving forward . After five minutes , they reach a large clearing where rows of fist-sized rocks bulge out of the ground . Each rock sits atop small depressions in the ground . "  You see those humps in the ground ? " Shropshire asks . "  Uh-huh , " Mia-Grace replies . "  Those are rows of graves . They 're stacked like spoons here , " Shropshire says . "  There was a lot of people here . People of the 1800s are buried here . And I 'm trying to keep it in your memory the way granddaddy kept it in mine so it wo n't be forgotten . " The two crouch over a large , flat rock with the words "  Lewis Dickson , 4 " scratched into it . To the left of the marker is a row of 12 rocks . To the front , there are four other rows of stones , varying in number . "  How long did they bury our kin here ? " Mia-Grace asks . "  They started in the early 1800s , baby , " Shropshire answers . "  They worked our people to death here . They were slaves . And probably about 1905 is when they stopped burying in this area . Your great-great-great grandfather , a  slave-owning  man named Wesley , he had five children by this slave woman , your great-great-great grandmother . She is buried over here on this side . Her name is Molly . " Mia-Grace 's light green eyes get big . "  I 'm worried I might step on them , " she says . "  Oh , baby , " Shropshire says with a laugh , "  they 're gone . They 're gone ! They 're sleeping right now , waiting for the Lord to come . " A "  rare " and "  special " place The Shropshire gravesite is in the Appalachian foothills outside Gore , Georgia . About 1,000 feet from the clearing is an old , abandoned church on a dusty dirt road . Experts say that if slaves or former slaves are buried at the site , it would be a unique archeological find . "  In Appalachia , it would be extremely rare to have a black or slave graveyard , " explained Ruth Little , co-author of "  Sticks and Stones : Three Centuries of North Carolina Gravemarkers . " "  The farms in Appalachia were small , and there were fewer slaves . " Little says slave cemeteries in the area would have been marked with field stones , like the rocks at the site , or wooden stakes that burned down . "  It 's very regional and very local , " Little continued . "  I 've seen on the coastal area with graves marked with seashells . " Other grave markers used in black burial cites throughout the Southeast include iron pipes , broken dishes , cups , bottles and live cedar trees , according to Chicora Foundation Executive Director Michael Trinkley . He specializes in cemetery preservation . "  The problem with preserving these types of sites is that African-American cemeteries are hard to find , " Trinkley said . "  You can think of the people buried there as the invisible dead . And not knowing where they are , or how many there are , makes them susceptible to loss . " Even if gravesites are recognized , they still might be destroyed for development . Trinkley points to the low country of South Carolina . "  The areas that were used for burial grounds , " Trinkley explained , "  those areas were close to water . They were considered waste areas , places where burying slaves was n't a significant loss to the planter . Those areas today are among the most sought-after for real estate . " Officials in Chattooga County , where the site is located , say that they are unaware of any grave sites in the hills near Gore and that the site needs to be registered with the library as a cemetery before it can be considered for protection through local ordinances . Trinkley and Little both say the potential historical importance of grave sites warrant investigation by local or state officials . "  What if in that grave was your mother or your child ? " Trinkley asked . "  It 's an issue of respect and an issue of dignity . It 's the last decision society and the individual make together . " "  There are n't many traceable slave graveyards , and each one is special in it 's own way , " Little added . She says the Shropshire family can point to that spot and say , "  This is where we 're from ; this is where our roots are . " Two cemeteries for two ancestors Shortly before sunset , Mia-Grace and Duncan Shropshire head over to an old white cemetery about a mile from the forest gravesite . The dates on the gravestones suggest that it was used around the same time as the forest cemetery . There , Shropshire and Mia-Grace walk over to a marble headstone that tops 10 feet . In front of it is a small plastic Confederate flag flapping in the breeze . "  This is Wesley Weatherspoon Shropshire . ... He was one of the colonels in the Civil War for the Confederacy , " Shropshire says . "  He had five children by way of a slave he owned by the name of Molly . " "  My great-great grandmother ? " Mia-Grace asks . "  Your great-great-great grandmother , " Shropshire corrects her . He turns to point toward another grave site when Mia-Grace notices her father 's misbuttoned shirt . She stops him mid-sentence and begins to fix the crooked buttons . "  Why is Molly buried over there and Wesley over here ? " she asks . "  Because that 's the way it was , Mia , " Shropshire answers . Mia-Grace 's face is filled with intense concentration as she tries to undo the bottom button on her father 's shirt . Finally , she pries the button free . She looks up at her father and says assuredly , "  But people are people . It does n't matter what they are . They 're all the same . " "  That 's a good thing to think , but back then it was n't like that , Mia , " Shropshire tells her . "  The dark-skinned people were buried way back over yonder , and the light-skinned people were buried here . " Mia-Grace finally fixes her father 's shirt , leaving it straight . Then , she skips over to the other end of the cemetery . Shropshire watches her race across the lot . "  You ca n't do well in life if you do n't know your history . Without your history , you 're nothing , " he says . Mia-Grace playfully hides behind a large headstone , calling for her daddy to chase her . A quarter-way toward her , he stops , turns around and yells back , "  I reckon she 'll be buried wherever she wants to . "	Duncan Shropshire takes daughter Mia-Grave to see where ancestors are buried The family grave dates to the 1800s , Shropshire says Gravemarkers used in black burial sites include iron pipes , broken dishes , trees People were buried in different parts of the cemetery based on skin color , Shropshire explains
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A federal prosecutor formally declared Army biological researcher Bruce Ivins the sole person responsible for creating and mailing the bacterial spores that killed five people in the 2001 anthrax attacks . Officials said biodefense researcher Bruce E. Ivins , seen here in 2003 , committed suicide . "  We believe , based on the evidence we collected , that we could prove his guilt to a jury beyond a reasonable doubt , " Jeffrey Taylor , the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia , told reporters at a news conference Wednesday afternoon . Taylor presented an overview of the case against Ivins , 62 , after the Justice Department released documents detailing the scientist 's role in what Taylor called "  the worst act of bioterrorism in U.S. history . " The anthrax-laced letters sickened 15 and killed two Washington postal workers , a New York hospital worker , a National Enquirer photo editor in Florida and a 94-year-old woman in Connecticut . In a statement issued after the news conference , Ivins ' lawyers continued to proclaim their client 's innocence and said the government 's documents and statements fell short of "  concrete evidence . " "  The government 's press conference was an orchestrated dance of carefully worded statements , heaps of innuendo and a staggering lack of real evidence -- all contorted to create the illusion of guilt by Dr. Ivins , " attorneys Paul Kemp and Thomas M. DeGonia said . Authorities took the unusual step of laying out the case to the public after FBI Director Robert Mueller earlier Wednesday briefed survivors and relatives of victims of the attacks on the investigation . Taylor said Ivins committed suicide last week as federal prosecutors prepared for a meeting with his lawyers to lay out the findings . Watch Taylor outline the case against Ivins " "  We were able to identify in early 2005 the genetically unique parent material of the anthrax spores used in the mailings , " Taylor said . "  The parent material of the anthrax spores used in the attacks was a single flask of spores , known as RMR-1029 , that was created and solely maintained by Dr. Ivins . " Ivins spent 28 years as a civilian microbiologist at the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute for Infectious Diseases at Fort Detrick , Maryland , where he was trying to develop a vaccine against anthrax . But Taylor said Ivins ' deteriorating mental state was compounded by fears that his vaccine program was in jeopardy , leading him to create a "  murder weapon " in the form of a flask of purified anthrax spores in his lab . "  Dr. Ivins was a troubled individual , " Taylor said , referring to his documented history of mental illness . Ivins had been under "  significant stress in both his home and work life " around the time of the attacks , an affidavit filed in support of a search warrant states . About two weeks after the attacks , one co-worker told a former colleague that "  Bruce has been an absolute manic basket case the last few days , " the affidavit said . "  One theory is that , by launching these attacks , he creates a situation , a scenario , where people all of a sudden realize the need to have this vaccine , " Taylor said . Investigators also traced the envelopes that contained the spore-laced letters to the Frederick , Maryland , area where Ivins lived , Taylor said . The handwritten letters bore a Trenton , New Jersey , postmark and the date "  9-11-01 . " They ended with "  Death to America . Death to Israel . Allah is Great . " Ivins sent an e-mail to a colleague a few days before the attacks that contained similar language , writing that "  bin Laden terrorists for sure have anthrax and sarin gas " and have "  just decreed death to all Jews and all Americans , " according to the affidavit . Authorities began focusing on Ivins in 2007 , but he was unable to give investigators an "  adequate explanation " when questioned by authorities about the long hours he had spent at the lab around the time of the attacks , according to the affidavit , which also said Ivins tried to mislead FBI agents by giving them false samples of the bacteria from his lab for analysis . But Ivins ' attorney said the search warrants and the affidavits used to support them could not be considered "  smoking guns . " "  The government would have the American people believe that after seven years and more than $ 15 million of taxpayer money , they have found the individual responsible for the heinous attacks of the fall of 2001 , " Kemp said . "  Nothing could be farther from the truth . " At the time of his death , Ivins was under a temporary restraining order sought by a social worker who had counseled him in private and group sessions . Just a few weeks before his death , Ivins had been hospitalized for psychiatric examination after threatening to kill co-workers , investigators "  and other individuals who had wronged him , " and agents found body armor , three pistols and several boxes of ammunition in his home when they searched it , the affidavit states . Wednesday 's announcement comes six years to the day after then-Attorney General John Ashcroft publicly declared another Fort Detrick scientist , Steven Hatfill , a "  person of interest " in the attacks . Hatfill was not charged and sued over the matter , a case the government settled in June . His case has fueled skepticism about the allegations against Ivins , and experts in the field have disputed some details that have emerged from the investigation . Taylor said Ivins was one of few people at Fort Detrick who knew how to operate a lyophilizer , which converts wet anthrax into the kind of dry powder that was used in the attacks . But Richard Spertzel , a former colleague of Ivins at Fort Detrick , said no one working at a U.S. government lab could have produced such high-quality anthrax in secret . CNN Producer Kevin Bohn , Bill Mears and Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	NEW : Bruce Ivins ' lawyers say documents , statements are n't "  concrete evidence " Federal prosecutor says Ivins acted alone in attacks that killed five Records say Ivins tried to mislead feds with false samples of bacteria Justice Department releases hundreds of pages to public
CNN  -- A parachutist fell to his death Saturday when his parachute failed to deploy during an air show north of Tampa , the Pasco County Sheriff 's Office said . The man , Mark Curto , 62 , had jumped from a biplane and died on the scene , sheriff 's spokeswoman Melanie Snow said . The pilot landed safely . Curto was from Tampa . The Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board have been notified , she said . Plane carrying skydivers crashes in Belgium	The man 's parachute failed to deploy and he died on the scene It happened at an air show north of Tampa The FAA and NTSB are investigating
CNN  -- Who 'll win and who will lose ? The following are the nominations for the 80th annual Academy Awards . Winners will be announced February 24 . For more details on the nominees in some of the major categories , check out our gallery of nominees . See the nominee gallery " Best Picture "  Atonement " "  Juno " "  Michael Clayton " "  No Country for Old Men " "  There Will Be Blood " Actor George Clooney , "  Michael Clayton " Daniel Day-Lewis , "  There Will Be Blood " Johnny Depp , "  Sweeney Todd the Demon Barber of Fleet Street " Tommy Lee Jones , "  In the Valley of Elah " Viggo Mortensen , "  Eastern Promises " Actress Cate Blanchett , "  Elizabeth : The Golden Age " Julie Christie , "  Away From Her " Marion Cotillard , "  La Vie en Rose " Laura Linney , "  The Savages " Ellen Page , "  Juno " Supporting Actor Casey Affleck , "  The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford " Javier Bardem , "  No Country for Old Men " Hal Holbrook , "  Into the Wild " Philip Seymour Hoffman , "  Charlie Wilson 's War " Tom Wilkinson , "  Michael Clayton " Supporting Actress Cate Blanchett , "  I 'm Not There " Ruby Dee , "  American Gangster " Saoirse Ronan , "  Atonement " Amy Ryan , "  Gone Baby Gone " Tilda Swinton , "  Michael Clayton " Director Julian Schnabel , "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " Jason Reitman , "  Juno " Tony Gilroy , "  Michael Clayton " Joel Coen and Ethan Coen , "  No Country for Old Men " Paul Thomas Anderson , "  There Will Be Blood " Foreign Film "  Beaufort , " Israel "  The Counterfeiters , " Austria "  Katyn , " Poland "  Mongol , " Kazakhstan "  12 , " Russia Adapted Screenplay Christopher Hampton , "  Atonement " Sarah Polley , "  Away from Her " Ronald Harwood , "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " Joel Coen & Ethan Coen , "  No Country for Old Men " Paul Thomas Anderson , "  There Will Be Blood " Original Screenplay Diablo Cody , "  Juno " Nancy Oliver , "  Lars and the Real Girl " Tony Gilroy , "  Michael Clayton " Brad Bird , Jan Pinkava and Jim Capobianco , "  Ratatouille " Tamara Jenkins , "  The Savages . " Animated Feature Film "  Persepolis " "  Ratatouille " "  Surf 's Up " Art Direction "  American Gangster " "  Atonement " "  The Golden Compass " "  Sweeney Todd the Demon Barber of Fleet Street " "  There Will Be Blood " Cinematography "  The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford " "  Atonement " "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " "  No Country for Old Men " "  There Will Be Blood " Sound Mixing "  The Bourne Ultimatum " "  No Country for Old Men " "  Ratatouille " "  3:10 to Yuma " "  Transformers " Sound Editing "  The Bourne Ultimatum " "  No Country for Old Men " "  Ratatouille " "  There Will Be Blood " "  Transformers " Original Score "  Atonement , " Dario Marianelli "  The Kite Runner , " Alberto Iglesias "  Michael Clayton , " James Newton Howard "  Ratatouille , " Michael Giacchino "  3:10 to Yuma , " Marco Beltrami Original Song "  Falling Slowly " from "  Once , " Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova "  Happy Working Song " from "  Enchanted , " Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz "  Raise It Up " from "  August Rush , " Nominees to be determined "  So Close " from "  Enchanted , " Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz "  That 's How You Know " from "  Enchanted , " Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz Costume "  Across the Universe " "  Atonement " "  Elizabeth : The Golden Age " "  La Vie en Rose " "  Sweeney Todd the Demon Barber of Fleet Street " Documentary Feature "  No End in Sight " "  Operation Homecoming : Writing the Wartime Experience " "  Sicko " "  Taxi to the Dark Side " "  War/Dance " Documentary  short subject  "  Freeheld " "  La Corona  The Crown  " "  Salim Baba " "  Sari 's Mother " Film Editing "  The Bourne Ultimatum " "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly " "  Into the Wild " "  No Country for Old Men " "  There Will Be Blood " Makeup "  La Vie en Rose " "  Norbit " "  Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End " Animated Short Film "  I Met the Walrus " "  Madame Tutli-Putli " "  Meme Les Pigeons Vont au Paradis  Even Pigeons Go to Heaven  " "  My Love  Moya Lyubov  " "  Peter & the Wolf " Live Action Short Film "  At Night " "  Il Supplente  The Substitute  " "  Le Mozart des Pickpockets  The Mozart of Pickpockets  " "  Tanghi Argentini " "  The Tonto Woman " Visual Effects "  The Golden Compass " "  Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End " "  Transformers " E-mail to a friend	"  No Country for Old Men , " "  There Will Be Blood " lead with eight nods each George Clooney and Johnny Depp are among best actor nominees Best actress nominees include Julie Christie and Laura Linney Cate Blanchett is nominated for both best actress and best supporting actress
CNN  -- A gay couple in Malawi , found guilty of gross indecency and unnatural acts after they took part in an "  engagement ceremony , " was sentenced to 14 years in prison Thursday . Steven Mojenza , 26 , and Tiwonge Chimbalanga , 20 , were convicted in a court Tuesday . The pair was arrested in December at their home in Blantyre , Malawi , for professing their love in a traditional engagement ceremony . They were rounded up after news reports surfaced , charged under colonial-era sodomy laws and detained at Chichiru Prison without bail . The arrests received some popular support in the conservative southern African nation , but sparked condemnation by gay rights activists . Human rights groups including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch have called for the release of the couple . Critics on the scene and condemned the sentence . "  There was no victim in this case , yet they were given a very harsh sentence by the judge , " said Gift Trapence , executive director of a Malawi human rights group . Trapence said the majority of Malawians supported the verdict , but feared the harsh sentence would push much of the country 's gay community further underground . "  This sentence sends a strong and unacceptable message that discrimination is legally justified in the Malawi justice system , " said Michelle Kagari , deputy Africa program director at Amnesty International , in a written statement . Amnesty International said the couple told their attorneys they were beaten by police while in custody . British officials said in a joint statement they were "  deeply dismayed " at the couple 's conviction , as well as allegations they were mistreated in police custody . "  Malawi has made significant progress on human rights in recent years , " said Henry Bellingham , Foreign Office under-secretary , along with Stephen O ' Brien , parliamentary under-secretary of state at the Department for International Development , and Lynne Featherstone , minister for equality at the Home Office . "  The government has signed up to international human rights treaties and Malawi 's constitution protects the rights of all its citizens . Infringement of these rights is intolerable . The conviction and sentencing ... runs counter to a positive trend . " In Washington , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the United States condemned the conviction and sentencing . "  The criminalization of sexual orientation and gender identity is unconscionable , and this case mars the human rights record of Malawi , " he said . "  We urge Malawi and all countries to stop using sexual orientation or gender identity as the basis for arrest , detention , or execution . " Philip J. Crowley , assistant secretary of state for public affairs , said "  the United States is appalled " by the conviction and sentence , which he called "  a significant step backward for the government of Malawi 's human-rights record . Malawi must abide by its human-rights obligations . " Decriminalization of homosexuality is key not only to the protection of universal human rights , but is also "  crucial to the urgent need to fight the spread of HIV/AIDS , " he said . Homosexuality is illegal in Malawi -- as it is in most African nations -- and government officials have said they are simply upholding the law . But activists in Malawi say Article 20 of the country 's constitution -- which outlaws discrimination -- is being violated . The Malawi Law Society said the prosecution of the two men has been driven by prejudice -- not jurisprudence . Anthony Kamanga , Malawi 's solicitor general and secretary for justice and constitutional affairs , said the law does not conflict with the constitution , and denied the charge of prejudice . "  I do not think that in this particular case that these two people were prejudiced against , " he said . "  We have no law that criminalizes sexual orientation , just certain sexual acts . " Kamanga said the criticism is unfair . "  For some reason , this case has been blown out of proportion , " he charged . "  The courts have been fair to these two men . " "  Most people are repugnant towards homosexuality , " said Canaan Phiri , secretary general of the Malawi Council of Churches . "  People do not declare their homosexuality because people are against this . " Ahead of the verdict , the two men thanked their supporters , remaining defiant in a statement released through Tatchell . In it , Chimbalanga said : "  I love Steven so much . If people or the world can not give me the chance and freedom to continue living with him as my lover , then I am better off to die here in prison . Freedom without him is useless and meaningless . " CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : Sentence "  sends a strong , unacceptable message , " Amnesty says Gay couple found guilty of gross indecency , unnatural acts jailed for 14 years They were charged under Malawi 's colonial-era sodomy laws The Malawi Law Society said prosecution driven by prejudice
Editor 's note : Pedro A. Moreno García is the associate director of Hispanic Catechesis Diocese of Austin , Texas . Pedro A. Moreno García says he believes each immigrant welcomed is an opportunity for America 's growth . AUSTIN , Texas  CNN  -- A key element for the continued success of Latinos in America is the degree to which they are welcomed into our society . This country of immigrants is famous for welcoming others , especially those in most need . Any weakening of our national ability to welcome others would be a tragic deterioration of one of our nation 's central values . We are at our collective best when we are deeply engaged in echoing the words of Emma Lazarus ' epic poem , "  The New Colossus " -- "  Give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free . ... " We are at our collective worst when we are sipping from the cup of xenophobia , racism , nationalism , misandry , misogyny , homophobia or just generic hate . Welcoming is not always easy , but it enriches our nation beyond our wildest dreams . Each immigrant is a beautiful gift from the God in whom this nation places its trust . Each welcoming of a new person is an opportunity for the continued growth and progress of this country . Welcoming others , treating fellow human beings with hospitality , sets the stage for relationships to grow and develop . Welcoming others opens the door for everyone , both the one welcoming and those who are welcomed , to share the blessings and gifts that they both have . The best each person has to offer comes out more easily when hospitality is the common ground on which we walk . Each Latino can offer his or her best when hospitality is translated into "  Mi casa es tu casa . " Sadly , the opposite is also true . An absence of welcoming , and even outright rejection or persecution , not only sends many into the shadows of society but also sends into hiding their talents and gifts , thus impoverishing us all . An impoverishment of society affects every cell of that society , beginning with the family and ending with the nation itself . Again , to welcome the stranger is not easy . Sometimes it can be very uncomfortable or even painful . Being welcoming and hospitable to others can lead us to moan and complain , but the Scriptures warn us against this . In 1 Peter 4:9 , New International Version , the Scriptures invite us to " -LSB- o -RSB- ffer hospitality to one another without grumbling . " At times , our country can seem less welcoming than it was in the past . But we must continue our long history of hospitality despite the difficulties , which were also there in the past . We must also be vigilant that , as a nation , we do not fall into the temptations to close our doors , build new walls or have more armed guards standing by . Welcoming others must be done with prudence , but prudence can not drown out compassion and generosity , and excessive prudence can become isolationism . As does the nation , many communities struggle with this temptation to isolationism . Families and even faith communities struggle with it . In my experience , in the last couple of years , various brothers and sisters from within the Roman Catholic Church have questioned , with not so charitable words , why the church would even minister to someone who is undocumented . Many do not understand that the commandment -- to love one another -- does not have an exemption clause . To quote Scripture again : "  We ought therefore to show hospitality to such men so that we may work together for the truth . "  3 John 1:8 , New International Version In the diocese of Austin , Texas , the church strives to live out the final gospel-inspired verses of Lazarus ' poem , a work that can be found on a bronze plaque inside the Statue of Liberty exhibit hall . I hope and pray that these words continue to reflect our national sentiment for many years to come . "  Send these , the homeless , tempest-tossed to me , I lift my lamp beside the golden door ! " It is the welcome and the hospitality that motivates Latinos in America to say ... "  We are truly una nación under Dios . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pedro A. Moreno García .	Pedro A. Moreno García : Lessening welcome to immigrants weakens U.S. values Moreno : U.S. must not close doors , build walls and become isolationist Moreno says U.S. at its worst when displaying xenophobia , racism or hate He says commandment "  to love one another " does not have exemption clause
CNN  -- Formula One 's 12 teams have struck an agreement to secure the future of the sport until 2020 , Bernie Ecclestone has exclusively told CNN . The F1 CEO revealed a new eight-year deal that will bind all 12 constructors in the elite division of motorsport beyond the current "  Concorde Agreement " that expires at the end of this season . The contract outlines the terms by which teams compete in Formula One and how the lucrative prize money and television revenues on offer are divided . Progress on the deal has been complicated by F1 's planned public offering on the Singapore stock market that could yield around $ 3 billion . Vettel : Monaco no place for ` sissies ' In March the majority of the teams had agreed in principle to tie themselves to an extension of the Concorde Agreement that was most recently signed in 2009 , but doubts remained over Mercedes . The German constructor , who have seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher in their ranks , were reported to be considering quitting the sport but during an interview in Monaco , Ecclestone said an agreement had been reached . "  Well we 've just got people now , all the current teams , to sign up until 2020 and then I hope another 10 years after that and then forever . Everybody has agreed with it , " he told CNN World Sport anchor Amanda Davies . "  You 'll have to wait to see if Mercedes have but I 'm confident everything with Mercedes will be fine , " Ecclestone added . When asked if his concerns about Mercedes pulling out of the sport had gone he replied : "  Absolutely . " Should F1 be so unpredictable ? The Concorde Agreement is between Formula One 's governing body , the FIA , the sport 's rights holders and the Formula One Teams Association  FOTA  . High-profile teams Red Bull , for whom double world champion Sebastian Vettel drives , and iconic constructor Ferrari have recently withdrawn from FOTA , adding complications to the negotiation process . Mercedes were said to be seeking clarification of their part in F1 's future plans , insisting on a more prominent role than offered having been a part of the sport since the 1950s . The iconic Silver Arrow version of the Mercedes led the team to back-to-back championships in the 1950s and immortalized the car in motorsport 's history . And they were said to be threatening to withdraw from the sport altogether but Ecclestone 's revelation signals a breakthrough in discussions and an end in sight to a saga that had threatened to rumble on through the current season . "  I appreciate and support Mercedes probably more than anyone in F1 , " said Ecclestone . "  But the way it was done was on results and we could n't falsify the results because if we did other people would complain . " Ecclestone also suggested that reports of Formula One listing on the Singapore Stock Exchange might be premature . "  The market does n't look too bright after that little bit of a problem with Facebook , " said Ecclestone , referring to the social networking website 's recent public offering . "  So I think they are going to wait and see . "	Formula One chief Bernie Ecclestone tells CNN sport 's future has been secured Current deal , called Concorde Agreement , runs out at the end of the current season Ecclestone says all teams have agreed to an extended deal until 2020 Mercedes , who were said to be considering pulling out of sport , are also set to sign
ADDIS ABABA , Ethiopia  CNN  -- At age 19 , Yohannes Gebregeorgis borrowed a soft-cover romance novel entitled "  Love Kitten " that changed his life forever . "  I just wanted to come back to Ethiopia and help children have a future , have hope , " Yohannes Gebregeorgis says . Born in rural Ethiopia to an illiterate cattle merchant who insisted upon his son 's education , Gebregeorgis had seen a few books in school . But it was the experience of having a book of his own that sparked a lifelong commitment . Today , at 56 , Gebregeorgis is establishing libraries and literacy programs to connect Ethiopian children with books . "  Most Ethiopian children have only access to textbooks in the classroom , " says Gebregeorgis . "  Books children read outside of school , those are the spices of education . " It was n't until he became a children 's librarian in the United States that he realized what the children of his native home were missing . Forced to flee Ethiopia to the United States as a political refugee in 1981 , Gebregeorgis ultimately put himself through university , obtaining a graduate degree in library science . He relocated to the Bay Area , taking a post at the San Francisco Children 's Library in 1985 . There , he met "  The Little Engine That Could , " "  Captain Ahab " and "  Peter Pan . " He realized the impact children 's books could make on a child 's sense of wonder and vision . "  Children could imagine everything from books -- connections to other cultures , to other people , to other children , and to the universe at large , " recalls Gebregeorgis . "  It gives them hope . It gives them pleasure . It gives them everything that they can not otherwise get in regular textbooks . " But Gebregeorgis found that , among the brilliantly illustrated books in 70 languages , there were none in Amharic , the primary language of Ethiopia , and none representing the places and characters of Ethiopian lore . When the library allocated $ 1,200 for the purchase of Ethiopian books the following year , Gebregeorgis was unable to find any , because of prohibitive publishing , purchasing and importing costs in his home country . So he wrote one . "  Silly Mammo " was the first bilingual Amharic-English children 's book , and it led Gebregeorgis to establish Ethiopia Reads in 1988 . Using proceeds from book sales and grassroots book-a-thons , the nonprofit financed his efforts to bring children 's libraries to Ethiopia . In 2002 , Gebregeorgis left his job and his home and returned to Ethiopia with 15,000 books donated by the San Francisco Children 's Library . With them , he opened the Shola Children 's Library on the first floor of his Addis Ababa home . Watch Gebregeorgis explain how his home became more than just a children 's library " Young readers quickly overwhelmed the three-room home , requiring the addition of two large tents to provide shade for hundreds at a time . "  I just wanted to come back to Ethiopia and help children have a future , have hope , " says Gebregeorgis . Watch how Gebregeorgis is connecting children with storybooks in Ethiopia " Today , Ethiopia Reads is doing just that . In addition to the original library , the organization established the Awassa Reading Center and Ethiopia 's first Donkey Mobile Library . Inspired by a similar concept he 'd seen in Zimbabwe , Gebregeorgis customized a donkey-pulled trailer-cart that now makes weekly visits to rural villages around Awassa . Watch Gebregeorgis and a young reader talk about the four-legged library " Reading storybooks to children who have no access to television or computers , Gebregeorgis believes that literacy and education will emancipate his impoverished land , gripped by HIV/AIDS . Ethiopia Reads recently held its fifth annual Ethiopia Children 's Book Week . In 2007 , the group offered nearly 94,000 children access to its libraries in Addis Ababa , Awassa and on shady clearings along the Ethiopian countryside . "  With literate children there is no limit as to how much we can do . "	Yohannes Gebregeorgis fled Ethiopia for U.S. as political refugee in 1981 As librarian , he found there were no children 's books in Ethiopia 's main language After writing one himself , he set up the nonprofit Ethiopia Reads and moved home
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- The "  humanitarian situation remains serious " in Zimbabwe amid cholera , starvation and a continuing economic crisis , a United Nations official said Wednesday at a World Humanitarian Day ceremony in Harare . The cholera epidemic in Zimbabwe resulted in nearly 100,000 cases , 4,288 of them fatal , the U.N. said . "  Although Zimbabwe is not facing armed conflict , humanitarian threats such as food shortages and outbreak of diseases such as cholera pose a significant challenge , " said Agostinho Zacarias , U.N. Development Programme representative in the country . "  The recent -LSB- cholera -RSB- epidemic resulted in 98,592 cumulative cases , including 4,288 deaths between August 2008 and July 2009 . " Cholera thrives in areas without clean water and proper sanitation , and the United Nations has said 6 million people in Zimbabwe -- more than half the population -- have limited or no access to safe water and sanitation in rural and urban areas . It also estimates more than 5 million in the nation face starvation . Although the cholera epidemic was declared under control last month , a renewed outbreak is likely , international health officials have said . Zimbabwe 's humanitarian situation was worsened by its economic collapse last year . The nation 's coalition government , formed six months ago by former political enemies President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , is seeking more than $ 8 billion to aid its recovery . A U.N. appeal launched earlier this year has so far raised only 44 percent of its goal of $ 718 million for humanitarian assistance . But Rueben Marumahoko , a Zimbabwe junior minister and an appointee of Mugabe , said the country is no longer in crisis . "  There is need for Zimbabwe to move from the humanitarian support stage to the recovery stage , " he said . "  Zimbabwe is no longer a country in crisis but a country in recovery . " The comment drew laughter from many journalists covering the event . Among the nation 's problems is a strike by doctors that is almost a month old . The doctors are demanding housing and car allowances and a monthly salary of $ 1,000 -LSB- U.S. -RSB- -- a sharp rise from the current $ 170 a month paid to all public servants . Nurses joined the strike this week , saying that doctors have a genuine case that needs urgent attention . The action is threatening the country 's ability to deal with H1N1 influenza , also known as swine flu , and to prepare for the possible resurgence of the cholera epidemic .	U.N. : More than 5 million Zimbabweans face starvation More than half of the population has limited or no access to safe water , U.N. has said U.N. appeal for Zimbabwe assistance only 44 percent toward goal Government 's insistence that nation is "  in recovery " draws laughter from journalists
CNN  -- Tim Russert , who became one of America 's leading political journalists as the host of NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " died Friday , the network said . He was 58 . Tim Russert established himself as the face of NBC 's political journalism as host of "  Meet the Press . " The network said the award-winning journalist collapsed at work Friday . He was taken to Washington 's Sibley Memorial Hospital , where he died , the hospital confirmed . Colleague and former NBC anchor Tom Brokaw broke the news on the network Friday shortly after 3:40 p.m. Russert had just returned from a family vacation in Italy with his wife , journalist Maureen Orth , and son , Luke , to celebrate his graduation from Boston College , Brokaw said . "  I think I can invoke personal privilege and say this news division will not be the same without his strong , clear voice , " Brokaw said Friday . "  He will be missed as he was loved -- greatly . " Watch Brokaw break the news " Friends and colleagues remembered Russert on Friday not only as one of the country 's most respected and influential political journalists , but also as a friend , a devout Catholic and an avid sports fan , especially when it came to his home team , the Buffalo Bills . Watch politicians , journalists pay homage to Russert " "  I just loved the guy . He had this enthusiasm about all of the things that life brings to you , " said James Carville , who often attended Washington National games with Russert . "  My wife and I are in a complete state of utter shock . " Watch as Carville describes his friendship with Russert " Russert was born May 7 , 1950 , in Buffalo , New York . His parents were Timothy John Russert Sr. , or "  Big Russ , " a newspaper truck driver and sanitation worker , and Elizabeth Russert . Buffalo Mayor Byron W. Brown ordered that all flags on city property be lowered immediately to half-staff in Russert 's honor . He was a graduate of Canisius High School , John Carroll University and the Cleveland-Marshall College of Law . He was a member of the bar in New York and the District of Columbia , according to a biography on CNBC.com Before joining NBC , Russert served as press secretary for former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo and as chief of staff to Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan . Russert joined the network in 1984 and quickly established himself as the face of the network 's political coverage , eventually becoming senior vice president and Washington bureau chief of NBC news . His career at NBC was marked by a number of milestones . In 1985 , Russert supervised live broadcasts of the "  Today " show from Rome , Italy , negotiating an appearance by Pope John Paul II -- a first for American television . He was also the recipient of numerous awards for his work , including an Emmy in 2005 for his coverage of the funeral of President Ronald Reagan . His rise to prominence coincided with his success as the best-selling author of two books , 2004 's "  Big Russ and Me " and 2006 's "  Wisdom of Our Fathers , " which documented his journey from blue-collar beginnings to law school to Washington powerhouse . Watch Russert talk about lessons he learned from his father on CNN 's Larry King Live " The memoirs , both of which were New York Times best sellers , transformed the award-winning journalist into the son of Big Russ , a Buffalo Bills fanatic , and finally , a husband and father . Watch Russert talk about his son 's first tattoo " "  Tim was a true child of Buffalo and the blue-collar roots from which he was raised , " Brokaw said Friday . "  For all his success , he was always in touch with the ethos of that community . " Russert credited his upbringing with helping him keep his ego in check as he became the man who interviewed presidents and important politicians of the day . iReport.com : Send your memories of Russert "  If you come from Buffalo , everything else is easy . Walking backwards to school , for a mile in the snow , grounds you for life , " Russert told the Washington Post 's Howard Kurtz in 2004 . "  Plus , if you have a family the way I do , it 's a daily reality check . " Russert , who also served as a political analyst for cable network MSNBC , took the helm of "  Meet the Press " in 1991 , turning the long-running Sunday-morning interview program into the most-watched show of its kind in the United States . During his 17-year run as the host of "  Meet the Press , " the longest of any host in the show 's 60-year history , Russert earned the respect and admiration of many journalists and politicians . "  He was an institution in both news and politics for more than two decades . Tim was a tough and hardworking newsman . He was always well-informed and thorough in his interviews . And he was as gregarious off the set as he was prepared on it , " President Bush said Friday . His professionalism earned him many accolades . The Washingtonian Magazine once dubbed Russert the best and most influential journalist in Washington , describing "  Meet the Press " as "  the most interesting and important hour on television . " In 2008 , TIME magazine named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world . Brokaw described Russert as a political junkie who threw himself into his work during this year 's presidential contest . "  This was one of the most important years of Tim 's life for many reasons , " Brokaw said . "  He loved this political campaign . He worked himself to the point of exhaustion many weeks . "	Veteran journalist collapses at work , according to NBC Russert best known as host of NBC 's "  Meet the Press " Russert just returned from trip to Italy with family Mayor of Buffalo , New York , orders flags to fly at half-staff
South Sudan 's fractious leadership , mass killings and ethnic violence contributed to its No. 1 position on the list of the world 's most fragile nations , said Fund For Peace , a Washington-based nonprofit that compiles the annual list . However , the United States -- which ranked 159 on the overall list of 178 countries , followed by France and the United Kingdom in a subcategory of "  very stable " countries -- was among the countries that have worsened the most over the past year , a new report says . The index is based on 12 social , economic and political indicators , including demographic pressures , poverty and economic decline , human rights and political impasse . Until this year , the nonprofit referred to it as the list of failed states . Somalia had led the list for six years . Somalia 's fall to second place is due to its "  trajectory of improvement , " despite lawlessness , terrorism and ineffective government , the group said . Other countries in the top 10 are the Central African Republic , Democratic Republic of Congo , Sudan , Chad , Afghanistan , Yemen , Haiti and Pakistan . Syria was not left out : Its yearslong civil war placed it at No. 15 . Iran leads in improvement The list had some surprises as well . Iran led a pack of most-improved nations , with the report saying it had stabilized somewhat "  after recent political and social turmoil . " The most-improved group included a cluster of countries with tense relations with the United States -- "  quite coincidentally , " according to the report 's authors -- including Zimbabwe , Cuba , Bolivia and China . U.S. on list of worsening countries Some developed nations picked up dubious honors , too . France was listed as the seventh-most-worsened country this year , "  largely as a result of a political and economic malaise , " the group said . It said the United States tied with Singapore and Thailand for eighth-most-worsened country . The top nation on that list was the Central African Republic , which is deep in a conflict involving widespread atrocities . ` Not exclusive to developing countries ' The U.S. made the list for various reasons , including the lack of bipartisanship in Congress and the partial government shutdown last year , the group said . "  The recent worsening of the United States , France , and Singapore also shows us that instability is not exclusive to developing countries , " the group said . The three nonetheless remain near the bottom of the overall fragility rankings , in a group of nations classified as "  very stable . " South Sudan chaos South Sudan split from Sudan in 2011 , making it the world 's youngest nation . But excitement over its independence did not last long . Fighting erupted in December after President Salva Kiir accused Vice President Riek Machar of plotting a coup . Hundreds of thousands of people have fled their homes as forces loyal to both leaders battle it out . The list covers the past year and excludes a handful of countries with inadequate data . It uses indicators such as the economy , declining public services and growing refugee problems . Sudanese Christian woman faces 2 new charges South Sudan quashes coup attempt , President says	A U.S. nonprofit group says South Sudan displaces Somalia as most fragile nation It cites the young country 's fractious leadership , mass killings and ethnic violence The United States is among the 10 nations that have deteriorated the most , the group says Iran leads the list of countries that improved the most over the past year
Editor 's note : Uwe Reinhardt is James Madison professor of political economy at Princeton University 's Woodrow Wilson School . From 1986 to 1995 he served as a commissioner on the Physician Payment Review Committee , established in 1986 by Congress to advise it on issues related to the payment of physicians . Uwe Reinhardt says health costs are rising at unsustainable pace , gobbling up middle-class incomes . CNN  -- Watching the angry outbursts at town hall meetings on health reform and the continuing public ambivalence about current efforts to reform our health system almost makes me wish that the reform effort fails . Perhaps Americans need to be taught a basic lesson on the economics of employment-based health insurance before they will feel as smugly secure with it as they do now and before they will stop nitpicking health-reform efforts to death over this or that detail . And America 's currently insured middle class will be increasingly desperate if health reform fails . Millions more such families will see their take-home pay shrink . Millions will lose their employment-based insurance , especially in medium and small-sized firms . And millions will find themselves inexorably priced out of health care as we know it . Milliman Inc. , an employee benefits consulting firm , publishes annually its Milliman Medical Index on the total health spending by or for a typical American family of four with private health insurance . The index totals the family 's out-of-pocket spending for health care plus the contribution employers and employees make to that family 's job-related health insurance coverage . The Milliman Medical Index stood at $ 8,414 in 2001 . It had risen to $ 16,700 by 2009 . It is likely to rise to $ 18,000 by next year . That is more than a doubling of costs in the span of a decade ! Since 2005 , the index has grown at an average annual compound rate of 8.4 percent . Suppose we make it 8 percent for the coming decade . Then today 's $ 16,700 will have grown to slightly over $ 36,000 by 2019 . Economists are convinced that this $ 36,000 would come virtually all out of the financial hides of employees , even if the employer pretended to be paying , say , 80 percent of the employment-based health insurance premiums . In the succinct words of the late United Automobile Worker Union leader Douglas Fraser : "  Before you start weeping for the auto companies and all they pay for medical insurance , let me tell you how the system works . All company bargainers worth their salt keep their eye on the total labor unit cost , and when they pay an admittedly horrendous amount for health care , that 's money that ca n't be spent for higher -LSB- cash -RSB- wages or higher pensions or other fringe benefits . So we directly , the union and its members , feel the costs of the health care system . "  "  A National Health Policy Debate , " Dartmouth Medical School Alumni Magazine , Summer 1989 : 30 Unfortunately , very few rank-and-file workers appreciate this fact . Aside from their still modest out-of-pocket payments and contributions to employment-based insurance premiums , most employees seem sincerely to believe that the bulk of their family 's health care is basically paid for by "  the company , " which is why so few members of the middle class have ever been much interested in controlling health spending in this country . The price for that indifference will be high . If efforts at better cost containment fail once again , and health care costs rise to $ 36,000 on average for a typical American family of four under age 65 -- as almost surely it would -- that $ 36,000 will be borne entirely by the family . That family 's disposable income would be much higher if the growth of future health spending was better controlled . And , as noted , many smaller firms will stop altogether providing job-based health insurance . It would be a major problem for families with an income of less than $ 100,000 a year . In 2007 , only about 25 percent of American families had a money income of $ 100,000 or more . Close to 60 percent had family incomes of less than $ 75,000 . Here it must be remembered that the wages and salaries of the solid American middle class have been relatively stagnant in recent years and are likely to remain so for the next decade . Unemployment is not likely to fall significantly soon , regardless of what stock prices do on Wall Street . Indeed , often stock prices rise as firms lay off workers to drive up profits through leaner payrolls . This prospect -- relatively stagnant family incomes combined with family health-care costs that double every decade -- is what America 's middle class should contemplate as it thinks about the imperative of health reform . It is a pity that this central issue seems to have been shoved aside by mendacious distortions from Sarah Palin , Betsy McCaughey , Rush Limbaugh and other extremist commentators seeking to frighten Americans with their prattle about "  death panels " and "  pulling plugs on granny " that no bill before Congress even remotely envisions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Uwe Reinhardt .	Uwe Reinhardt : Consider what will happen if health reform fails He says health costs have already doubled in a decade Reinhardt says dollars spent on health care come out of wages for middle class
CNN  -- Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter met Sunday in Damascus , Syria , with Khaled Meshaal , the exiled leader of Hamas ' political wing , a Hamas official said . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , left , walks with Jimmy Carter north of Damascus on Sunday , December 14 . The five-hour meeting ended late Sunday and covered several issues , including Cpl. Gilad Shalit -- an Israeli soldier held captive by Hamas since June 2006 , the official said . Carter previously met with Meshaal in April . In that meeting , the Hamas leader promised Carter that the group would allow Shalit to send a message to his parents , Noam and Aviva . Carter also asked Hamas to release Shalit , Meshaal said after the former president 's visit , but the request was rejected . Watch report on Carter 's meeting " Hamas said Sunday it will soon release a statement about the latest meeting between Carter and Meshaal . Carter 's series of meetings with top Hamas officials in April garnered condemnation from the U.S. and Israeli governments . They criticized him for engaging in diplomacy with a group that both governments consider a terrorist organization . How the incoming Obama administration will receive Carter 's meetings with Hamas remains to be seen . During his visit in Syria , Carter also visited the Saint Taqla convent in the city of Maalula , north of Damascus , with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . CNN 's Cal Perry contributed to this report in Beirut , Lebanon .	Hamas says five-hour meeting ends late Sunday in Damascus , Syria 's capital Carter 's appeal for release of Israeli solider captured in 2006 is rejected U.S. , Israeli governments criticized previous meetings between Carter , Hamas
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Friday she is "  praying " that President Bush has a change of heart and does not veto a bipartisan children 's health insurance bill that he has labeled an unwarranted expansion of government-run health insurance . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi applauds after signing the State Children 's Health Insurance legislation Friday . "  The tide is going a different way than a presidential veto would reflect , " Pelosi , a California Democrat , said . "  It was with great friendship that I reached out to the president this morning to say that I was still praying that he would have a change of heart and sign this legislation . " "  I think I have to pray a little harder , but I will not give up , " Pelosi said . Pelosi 's comments came a day after the Senate voted 67-29 for the measure , which would expand the State Children 's Health Insurance program by up to 4 million children . White House spokeswoman Dana Perino on Friday said Bush still intends to veto the bill when it arrives at his desk . Perino also said the disagreement between Congress and the White House was a simple policy difference , not "  about who cares about children more than the other . " "  The president is saying , ` Let 's take care of the neediest children first , let 's not put scarce federal dollars toward a program that was meant for the poorest children and let it creep up to middle-income families with incomes up to $ 83,000 a year , ' " Perino said . Bush and many Republicans contend that the program 's original intent -- to give parents who make too much to qualify for Medicaid but not enough to buy private insurance coverage for their children -- would be changed under the current bill , prompting parents to wind up dropping private coverage their children already have to get cheaper coverage under the bill . Perino also objected that the rhetoric surrounding the SCHIP bill has become too heated . "  I think it is preposterous for people to suggest the president of the United States does n't care about children , that he wants children to suffer , " Perino said . The bill enjoys bipartisan support . Eighteen Republican senators Thursday night joined all the Democrats in voting for expanding the popular program from its current annual budget of $ 5 billion to $ 12 billion for the next five years . Four senators -- Republicans John McCain of Arizona and Sam Brownback of Kansas and Democrats Joseph Biden of Delaware and Barack Obama of Illinois -- did not vote . With the current program scheduled to expire Saturday , the White House encouraged Congress to send the president a continuing resolution extending the program . "  We should take this time to arrive at a more rational , bipartisan SCHIP reauthorization bill that focuses on children in poor families who do n't currently have insurance , rather than raising taxes to cover people who already have private insurance , " Perino added . Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah was among those Republicans who split from the president . "  It 's very difficult for me to be against a man I care so much for , " he told his colleagues on the Senate floor prior to the vote . "  It 's unfortunate that the president has chosen to be on what , to me , is clearly the wrong side of this issue . " Though 67 votes in the 100-person chamber would suffice to overturn a veto , the House version , which was approved Tuesday , fell short of the two-thirds majority needed to override a veto . E-mail to a friend	House Speaker Pelosi "  praying " that president has change of heart on bill Measure expanding kids ' health insurance program passed Senate Bush objects to measure expanding coverage beyond just poor children White House says expansion would cover children from middle-class families
Minot , North Dakota  CNN  -- Waters rushed into an overflowing lake near Minot , North Dakota , faster and in greater amounts than expected Thursday , officials said , exacerbating the region 's flood concerns . But Minot Mayor Curt Zimbelman said Thursday that no new evacuations had been ordered , even though "  the flows coming into Lake Darling are reaching the lake quicker and at a greater volume than predicted . " "  Due to this , Lake Darling has increased its outflow , " the mayor added -- increasing flooding in the flood-plain , though not to a point that it yet changes the "  inundation zone . " Evacuations stand at about 12,000 , according to Minot Fire Department Capt. Dean Lenertz . The mayor of Minot and the state 's governor congratulated citizens on an organized and efficient evacuation thus far , with Gov. Jack Dalrymple saying it had "  gone extremely well . " Sirens sounded in Minot early Wednesday afternoon , urging residents to abandon their homes in the face of major flooding . Water is already overtopping the city 's dikes , which are leaking in some places . Populated areas are seeing a couple inches of water on the ground at this time , and there is significant concern about dikes eroding , Lenertz said . Dalrymple said that "  all agencies are engaged " statewide in addressing the issue . He noted , for example , that workers with North Dakota 's transportation department are moving 100,000 sandbags from Bismarck to the Minot area , and there are about 500 National Guard personnel on site . The National Weather Service predicted record flooding as heavy rains and dam releases cause the river to swell at Minot . The Souris River is expected to crest on Monday , two to three days earlier than had been forecast . Zimbelman said the river is expected to rise to a level five feet higher than any previously recorded . Minot got some support from a hometown hero who was halfway around the world . Actor Josh Duhamel , in Moscow for the "  Transformers : Dark of the Moon " premiere , asked for donations to the local Red Cross . "  My heart goes out to all the incredible people of Minot & surrounding areas , " Duhamel said on his Twitter account . The Souris River , which locals call "  The Mouse " after the French translation of its name , flows through the center of town , and there are several homes and businesses along its low-lying banks . Fearing the main levees would not hold back the water , emergency workers have been constructing local levees around a school and the Broadway Street Bridge , a main thoroughfare . At least one of those had to be pushed back Thursday , said Zimbelman , eliminating Third street as a north-south access point through the city . Residents appear to be heeding evacuation warnings . The evacuations zones are "  pretty bare , " Lenertz said . In a sign they 're taking the flooding seriously , some residents were pulling up carpets because they are easier to remove now than after their homes have been inundated with water . Not everyone , however , was planning to evacuate . Troy Erickson , 44 , lives across the street from the perimeter of the evacuation zone and said he plans to ride out the flood . His neighbor has a bucket loader and they have distributed several loads of sand and gravel around four houses , which are home to 13 people , he said . They have "  lowered a couple hundred sandbags " on top of the mixture , he said . "  We 've got more sandbags coming to have just in case we need to build it higher , " said Erickson , a lifelong North Dakotan . "  It if happens , it happens . " He said he is "  a little bit " frightened because he 's never been in this situation , though he was a toddler during the flood of 1969 . At the nearby Minot Air Force Base , about 1,000 members of the military and their families have been displaced by the rising waters in the city , according to Capt. Genieve David , a base spokeswoman . An emergency shelter has been set up on the base , with 50 people staying their overnight , the mayor said . An additional 221 people stayed at shelters run by the Red Cross . Minot , in the north central part of the state , is the fourth-largest city in North Dakota . The evacuation order covers a third of its population , Fong said . The river at Minot , which stood 1,555.6 feet above sea level early Thursday , is forecast to top the 1881 record of 1,558 feet early Friday and peak at 1562.5 feet early Monday . The Souris River looks like a "  U. " It swoops in and out of North Dakota from Canada . CNN 's Jim Spellman , Ed Payne , Marlena Baldacci and Alta Spells contributed to this report .	NEW : Water levels also are greater than expected , Minot mayor says NEW : No new evacuations beyond the 12,000 who were asked to leave City mayor and state governor congratulate residents on smooth evacuation
Open , expansive postures reflect and signal power  picture Wonder Woman  . They are expressed by individuals who already feel powerful . Powerless people do the opposite -- contracting , hunching , and making themselves smaller . When it comes to power , the mind shapes the body , a finding supported by extensive peer-reviewed science . This , to most of us , is not so surprising . But what is surprising , when it comes to power , is that the body also shapes the mind . Dana Carney  UC-Berkeley  and I , both experimental social psychologists , have conducted research showing that adopting these postures -- "  power posing " -- actually causes people to become more powerful : After sitting or standing , alone in a room , in a high-power pose for just two minutes , participants in our experiments resembled powerful people -- emotionally , cognitively , behaviorally , and even physiologically . They felt more powerful , were more willing to take risks , presented their ideas with greater confidence and enthusiasm , performed better in demanding situations , and experienced significant increases in testosterone -- a hormone linked to assertiveness -- and significant decreases in cortisol -- a hormone linked to stress . In other words -- two minutes of preparatory power posing optimizes the brain to function well in high-stakes challenges . Watch Amy Cuddy 's TED Talk When I launched this program of research , I was not motivated to turn Gordon Gekkos into Gordon Gekkos-on-steroids . But I can understand how , noticing that I 'm a professor at a competitive business school and that I use terms like "  power " and "  posing , " some people might have assumed that I was . In all honesty , my goal -- inspired in part by observing students who were struggling to engage in class discussions and in part by the feelings of powerlessness I 'd experienced earlier in my own life  i.e. , yes , it was part "  mesearch "  -- was to discover scientifically grounded ways to help relatively powerless people harness some of the healthy psychological benefits that relatively powerful people often enjoy . I aspired to embolden the people suffering from what psychologists call "  imposter syndrome " -- the experience of hearing that relentless , looping voice in your head that says , "  I do n't deserve to be here , I do n't deserve to be here " -- which can be thoroughly disempowering . TED.com : Listening to shame I wanted to equip people with tools that would help them feel stronger and more confident , less stressed and fearful , and better able to bring their full , spirited selves to high-stakes , stressful situations -- like job interviews or speaking in class . Preparatory power posing is taking a few minutes before walking into a stressful interaction or situation to open up , occupy more space , and make yourself big . Stand with your feet apart and your hands on your hips , or with your arms reaching up in a ` V. ' Or sit with your legs in front of you , feet propped up on desk or a table , leaning back , with your hands on the back of your head , fingers interlaced , and elbows pointing out . Try power poses in the elevator , a bathroom stall , the stairwell ... wherever you can find two minutes of privacy . Who benefits from this , and how can those people use it in constructive ways ? In the month since my TEDTalk was posted , I 've received messages from thousands of people around the world describing to me how they 've successfully used power posing to confront or overcome a challenge . I must admit , I never could have imagined the diverse range of contexts in which people are using it . I wish I had the space to tell you about all of them . Let me at least offer a sample : people recovering from grave illnesses , injuries , and losses , unemployed people who have been job-hunting for months or years , young women struggling to get a foothold or to succeed in traditionally male-dominated professions , people trying to survive or leave abusive relationships , singers/actors/dancers preparing for auditions or performances , older adults and nontraditional students working up the courage to return to or to fully engage in their education , dedicated athletes training for highly competitive events , and teachers and parents of bullied children who -- every day -- have to confront their bullies . In short , I have heard from women and men , girls and boys , of all ages and races , and from nearly every corner of the world , who have encountered some kind of adversity , have been nagged by that voice telling them they do n't belong , and who have been searching for ways to successfully tackle their specific challenges and to prosper . TED.com : Embracing otherness As a researcher , I 'm moved beyond words by these strangers ' willingness to share such personal stories of vulnerability , and I 'm humbled and astounded to see how this research has resonated with people outside my science . One person wrote , "  I learned that making progress in life is not a continuous function but rather a bunch of leaps of faith one needs to take in oneself . You need to do what you think is impossible and realize that people who already are doing that , are just like you . " Another wrote , "  I 'm a first generation student and senior at -LSB- a large , top-tier university -RSB- , but I still feel I do n't belong here . I was about to withdraw from school this week . Your story inspired me to stay . You 'll never know how glad I am I found this video . " And this : "  I am a shy person , and I had a job interview this morning . I got there early and I went to the washroom and raised my arms for 2 minutes . It was like magic how confident and outgoing I became during the interview . I got the job . " What more could a social scientist ever hope for ? In short , the populations of people who can benefit from power posing extend far beyond business leaders and politicians . TED.com : How to spot a liar The word "  power " triggers a negative visceral twitch in many people . It 's a word that carries more than its fair share of baggage . But the kind of power I study -- intrapersonal power -- should not cause people to recoil , because it is neither zero-sum nor is it about interpersonal dominance . As Pulitzer Prize-winning author Robert Caro once wrote , "  Power does n't always corrupt . Power can cleanse . What I believe is always true about power is that power always reveals . " Power , ultimately , is not about faking or disguising ; it 's about revealing and bringing forth -- stripping away the fears and inhibitions that prevent people from being their truest , most energetic , vital selves . And , when people feel like their fullest selves -- they create , they connect , and they communicate . Why would we not want a world full of people who feel that way ? So I ask you to do two things . First , try this : Before you walk into a stressful situation or confront a difficult challenge , take two minutes to prepare by power posing in private . Second , please , share this science with people who truly and chronically lack resources , status , and formal power ; this is a free , no-tech life hack that has the "  power " to significantly change meaningful outcomes in their lives .	Amy Cuddy : People who use expansive postures feel more powerful as a result She says posing with your arms extended , taking up more space , affects your physiology Many who have tried "  power poses " say it has helped them navigate life , she says
CNN Student News  -- April 21 , 2014 Monday 's show is global in scope ; it includes reports on Easter celebrations around the world , strikes on suspected terrorists in Yemen , and an avalanche on the world 's tallest mountain . We also explore what it 's like to preserve part of Boston 's history , and we show you how a college student is making every penny count toward tuition . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What information would you include in a news report about trends in college costs ? Where would you get this information ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Christianity 2 . Mount Everest 3 . tuition Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is the world 's largest religion ? What holy day was celebrated by Christians around the world on Sunday ? What is the largest denomination of Christians ? Who is its leader and what was included in his Easter message ? 2 . What happened on Mount Everest last Friday ? Who are Sherpas ? Why do they do what they do ? Why do some people want to make this climb ? What challenges do climbers face ? 3 . What happened at the Boston Marathon one year ago ? How did the site of this tragedy become a memorial ? What are some of the items that were left there ? What is the job of the Boston City Archives ? How is its latest task different from other history it has helped to record ? 4 . What is tuition ? What did student Andrew Magbee use to make his final tuition payment ? How did he earn this money ? To whom was he trying to make a point ? What point was he trying to make ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that climbing Mount Everest symbolizes the ultimate achievement for some people ? Why do you think that people try to make the climb in spite of the risks ? Do you have a personal "  Mount Everest " ? Explain . What challenges exist to reaching your goal ? What support do you have to help you achieve that goal ? What do you do to help yourself reach it ? 2 . Have you ever seen a place become a memorial after a tragedy occurred there ? Explain . What kinds of items were left there ? Why do you think that people chose to leave these items ? How might a spontaneous memorial help families of victims as well as the community ? 3 . If you plan to go to college , do you ever think about how you will pay for your tuition and other expenses ? What did you think of Andrew Magbee 's story ? Did it make an impression on you ? Explain . What ideas do you have for paying your college costs ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
The big auto show in Detroit does n't kick off until next week , but major car companies are already showing off some of their more exciting car-tech prototypes here at the International Consumer Electronics Show . BMW and Audi unveiled their latest driverless car technology and conducted demonstration drives . Nevada is one of a few states where it 's legal to test drive autonomous cars , though it requires a person to sit in the driver 's seat at all times . BMW added its highly active assist technology to a modified 2 Series Coupe . The car can slide into a controlled drift to demonstrate how precise the control systems are and how it can handle a critical situation . The company has posted a video showing it in action . "  It 's like the best test driver you have , " said Dr. Werner Huber , BMW project manager driver . The car uses steering , breaking and throttle to control acceleration , deceleration and direction in very small , exact amounts . The demonstration is just one aspect of the technical building blocks required to make a self-driving car . There are also sensors , environmental modeling and decision and driving strategy technologies that BMW is working on . Those were not included on this particular test vehicle . Early automated-vehicle prototypes from car makers , universities and Google looked like Frankenstein experiments , covered in custom-hacked hardware . Now the technology is getting smaller and the necessary sensors and cameras are shrinking to barely noticeable sizes . Audi is particularly proud of decreasing the size of its computer systems , which previously filled the entire trunk of the car , into a box that 's mounted inside the glove compartment . The German car manufacturer demonstrated its Sport Quattro Laserlight concept car at CES . Audi 's real advancement this year is the compact zFAS car computer . In the future , the Nvidia powered system could be used for key automated-driving tasks like traffic sign recognition , lane departure warnings and pedestrian spotting . Size is n't the only technical challenge . Dependability is also incredibly important for a computer system driving a car . You ca n't reboot a vehicle while it 's hurtling down a highway at 60 mph . "  We ca n't have these systems crash , " said David Anderson , Nvidia 's senior automotive solutions architect . "  This is a safety critical application . " Making it legal Car makers agree that while there are many technical issues ahead , they may not be the most daunting obstacles self-driving cars face . Autonomous driving features are at least seven to 10 years away from becoming commercially available . The technology inside the cars is developing fast , but the auto industry will need at least that much time to sort out a tangle of non-hardware and software issues to clear the way for the cars . "  The main problems are regulations and laws , " said Audi 's Heribert Braeutigam . Various laws will have to be updated around the world to make it legal for automated cars to drive on the road . Car manufactures and suppliers are already forming working groups to address the topics and work with governments . "  We can only influence the technology . The framework work must be done by governments , " said Huber . Insurance and liability are particular tricky . If a car driving itself gets into an accident that results in damages or injuries , who is responsible ? The driver who was watching Netflix on a state-of-the-art car entertainment system , or the manufacturer that designed the car ? Researchers and makers of driverless cars say the technology will be far safer than people-driven vehicles because they eliminate unpredictable human errors like distracted or drunk driving , or poor reactions to emergency situations . However , the cars wo n't be accident proof . The first major accident involving the technology will be a huge public relations hurdle for the entire industry . Driverless cars ' people problem Inside the vehicle , the humans are the difficulty . "  The psychological aspects of automation are really a challenge , " Huber said . At first , cars will share driving responsibilities with their human owners . Companies are working on automated parking features or traffic assistance technology that will take over in specific scenarios under certain speed limit . There will be many times where the driver will have to actually drive , which means they will not be completely off the hook even during downtime . "  He 's not allowed to sleep , read a newspaper , or a use a laptop , " said Braeutigam , outlining some of the rules for a driver in a partially automated vehicle . The rules are to minimize the amount of time needed to turn a passive passenger into an alert driver who is in control of the car . That 's where the connected , in-car entertainment and information systems come in . They may seem like an unnecessary distraction or luxury , but they 're actually a key safety feature in the automated driving system . Car makers will want to limit drivers to only using in-car systems while not steering so the vehicle can get their attention when there 's an emergency or when they need to take over driving . An in-car system can pause movies , turn off e-mail and hide reading materials when it 's time to drive . If the driver does n't respond , it might sound alarms and blink lights , eventually turning on the hazards and slowing to a complete stop . "  We need five to 10 seconds to pull him back into driving , " Huber said . During that time , the car must be able to operate autonomously . Will the public want them ? There 's also the small matter of selling the public on automated driving . For people who love the act of driving , taking a powerful car like a BMW 2 Series Coupe and turning the action over to an automated system might seem like a waste . "  We have to interpret the driving fun in a new way , " Huber said . That means bringing content and activities to the car so that the driver can make better use of his or her 30 minutes in traffic . They 'll still be able to take over during the fun parts , zipping down a curvy country road . Privacy will be another big concern . The various sensors and in-car systems can collect data about driving patterns and locations and save that data in the cloud . The idea is to use this information to assist the driver , say updating a car 's route based on real-time mapping information . A recent report to Congress said in-car services that currently collect location data on drivers do n't always follow recommenced privacy practices . Many companies , like car makers or GPS services , share collected data with third-parties , though the report did n't find any selling the information to data brokers . The report recommended the government do more to protect drivers ' privacy . Information collection will become more prevalent in the future . Eventually , car makers hope to open up the lines of communications between individual cars on the road to better avoid traffic jams and prevent accidents . That technology is even farther off than automated driving , since car manufacturers need to come together to agree on protocols and frequencies . As cars pile on more advanced automated technology , it becomes clear they fit into the Consumer Electronics Show as much as the typical car show . They are moving beyond just being cars . "  The car is becoming a driving robot , a moving robot , " Huber said .	BMW and Audi demonstrated autonomous driving vehicles at CES in Las Vegas Self-driving cars face a number of technical , legal and human challenges The technology could appear on the roads in seven to 10 years
CNN  -- The fertilizer blamed for the massive explosion that devastated a Texas town in April was kept in wooden bins , in a wooden building , with no sprinklers nearby . And that fell within the existing safety rules for handling ammonium nitrate , a "  patchwork " of regulations , recommendations and guidance "  that has many large holes , " the head of the U.S. Chemical Safety Board told a Senate committee Thursday . The federal agency has n't found any regulations "  that prohibit or discourage many of the factors that likely contributed " to the April 17 explosion in West , Texas , the board 's chairman , Rafael Moure-Eraso , told the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee . A fire at the West Fertilizer Company led to an ammonium nitrate explosion that devastated the small town south of Dallas and killed 15 people , most of them firefighters and paramedics . The blast showed up on seismographs as a small earthquake and flattened or damaged dozens of homes , two schools and a nursing home nearby . "  Facilities like West fall outside the existing process safety standards , which were developed in the 1990s , " Moure-Eraso said . Sprinklers are n't required until a company is storing 2,500 tons of ammonium nitrate , he said . And while industry groups have recommended fire safety standards , Texas has no statewide fire codes and most of its counties ca n't adopt their own . "  So at West , these fire code provisions were strictly voluntary , and West Fertilizer had not volunteered , " he said . Ammonium nitrate is a widely used fertilizer with a notorious reputation as an explosive . The bomb used to blow up the federal building in Oklahoma City in 1995 , killing 168 people , was made mostly ammonium nitrate . Moure-Eraso said the Chemical Safety Board urged the Environmental Protection Agency in 2002 to require non-combustible storage bins for reactive chemicals like ammonium nitrate , but the EPA has n't done that . The committee 's chairwoman , California Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer , said she will be pressuring the EPA to enact those rules . "  That was a very prescient call , and it did n't happen , " Boxer told Barry Breen , the head of the EPA 's emergency response arm . The EPA 's current guidance for handling ammonium ntirate dates back to 1997 , "  and I feel that EPA has to step up to the plate here and do a lot more . " Breen said that guidance "  is posted on our website now and continues to be vital . " And he told Boxer the EPA is studying "  a number of potential policy options " in response to the West disaster , but he would n't say when those steps would be taken . "  In order to establish that time frame , we need to understand that issue better , and that 's what we 're doing now , " he said . West Fertilizer was covered under federal workplace safety rules for handling ammonium nitrate , Sam Mannan , a chemical engineering professor at Texas A&M University , told the committee . If they had followed those rules , "  My guess is the probability of this incident would have been almost none , " he said . But the last time the Occupational Safety and Health Administration inspected West Fertilizer was in 1985 , when it fined the company $ 30 over its handling of anhydrous ammonia , another fertilizer it sold . "  Until we come up with a regime where we are doing the enforcement comprehensively , in a manner that yields good results , we 're not going to accomplish anything . We just add another legislation that does n't get enforced , " Mannan said . With a budget of $ 10.6 million and a current staff of 42 , the Chemical Safety Board investigates chemical accidents and makes recommendations to prevent future ones . The board is also investigating the June 13 explosion at a chemical plant in Geismar , Louisiana , that killed two people and injured more than 100 . The agency has a lengthy backlog of cases and "  no capacity at this point to undertake any new investigative work , " he said . West Fertilizer had been cited by federal regulators twice in the seven years before the blast , including a $ 5,250 fine for storing anhydrous ammonia in tanks that lacked the proper warning labels . Since the explosion , Texas officials have announced plans for an online database that will allow residents to view local facilities that hold hazardous materials . Meanwhile , the town has sued the company that sold ammonium nitrate to West Fertilizer , arguing it "  blindly " supplied the chemical to a firm that did n't handle it properly .	West Fertilizer did n't have to have fireproof bins or sprinklers , investigator says The plant blew up in April , killing 15 and devastating a small Texas town Senator presses the EPA to do more ; EPA says it 's studying the issue
CNN  -- Who can ever forget the electrifying series of presidential debates in which Lyndon B. Johnson , outlining his Great Society program , went head-to-head in 1964 with Republican nominee Barry Goldwater , who boldly stood his ground on rock-solid , small-government ideals ? Or the 1968 debates that America could n't take its eyes off : Richard Nixon , trying once again to make it to the White House , toe to toe with Vice President Hubert Humphrey in what was shaping up to be a close election with starkly different platforms . The 1972 presidential debates , of course -- Nixon , who was by then the incumbent , trading verbal body slams with his Democratic challenger , George McGovern , against the backdrop of the Vietnam war -- were like a professional wrestling grudge match , with each excited camp of viewers at home pulling for its man to triumph . What ? You say you do n't remember those debates ? You 're right . They did n't happen . It 's an intriguing footnote to modern political history . Televised presidential debates -- the first one of this year 's general election will be held in Denver , Colorado on Wednesday -- have become so much a part of the fabric of autumn campaigns that many people assume that the famed John F. Kennedy-Richard Nixon debates of 1960 began an uninterrupted string . But in fact , after the four Kennedy-Nixon debates , it would be 16 years before there was another debate between a Republican and Democratic candidate . Brazile : Why debates do n't always make a difference Kennedy-Nixon , for a long stretch , was the anomaly -- the exception to the rule . Before their debates , no presidential candidates in a general election had debated on radio or television . There had been intraparty , primary-season debates but never one after the end of the summer conventions . It is part of political lore that , because of Nixon 's pale , perspiring look in the first of those 1960 debates , he suffered in comparison with the tan , confident Kennedy , and the TV cameras did him in . Key to the shorthand narrative is that Nixon , not fully understanding the relatively new medium of television , declined to wear makeup . But there 's more to the story than that . Largely forgotten is that Nixon had been hospitalized for two weeks in August , when he had hoped to be out campaigning . He had banged his knee getting out of a car at an event in North Carolina and had developed a serious infection . So , while Kennedy was introducing himself to voters around the country , Nixon was in a hospital bed -- and the newsreel footage of him , in his pajamas , being visited by President Dwight D. Eisenhower did not play well against film of the healthy-looking , vibrant Kennedy working election-season crowds . By the time Nixon left the hospital , he was in a weakened state . He had the flu and a fever when he arrived in Chicago for that first debate , and had lost considerable weight . He allowed his assistants to apply a drugstore-aisle product called Lazy-Shave to tone down his 5 o'clock shadow , but his ashen appearance , and the perspiration , were as much a consequence of his health problems as anything else . He lost , and in 1964 , with Goldwater as the Republican candidate , President Johnson , who had taken office after the assassination of Kennedy , decided that there was no reason for him to debate . Johnson was well ahead in the polls ; he was said to feel that a debate could not help him much but could certainly hurt him , if he did not do well . He sent word that he was not open to participating . Rosen : How Obama can win debate There was another factor arguing against presidential debates in the 16 years after Kennedy-Nixon : the Federal Communications Commission 's equal-time provision , which mandated the inclusion of all candidates -- fringe ones as well as the nominees of the major parties .  It had been suspended for a year in 1960 , when Kennedy and Nixon debated  . So the major candidates could use that as an out , if they preferred not to debate . In 1968 Humphrey wanted to debate Nixon , but Nixon -- still stung by 1960 -- said no . And in 1972 , when Nixon was the incumbent and far ahead in the polls , he barely deigned to say McGovern 's name during the fall campaign , much less debate him . By 1976 a way around the equal-time rule was found : If debates were sponsored not by television networks but by outside groups setting their own criteria , they could be considered news events and thus not required to include minor-party candidates . That year , President Gerald Ford , having entered office after Nixon resigned , agreed to debate Jimmy Carter . He may have wished he had n't . It was in one of the debates that Ford said , "  There is no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe , " a misstep that changed the course of the election . Today debates between the candidates -- even when one of them is the incumbent -- are all but mandatory . A candidate would be seen as chicken for not agreeing to debate .  If you thought the Clint Eastwood empty chair at the Republican National Convention this summer caused conversation , just think what a candidate who agreed to debate would have to say about the empty chair of an opponent who declined  . Even post-1976 , some candidates tested the waters of skipping debates . In 1980 , President Carter chose not to participate in the first one because independent candidate John Anderson was included . Carter 's opponent , Ronald Reagan , did show up at that debate -- and even though Carter appeared at the one subsequent debate that fall , Reagan went on to win the election . Four years ago , Republican candidate John McCain said that he wanted to postpone the first debate in Oxford , Mississippi ; he proposed that he and his opponent , fellow U.S. Senator Barack Obama , instead go to Washington to help with the financial crisis . Obama said he would be in Mississippi regardless of whether McCain was  "  It 's going to be part of the president 's job to be able to deal with more than one thing at once "  . McCain relented and came to the debate , but his initial hesitation seemed to throw his campaign off balance . It 's unlikely that there will ever be another autumn in which the candidates do not debate , but you never know . It 's a pretty safe bet , though , that come nightfall Wednesday in Colorado , Obama and Mitt Romney will be at their appointed places on the stage . It 's how we do things now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : After Nixon vs. Kennedy in 1960 , there were no presidential debates until 1976 He says Nixon 's sweaty showing in '60 helped put candidates off TV debates In subsequent campaigns , neither LBJ nor Nixon debated their rivals Greene : Now debates are nearly mandatory , much as candidates might like to avoid them
Washington  CNN  -- James Freudenberg had a reputation as a safety-conscious helicopter pilot . But when he prepared for a medical flight in August of 2011 -- while simultaneously engaging in a private text conversation -- he set into motion events that led to the deaths of four people , including himself . His actions could re-write the rules on when pilots can send private messages or make personal phone calls . Federal safety officials on Tuesday blamed Freudenberg 's crash in Mosby , Missouri , on fatigue , training , and , distracted texting . To the amazement of safety officials , Freudenberg evidently sent several text messages with one hand while flying the helicopter with the other . But those text messages in the air -- which ended 19 minutes before the crash -- turned out to be less consequential than text messages he sent and received while on the ground . Investigators believe Freudenberg engaged in an extensive text conversation with a colleague about dinner plans while he was conducting mandatory pre-flight checks of his helicopter . Because of those distractions , Freudenberg missed two opportunities to detect that his helicopter did not have sufficient fuel for his mission , investigators said . When Freudenberg finally noticed his fuel was low , he was half-way through the first leg of his flight . He arrived at the hospital , picked up the patient , and looked for an alternate , closer destination to refuel . But his 13-minute stop was again disrupted by a private text conversation , and he took off after miscalculating that he could reach his destination . The LifeNet helicopter ran out of fuel a mile short of the destination -- within sight of the Midwest National Air Center . The copter crashed into a pasture in mere seconds , killing Freudenberg , the patient he was transporting , and two medical personnel . The National Transportation Safety Board said on Tuesday the crash illustrates that the dangers of distractions are found on the ground , as well as in the air . The board voted to send a Safety Alert to pilots warning them about the hazards of texting during the planning and pre-flight stages . And the NTSB is recommending the FAA prohibit the non-flight-related use of portable electronic devices while in flight and during safety-critical planning operations on the ground . The standard would significantly expand the FAA 's so-called "  sterile cockpit rule , " which prohibits pilots from engaging in non-flight-related conversations during take-offs and landings . In the Freudenberg crash , Freudenberg and a colleague exchanged 85 text messages during a 12-hour shift . A lot took place as Freudenberg prepared the helicopter for the flight , the NTSB said . "  It is easy to imagine that some of these interruptions could have led to forgetting of steps , including checking the fuel level , performing the preflight , " said Bill Bramble , an NTSB aviation expert . Investigators determined the engine had run out of fuel , but that the fuel gauges were working properly . Freudenberg apparently misled his company 's communications center that he had adequate fuel for the mission , radioing from the hospital that he had 45 minutes of fuel when he had only 30 minutes . Asked by NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman if Freudenberg could have been mistaken , investigators responded , "  We do not believe so . " Freudenberg , a former Army helicopter pilot who served in Iraq , had worked for the company just under a year , and probably wanted to avoid revealing that he had taken off with inadequate fuel , which is a violation of FAA regulations , investigators said . The NTSB said other factors leading to the crash included the pilot 's inability to perform a crucial flight maneuver known as autorotation after he ran out of fuel . In the helicopter he was flying , the pilot must transition to autorotation in two seconds to avoid a crash . The investigation found that the autorotation training the pilot received was not representative of an actual engine failure at cruise speed , which likely contributed to his failure to successfully execute the maneuver . And the pilot likely was fatigued , having failed to take advantage of his adequate off-duty hours to get sleep , the NTSB said . One NTSB member voted against the proposed safety alert , saying it diminished other alerts . "  This will be looked at by the  aviation  community as an overreach , " said member Earl Weener . "  It does n't make sense . " To read a synopsis of the NTSB report	Medical helicopter crashed in Missouri in 2011 , killing pilot and three others Pilot engaged in private text conversation while preparing for doomed flight Actions could influence federal rules on texting , phone calls by pilots
Milwaukee  CNN  -- Rebecca Edmonds grew up a military kid and , like most military families , often moved as her dad rose through the ranks of the Navy . Enamored with the military and her father 's service to his country , Edmonds decided in high school that military life was calling her . "  I think it 's definitely a tight-knit community , and I was willing to be a part of that , " Edmonds recalled of her decision to join the Reserve Officers ' Training Corps , commonly called ROTC , at age 18 . "  I think the families are welcomed . I remember going to a base , and we 'd be welcomed by these families we did n't even know . " When the Air Force offered her a full scholarship to Marquette University , Edmonds jumped at the chance to become a nurse and serve her country . Marquette is a Catholic university , a perfect fit for the practicing Catholic . Nothing captured her feeling of community and sense of military pride more than when her equally proud father , Capt. Tony Edmonds , swore in his oldest child as a second lieutenant in the United States Air Force . "  It was very special , " she recalled of her commissioning in July 2011 , shortly after college graduation . "  I was so happy that  my parents  had an opportunity to come out and be a part of that ceremony and have him administer the oath of office to me as an active-duty officer . " Today , her dream of serving her country has been shattered . Weeks before being commissioned as a military officer , Edmonds discovered that she was pregnant . That was before she says she learned the Air Force forbid single parents from enlisting . The reason for the policy , according to Air Force officials , is that the demands of deployment and military service put strain on family life and even more so for single parents . The Air Force accused Edmonds of committing fraud , ejected her from its ranks and revoked her $ 92,000 scholarship . Her case is currently under review . Edmonds ' mother , Karen , a military wife for 25 years , said deployments are tough on all service members and their families , married or not . If her daughter were to deploy , Karen Edmonds said , her grandson would be well cared for by an extended family that includes the child 's father and both sets of grandparents . Edmonds ' mother said she believes the policy discriminates against single women and encourages pregnant single women to abort their pregnancies . "  The Air Force is making an assumption that single parents can not provide adequately for their children if deployed , " Edmonds ' mother said . "  That 's what burns me up . " After she was "  dis-enrolled " from the Air Force -- the military term for the separation from service -- Edmonds appealed to the Air Force and her congressman , Rep. Paul Ryan , now the Republican nominee for vice president . The Air Force rejected her initial appeal but said this week that her case is now being reviewed at the highest levels . Edmonds has also hired a military attorney , Daniel Conway . Edmonds , her family and her attorney claim that the Air Force is encouraging its members to give up their children , through either adoption or abortion , a position they say was revealed in a comment from an Air Force colonel . In a letter responding to Ryan 's inquiry on Edmonds ' case , Col. Kelly L. Goggins wrote , "  If Ms. Edmonds had reported her pregnancy she would have been placed on medical recheck status until she gave birth . At that time she would have been been able to commission if she were not a single parent , for example , if she were married , or had given the child up for adoption . " CNN has repeatedly asked to interview Goggins , to no avail . Edmonds said that letter confirms her fear at the time she discovered she was pregnant . She had just found out that she was expecting when she had what would be one of her final counseling sessions with an officer , as required by the Air Force ROTC . "  He just says , ' I do n't know what would happen to a cadet if she were to become pregnant . But I do n't think it would be good . So just do n't get pregnant , ' " Edmonds recalled of the conversation with the officer . "  He said that word for word to me . At that point , I thought , ` OK , I do n't think I have to tell anybody this . I 'm scared now . ' " Edmonds completed all her physical and academic requirements , telling only her boyfriend and her family of her pregnancy . Abortion was never an option , she said , because of her Catholic faith and her personal beliefs . Thirteen weeks into her pregnancy , she was sworn in by her father as a second lieutenant and started making plans to go to Virginia to begin her military service . Five months into her pregnancy , she said , she told her new commanders that she was going to have a child , and they told her they did n't think it would be a problem . But they were wrong . Citing a contract she signed in 2007 when she enrolled in ROTC at age 18 , the Air Force said she committed a fraud by not reporting a change in her medical condition , as indicated in the contract . The Air Force ejected her , noting in its ruling , "  It is not the responsibility of the staff to constantly remind you of the terms of your contract . " It further stated that her file contained eight forms in which she was briefed on the medical change reporting requirement . Edmonds said no one ever brought the issue up during her subsequent counseling sessions while she was enrolled at Marquette . Edmonds said she asked the officer who informed her that she was being ejected from the Air Force , "  Had I terminated the pregnancy before my commissioning , would I have been able to commission at that point ? " And , according to Edmonds , "  He said , ` Well . Technically , yes . ' That was the hardest part of all of this . Someone telling me to my face that had I gotten an abortion , then I would be eligible for service . " In a statement to CNN , a spokesman for the Air Force said it had no knowledge of that conversation . "  Any such counseling would have been inappropriate and I have seen no evidence of any such discussion , " Maj. Joel Harper wrote . "  However , Ms. Edmonds ' case is under review by the Air Force Board for Correction of Military Records . " Harper also said the Air Force would never tell non-married service members to give up their children , despite Goggins ' letter to Ryan . "  The assertion that the Air Force would in any way encourage single parents to give up their children is unfounded , " he wrote . The Edmondses and their attorney feel otherwise . "  This offends me on a number of different levels , " said Conway , the attorney . "  Because we 're telling young single woman that they can not serve if they have a child . That they have to get married , give the baby up or have an abortion . " Edmonds said she realizes there will be those who say she should n't have gotten pregnant or have gone public with her story . She said that she may have made a mistake but that she now has a beautiful 10-month old son , Dominic , to show for it and he is no mistake . She is taking responsibility for her actions and raising her child . She hopes that because she has told her story , the military will reconsider its policy on single parents being allowed to enlist . As she waits for her situation to be resolved , Edmonds is working as a pediatric nurse , paying $ 100 a month -- with interest -- toward the $ 92,000 scholarship debt . After all , Karen Edmonds points out , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta recently stated his commitment "  to removing all the barriers that would prevent Americans from serving their country " when hailing last year 's decision to abandon the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy for gay men and women serving in the military . She hopes his words will apply to women like her daughter . "  I believe a woman has the right to choose life , go on to serve and reach  her  full potential , including being an officer in the Air Force , " Karen Edmonds said . Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Rebecca Edmonds grew up as a military kid , joining the ROTC in high school Weeks before becoming an Air Force officer , she discovered she was pregnant The Air Force ejected her because it forbids single parents from enlisting Edmonds has appealed that decision , and her case is currently being reviewed
A death row inmate told relatives and a criminal profiler he killed Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman while O.J. Simpson waited nearby , a new documentary claims . O.J. Simpson was tried and acquitted in the June 12 , 1994 , stabbing deaths of his ex-wife and her friend , although the actor and football legend was found liable in a civil wrongful death trial . Glen Rogers , who has been sentenced to death for murdering women in Florida and California , was arrested in November 1995 -- a month after Simpson 's murder trial ended -- and charged with killing five women in several states . He told investigators at the time that he had killed at least 70 women , police said . "  I 'm absolutely certain that my brother Glen killed Nicole Simpson and Ron Goldman , " said Clay Rogers , who narrated the film "  My Brother The Serial Killer , " which will debut on the Investigation Discovery channel Wednesday . "  I know my brother did it because I 've seen proof that he was there . " Fred Goldman , the father of Ronald Goldman , immediately rejected the film 's contention . "  The overwhelming evidence at the criminal trial proved that one , and only one , person murdered Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman , " Goldman said in a statement to CNN . "  That person is O.J. Simpson and not Glen Rogers . " "  The fact that O.J. Simpson was acquitted was a travesty of justice that tarnished the criminal justice system , " he said . "  Now every guilty person prays to the altar of O.J. Simpson for deliverance from their crimes . A -LSB- hundred thousand -RSB- screaming Glen Rogers , packed in the Los Angeles Coliseum , all confessing in unison , would not absolve O.J. Simpson of the murders he committed . " Simpson prosecutor now a novelist Ronald Goldman 's sister lashed out at the Investigation Discovery channel and film producers . "  I am appalled at the level of irresponsibility demonstrated by the network and the producers of this so-called documentary , " Kim Goldman told CNN . "  I 'm disappointed at the way this story was handled . Is this a confession ? " David Monaghan , the film 's producer , did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment on Goldman 's criticism . A spokesman for the Los Angeles Police Department said the department would investigate Rogers ' claims but does not believe he was involved in Simpson and Goldman 's killings . "  The LAPD is quite confident that we know who killed Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman . We have no reason to believe that Mr. Rogers was involved , " Commander Andrew Smith said . "  Nevertheless , in the interest of being thorough in this case , our robbery homicide detectives will investigate his claims . " Much of the documentary 's support for the claim that Rogers killed Simpson and Goldman came from statements he purportedly made to his brother . Glen Rogers was a drifter in 1994 when he arrived in Los Angeles after the Northridge earthquake to work on a repair crew , according to the film . One job took him to Simpson 's house as a painter , it said . "  Glen told me , when he called , ` Guess who I 'm partying with ? Nicole Simpson , ' " Rogers said , describing a call he said happened just a few days before the killings . "  Actually , what he told me , he says , ` They got money , they 're well off and I 'm taking her down . ' " The brother also claims that Glen Rogers took a gold angel pin off of Simpson 's lifeless body and mailed it to his mother in Ohio the next day . Their mother wore the pin , at her son 's request , at one of his murder trials , Rogers said . Criminal profiler Anthony Meoli , who exchanged dozens of letters with Glen Rogers and visited him on death row , said Rogers explained to him that O.J. Simpson had hired him to break into his ex-wife 's condo to steal diamond earrings he had given her . "  Glen told me that O.J. 's instructions were that ` You may have to kill the bitch , ' " Meoli said . "  Those were his exact words . " Simpson told him about a spare key to the condo hidden outside the door , according to Meoli 's description of Rogers ' account . The attack happened on steps outside , though , when Goldman unexpectedly arrived , he said . The documentary includes a graphic re-creation of how Rogers described the attack to Meoli . Simpson , who was waiting in his car nearby , walked onto the bloody sidewalk to check Rogers ' work , thus leaving his footprints at the crime scene , Meoli said . Los Angeles prosecutors matched a shoe print taken from the scene to the sole of an expensive Italian shoe they contended O.J. Simpson owned . Rogers began a cross-country killing spree that included about 70 female victims after the Simpson and Goldman murders , the film said . He was captured in Ohio in November 1995 , weeks after O.J. Simpson was freed from jail . Rogers was sentenced to death in Florida after a jury convicted him of killing a woman in a Tampa motel . He was later convicted of murdering a California woman , which resulted in a second death sentence . No other states have tried him . He is awaiting execution in Florida and has no more appeals , according to the film . Assistant District Attorney Pat Dixon , who prosecuted Rogers in the 1990s , said Glen Rogers may have an ulterior motive for claiming to have killed Simpson and Goldman . "  Rogers is on death row in Florida and California . If he 's close to execution in Florida , he may be hoping that California will bring him back here which would postpone the execution , " Dixon said . The Simpson and Goldman killings did not match Rogers ' other killings , Dixon added . "  Rogers and O.J. Simpson 's cases do n't match except that all the victims were stabbed . Rogers was a good-looking guy . He would go to bars , pick up women , court them , sometimes live with them a while , then kill them . The one victim he murdered in L.A. , he killed the night he met her . I 'm not aware of any instance of violence outside that pattern . What happened to Nicole Brown was totally different . " O.J. Simpson is serving a 33-year sentence with the possibility of parole after nine years after being convicted of 10 charges related to an armed confrontation over sports memorabilia in a Las Vegas hotel room . He was convicted in 2008 . CNN was unable to immediately reach Simpson or his lawyer for a response .	"  I 'm absolutely certain that my brother Glen killed Nicole Simpson and Ron Goldman , " Clay Rogers says Glen Rogers was sentenced to death for murdering women in Florida and California Simpson and Goldman 's killer "  is O.J. Simpson and not Glen Rogers , " Goldman 's father says "  My Brother The Serial Killer " debuts Wednesday on Investigation Discovery channel
CNN  A woman claims in a federal court filing this week that she was forced to have sex with several men -- including Britain 's Prince Andrew -- while a teenager , an allegation the Duke of York 's camp firmly denies . A royal family spokesman in London labeled the accusation against Prince Andrew "  categorically untrue . " The woman made the allegation in a civil motion filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court in southern Florida , joined by another unnamed woman . Both are seeking to join two other women who are arguing in federal court for the U.S. government to take a fresh look at its case involving self-made billionaire Jeffrey Epstein , who pleaded guilty some years ago in Florida to a state charge of prostitution solicitation . The investment banker agreed to a state plea deal in 2007 and began serving an 18-month sentence in 2008 , said The New York Times . According to The Times and the Washington Post , Epstein was the subject of a federal investigation but a deal allowed him to plead guilty to the lesser state charge and avoid a potential federal case . The four women allege their rights under the Crime Victims ' Rights Act were violated because the U.S. "  government secretly negotiated a non-prosecution agreement " with Epstein . According to the new court filing , the women contend they were not properly informed by the government about the ongoing status of a possible federal prosecution . It also claims Epstein used "  powerful political and social connections to secure a favorable plea deal . " Tuesday 's filing claims the two new alleged victims were sexually abused and exploited by Epstein , one beginning when she was 15 and the other when she was 16 . One of them , referred to as Jane Doe # 3 in the document , claims that an accomplice who Epstein "  used to procure under-aged girls for sexual activities " approached her in 1999 . That alleged female accomplice allegedly "  regularly participated in Epstein 's sexual exploitation of minors " and assisted Epstein as he made Jane Doe # 3 into a "  sex slave " from 1999 to 2002 , the filing says . The court filing makes claims against others allegedly involved "  in Epstein 's sexual abuse ring , " saying , "  Epstein also sexually trafficked the then-minor Jane Doe , making her available for sex to politically-connected and financially-powerful people . " Prince Andrew was one of those named , with the filing claiming that Jane Doe # 3 "  was forced to have sexual relations with him when she was a minor " in London , New York and on Epstein 's private island in the U.S. Virgin Islands . A palace spokesman , who is not named per custom , pointed out Friday that Prince Andrew , the Duke of York , is not a direct party to the "  ongoing civil proceedings in the United States . " Andrew is a son of Queen Elizabeth II and a brother of Prince Charles , the next in line for the British throne . "  As such we would not comment on the detail , " the palace spokesman said . "  However , for the avoidance of doubt , any suggestion of impropriety with underage minors is categorically untrue . " Also accused in the court filing this week of sexually abusing Jane Doe # 3 was noted law professor Alan Dershowitz . "  Epstein required Jane Doe # 3 to have sexual relations with Dershowitz on numerous occasions while she was a minor , not only in Florida but also on private planes , in New York , New Mexico , and the U.S. Virgin Islands , " the filing states . Dershowitz issued an adamant denial , saying the case "  is all about money . " "  The entire story is completely made up , " Dershowitz said in the statement . "  I have challenged her lawyers for her to repeat these statements in public so that I can sue them for defamation and I have challenged her to file criminal charges against me , because the filing of false criminal charges , which this one is , is a serious crime , " he added . A lawyer for Epstein also dismissed the allegations . "  These are stale , rehashed allegations that lawyers are now attempting to repackage and spice up by adding the names of prominent people , " said Epstein 's attorney , Jack Goldberger . "  The allegations , which are outlandish on their face and discredited by the evidence , were made in a civil case in which Mr. Epstein is not a party . " An attorney for the alleged victims , Brad Edwards , said that he was "  not able to comment beyond our pleadings at this point nor respond to any denials or threats by anyone . " Through Edwards ' office , Jane Doe # 3 issued a statement saying she is "  looking forward to vindicating my rights as an innocent victim and pursuing all available recourse . It appears that I am now being unjustly victimized again . " CNN 's Phil Gast , Mayra Cuevas and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Billionaire Jeffrey Epstein pleaded guilty to two state felonies related to prostitution Four women say they were victims in sex abuse ring ; claim the plea violates their rights 1 says Epstein forced her to have sex with Prince Andrew ; the palace refutes that claim
CNN  -- An Australian businessman pleaded guilty Thursday to strapping a fake bomb around an 18-year-old girl 's neck in an attempt to extort money from her family , a court representative said . The guilty plea by Paul Douglas Peters at Sydney Central Local Court is the latest development in a case that grabbed the attention of the international news media last summer . Peters , who is in his 50s , was traced to the United States and arrested in Kentucky , more than 9,000 miles from suburban Sydney where the dramatic events took place in early August . He was extradited back to Australia in September . The authorities say Peters attempted to extort money from Madeleine Pulver 's family in the suburb of Mosman by fastening a black box around her neck . In a note , he said the box contained "  powerful new technology plastic explosives " that would go off if Pulver did not follow his instructions , according to a complaint for provisional arrest filed in U.S. District Court in Louisville , Kentucky . Those instructions included orders to write to an e-mail address and wait for details on handing over an unspecified amount of money . Pulver spent nearly 10 agonizing hours in her bedroom as the authorities tested the box to make sure it would not explode before removing it from her neck . At the same time , the authorities say , Peters was stopping off in his four-wheel-drive Range Rover at a library and video store to check the e-mail account he had given Pulver and whiling away at least part of the time at a liquor store browsing for wine . Peters , who worked in investment banking and law , on Thursday pleaded guilty to one count of aggravated breaking and entering and committing a serious indictable offense , a representative of the New South Wales Courts Service Center said . He will be sentenced later this month . Investigators in Australia and the United States say they linked Peters to the e-mail address using video surveillance and access logs , and found credit card records showing that he had purchased a thumb drive , lanyard and baseball bat identical to those used in the extortion attempt , according to the complaint . The document says he sauntered into Pulver 's room on August 3 , wearing a business shirt , slacks and a blue , yellow and white mask that covered everything but his mouth and a pair of "  saggy and wrinkly " eyes . He was carrying a backpack and a black aluminum baseball bat . He said he was n't going to hurt her , then forced a black box around her neck using something like a bike chain and locked it , the complaint said . He attached a lanyard with a green thumb drive and a plastic document sleeve containing a note . "  Count to 200 , " he said , according to the complaint . "  I 'll be back . " Pulver waited a few minutes , called out to him but got no response . She contacted her parents and asked for the police . After nearly 10 hours , tests concluded that the device was not a bomb . Peters is a globe-trotting investment banker who went to primary school in Hong Kong , attended college in Sydney , ran investments in Malaysia and spent time in the United States , where his ex-wife and three school-age children live , according to authorities and his attorney . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	The case of Peter Paul Douglas drew international news media attention He attached a fake bomb to the victim and left a note demanding money , police say Peters was arrested in Kentucky in August and extradited back to Australia He pleads guilty in a Sydney court to aggravated breaking and entering
CNN  -- Syria on Monday denied involvement in last week 's bombing that wounded French U.N. troops in Lebanon . The Syrian Foreign Ministry accused France of adopting conspiracy theories about the attack . The remarks came after French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said it was "  probable " that Syria was involved . Friday 's attack was one of several on peacekeepers in the region this year . The bomb went off near a U.N. patrol vehicle in southern Lebanon , wounding five French U.N. troops . A civilian was also wounded , Lebanon 's National News Agency reported . Andrea Tenenti , deputy spokesman for the U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon , known as UNIFIL , said the injuries suffered were light . French and Lebanese officials roundly condemned the strike , which occurred east of the city of Tyre and near the town of Burj Al Shamali . Speaking Sunday evening to France 's TV5 Monde , Juppe said , "  We have strong reason to believe these attacks came from there  Syria  . ... We think it 's most probable , but I do n't have proof . " Asked whether Syria uses Hezbollah "  for that kind of attack , " Juppe responded , "  Absolutely . " Hezbollah , the Shiite militant group in Lebanon , receives financial and political assistance from Syria . Hezbollah said last week 's attack was "  aimed against Lebanon 's security and stability " and called on "  the security apparatuses to exert all efforts to put an end to such attacks . " Syrian Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi responded Monday to Juppe 's remarks , strongly denying any involvement in the "  reprehensible act , " Syrian state-run news agency SANA reported . "  It seems that the French foreign minister is now adopting conspiracy theories , which he accuses others of doing , " Makdissi added . Hezbollah issued a statement saying it was surprised by Juppe 's "  behavior . " It called on him "  to correct his position , and pay heed to the seriousness of this kind of accusations which represent great injustice , and which Hezbollah completely reject . " U.N. Interim Force in Lebanon monitors the cessation of hostilities between Lebanon and Israel . It has been in southern Lebanon since the nation 's 1978 conflict with Israel . After the 2006 war between Israel and Lebanon 's Hezbollah militia , the peacekeepers ' mandate was expanded to include helping Lebanon keep the country 's south "  free of any armed personnel , assets and weapons " other than government troops . In July , an explosion in the port city of Sidon left six French troops wounded . And in May , a blast wounded six Italian troops from the 15,000-member contingent . CNN 's Josh Levs , Nada Husseini , Amir Ahmed and Niki Cook contributed to this report .	NEW : Hezbollah rejects Juppe 's accusation Syria says France is "  adopting conspiracy theories " France 's foreign minister : "  Strong reason " to believe Syria was behind the attack Five French U.N. troops were wounded in a blast Friday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Botanists believe they have discovered one of the world 's largest carnivorous plants in Southeast Asia . Nepenthes northiana - the carnivorous pitcher plant prepares to tuck into a rat . The giant pitcher plants were located on Mount Victoria in Palawan , central Philippines by a team led by UK botanist Stewart McPherson . The second largest species , now called Nepenthes attenboroughii , has been named in honor of the UK 's world-renowned natural history presenter Sir David Attenborough . The new discovery measures up to 30 centimeters in diameter and is formed by a tendril which inflates into a large cup-shaped trap . McPherson told CNN : "  Around the mouth of the pitcher are secretions of nectar which attracts insects and small animals . The rim has lots of waxy downward-pointing ridges which help prey fall directly into the pitcher . "  The pitchers are half full of a liquid consisting of acids and enzymes which help break down its prey . " The insectivorous , sometimes carnivorous diet is crucial for the plants ' survival says McPherson . "  These plants grow in really harsh areas where soil quality is very poor -- often pure gravel or sand . Catching insects allows the plant to augment nutrients that it otherwise would n't have access to . " McPherson along with his colleagues Alastair Robinson and Volker Heinrich have discovered more than 20 new varieties of pitcher plant in recent expeditions and have also made two rediscoveries . One of those rediscoveries , Nepenthes deaniana , was first recorded in 1907 but was subsequently lost when the Philippine National Herbarium in Manila was bombed towards the end of World War II . McPherson and his team believe they are the first explorers to observe the plant in the wild in over a century . The Nepenthes deaniana produces a spectacular , football-sized , red pitchers that are large enough to catch insects and small animals . In many of the traps , McPherson 's team found giant centipedes and 10 centimeter-long spiders . The Botanical Society of America says that there are around 600 species of pitcher plants . Most familiar , perhaps , is the Venus Flytrap . But bigger species like the Nepenthes attenboroughii , Nepenthes northaina and the world 's largest known pitcher plant , Nepenthes rajah are able to capture animals as large as rats , as can be clearly seen in the picture above . "  These plants have evolved to catch insects . But on rare occasions they do catch rats and mice . The first reports of these plants catching rats was made in the 19th century by a British explorer called Spenser St John , " McPherson said .	Botanists believe they have discovered one of the world 's largest carnivorous plants Nepenthes attenboroughii is named after nature presenter Sir David Attenborough Pitcher plants can capture mice and rats and then digest them
Monday was supposed to be Michael Brown 's first day at technical college . Instead , his parents were planning his funeral . The 18-year-old was shot by a police officer in a St. Louis suburb on Saturday , sparking a federal civil rights inquiry , local protests and national debate . One side says the African-American teenager was surrendering , his hands in the air to show he was unarmed , when the officer opened fire . Authorities counter that Brown had attacked the officer in his car and tried to take his gun . His parents and their lawyer say they do n't believe the police account of what happened . They describe Brown as someone who steered clear of violence . "  He was funny , silly . He would make you laugh . Any problems that were going on or any situation , there was n't nothing he could n't solve . He 'd bring people back together , " his father , Michael Brown Sr. , told reporters . Family members nicknamed him the "  gentle giant . " For teachers , he was "  a student who loomed large and did n't cause trouble , " the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported . Friends and family said the teenager was ecstatic about starting classes at Vatterott College . "  He looked forward to it so much . You did n't have to tell him , ` Make sure you get to school . ' He was ready , " mother Lesley McSpadden told CNN . And he was proud to be setting an example for his younger siblings . "  He was a leader . He knew what he wanted out of life , " his father said . "  He was a good kid . " He hoped to become a heating and cooling engineer , working on air conditioning , attorney Benjamin Crump , who 's representing the teen 's family , told reporters . "  Everyone else wanted to be a football player , a basketball player , " friend Gerard Fuller told the Post-Dispatch . "  He wanted to own his own business . He 'd say , ` Let 's make something out of nothing . ' " Just a credit shy of graduating high school in May , he earned his diploma on August 1 . On graduation day , he told friends he was relieved , according to the newspaper . "  He said he was n't going to end up like some people on the streets . He was going to get an education , " Hershel Johnson , a friend of Brown 's , told the Post-Dispatch . "  He was going to make his life a whole lot better . " On Facebook , Brown said he liked the St. Louis Rams , Kanye West 's music and comedies including "  House Party " and "  Scary Movie II . " Now a message from a friend posted on Facebook describes Brown as a someone who "  was always there for anybody he knew . " In a Facebook message to a friend last week , Brown wrote : "  If I leave this earth today , at least you 'll know I care about others more than I cared about my damn self . " Brown had been spending the summer with his grandmother , Desuirea Harris . "  He was a good kid . He did n't live around here , " she told CNN affiliate KMOV . "  He came to visit me and they did that to him for no reason . " Crump said Brown was doing the right things , finishing high school and planning for his career ahead . His parents were planning to drop him off at college on Monday . "  And instead of celebrating his future , they are having to plan his funeral and talk to attorney  Anthony  Gray and I about second autopsies , " Crump said . At a press conference on Monday , the teenager 's parents tearfully described their son to reporters , holding up a photograph showing him as a toddler . "  He was a good boy , " his father said . "  He did n't deserve none of this . " They asked for supporters to remain peaceful -- something they said their son would have wanted . "  No violence , " McSpadden said . "  Just justice . " What we know about the shooting	On Facebook , Michael Brown said he liked the St. Louis Rams and Kanye West The 18-year-old was to start technical college classes Monday A police officer shot him over the weekend ; authorities are investigating the case Father tells CNN : "  He was a leader . He knew what he wanted out of life "
CNN  -- A NEW OIL REALITY Over three years of high oil prices have led to a boom time for the region 's oil exporters , but recent figures from the U.S. Energy Information Administration could change that . According the EIA U.S. oil imports are set to fall and crude output is set to grow . Any increase in U.S. output will likely send crude prices lower and as MME found out could mean a drastic change in energy policy for the region . TONY HAYWARD , CEO , GENEL ENERGY As the region 's oil exporters react to a possible oil bonanza in the United States , MME talks face to face with Tony Hayward , the former CEO of BP and CEO of independent energy company Genel Energy . From a booming business in Iraq to the lessons he learned from his time at BP , Tony Hayward talks to MME about the future of the energy sector . SHOWTIMES Marketplace Middle East will air at the following times  all GMT  : Thursday 17 January : 1645 ; Friday 18 January : 0945 ; Saturday 19 January : 0715 ; Sunday 20 January : 0615 , 1645	U.S. statistics : A rise in domestic oil output will push crude prices down worldwide MME discovers how this could lead to a drastic shake up of energy policy in the Middle East Tony Hayward , former CEO of BP and CEO of Genel Energy , on the future of the energy sector
For 13-year-old McClain Hermes , the inspiration to impact her world began in 2009 , after her father showed her a magazine article about a shoe recycling program . "  We decided  that instead of  recycling them , we would collect them and give them to people that needed them , " she says . And with that , Shoes for the Souls was born and delivered 365 pairs of shoes that first year . In the five years since , the Georgia teen and her father , Matt Hermes , have collected about 10,000 pairs of shoes for an Atlanta homeless shelter . But what 's especially impressive about this middle school student is she does this despite the daily struggles life brings her . About the time she began collecting shoes , she developed vision problems that ended up with one of her retinas detached and her vision extremely limited in the other . She 's now legally blind , and doctors say she will be completely without sight in the next two to five years . Outside the comfort of her home , she oftentimes will need to use a cane . Her family has taken several vacations to scenic destinations such as the Grand Canyon , wanting McClain to be able to experience breathtaking views while she still has a little vision left . But her disability has n't stopped her from becoming a young dynamo . Besides Shoes for the Souls , McClain is a competitive swimmer with dreams of making the 2016 Paralympic Games in Rio de Janeiro . She wears special goggles and a special cane is used by another person so she knows when she 's approaching the wall . Her shoe initiative has made her an inspiration for those much older as well . An employee off McClain 's father , Ingle Chadwick-Ard , first came in contact with the Hermes family after one of her daughters was in the same Sunday school class as McClain . She does n't mince words about her potential , saying this with a hearty laugh : "  She 's going to take over the world , that kid . " But she still enjoys having fun and has found ways to work in some hijinks with her father on their project . "  The second year , my dad made an agreement with me that if we collected 1,000 pairs of shoes , which he thought was completely out of the ballpark , that I could shave his head , so 1,598 shoes later , he had a shaved head ! " But deep down , it 's a very serious way to help those in crisis . And the residents at the Atlanta Mission , where McClain donates the shoes , are extremely grateful for what she does . Dennis Williams ended up at the shelter after struggling with substance abuse . Everything he wears was donated . "  Her example is an awesome example of being selfless , " he says . McClain enjoys the appreciation she receives from the shelter residents : "  The men , a lot of them come up and give me hugs and say thank you after we 're done . " Her childhood has been different from than most of her peers , but she refuses to let it be an excuse . She challenges others to go out and be of service to others . "  If you have a dream and you think it 's unrealistic , just keep on doing it because you 'll get there . "	McClain Hermes , 13 , is legally blind but still collects thousands of shoes for less fortunate . McClain thought footwear would be better off donated than recycled Shoes for the Souls began in 2009 and has collected around 10,000 pairs Her family says she is selfless and very rarely dwells on her handicap
CNN  -- Less than a month after suffering serious burns in a propane grill accident , sports broadcasting pioneer Hannah Storm returned to TV Tuesday , hosting Southern California 's historic Rose Parade . Storm , host of ESPN 's morning "  SportsCenter , " was using a propane gas grill outside her Connecticut home three weeks ago when it exploded , ABC said , causing her first - and second-degree burns . Storm lost her eyebrows , eyelashes and much of her hair , according to the network . "  Ca n't begin to thank you all enough for your kindness and support , " Storm tweeted Tuesday before the parade . On Monday she tweeted , "  Especially thankful this New Year 's ! " The only on-camera evidence of her accident was Storm 's bandaged left hand , which was visible at the beginning of the parade broadcast . "  The healing process has begun , and you look as good as ever , " said her co-host , Josh Elliott , Storm 's former partner at ESPN . "  The best medicine is being with you , " she said . In an interview with ABC 's World News , Storm described the accident . She checked on the propane grill on a chilly night and discovered the flame had been blown out . "  The cover of the grill was open so I assumed ... that there would n't be any gas in the air . Well , propane is actually heavier than air and especially in cold weather it tends to sit on top of the grill , pool inside , " she said . "  So the second I relit the flame -- after I turned the gas off ... it was a wall of fire , a huge explosion . So much force that it blew the doors of the grill completely off . "  A neighbor clear across the street had thought a tree had fallen through his roof , that 's how loud the explosion was , and it happened in a split second , " she said . "  And immediately I was on fire , so my hair was on fire , my chest and the whole top of my shirt was on fire . I did n't know what to do other than -- I 'm left handed -- reach and just get the shirt off of me as quickly as possible . "  I yelled inside to my 15-year-old daughter who was in the kitchen , ` Mommy 's on fire ! You have to call 911 ! ' " Storm said , becoming choked up . Before Tuesday 's Rose Parade broadcast , she spent an hour in the makeup room and wore false eyelashes and hair extensions , she said . At one point during the parade broadcast , Storm added a personal note as a float honoring the parade 's president -- a nurse -- passed by . "  Thanks to all the great nurses at Westchester burn unit " who have "  been to my house every day for the last couple of weeks helping me be here today , " Storm said . Celebrating its 124th year , the parade has made Pasadena famous with its magnificent , colorful floats decorated with rose and other flower petals , stems and leaves . The parade 's theme this year was "  Oh , the Places You 'll Go , " a tip of the hat to children 's author Dr. Seuss . Related : Chinese and American marching bands unite for Rose Parade An Atlanta native and Notre Dame alum , Storm pioneered her way into the world of sports journalism . She began her career in the early '80s , when the TV sports industry hired few women . "  I literally could n't get anyone to hire me , " she told Forbes.com in 2009 . "  Having a woman do sports was seen as too risky . " Her persistence led to on-air sports jobs at CNN and NBC -- where she covered high-profile events including the Olympics , baseball 's World Series and the Wimbledon tennis championship . Later , Storm hosted CBS News ' "  Early Show , " where she transcended sports and interviewed newsmakers such as Barack Obama and George W. Bush . Storm , who was born with a port wine-stain birthmark underneath her left eye , founded a charitable organization that helps children with debilitating and disfiguring vascular birthmarks . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Storm describes yelling to daughter ` Mommy 's on fire ... Call 911 ! " Storm hosts the Rose Parade just weeks after suffering propane burns She was burned at her Connecticut home while using an outdoor grill Appearing with a bandage , Storm tweets thanks to supporters
CNN  -- As new celebrities line up to buy the Los Angeles Clippers , a group of NBA owners will meet by conference call Thursday to talk about what happens next in the uproar surrounding team owner , Donald Sterling . The 10-member NBA owners ' advisory and finance committee may discuss this question : What will happen if Sterling refuses a league directive to sell the Clippers ? Sterling 's not saying what he 'll do next , but he 's known for being litigious . Calls to his lawyer were not returned . If he does sell , the billionaire could become richer . The team he bought in 1981 for $ 12 million is now valued at about $ 575 million , according to Forbes . CNN 's Rachel Nichols said the selling price could hit $ 1 billion . The uproar over Sterling has overshadowed the NBA playoffs -- you know , the actual games . The Clippers will play in the NBA playoffs Thursday night against the Golden State Warriors . If the Clippers win , they 'll move into the next round of the playoffs . Sterling , an 80-year-old lawyer , real estate developer and entrepreneur , wo n't be there . On Tuesday , the NBA banned him from the league for life because of racist remarks made during conversations with a young female companion , V Stiviano . The remarks were released on the websites TMZ and Deadspin last weekend . Specifically , on the audio , Sterling complains that Stiviano posted Instagram photos of herself with black men , including former NBA superstar Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . Now , in a bit of turnabout , Johnson has emerged as a potential buyer for the Clippers . Another rumored contender is a partnership between Oprah Winfrey , music-film magnate David Geffen and Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison . Others who have expressed interest include boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. , ranked by Forbes as one of the highest-paid athletes in the world ; former boxing champion Oscar De La Hoya ; rapper-producer-entrepreneurs Sean "  Diddy " Combs and Dr. Dre ; rapper Rick Ross ; Rick Caruso , real estate developer and Los Angeles civic leader ; and actors Matt Damon , Whoppi Goldberg and Frankie Muniz . Sterling could be forced to sell his team if three-quarters of the owners of the 30 NBA teams agree , NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said . He 'd like the issue to come before the owners "  immediately " but did n't lay down a timetable . Sterling could take the league to court . He 's sued the NBA before and prevailed . When he abruptly moved the team from San Diego to Los Angeles in 1984 without league permission , the NBA fined him $ 25 million , but Sterling countersued . The penalty was sharply reduced and he got to keep the Clippers in Los Angeles . He 's also fought a number of housing discrimination lawsuits filed against him . Does a lawsuit have a chance ? All the NBA owners signed a waiver saying they would not sue the NBA , sports lawyer Jeffrey Kessler said on CNN 's The Lead , but that may not stop Sterling . "  He might make an argument that if he has an antitrust claim that waiver would not apply , " Kessler said . To make that claim , he 'd have to show that something in the process was not competitive , Kessler said . CNN Senior Legal Analyst Jeffrey Toobin said the odds of Sterling winning a case "  seem basically zero . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this article .	NBA advisory and finance committee meets Thursday Sterling sued the NBA in 1984 Oprah Winfrey , David Geffen , Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison want to partner to buy team Other suitors : Magic Johnson , Matt Damon , "  Diddy " Combs , Dr. Dre
Washington  CNN  For a group with the chief purpose of helping to get Democratic women elected into higher office , Emily 's List enters 2016 closer to the top prize -- the presidency -- than ever before , and with fewer restrictions than what faced political organization the last time Hillary Clinton ran . Senior operatives at the Democratic operation are pledging that 2016 will be Emily 's List 's most active election to date , one where they hope the group 's deep connections to Clinton -- the expected favorite for the Democratic nomination -- will magnify their efforts . Emily 's List was very active in the race in 2008 during Clinton 's first bid , but election laws have changed vastly since then -- mostly thanks to the Supreme Court 's Citizen 's United decision in 2010 -- making it possible for the group to play a bigger role . The former secretary of state herself will headline the group 's 30th anniversary gala in Washington , D.C next week , a nod to their importance to both the former first lady and to Democratic 2016 scene . Denise Feriozzi , the political director at Emily 's List has been tapped to lead the group 's independent expenditure effort in 2016 , expected to outpace their most expensive cycle to date -- $ 14 million last year . The group , which raised more than $ 60 million for Democratic women in 2014 , expects that with Clinton atop the ticket -- and energy among other women candidates to run -- they will easily break through those fundraising numbers . "  We are going to play a bigger role than we have ever played , " Feriozzi said about the group . "  There is going to be a level of excitement for our Emily 's List community and from women and men around the country to elect the first women president and , more importantly , to elect the right person . " Stephanie Schriock , the president of Emily 's List , has left the Priorities USA board so that she can work closer with the Clinton campaign and still comply with election coordination rules . Feriozzi will take Schriock 's seat on the super PAC board , a body that has long been seen as the center of the pro-Clinton world , where leaders from the different organizations can meet and coordinate efforts to help boost Clinton 's campaign efforts . The group 's will not be just about boosting Clinton and female Democrats . As it has been in the past , Emily 's List 's 2016 plan will also focus on trying to define Republican candidates as bad for women across the country . Some of these efforts have already started . Earlier this month , Emily 's List launched "  GOP 2016 : Insult & Injury , " an interactive graphic that will "  chronicle Republicans ' out of touch agenda for American women . " This kind of messaging is common for Emily 's List , but with Clinton atop the ticket , advisers for the group expect the contrasts to be more defined . The focus is on ensuring that the gender gap for a likely Clinton campaign is as big -- if not bigger -- than the 12-point margin that Obama enjoyed in 2012 . "  That is our niche , that is our role , and that is what we are going to do here , " Feriozzi said , stressing that the group will be targeted and strategic about their investments . That will be critical , because spending in the 2016 election is expected to break all previous records . Sources have told CNN that Priorities , the keystone Democratic Super PAC going into the next election cycle , hopes to raise $ 300 - $ 500 million for 2016 , while the Koch brothers , uber-Republican donors and businessman , have said they will spend $ 898 million during the election . Emily 's List 's pockets are considerably smaller , but Feriozzi and others said their money will be more focused than scattershot . "  I am not going to say what we are going to do and what we are not , but we , as a progressive community , have got to be more targeted and smarter , " Feriozzi said . "  We are going to figure out what that is . "	Emily 's List , energized with the prospect of electing the first woman president , is preparing to go big in 2016 The group plans to make the election cycle their most expensive to date -- spending over $ 14 million "  We are going to play a bigger role than we have ever played , " said the operative tasked with leading the effort
