CNN  -- Most Oscar-bound celebrities spend the better part of that Sunday prepping themselves for the cameras -- and the fashion critics . They get their hair , makeup and nails done , shimmy into the proper shapewear , adorn themselves with millions of dollars worth of jewelry , slip on a pair of stilettos , and zip up their one-of-a-kind gowns . Yet , seconds after they step onto the red carpet , we 've already decided whether or not their primping paid off . While it takes a mere moment to wind up on the worst-dressed list , it takes a stunning comeback , or two , before redemption is bestowed . And with everything that goes into achieving a "  best-dressed " - worthy look , attendees are lucky they have an entire season to perfect their red carpet style . "  Each awards show has a different personality style-wise , and people have learned to dress accordingly , " said Sarah Bernard , host of "  The Thread " on Yahoo! 's Shine . The Academy Awards calls for classic , formal attire , she said , but celebrities can have a little more fun with the Golden Globes , the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Grammy Awards , which allow for edgier ensembles . But even a classic look is n't a surefire way to keep the scrutiny at bay . See , not taking a fashion risk is a risk in itself , Bernard said , adding , "  It 's important to mix it up . " Gallery : Golden Globe couture That 's exactly what "  Bridesmaids ' " actress Rose Byrne did when she showed up at the SAG Awards wearing an Elie Saab jumpsuit . "  It 's so great to see anybody step out of the box and do something not so traditional , " said stylist to the stars Nicole Chavez , whose clients include Rachel Bilson , Scarlett Johansson and Kristen Bell . "  Celebrities  do n't take as many risks on the carpet as they should . ... Because people are so quick to criticize , they 're more careful about their selections . " But red carpet couture is n't about setting a trend . It 's about wearing something flattering in a style you love , said the new mom , who has n't outfitted anyone this awards season . One red-carpet regular who has stunned this season , wearing gowns that complement her shape , is "  The Help 's " Octavia Spencer , said Yahoo! 's Bernard . And with so many nominations for best actress in a supporting role -- she won the award at the Globes and the SAG Awards , among other shows -- Spencer is being watched closely . The actress has developed a relationship with Tadashi Shoji , the Japanese designer behind the lavender gown she wore to the Globes , and the silver number she donned for the SAG Awards . "  My mom always taught us to dance with the one that brung ya , and  Shoji  gave me a lot of clothes while we were on  "  The Help "  publicity tour , " Spencer told E! It 's common for a celebrity to have a relationship with certain designers , Bernard said , referencing Charlize Theron , who wore a standout pale pink Dior gown to the Globes .  Theron is a spokesperson for Dior . Bernard anticipates that Spencer will continue her "  classy and fashion forward " streak at the Academy Awards on Sunday , possibly with another Shoji creation . Gallery : Couture at the Screen Actors Guild Awards "  The red carpet is a very intense situation , and you want to be comfortable out there , " Chavez said . "  If you 're confident and comfortable , it reads . It you 're uncomfortable , no matter how beautiful your dress is , it can end up not working . " The potential for discomfort is one reason footwear expert Meghan Cleary says shoes are the most important part of any red carpet look . "  Shoes  have the biggest effect on how you feel , " said Cleary , the author of "  Shoe Are You ? " "  They have an actual physiological effect on you -- the way you walk and carry yourself , and the way you stand . " Even for the Academy Awards , which calls for mostly floor-length gowns , "  shoes are still in the game , " she said . Cleary expects most shoes on Oscar night to be delicate stiletto sandals , with jewels and metallic detail . "  A lot of times the shoe becomes part of the jewelry . " And with so much focus on the dress , shoes become a way for celebrities to experiment , and maybe take a fashion risk . Cleary says pairing a purple metallic stiletto with a red dress would create a fashion-forward and edgy formal look . "  I say go for it . Kudos to you , " she said . "  But will you be excoriated on the red carpet for that ? I do n't know . " As a celebrity stylist , Chavez says she gravitates toward the rich colors during awards season , because the hues tend to show off detail better than pastels or black numbers . Plus , she said , publications are more likely to run photos of stars wearing bright-colored gowns -- like the scarlet Valentino that Michelle Williams wore to the SAG Awards . The saturated , rich jewel tones are all over the red carpet this season , like the jade green Oscar de la Renta dress Emily Blunt wore to the SAG Awards , or the fuchsia Marchesa gown Sofia Vergara donned the same night . On the flip side , nude-colored gowns have also been all the rage this awards season -- Jessica Biel , Kristen Wiig and Piper Perabo have all tried out the trend , somewhat unsuccessfully .  Each celebrity ended up on at least one media outlet 's worst-dressed list , in addition to getting burned on E! 's "  Fashion Police . " A nude gown is "  so incredibly stunning in real life , yet , just does n't translate on TV or in photos , " Chavez said . Just because a gown looks good in person , she added , it does n't mean it will translate for the cameras , which is why Chavez always photographs her clients in a gown before a final decision is made . Chavez said she expects to see a mix of vibrant , nude and sherbet colors take over at the Academy Awards . But she 's excited to see what some of the newcomers will pull out on the carpet . "  There are a bunch of ... cool , young , beautiful girls experimenting with fashion , " she said , giving a nod to Rooney Mara , who has been playing with cutouts and black and white . In the end , any celebrity can end up on a list of best - or worst-dressed stars . But the fashionistas who push the envelope are the ones we 'll be talking about long after awards season .	"  The Help 's " Octavia Spencer has stunned in Tadashi Shoji gowns Fashion expert : Not taking a fashion risk is a risk in itself Rose Byrne 's Elie Saab jumpsuit turned heads at the SAG Awards
U.S. Surgeon General Regina Benjamin announced late Wednesday that she will step down next month after four years in the post . Benjamin , a longtime advocate for a health care model centered on wellness and preventive treatment , announced her decision in an e-mail to staff , thanking them for supporting her vision . "  My goal was to create a grassroots movement , to change our health care system from one focused on sickness and disease to a system focused on wellness and prevention . With your help , that movement has begun , " Benjamin wrote . In an e-mail to staff , U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius said Benjamin should be "  proud of her many achievements . " "  Regina has served as America 's doctor since 2009 and has impacted the health and lives of Americans across the country . I am deeply grateful for her leadership and service , " Sebelius wrote . "  The Surgeon General 's road to prevention has touched the lives of millions of Americans and has had a positive impact on the health of this Nation . " As surgeon general , Benjamin chaired the National Prevention , Health Promotion , and Public Health Council , which was created under the Affordable Care Act to develop a strategy to improve access to care . "  Regina has been passionate about changing our health care system from one focused on sickness and disease to a system focused on wellness and prevention , " Sebelius said . Prior to her nomination , Benjamin served as CEO of the Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic in Alabama , which she founded in 1990 . The Alabama native was also the first African-American woman board member of the American Medical Association , and served a term as chairwoman of the group 's Council on Ethical and Judicial Affairs . Deputy Surgeon General Boris D. Lushniak will serve as interim surgeon general until a permanent pick is nominated .	Sebelius says Benjamin should be proud of her achievements Before her nomination , she served as CEO of an Alabama health clinic She has been in the post for four years
Mental Floss  -- It 's Nobel Prize announcement week , and if you had Carol W. Greider , Elizabeth Blackburn , or Jack Szostak in your office pool , you 're off to a good start  the trio will share this year 's Nobel Prize in Medicine  . As we await news of the rest of the winners , here are some stories about past Nobel laureates . Nobel Prize winners receive a medal and a cash award . 1 . Robert Lucas , winner of the 1995 Nobel Prize in Economics for his work on the theory of "  rational expectations , " split his $ 1 million prize with his ex-wife . If there were a Nobel Prize for Foresight or Timing , she should be nominated , based on a clause in their divorce settlement from seven years earlier : "  Wife shall receive 50 percent of any Nobel Prize . " The clause expired on October 31 , 1995 . Had Lucas won any year after , he would have kept the whole million . 2 . Physicist Lise Meitner , whose work helped lead to the discovery of nuclear fission , was reportedly nominated for the Nobel Prize 13 times without ever winning  though nominations are kept secret , so we do n't know for sure  . This makes her the Dynasty of the Nobel Prize scene -- that show was nominated for 24 Emmy Awards but never won . Other analogies we 'd accept : The Color Purple  11 Oscar nominations in 1985 , no wins  , the Buffalo Bills or Minnesota Vikings  4 Super Bowl losses each without a victory  and William Jennings Bryan  three-time Democratic nominee for President , losing twice to McKinley and once to Taft . 3 . People who refused the prize : • Le Duc Tho was awarded the 1973 Nobel Peace Prize with Henry Kissinger for their roles in brokering a Vietnam cease fire at the Paris Peace Accords . Citing the absence of actual peace in Vietnam , Tho declined to accept . • Jean Paul Sartre waved off the 1964 Nobel Prize in Literature . His explanation : "  It is not the same thing if I sign Jean-Paul Sartre or if I sign Jean-Paul Sartre , Nobel Prize winner . A writer must refuse to allow himself to be transformed into an institution , even if it takes place in the most honorable form . " • Afraid of Soviet retribution if he traveled to Stockholm to claim his prize , Boris Pasternak declined to accept the 1958 Prize in Literature , which he 'd earned for Doctor Zhivago . The Academy refused his refusal . "  This refusal , of course , in no way alters the validity of the award . There remains only for the Academy , however , to announce with regret that the presentation of the Prize can not take place . " Yevgeny Pasternak accepted the prize on behalf of his deceased father in 1989 . • Swedish poet Erik Axel Karlfeldt won for Literature in 1918 . He did not accept because he was Secretary of the Swedish Academy , which awards the prize . He was given the award posthumously in 1931 . This was allowed because the nomination was made before Karlfeldt died -- no candidate may be proposed after death . Mental Floss : 10 technologies we stole from the animal kingdom 4 . In 2007 , 90-year-old professor Leonid Hurwicz became the oldest person to ever win  one-third of the Prize in Economics  ; at 87 , writer Doris Lessing became the oldest woman  Literature  . 5 . DNA expert Kary Mullis -- 1993 winner of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry -- was scheduled to be a defense witness in O.J. Simpson 's murder trial . However , Simpson 's lawyer Barry Scheck felt the prosecution 's DNA case was already essentially destroyed , and he did n't want Mullis ' personal life to distract jurors  he 'd expressed an affinity for LSD . 6 . Nobel Laureates you must know : Teddy Roosevelt , Woodrow Wilson , Rev. Martin Luther King , Jr. , Mother Teresa , Elie Wiesel , Mikhail Gorbachev , Nelson Mandela , Yasser Arafat , Shimon Peres , Yitzhak Rabin , Jimmy Carter , Toni Morrison , William Faulkner , T.S. Eliot , Ernest Hemingway , Samuel Beckett , Pierre & Marie Curie , Max Planck and Albert Einstein . 7 . Big names who never won : Dmitri Mendeleev , Leo Tolstoy , Virginia Woolf , James Joyce , Marcel Proust , Mark Twain , Gertrude Stein , Henrik Ibsen , Joan Robinson , Thomas Edison , Nikola Tesla , Jules-Henri Poincaré , Raymond Damadian and Mahatma Gandhi . Mental Floss : 6 people who accidentally found a fortune 8 . Winners without the greatest reputations : • Daniel Carleton Gajdusek , who won in 1976 for his research in human slow-virus infections , spent 19 months in jail after pleading guilty in 1997 to charges of child molestation . • Johannes Fibiger won in 1926 after discovering parasitic worms cause cancer -- a breakthrough that turned out to not be true . • Yasser Arafat shared the 1994 Nobel Peace Prize with Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Rabin . This decision caused Nobel Committee member Kare Kristiansen to resign . "  What consequences will result , " he asked at the time , "  when a terrorist with such a background is awarded the world 's most prestigious prize ? " • William Shockley won for Physics in 1956 for his role in the invention of the semiconductor , but his support of the eugenics movement alienated the scientific community . Shockley also donated sperm to the Repository for Germinal Choice , a sperm bank developed to spread humanity 's best genes . 9 . As part of his divorce settlement , Einstein 's Nobel Prize money went to his ex-wife , Mileva Maric . 10 . The Curie family is a Nobel Prize machine , winning five : Pierre and Marie for Physics in 1901 ; Marie solo for Chemistry in 1911 ; daughter Irene and her husband Frédéric Joliot-Curie for Chemistry in 1935 ; and Henry Labouisse , who was married to Pierre and Marie 's daughter Eve , accepted on behalf of UNICEF in 1965 . 11 . Marie Curie 's second prize was marred by scandal . Then a widow , Curie had an affair with a married scientist , Paul Langevin -- a former pupil of Pierre Curie . Love letters were involved , eventually leading to a duel between Langevin and the editor of the newspaper that had printed them  no shots were actually fired . According to NobelPrize.org , when it was suggested that Curie not accept the prize , she wrote a shrewd letter , "  which pointed out that she had been awarded the Prize for her discovery of radium and polonium , and that she could not accept the principle that appreciation of the value of scientific work should be influenced by slander concerning a researcher 's private life . " 12 . Singing support -- While there 's no evidence the Nobel judges can be swayed by theme songs , that has n't stopped Loriana Lana from composing one for Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . "  Peace Can " includes the lyrics , "  Silvio forever will be / Silvio is reality / Silvio forever ! / Silvio gives us trust . " 13 . Alfred Nobel -- inventor of dynamite -- may have been inspired to create the Nobel Prize after a premature obituary in a French newspaper called him a "  merchant of death . " 14 . Nobel died on December 10 , 1896 . The formal awards ceremony is held in Stockholm each year on the anniversary of his death . The first awards show took place on December 10 , 1901 .  These things take time to plan . And in case you were wondering just how much of a say Alfred Nobel had in the prize , here 's what he wrote in his will : "  The whole of my remaining realizable estate shall be dealt with in the following way : "  The capital shall be invested by my executors in safe securities and shall constitute a fund , the interest on which shall be annually distributed in the form of prizes to those who , during the preceding year , shall have conferred the greatest benefit on mankind . The said interest shall be divided into five equal parts , which shall be apportioned as follows : one part to the person who shall have made the most important discovery or invention within the field of physics ; one part to the person who shall have made the most important chemical discovery or improvement ; one part to the person who shall have made the most important discovery within the domain of physiology or medicine ; one part to the person who shall have produced in the field of literature the most outstanding work of an idealistic tendency ; and one part to the person who shall have done the most or the best work for fraternity among nations , for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses . "  The prizes for physics and chemistry shall be awarded by the Swedish Academy of Sciences ; that for physiological or medical works by the Caroline Institute in Stockholm ; that for literature by the Academy in Stockholm ; and that for champions of peace by a committee of five persons to be elected by the Norwegian Storting . It is my express wish that in awarding the prizes no consideration whatever shall be given to the nationality of the candidates , so that the most worthy shall receive the prize , whether he be Scandinavian or not . " Mental Floss : 13 bizarre stipulations in wills For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	More than one Nobel winner had to share or give prize money to ex-wife Marie Curie was urged not to collect her second Nobel because of affair Three U.S. presidents have won the Nobel prize Lise Meitner was reportedly nominated for the Nobel Prize 13 times , but never won
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is usually so careful not to expose his French connection -- his mother was born and educated in Paris and he speaks fluent French -- especially since this tie arguably cost him the U.S. presidency in 2004 when the nation was being vilified as "  cheese eating surrender monkeys " by a conservative columnist . But Kerry 's gushing praise for France , and in French , on Saturday during his visit to Paris , could n't have been more dramatic . And revealing . France is indeed one of the very few world powers that seem ready to join the U.S. in a military strike on Syria 's Assad regime , with or without U.N. backing . Since Britain ruled itself out from such intervention through a No vote in parliament on August 29 , to the world 's surprise and David Cameron 's dismay , the U.S. and France have had to appear even more resolute and closer partners on the world stage than before . News emerged of lengthy phone conversations between Presidents FranÃ § ois Hollande and Barack Obama and one-to-one meetings at the G20 last Friday in St Petersburg , with David Cameron conspicuously sidelined . Sidelined and vexed . After it was reported that an adviser to Putin had dismissed the UK as this "  little island nobody listens to " , the British prime minister strangely felt compelled to justify his country 's standing in an improvised and passionate tirade . "  Yes , we are a small island , in fact a small group of islands . But I would challenge anyone to come up with a country with a prouder history , with a bigger heart , a greater resilience . We are a country that 's invented many of the things that are most worthwhile -- everything from the industrial revolution to the television to the worldwide web . "  If I go on too long about our literature , our art , our philosophy , our contribution - including the world 's language -- if I start talking about this blessed plot , this sceptered isle , this England , I might have to put it to music . " So while Britain was busy licking its wounds , the U.S. and France were left to show up their unity and determination . Words were uttered such as "  France is our oldest ally "  a historical fact but a hurtful truth to hear for the British , the U.S. 's most loyal ally  , however , they did n't manage to hide the increasing discomfort felt by public opinions both in the U.S. , France and the world at large . The British MPs had , probably despite themselves , opened a Pandora 's Box , also called democracy . By conveying what they probably rightly think is the country 's reluctance to engage in what appears as a vaguely-defined military intervention , British MPs did nothing more than to give a voice to their constituents ' concerns . Disturbed by the British "  No " , President Obama , an isolationist at heart , decided to follow the British route and went on to seek Congress ' approval , even though he constitutionally did n't need to . This , of course , has left Hollande in a tricky position . Here he is , forced to wait for American congressmen to decide on France 's course of action -- not a happy position to be in when you are the president of a country which , despite its current Atlanticist foreign policy , has had a long tradition of independence . A debate over the question of Syria in French Parliament last Wednesday , granted by the president but without a vote , furthermore revealed how divided within itself France is . The French opposition demands that military action be pursued with a U.N. mandate . "  If Russia keeps blocking the Security Council over the issue , let Hollande convoke the General Assembly for an Emergency Special session . Under article 377 , the general assembly can overrule the security council " said former Sarkozy minister Jean-Louis Borloo . An argument to which French public opinion is very sensitive . So far though , despite the fact that 68 % of the French oppose the participation of their country 's troops in an intervention in Syria , FranÃ § ois Hollande has stood firm with strong words coming both from the ElysÃ © es Palace and France 's foreign affairs minister Laurent Fabius . The French media has been visibly split as whether to support the president or warn him against an ill-advised adventure with probable repercussions against French interests at home and in the region . Many observers in France ca n't help thinking that Hollande seeks on the world stage the charisma and legitimacy that he lacks at home . The only time the French supported him massively since his election is when he launched a military intervention in Mali last year which , by all accounts , was a great success . A French diplomat recently confided : "  In Mali , Hollande walked on water . He wants to repeat the experience . " Except Syria is not Mali , nor is it Libya or Iraq . In 2003 , France tried to convince its allies , the U.S. and Britain , that there was no ground to the Weapons of Mass Destruction 's scare which so diligently triggered Iraq 's invasion . The French Secret Intelligence services had indeed warned President Jacques Chirac that Saddam Hussein 's arsenal could not attack Europe within 45 minutes as Tony Blair claimed before the British parliament . In a now historical speech at the U.N. , on February 14 , 2003 , the then French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin outlined France 's position . Although applauded by the wider world community , France 's statement was attacked by American Republicans with a violence that both astounded and saddened French opinion . Today , France is not more hawkish than in 2003 . However , the shadow of the allies ' painful rift may have played a part in President Hollande 's current determination . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Agnes Poirier .	France is ready to join the U.S. in a military strike , writes Agnes Poirier Since Britain voted against the intervention , U.S. and France have grown closer , she says Despite 68 % of the French opposing the strike , French President Francoise Hollande stands his ground As U.S. President Barack Obama awaits congress ' approval , France is left waiting too
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israel has declared a unilateral cease-fire in the fighting in Gaza beginning at 2 a.m. Sunday  7 p.m. ET Saturday  , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said . A man escapes after an Israeli strike in Beit Lahia in northern Gaza on Saturday . "  Hamas has been dealt a very serious blow , " Olmert said . "  We can say that the conditions have been brought about that enable us to say that the aims that we laid down for the operation have been completely achieved . " Yet Israel is prepared to respond if Hamas militants continue fighting in the Palestinian territory , Olmert said . "  If foes decide to continue to fight against us , then we will be ready and we shall consider ourselves justified in replying , " he said . "  I do not suggest that Hamas or other terrorist organizations try us . " Immediate Palestinian response to Olmert 's announcement was pessimistic . Saeb Erakat , the chief Palestinian negotiator involved in diplomatic talks on the conflict , noted that Olmert did not say Israeli troops would be leaving Gaza . "  I 'm afraid this means the cease-fire will not stand ; it will break , " Erakat told CNN International . "  Anybody can fire a shot now . ... It 's a very fragile moment . " The announcement followed a Cabinet meeting Saturday meant to vote on the basics of a plan that could end fighting in Gaza . It also came a day after Israeli and U.S. diplomats signed an agreement designed to stop arms smuggling into the Palestinian territory through tunnels . Israel launched the offensive in Gaza three weeks ago with the stated intent of stopping rocket fire into southern Israel from Hamas fighters in Gaza . There is mounting international pressure to end the fighting . In a televised speech Saturday , Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak called on Israel to end military operations and withdraw from Gaza . He dismissed the idea of an international force based in Egypt , saying he would "  never accept " a foreign presence on Egyptian soil . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon also reiterated his call for a cease-fire during a speech before the Lebanese parliament Saturday . "  The level of violence in Gaza is unprecedented , " the U.N. chief said . "  The Israeli aerial and land offensives against Hamas targets are inflicting heavy civilian casualties , widespread destruction and tremendous suffering for the entire region . " Watch opinions from the iReport community " The three-week conflict has killed 1,203 people in Gaza and injured more than 5,000 more , many of them Palestinian civilians , according to medical sources in Gaza City . They said 410 children have died . On the Israeli side , 10 soldiers and three civilians have been killed and more than 200 soldiers have been wounded since the fighting began , an Israel Defense Forces spokesman said Saturday . Fighting continued as the IDF attacked 50 targets between Friday night and Saturday morning , including eight missile-launching sites and 70 tunnels along the Egyptian border . The IDF says the tunnels were being used by Hamas to smuggle weapons into Gaza . Two children were killed in an Israeli artillery attack at a U.N. school north of Gaza City early Saturday . "  This yet again illustrates that there is no place safe in the Gaza Strip , " said Chris Gunness , a U.N. spokesman , speaking of the attack . "  This fighting has to stop , because innocent people , women and children , who are taking refuge in neutral U.N. buildings are discovering that there is nowhere safe . " Watch a report on aid shortages to Gaza " Four IDF soldiers were seriously wounded early Saturday by mortar fire in Gaza , according to an IDF statement . Hamas has said a cease-fire alone is not enough . "  We are working in every direction so we can achieve our objectives in stopping the aggression , lifting the blockade , opening the crossings , and the compensation of our people and the rebuilding of the Gaza strip , " said Hamas delegation spokesman Salah Bardwill . In other diplomatic efforts , the state of Qatar held an emergency summit Friday in an attempt to find a unified Arab voice on Gaza . The meeting brought together several Arab and Muslim leaders , including the presidents of Iran and Syria and the leader of Hamas , Khaled Meshaal . Friday evening , the U.N. General Assembly voted 142-4 to call on Israel to abide by a January 8 resolution by the U.N. Security Council . The resolution , which called for an immediate cease-fire by both sides in the conflict , had been universally ignored . Israel and the United States were among the countries voting against Friday 's effort . CNN 's Ben Wedeman , Paula Hancocks , Elise Labott , Caroline Faraj , Mohammed Jamjoom and Arie Bell contributed to this report .	NEW : Cease-fire in Gaza fighting to begin at 2 a.m. Sunday NEW : Chief Palestinian negotiator says truce wo n't stand unless Israel leaves Gaza NEW : "  I do not suggest that Hamas or other terrorist organizations try us , " PM says Two children killed in Israeli artillery attack at a U.N. school north of Gaza City
CNN  -- Aurora , Colorado , is a city in mourning after a gunman opened fire in a crowded movie theater , killing 12 and injuring 58 . Friends , family members and those simply wanting to offer support have gathered together in remembrance services throughout the community . For anyone wanting to extend their sympathy and words of support to those affected by the massacre , there are several ways to help . The Aurora Victim Relief Fund has been established by Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper and the Community First Foundation to meet the immediate and long-term needs of victims and their families . Stories of survival amidst the shooting "  We are very grateful and encouraged by the support so far for the victims in Aurora , " Hickenlooper said in a news release . "  The needs will be great , and we look forward to seeing the fund grow exponentially . This money will help those impacted by this tragedy begin to recover and rebuild their lives . " The fund has received $ 3.7 million in donations , according to Caitlin Jenney , communications manager for the Community First Foundation . Contributions can be made online through GivingFirst.org . At the request of the Aurora Police Department , the Colorado Organization for Victim Assistance  COVA  is also coordinating donations on behalf of all victims and their families . Any donations received will be distributed to those affected based on need . Go online for more information and to make a donation . Donations by check should be made out to COVA and include "  Aurora Tragedy " in the memo line . Mail checks to COVA at 90 Galapago St. , Denver , CO , 80223 . The Bonfils Blood Center provided more than 300 units of blood to hospitals caring for those injured in the shootings , according to a statement from the organization . The center is accepting blood donations by appointment only . Call 303-363-2300 or go to the Bonfils website to make an appointment . You can also make a financial contribution online . Donations to other nonprofit organizations providing direct support , including mental health services , for those affected by the tragedies can be made through GivingFirst.org . Friends and families members have also established various funds to meet the needs of individual victims and remember those who were killed . Remembering the victims Caleb Medley was among those injured . He is fighting for his life in the same hospital where his wife gave birth to their first child , Hugo , on July 24 . "  We all know Caleb ; we know he 's a fighter ; we know he 's not going to stay out of that child 's life for any length of time if he can avoid it , " said Seth Medley , Caleb 's brother . Friends have set up a fund for the family to help with medical bills and other needs . Jessica Ghawi was an aspiring sports broadcaster who went by the name Jessica Redfield on-air . Her family has created the Redfield Scholarship Fund to help others who dream of pursing careers in journalism . Jonathan Blunk served five years in the U.S. Navy and leaves behind his wife , Chantel , and two children . Donations to help the family with funeral costs can made to the Jonathan Blunk Memorial Fund at any Wells Fargo branch location . A website has been created in memory of 18-year-old A.J. Boik , where many people have posted memories and words of sympathy for Boik 's friends and family . Donations in his honor can be made to the A.J. Boik Memorial Fund at any Wells Fargo Branch location . Rebecca Wingo leaves behind two young daughters . A fund has been set up to help with the girls ' education . More information on how to donate is available online . Alex Teves died shielding his girlfriend from the gunfire . He had recently completed his master 's degree in psychological counseling at the University of Denver . The Teves family has asked that memorial donations be made to the Michael J. Fox Foundation in their son 's name . Ashley Moser was at the movie with her 6-year-old daughter , Veronica . The girl was among the 12 people killed , and Ashley suffered a miscarriage from the trauma she sustained during the shooting , according to her family . They have asked people to go to any Wells Fargo bank to contribute to the Donation Account for Ashley and Veronica Moser to help her in the months and years ahead . A longtime movie lover , Alex Sullivan was in theater nine celebrating his 27th birthday . He died two days shy of his first wedding anniversary . A website has been created where people can post words of support and contribute to the Alex Sullivan Fund . Donations will go to the Sullivan family and the We Can Be Heroes charity . Aurora heroes : Three who gave their lives	The Aurora Victim Relief Fund has been created to help victims of the Colorado massacre Several nonprofit organizations are providing direct support to those affected Friends and family members have established various funds to help individual victims
CNN  -- The so-called richest game in football hinged on a late defensive error by Derby captain Richard Keogh as Bobby Zamora scored a dramatic injury-time winner for 10-man Queens Park Rangers in the Championship playoff at Wembley Saturday . Promotion to the English Premier League is estimated to be worth $ 200m and it was QPR celebrating an unlikely win at the final whistle . Former England international Zamora scored with a first-time volleyed shot after Keogh 's intended clearance fell straight to his feet . It was QPR 's first shot on target after a match largely dominated by Derby -- particularly after Gary O'Neil 's red card on the hour mark . O'Neil went for hacking down Johnny Russell as he raced towards goal and it looked only a matter of time before Derby , managed by former England boss Steve McClaren , grabbed a winner . His QPR counterpart Harry Redknapp admitted as much as he reflected on his side 's triumph . "  We were hanging on with 10 men until a fantastic finish , " he told Sky Sports . "  We were hanging on for our lives , " he admitted . QPR , relegated from the EPL last season , has spent heavily , backed by owner Tony Fernandes , with a massive wage bill in comparison to other rivals in the second flight of English football . Leicester City and Burnley gained the two automatic promotion spots , leaving QPR to negotiate its passage through the playoffs involving the next four best-placed teams in the league . Victory over Wigan saw QPR into the final , while Derby thrashed Brighton to reach the Wembley showdown . A cagey and tactical match produced few chances , the best coming after O'Neil was dismissed but QPR 's man-of-the-match defender Richard Dunne and goalkeeper Robert Green were outstanding in repulsing Derby . Then came the late drama -- with Zamora repeating a feat he achieved in helping West Ham win the playoffs in 2005 . It left a distraught Keogh to be consoled by his teammates while QPR lifted the playoff trophy . For McClaren it was a bitter disappointment after guiding his young team to third place in the regular season standings and a deserved place in the final . "  I 've lost some games in my career but that is the cruelest , " he told BBC Sport . "  For somebody to make mistakes -- we do n't blame anybody , " he added .	Queens Park Rangers promoted to English Premier League 10-man QPR beats Derby County 1-0 in playoff at Wembley Bobby Zamora scores injury time winner Game reputed to be worth $ 200m to the winner
Hong Kong  CNN  -- How much would you pay to get your child into an Ivy League university ? For Gerard and Lily Chow , it seems the sky was the limit . In 2007 , the Hong Kong couple enlisted Harvard-lecturer-turned-admissions-consultant Mark Zimny to steer their two sons through elite U.S. boarding schools into a top-ranked university -- preferably Harvard . For a monthly $ 4000 fee per child , their "  total education management " package included extensive admissions counseling , arranging homestays , private tutoring , and extra-curricular activities , whereby Zimny and his team functioned as "  parents away from parents " for their sons . The Chows later switched to a retainer of $ 1 million per child . But in 2010 , before their sons applied to university , the Chows sued Zimny to recover their $ 2 million retainer , alleging fraud , breach of conduct , and unjust enrichment , according to court documents . Zimny denied any wrongdoing to CNN , alleging the Chows sought to end their relationship after "  poaching " one of his contract staff as a cheaper replacement . Admissions consultants say the Chow case is an anomaly , both in terms of the amount the couple paid and the assurances Zimny allegedly made . But it highlights the strong appetite among the wealthiest in Hong Kong for elite U.S. education and the nebulous role that a burgeoning flock of consultants play in the process . Hong Kong is the 16th leading place of origin for international enrollment at U.S. colleges and universities , according to the International Institute of Education , with its students increasing 1.3 % to 8,136 in the 2010-11 academic year . "  When people are looking at the U.S. education system , it 's seen as one of the best in the world , " said Susan Joan Mauriello , an American who moved to Hong Kong in 2005 and quickly identified admissions consulting as a business opportunity . "  Everybody was talking about top U.S. colleges -- it was clearly something that was very important to a lot of people , something that was very well-respected , " she added . "  Especially when you send your children to the U.S. , you want them to develop critical and creative thinking skills , " she explained , adding that an American degree is seen by Hong Kongers as providing "  increased opportunities for their children throughout the rest of their lives . " Since setting up her firm , Mauriello said a wealth of new or expanded consultancies have cropped up , particularly ones offering comprehensive packages that not only encompass preparation for the standardized admission exam  SAT  , but also services like tutoring and debate training . Some consultancies , such as Capstone , begin grooming students as early as in eighth grade  around ages 13-14  , giving them "  a well-built resume that does n't spike in their final year  before entering university  , " said Capstone 's founder , Ronald Po . "  Before as an admissions consultant  in Hong Kong  , you could work part-time and do it out of Starbucks . Now most companies have a full-time staff , they have their own offices , and it 's all-year-round support , " Po said , citing his annual client base as growing from four to up to 40 students . Affluent Asian families view elite U.S. education as a form of conspicuous consumption and are willing to "  throw money at it , " Zimny said , describing his clients as "  the 1 % of the 1 % . " Case in point : Gerard Chow is a member of the family that owns the Chow Sang Sang jewelry empire in Hong Kong . Most parents who seek Capstone 's services are investment bank partners , lawyers , or entrepreneurs , Po said , quoting fees of $ 6,450 - $ 19,350 for a one-year package . Mauriello said her clients have varying income backgrounds , but they all prioritize their children 's education . She quoted her average yearly fee as $ 3,225 - $ 7,750 . While international students may genuinely need help navigating the unfamiliar terrain of the U.S. application process , the Chow case raises the specter of the unscrupulous consultant -- in an unregulated profession . The U.S.-based Independent Education Consultants Association  IECA  denounced Zimny as a "  con artist , " describing the monthly $ 8,000 fees for the two Chow sons as approximating "  what should be a single fee , over a multi-year period , to work comprehensively with a student . " It pointed out that Zimny 's communications with the Chows "  were all about ` getting in , ' " saying that success should be measured by a student 's university experience , not admission . "  The thing I worry about consultants is they can do a lot of work in terms of writing essays and it 's unethical , " said Rachel Rubin , a lecturer at Emmanuel College in Boston who specializes in higher education admissions policy . "  But it 's good if they 're helping students find a good fit and what they want in a college , rather than how can we game the system to get into the school we want ? " Harvard was even less enthusiastic . "  While it is certainly possible that in individual cases an admissions consultant can be helpful to an applicant , we have encountered no evidence to indicate that is the case generally , " said spokesperson Kevin Galvin . Mauriello said competition for places at top schools had become fierce . "  Students , who ten years ago would have gotten into Harvard , Princeton , and Yale , might not be able to now , " she said . To gain an edge , some wealthy applicants offer donations to boarding schools and universities , consultants said . In their lawsuit , the Chows claim Zimny convinced them that elite schools unofficially expected donations from foreign applicants . Through their lawyer , the Chows declined to comment on the pending case . While donations are "  not an absolute requirement , " Zimny told CNN , they are a "  common practice " that can pivotally influence boarding school and university admissions . E-mails submitted to the court reveal extensive discussions between Zimny and Loomis Chaffee boarding school officials over the 2007-08 academic year , regarding the wealth and likelihood of donations from the Chows . Boarding schools conduct "  intensive screening of applicants so they can assess who has the potential to donate money once the child is admitted , and then the development directors work feverishly to court the constituencies , " Zimny said . Loomis Chaffee denied conducting "  financial screenings of any applicants except for those applying for financial aid , although on occasion we become aware of a prospective family 's history of or capacity for philanthropic support , " according to its director of development , Tim Struthers , who exchanged numerous e-mails with Zimny . Zimny said he also personally donated tens of thousands of dollars to Loomis Chaffee to "  advance the prospects " of the Chow sons -- as well as his future clients . He added that these donations were factored into his $ 250,000 "  extraordinary admission fee " charged in successful cases that required extensive lobbying . While Struthers confirmed that Zimny made several gifts to the school , he said they were unrelated to the Chow sons , adding that "  no donation or promise of donation was made to Loomis Chaffee by the Chows or Mr. Zimny on their behalf , as part of the admission process . " He said donations were neither common nor pivotally influential in admissions decisions . In March 2008 , the Chow sons were admitted to Loomis Chaffee -- a decision Struthers said was merited , given their "  academic records , extracurricular involvement , and leadership potential . " Zimny attributed their admission to his donations , saying that the sons ' secondary school admission test scores  SSAT  were weak . He said he had stopped working with the Chow sons before they applied to university . Zimny said his services can also include brokering introduction meetings between potential donors from Asia and development officials at U.S. universities , adding that schools welcomed these introductions as a way of fielding multitudes of donation requests . In his view , "  Money is money , whether it 's coming from a random family in Hong Kong or a fifth-generation Whitney applying to Yale . " He added that donations have to be presented "  in a way that does n't look like quid pro quo . " Consultant Susan Joan Mauriello disagreed , saying she has heard of donations making a significant difference in admissions decisions only in "  development cases , " which involve families with multiple generations of alumni that have made significant donations over the years . Harvard declined to comment on whether donations influence admissions decisions . The IECA said "  no educational consultant will act as a middleman for donations to a school , " adding that consultants "  will put the family directly in touch with a university 's development office and donations would be made directly . " But the appetite among Hong Kong 's elite for getting their offspring into top universities is unlikely to fade . "  The way to differentiate yourself is "  that one line on your resume that says what university you came from , " Capstone 's Po said . "  That 's one of the few elements that sticks with you for the rest of your life professionally . "	Hong Kong couple suing admissions consultant to recover US$ 2M retainer They hired consultant to get sons into elite U.S. boarding schools , universities Hong Kong is 16th leading place of origin of international students in U.S. higher education Growing supply of consultants in Hong Kong helping students apply to U.S. schools
CNN  -- Call it the "  mixed bag " year for women in the midterm elections . A few high-profile women candidates got a lot of attention on the national stage , but with dramatic Democratic losses , the number of women in Congress will likely hold steady or decrease for the first time since 1987 . The first female House Speaker , Nancy Pelosi , and three Democratic women committee chairs will lose their leadership positions in the majority , and consequently the overall political clout of women in the House will decrease . But not all the news for women in this election was bad . There were winners as well as losers -- and some groups were both . Republican women in Congress Seven GOP newcomers in the House of Representatives match the previous record of seven in one election , and two more in still-undecided races could join them . In addition , a new Republican woman , Kelly Ayotte from New Hampshire , will join the Senate . Unfortunately , Republican women will occupy only about 10 percent of all Republican seats in the House . Many of the GOP women will lack seniority , especially with almost one-third of them newly elected , and few are likely to win leadership positions or committee chairs . The only Republican woman currently in leadership is Cathy McMorris Rodgers , vice chair of the Republican Conference . Unless Republicans take affirmative steps to promote women into leadership positions , the influence of Republican women in the 112th Congress will probably be very limited . In addition , Republican women candidates have had great difficulty surviving primaries . While a record number of Republican women ran in House primaries in 2010 , only 37 percent won , a much lower proportion than the 68 percent of Democratic women who won their primaries . Women of color Women of color made significant breakthroughs in this election . Two were elected governors : Nikki Haley of South Carolina is the first Indian-American woman and Susana Martinez of New Mexico the first Latina to head state governments . While the number of white Democratic women serving in the next Congress will decline , the number of Democratic women of color will increase . All four female Democrats newly elected to the 112th Congress are women of color : three African-Americans and one Asian-American . One new Republican woman of color , Jaime Herrera , a Latina , was elected to the House from Washington . Women in the headlines Many women who received considerable national press attention in 2010 lost their races . The fanfare was of little help to Meg Whitman and Carly Fiorina in California , Sharron Angle in Nevada , Christine O'Donnell in Delaware , and Linda McMahon in Connecticut . Of the women candidates in the national limelight , only Nikki Haley prevailed , perhaps despite national media attention . Meanwhile , candidates who received far less attention , such as Martinez and Ayotte , emerged along with Haley as the real female stars of this election . Mama grizzlies Some of the so-called "  mama grizzlies " endorsed by Sarah Palin won while others lost . Palin 's support for candidates brought no guarantee of election . All three of her female gubernatorial candidates in the general election -- Haley , Fallin , and Martinez -- won , but two of her favored gubernatorial candidates lost primaries in Wyoming and Georgia . Mama grizzlies running for the Senate fared less well , with three losing  O'Donnell , Angle , and Fiorina  and just one winning  Ayotte  . Three of Palin 's endorsed House candidates lost in primaries , but two-thirds of those who made it through to the general election won their races -- a strong showing . Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton For different reasons , Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton , two women not on ballots in 2010 , may have been among the biggest beneficiaries of this year 's elections , with future presidential prospects enhanced . Although her mama grizzlies fared so-so in the elections , Palin , through her active involvement and candidate endorsements in 2010 , increased her public visibility and perceived political clout . Perhaps even more important , governors in several states , including women in New Mexico , South Carolina and Oklahoma , will be beholden to her . They could be critical to a 2012 bid for the Republican nomination . Clearly , Palin 's presidential prospects are stronger now than a year ago . If Sarah Palin benefited from being in the limelight in 2010 , Hillary Clinton benefited by being absent from it . As Secretary of State , Clinton had no direct involvement in the elections and consequently remained above the fray as Democrats suffered losses of historic proportion , President Obama 's popularity plunged , and both Obama and Vice President Biden appeared ineffectual at best in rallying voters behind Democratic candidates . Clinton remains popular , retaining her image as a strong and effective leader . Although it 's unclear whether she will run for the presidency before 2016 , if at all , Hillary Clinton in 2010 appears a stronger-than-ever potential contender . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Susan J. Carroll .	Susan Carroll says midterms a mixed bag for women ; number in Congress static She says when Dems lost ; so did Dem women in leadership positions Carroll : Women of color gained in Congress and in gubernatorial races Carroll : Big winners may be Palin and Hillary Clinton
Another flight , another woman goes into labor . Delta Air Lines Flight 2566 from San Francisco to Minneapolis diverted to Salt Lake City on Wednesday when a pregnant passenger went into labor during the flight . A pediatrician on board helped the passenger until the flight landed at about 9:45 a.m. , according to CNN affiliate KUTV . The passenger was taken by the local fire department to the University of Utah Hospital , where she gave birth to a baby boy . Both the mother and baby are in good condition , the hospital said . "  I was getting contractions about every minute almost immediately , which was really scary ... " mother Allison Peery told CNN affiliate KTVX on Thursday . The pediatrician was a big help , she said , as were the flight attendants . "  They were great , like helping me breathe . Because we had n't done our classes yet , so we were really kind of out of our element , " Peery said of her and her husband , Zach . "  There were about four  other people  there all breathing with me . " The 4-pound , 6-ounce child , named Karl William Peery , is fine . "  He 's doing so well and he 's so cute , " said Allison Peery , whose family lives in Wisconsin . It 's not the first time this month that a pregnant passenger has diverted a flight . On December 9 , a baby was born on Southwest Airlines Flight 623 shortly after its 6:24 a.m. takeoff . The aircraft departed from San Francisco bound for Phoenix , but diverted to Los Angeles International Airport at about 7:30 a.m. . A nurse and doctor on board assisted with the delivery . "  It was amazing , " a flight attendant said in a video posted on the airline 's website . "  All the passengers were awesome . Everybody was clapping . " The plane was met by a Los Angeles Fire Department emergency response team upon landing , according to LAX spokeswoman Katherine Alvarado . After a two-and-a-half hour delay , the 111 other passengers aboard Flight 623 were able to continue their journey to Phoenix aboard a new aircraft . Airline restrictions for pregnant passengers vary . Delta does n't restrict the travel of pregnant passengers , but the airline does offer guidance about change fees on its website . "  Ticket change fees and penalties can not be waived for pregnancy . " For any passenger traveling after her eighth month , "  it 's a good idea to check with your doctor to be sure travel is not restricted . " Southwest advises that pregnant women consult with their doctors before traveling by air , and the airline recommends not traveling after the 38th week of pregnancy . Barring medical complications , the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists says that pregnant women can fly safely just like the general population . However , "  air travel is not recommended at any time during pregnancy for women who have medical or obstetric conditions that may be exacerbated by flight or that could require emergency care . " Go to acog.org for more information on air travel during pregnancy .	"  He 's so cute , " new mom says of little boy Delta flight diverted to Salt Lake because of a pregnant passenger A Southwest flight was diverted earlier this month
Coastal Living  -- Barefoot on the sandy shore of Catalina Island , Kim Francis shades her eyes from the sun and peers back to mainland California . "  I ca n't believe we 're 22 miles from Los Angeles , " she says , grinning . "  I may never go back . " Paddlers can experience Catalina from the water 's surface . Behind her , the rugged terrain of Two Harbors stretches over rolling hills crossed by winding paths . Near the ferry dock , the modest village  a gift shop , an activities booth and one restaurant  buzzes with visitors . They come here to Catalina 's west end -- away from Avalon , the island 's much larger settlement -- to hike and watch wildlife . Many have their first try at snorkeling and paddling , says kayak guide Jason Clarke . Adjusting his colorful mask and snorkel , Jason plunges from the 45-foot catamaran Garibaldi into Isthmus Cove and encourages a tour group to do the same . "  You wo n't find kelp forests like this just anywhere , " Clarke says . "  And always cross your fingers for a dolphin . " Paddlers can experience Catalina from the water 's surface , with tours that visit secluded coves and mysterious caves , all open for exploration . A few strokes of the paddle separate kayakers from pelicans , sea lions and a bison , which watches from land . "  If his tail wags , the buffalo is in a good mood , " says Rod Jackson , who helps run Hummer tours to see bison . "  But never get too close . " The bison have been on the island since the 1920s , when they were brought in as film extras . Today , they number nearly 250 and are protected by the Catalina Island Conservancy . "  Sometimes we get a rebel , " Jackson says , gesturing to a lone bison across from the area 's only inn , The Banning House Lodge . Free hiking permits allow visitors to wander the island at will . Adrenaline junkies will want to tackle Boushay Trail , which climbs 1,800 feet to Silver Peak , the highest point west of Two Harbors . Those who make it to the top will be rewarded with sweeping Pacific views . And , like Kim Francis , they may not want to leave . Best of the west end For comprehensive information about all of the businesses listed , visit visittwoharbors.com . Stay : The Banning House Lodge , a rustic 1910 bed-and-breakfast with 11 rooms , has no TVs , clocks or telephones . Some rooms provide views of Isthmus Cove and Catalina Harbor .  Room 11 has spectacular cove vistas .  Winter rates start at $ 89 ; call 310/510 -4228 . To camp in the area , call 310/510 -8368 , or to rent a cabin between November and April , call 800/626 -0720 . Play : Visitor 's Center ; 310/510 -4205 . Dive and Recreation Center ; 310/510 -4272 . For charter-fishing day trips to Two Harbors , call Afishinado Charters at 323/447 -4669 or visit fishcatalina.com . Dine : The Harbor Reef Restaurant and the Harbor Reef Saloon serve fresh seafood entrées , steaks and unique cocktails . We recommend the signature Two Harbors "  Buffalo Milk " -- a sweet  and strong  concoction of liqueurs , vodka and whipped cream ; 310/510 -4215 . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright © Coastal Living , 2008	Two Harbors , on Catalina 's west end , is much quieter than Avalon Paddling tours visit secluded coves and mysterious caves Free hiking permits allow visitors to wander the island at will
Meiktila , Myanmar  CNN  -- Hnin Ei Phyu rides her motorbike across the city , goes out to dinner with Buddhist friends and has resumed her studies at a local university . Life has made a 180-degree turn for this 20-year-old Muslim woman . In March last year , her life was shattered by an explosion of sectarian violence between Buddhists and Muslims in her hometown of Meiktila in central Myanmar , which left more than 40 people dead and thousands more homeless . Hnin Ei Phyu 's family fled for their lives during the first of three days of rioting and spent more than a month in a shelter at a nearby sports stadium . Violent clashes During the clashes , which reportedly erupted after a dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers , rioters set fire to houses , schools , businesses and mosques . People were also beaten , doused with gasoline and set on fire . Meiktila 's Muslims were heavily outnumbered and suffered the bulk of the casualties . For more than a month , few  if any  Muslims remained in their homes because they were either destroyed or it simply was n't safe for them to stay there . Hnin Ei Phyu 's family was among the first group of Muslims to return home after the worst of the violence . Unlike others , their house was still standing . While some Muslims were returning , interviews with many people across the city made it clear that trust between Muslims and their Buddhist neighbors was broken . Police and soldiers were now stationed on streets where Muslims lived to protect them against further attacks . Hnin Ei Phyu 's university was shut down . She was no longer in contact with her Buddhist friends and her parents would not allow her to go more than a short distance from their home . More than a year on , a return trip to the city revealed that although extremist elements remain , relations have warmed between many Buddhists and Muslims in the community . "  We 're close again , " Hnin Ei Phyu said about her relationships with Buddhist friends . "  We spend time after classes and enjoy each other 's company now , whether we talk about movies or eat together . " Time heals wounds Her mother , Thidar Hla , agreed distrust has gradually given way to friendship . "  Time healed many of the wounds , " she said . There are no longer police or troops stationed on Thidar Hla 's street , and her family is no longer afraid to go anywhere in the city . This change in attitude is not exclusive to one side of the sectarian divide . Last year , U Aung Khin , a 51-year-old Buddhist man , told me he stopped talking to his Muslim friends and would not even go to his usual Muslim butcher because he was afraid his food might be poisoned . "  Now I 'd go to a Muslim butcher and my relationships with my Muslim friends are back to normal , " he said . Sann Win Shein , a Muslim and vice president of a local interfaith group called Meiktila Unity and Prosperity Association , says people have not forgotten what happened but realize that it was n't necessarily their neighbors who were the main culprits behind the riots . He blames extremist groups , adding that when angry mobs are divided along sectarian lines , normally peaceful people can get caught up in the rage and emotion . He also blames the local police for not stepping in early on -- last year 's violence did n't stop until President Thein Sein declared a state of emergency and called in the military after three days of rioting . Leaders of the interfaith group acknowledge that the attitudes of some people might never change , but they insist they 're in the minority . "  Within six months many people were back to being friends , " said Khin Soe , a Buddhist . Khin Soe says he 's optimistic this community can avoid a repeat of last year 's deadly riots . "  So many of these people have lived side by side for years and have been friends for years , " he said . This interfaith group , made up of Buddhists and Muslims from the community , started in May 2013 and during the course of an eight-month campaign handed out thousands of t-shirts , baseball caps and stickers with words that translate to "  No religious violence because of me . " Long-persecuted Rohingya The rekindling of friendships between Buddhists and Muslims in Meiktila is quite different from the situation between Rohingya Muslims and ethnic Rakhines in Myanmar 's western Rakhine State . The Rohingya are a long-persecuted minority in Myanmar who are denied citizenship and usually are not allowed to leave Rakhine . Unlike Meiktila , where Buddhists and Muslims live side by side , the Rohingya live in separate villages -- more than 140,000 live in camps for the displaced after their homes were destroyed in riots two years ago . The communal violence there also resulted in the deaths of hundreds of people . Many Rohingya have lived in Myanmar for generations and were brought here from India when Myanmar was a British colony called Burma . Many ethnic Burmese view the Rohingya as illegal intruders from what 's now Bangladesh , and refuse to call them Rohingya , using the term Bengali instead . But in Meiktila , where trust between Buddhists and Muslims is being rebuilt , sections of the city remain in ruins . In the Muslim majority Thiri Mingalar Quarter , there are only rocks and dirt where many homes and businesses used to stand . A few people , who have the financial means , have started rebuilding . Rebuilding lives The only section of the city that has a lot of construction underway is Chan Aye Tharyar Quarter . All 760 homes in the neighborhood were lost -- the majority of them belonged to Muslim families . Construction has started on about 350 houses . "  I want to bring back those families who lost their homes to these new homes , " said construction project manager , U Myint Htwe , adding that they 're building homes for Muslims , Buddhists , Christians and Hindus . He says the government is covering the costs of building roads , water lines and utility lines , but the money to cover the estimated $ 6 million needed to replace the homes is being raised privately . Most of the donors are Muslims living in Yangon , the country 's biggest city and commercial capital . MM Raunat Group , which is connected to a mosque in Yangon , is handling the fundraising and the rebuilding of Chan Aye Tharyar Quarter . But U Myint Htwe says organizers have only been able to raise half of the money they need so far . He says he has no idea when he 'll be able to finish the project . Returning home Nwe Nwe Oo is one of the Chan Aye Tharyar residents who hope to go back . "  I 'm always thinking about it , " she said . "  I even cry . " She 's one of more than 5,000 people still living in shelters and camps for the displaced . Nwe Nwe Oo 's shelter is for Muslims and is on the grounds of a local university about 14 miles outside of Meiktila . She has spent more than a year living inside a 15 by 20 foot room in a bamboo shelter without running water with her husband and two children , aged 12 and 14 . They have to walk for a few minutes to access the nearest toilet and shower . Nwe Nwe Oo cooks the family 's meals over a tiny , charcoal barbecue , one of dozens lined in orderly rows in the camp . Despite the tight living quarters , Nwe Nwe Oo says she is thankful . "  I 'm grateful to have a safe place to stay , " she said . Memories of the riots in Meiktila have n't faded , but many people here are cautiously optimistic about the direction things are heading . Last year , they talked about distrust and broken bonds . Now some of those same people discuss rebuilding the city and rekindling friendships between Buddhists and Muslims , all the while hoping that extremists do n't find a way to divide their community again .	Hnin Ei Phyu 's family fled their home during 2013 violence in Meiktila The unrest pitted Muslims against Buddhist majority following shop dispute The sectarian unrest exposed Myanmar 's ethnic faultlines Journalist David Grunebaum visits the town a year on and finds forgiveness
As Missouri governor , Jay Nixon believes the most important part of his job is keeping the people of his state safe . To that end , he told reporters Tuesday that he 's working "  around the clock " ahead of the grand jury decision in the case of Michael Brown . Brown , a black teen , was fatally shot by Darren Wilson , a white police officer , on August 9 . The jury is weighing whether to indict Wilson . Mayor anticipates protests in region where grand jury decides "  In the days immediately following Michael Brown 's death , peaceful protests were marred by senseless acts of violence and destruction , " the governor said . "  That ugliness was not representative of Missouri and it can not be repeated , " said Nixon . Many protesters were furious because they felt Brown 's killing was an example of excessive use of force . They and heavily armed law enforcement clashed in the streets for days after Brown 's death . Brown 's parents address U.N. Authorities , who drove armored vehicles and wore military gear , were roundly criticized by members of the media , other law enforcement officials and demonstrators for escalating the violence , rather than tempering it . Though the grand jury has until January to issue its ruling on Wilson , the prosecutor 's office has said a decision could come as early as mid-November . Ferguson Mayor James Knowles has previously told local media that authorities must "  prepare for the worst " and that he expects demonstrations across the area . Brown 's father said that he , too , foresees protests . "  We understand that our son is gone , but the movement will be that -- we 're trying to make sure that this does n't happen to anyone else , " Michael Brown Sr. told CNN . Nixon made clear he 's not anticipating violence , but wants to be ready for anything . Police from various departments will operate as a unified command . The National Guard will be available as necessary . Law enforcement is prepared to extend shifts and limit leave , and additional resources have been distributed , Nixon said . "  These measures are not being taken because we are convinced that violence will occur , but because we have a responsibility to prepare for any contingency , " said the governor . "  This is America . People have a right to express their views and grievances , but they do not have the right to put their fellow citizens or their property at risk , " he said . Complete coverage of Ferguson	Brown 's father : "  We 're trying to make sure that this does n't happen to anyone else " Nixon talks about preparations being made ahead of the grand jury decision The panel is weighing whether to indict the officer who killed Brown Brown , a black teen , was fatally shot by Darren Wilson , a white officer
STRASBOURG , France  CNN  -- With his navy blue suit jacket and gray-tinged hair , Christian Engstrom barely stands out from the sea of delegates seated in the European parliament . Christian Engstrom , deputy leader of Sweden 's Pirate Party , is an elected member of the European parliament . Yet the 49-year old Swede is a politician with a difference -- he is the world 's first democratically elected Internet pirate , and the leader of a growing international movement that Hollywood sees as a major threat to its movie-profit "  treasure chest . " In April of this year the Pirate Party gained international notoriety during a much publicized Stockholm court case , in which the founders of a file sharing site , The Pirate Bay , were given jail sentences and ordered to pay a fine to the entertainment industry . The much publicized tribunal and its verdict helped the Pirate Party  which is not affiliated with The Pirate Bay  ride a wave of popular support that saw its membership total triple from 14,000 to 42,000 . In June these figures translated into electoral support , as the single-issue party reeled in 7.1 percent of Sweden 's vote in the European elections , securing one of the country 's 18 seats in parliament . According to Engstrom , who is the party 's deputy leader , their goal in Brussels is now to "  ensure that Europe chooses a better road into the information society . " The party 's ultimate aim is to deregulate copyright , abolish the patent system and decrease online surveillance . Party members hold up Linux , the free operating system , and Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia , as examples of what has been achieved through collaboration on the Internet , even though the trend is still in its infancy . Engstrom , a former computer software programmer , believes the Internet 's freedoms and participatory culture are under threat . "  Things have been going in the wrong direction -- more surveillance , more control of everything we do on the net and also stricter copyright laws -- that 's the wrong course for Europe , " Engstrom told CNN . "  We want to set a new one . " Watch CNN 's chat with Engstrom " The prospect of reforming Internet laws has found particular resonance among younger voters . According to polls , nearly one in five Swedes under the age of 30 voted for The Pirate Party . Watch The Screening Room 's piracy special online The international film industry , on the other hand , is less than thrilled with the Pirate Party 's objectives . They say global piracy is looting billions of dollars of their hard-earned profits every year . A Motion Picture Association of America  MPAA  study from 2006 suggested that pirate "  booty " amounted to more than $ 6 billion worldwide . In the UK , campaign group Respect for Film says $ 818 million  # 500 million  is lost to piracy annually . Since the early 1980s the major Hollywood movie studios , represented by the MPAA , have fought hard to eliminate piracy -- both in the form of bootlegging , and more recently online file sharing . Punishments for file-sharers have ranged from fines and Internet bans to jail time . "  They have approached -LSB- piracy -RSB- in a very stupid way , " Engstrom told CNN . "  They 're alienating their customers , despite the fact that they are making more money than ever . Hollywood had its best year ever -LSB- in terms of box office revenues -RSB- in 2008 , so why are they complaining ? I ca n't understand that . " Members of the film industry contend that arguments like these do n't tell the whole story . Lavinia Carey of Respect for Film says that while box office earnings may appear strong , DVD sales are suffering . "  If a box office success is trumpeted in the media on the opening weekend , it makes the public think that copyright theft is n't actually doing any harm , " Carey told CNN . "  But very often cinemas are just a showcase for the more profitable end of the market , which includes DVD sales and sales to television companies . " According to Carey , the slump in subsidiary sales has had a domino effect on the entire industry . "  Employment is affected , people who are actually making movies are affected , and in the long term the consumer will suffer because we wo n't have the high-quality content in the future that we have come to expect , " she said . Engstrom and his fellow pirates feel little compassion for this line of argument . "  That 's the way life is when you 're running a business , " Engstrom told CNN . "  Things change , technology changes and the business environment changes . Successful businesses adapt rather than whine . " Should file sharing be legalized or it is nothing more than theft ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box or join in the discussion on CNN 's Facebook page Engstrom 's views appear to be striking a chord with young activists across Europe . Since its foundation in 2006 , the Swedish Pirate Party has inspired officially registered sister parties in six countries including Austria , the Czech Republic , France and Spain . Germany 's "  Piratenpartei " is the second largest , having snared nearly one percent of the German vote during the European elections . While Engstrom is proud of his party 's influence , he is not surprised by its swift achievements . "  It 's been three and a half years working constantly on it , on a daily basis . To someone from the outside it may look like we just appeared , but it 's not like that to us . " With an armada of pirate parties forming across the continent , the movement looks to set sail into what Engstrom hopes will be a bright future . "  It 's now that the pirate movement begins . It 's now that we want to reform first Europe and then hopefully the world . "	Christian Engstrom is the world 's first democratically-elected Internet pirate Deputy leader of Sweden 's Pirate Party was elected to Euro parliament in June Party goals : deregulate copyright , abolish patent system , boost online freedoms Pirate parties have formed in Germany , Estonia , Czech Republic , France , Spain
CNN Student News  -- August 18 , 2014 Welcome to a new week of CNN Student News ! Events covered in Monday 's show include a battle for a dam in Iraq , a visit by Pope Francis to South Korea , and an uncommon type of tribute to a former South American leader . We 'll also tour a model for a city of the future , though its viability is far from certain . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Lexi Thompson struggled to describe her delight after she won the Navistar LPGA Classic on Sunday to become the female golf tour 's youngest-ever winner . Thompson 's five-shot triumph at the Robert Trent Jones Trail 's Capitol Hill Senator Course -- aged 16 year , seven months and eight days -- beat the record previously held by her fellow American Marlene Hagge . "  It feels amazing , " Thompson told the Tour 's official website . "  I ca n't even describe it . It 's been my dream my whole life just to play out here . Getting a win right now , I ca n't describe the feelings , but it 's the best feeling ever . " The Florida resident , who became the youngest player to qualify for the women 's U.S. Open in 2007 at the age of 12 , finished 17-under-par after carding a final round of 70 to beat off competition from compatriot Tiffany Joh . Thompson was accompanied on the course by her father and caddy Scott , and the world number 124 said it was an emotional experience to walk up the final fairway with her Dad . "  I loved it , " she said . "  Just being there with my Dad , he was like , ` Lexi , just enjoy that walk . I am going off to the side because I might cry . ' "  You know , I definitely cried after I finished . Just finishing that with my dad on the bag , it was the best experience . I would n't be out here without my Dad and my Mom , of course . " Thompson received a check for $ 195,000 for her historic win , and the youngster pledged to donate $ 20,000 to the Wounded Warrior Project -- the tournament 's official charity , which helps wounded members of the Armed Forces . "  Well , I think they deserve it , " said Thompson . "  They give up their lives for us , you know , saving our country . I wore the pin every day . "  Donating to them , just you have to . I mean , look what they do for us . It 's just amazing that they do that . I definitely want to give back . " Angela Stanford finished in third position , one shot back from Joh , with the U.S. 's Brittany Lang and Karen Stupples of England tied for fourth position on 10-under .	Lexi Thompson becomes the youngest-ever winner on the LPGA Tour The 16-year-old clinched a five-shot victory at the Navistar Classic Thompson participated at the women 's U.S. Open aged 12
CNN  -- While Sen. Barack Obama says he 'll visit Iraq and Afghanistan before the election , he 's staying consistent with his plans to start withdrawing U.S. troops almost immediately should he become president . Sen. Barack Obama says he 'll go to Iraq and Afghanistan before November . Obama says the need to withdraw troops is twofold : "  One is to spur more action out of the Iraqis . ... But the second reason for withdrawal is the fact that we 're spending $ 10 -LSB- billion -RSB- to $ 12 billion a month in Iraq , " Obama said Monday while on a two-day swing through Michigan . "  The people here in Flint , Michigan , who I 'm going to be talking to , would like to see some of that investment made here at home . " Obama also expressed concern that the Bush administration would rush to make some sort of status of forces agreement that would be binding to the next administration . The war in Iraq is a key issue for voters in the United States , and Obama and Sen. John McCain offer vastly different solutions for how to handle it . Obama supports a phased withdrawal of troops . He says he 'd remove all combat brigades from Iraq within 16 months of taking office if he becomes president . McCain does not think American troops should return to the United States until Iraqi forces are capable of maintaining a safe , democratic state . He has been a strong advocate of the "  surge " -- the 2007 escalation of U.S. troops -- and says troops should stay in Iraq as long as needed . McCain says Obama is wrong for opposing the increased troop presence , and Obama says McCain 's judgment is flawed . Obama spoke Monday with Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari and told him he looked forward to seeing him in Baghdad before November . He also said he planned to visit Afghanistan before the election . Watch Obama say he 's going to Iraq " "  I emphasized to him how encouraged I was by the reductions in violence in Iraq , but also insisted that it is important for us to begin the process of withdrawing U.S. troops , making clear that we have no interest in permanent bases in Iraq , " Obama said . "  I gave -LSB- Zebari -RSB- an assurance that should we be elected , an Obama administration will make sure that we continue with the progress that 's been made in Iraq , that we wo n't act precipitously , " he said . Obama said Zebari did not express concern about a withdrawal of American troops , saying , "  He did emphasize his belief that we 've made real progress and , I think , was eager to see political accommodations between the factions follow up in the wake of this progress . " About the same time Obama was speaking to his traveling press corps , McCain told reporters at a press conference at his Arlington , Virginia , headquarters that Obama "  is now is closing in on his 900th day since he visited Iraq . " The Republican National Committee has a counter on its Web site that clocks the time since Obama 's last visit to the country . "  The whole debate in this campaign should be about whether we 're going to allow that surge to continue to succeed or we 're again going to do what Sen. Obama wanted to do , and that is to set a date for withdrawal long ago without giving the surge a chance to succeed , " said McCain , again criticizing Obama for not meeting directly with Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. military commander in Iraq . "  I do n't know how you can draw conclusions such as Sen. Obama has without even sitting down and talking with our commander on the ground , " he added . McCain sat down with the visiting foreign minister one day before Obama . Watch McCain talk with Zebari " The senator from Arizona said they had a "  very good discussion about the challenges that have been overcome and the challenges that lay ahead , " and he said there is "  no doubt " that the surge has succeeded . There have been recent improvements in Iraq , where there are more than 150,000 U.S. troops . The number of deaths of U.S. troops there was at a five-year low last month , and Zebari said Saturday that the country has the lowest level of violence in the past four years . Military experts and Brookings analysts Michael O'Hanlon and Kenneth Pollack triggered criticism last year when they returned from Iraq and argued that things were not as bad as they had seemed . Watch experts weigh in on Iraq " "  I do think that there was a sense among the Democratic Party that the war , and the failure of the war , was going to be a major election issue for them that they could use against the Republicans , " Pollack said Sunday on CNN . "  And so , when you had two Democrats coming back and saying , ` Look , there actually is progress there . This thing is not completely lost , and we ought to give it some more time ' -- which is effectively all we were saying -- I think that this was a bombshell , because it was n't what people had heard before . " O'Hanlon said Sunday that they 've seen continued progress , especially in the capabilities of the Iraqi security forces . He said Democrats are not rethinking their Iraq policy because , for many of them , "  this is the symbol of the Bush administration 's failed foreign policy . " "  This became the symbol of Bush administration arrogance and unilateralism . And then , for four years it went badly . So , given that backdrop , it 's pretty hard for Democrats to come around to the idea that perhaps , by Bush finally letting professionals run this war instead of ideologues , that we have begun to rescue this situation . I think that 's the simplest interpretation . " CNN 's Alexander Marquardt and Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Obama says he 'll visit Iraq , Afghanistan before election RNC Web site has counter clocking days since Obama 's last visit McCain , Obama offer vastly different strategies to deal with Iraq Analysts see improvement on the ground in Iraq
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong 's embattled chief executive has said the city 's pro-democracy movement is "  out of hand " and being influenced by "  external forces " from outside the city . In a television interview with a local station that aired Sunday , C.Y. Leung said the protests , which have lasted more than three weeks , have "  gone out of control even for the people who started it , for people who planned it , for people  who  scripted it . " Without identifying any particular group or individuals , Leung said this was not "  entirely a domestic movement " and that there was "  obviously participation by people , organizations from outside of Hong Kong , in politics in Hong Kong , over a long time . This is not the only time when they do it , and this is not an exception either . " Reacting to the suggestion of foreign interference , teen protest leader Joshua Wong tweeted : "  My personal connection with foreign countries would be : South Korean cellphone , U.S. computer , Japanese Gundam action figures . All of which were of course , made in China . " Violence erupts Leung was speaking in the wake of further clashes over the weekend between protesters and police in the city 's Mong Kok district after the authorities attempted to reopen roads in the area to traffic . Protesters crossed police lines , authorities said , clashing with officers as the situation turned violent . At least 240 people were injured , according to the Hong Kong Hospital Authority , which manages all public hospitals in the city . Eighteen police officers were injured , Hong Kong police said . Violence erupted after police conducted a dawn raid Friday on a student protest camp in the commercial and residential area of Kowloon . Authorities then moved to clear a major intersection occupied by the pro-democracy movement , tearing down tents and dismantling barricades . Around 500 to 600 police carrying wire cutters and riot shields stormed the site , a smaller offshoot of the main downtown protest area , catching the 100 to 200 protesters by surprise . Secretary for Security Lai Tung-kwok called protesters in Mong Kok "  radical , " saying they were not protesting peacefully but instead carrying out violent acts and violating public order . Protest talks The city 's deputy leader , Chief Secretary Carrie Lam , said Saturday that televised talks with pro-democracy protesters would take place on Tuesday , with Lingnan University President Leonard Cheng , a former adviser of Leung , as moderator . This news received a lukewarm from Yvonne Leung , spokeswoman for the Hong Kong Federation of Students , who said the protest group did n't "  have much opinion " about the details of the meeting . Political commentator Frank Ching told CNN Monday that the talks are unlikely to produce results because the Hong Kong government is not in a position to meet the demands of the protesters . "  They ca n't agree to overthrow the August 31 decision -LSB- by China 's National People 's Congress -RSB- . I do n't think that C.Y. Leung will resign . What is in their authority to do is to open up Civic Square , where the protesters used to be . The protesters want that to be opened up to the public . " Ching was referring to China 's insistence that any candidate nominated for the election of the city 's next chief executive in 2017 must come from a shortlist approved by a largely pro-Beijing committee . Leung has repeatedly said Beijing will not retract its decision . Currently , the chief executive is elected by a specially-appointed 1,200-member election committee . Protesters are demanding the freedom to vote for a candidate of their choice and the immediate resignation of Leung . Internet clampdown Meanwhile , police said at least 33 people were arrested following the weekend clashes and now face various charges , including property damage , disorderly conduct , weapons possession and resisting arrest . On Sunday , a 23-year-old protest leader was arrested for posting messages on an online forum encouraging people to join an unlawful assembly and charge at police , as authorities warned against using the Internet to incite "  unlawful " Occupy protests . The protests have been characterized by the use of social media and technology to organize and mobilize support for a campaign of "  civil disobedience . " Armed with smartphones utilizing super-fast mobile networks , Hong Kong 's young protesters have been able to deploy in large numbers at a moment 's notice . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Katie Hunt , Anjali Tsui , Pamela Boykoff and Esther Pang contributed to this report .	Hong Kong Chief Executive C.Y. Leung says the protests "  have gone out of control " He says the protests have also been influenced by external forces beyond Hong Kong Weekend clashes between protesters and police left more than 200 people injured Talks between the Hong Kong government and student leaders will take place Tuesday
CNN  -- When the 2,455 th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is laid on Monday for actor Steve Guttenberg , Ana Martinez will once again be working behind the scenes as curator-in-chief to the iconic attraction . The Walk of Fame is one of showbiz 's most visible landmarks , and Martinez has been its inconspicuous producer for almost half the attraction 's 51 years , making sure the constellation of stars is perfectly aligned on the Hollywood sidewalks . For 24 years , she has been the person deciding where celebrities will receive their coveted symbol of fame in the heart of Tinseltown . When a star is unveiled to the international press corps , Martinez is the field marshal orchestrating every detail of one of showbiz 's alpha moments . "  If there was one phrase to describe Ana , it would be mistress of ceremonies , " said Sam Smith , the former chairman of the board for the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce . "  She truly is a master of the ceremonies . " Martinez has produced 586 star ceremonies . On Monday , Martinez will be at the ready with clipboard and iPhone in hand , negotiating over an obstacle course that typically numbers 22 film crews with 39 people , 22 still photographers , eight wire photographers , three newspaper reporters , two radio reporters , two photographers from the Chamber of Commerce and sometimes a celebrity 's personal photographer . "  She is a gatekeeper of the integrity of the Walk of Fame . At the same time she 's responsible for promoting the Walk of Fame all around the world , " said Smith . A star is awarded after a lengthy process in which hundreds of nomination applications are sent to the Hollywood chamber , and then its Walk of Fame committee selects the winners , with the approval of the chamber 's board of directors . The names also are submitted to the city of Los Angeles ' Board of Public Works Department . The chamber requires a $ 30,000 "  sponsorship fee , " often paid by a studio , recording label or even a group of fans , chamber officials said . Martinez also coordinates when her boss , the president of the Chamber of Commerce , and various political figures speak in honor of the star . Los Angeles Mayor Antonio R. Villaraigosa recognizes the importance of the walk as a civic landmark . He said it is "  a powerful magnet which brings people from around the world to Los Angeles . " "  Ana Martinez and the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce have played a vital role cementing L.A. 's reputation as the creativity capital of the world , " Villaraigosa said in a written statement to CNN . It 's clear that Martinez loves what she does . Martinez , who is 5 feet 4 inches with shoulder-length brown hair , declined to give her age , but said she started her career at the chamber as a receptionist in her early 20s after a brief stint at CBS . She assisted the then-publicist in handling the Walk of Fame . The publicist left the chamber six months later and even though Martinez was the obvious person to fill the role , management initially hesitated . "  The other staff and management said I was too nice , too shy , " Martinez said . But Martinez eventually evolved in a way many stars do . "  I had to create a different persona for the  star  ceremonies , " she said . "  I have to control everything . " With her staple head-to-toe black regalia to her dark shades -- green or gray depending on how bright it is outside -- she definitely controls the event . When singer Shakira received her star in November , fans turned out in full force . The emotional followers swelled to nearly a thousand and nearly spilled over barricades when they saw their idol . Martinez said she welcomes fans because it also is a big day for them , but she keeps a close eye on security . When one enthusiastic Shakira fan jumped over a barrier to meet his idol , the no-nonsense show-runner sprang into action . "  I grabbed his wrist , pushed him back and our security girl carried him out , " Martinez said . Then of course , there is the celebrity . Martinez often already knows each family member and friend of the star by name before they arrive . She keeps a close eye on her iPhone , looking to see if the stars are on schedule in order to greet them and their entourages and lead them through the ceremony . After the celebrity gives his or her speech , Martinez quickly directs them to the star , which is then unveiled . The media , who are packed in a tightly sectioned-off sidewalk space around the star , attempt to get a shot of the celebrity . Martinez decides in advance where each media organization will be positioned . Martinez streamlines the production and cues the stars and their entourages on which cameras they should direct their gaze to and for how long . Within a few hours , thousands of the images Martinez orchestrates from the ceremony permeate the Internet . Though Martinez 's career involves cementing names on the Walk , she knows the faces in Hollywood often change as quickly as the styles on the city 's storefront displays . But she has been a constant in the city , a meaningful achievement in Hollywood 's transient culture , where broken dreams predominate . She has also watched Hollywood drastically change from a seedier era when prostitutes and adult bookstores reigned on the streets . "  We do n't have that any more , " said Martinez . "  Hollywood has changed , even the Walk of Fame has changed . " She credits former star and honorary Hollywood Mayor Johnny Grant for the redevelopment . "  The MTA -LSB- Metropolitan Transportation Authority -RSB- money was going to go to another state -- he went and talked to the attorney general and convinced them to keep the money in Hollywood . That 's why you have  the  Hollywood and Highland  Center  . " As Hollywood evolved , so did the number of stars on the Walk of Fame . Martinez said the walk she and Grant oversaw brought tourists to Hollywood . "  Every day it 's mobbed with people . In the summer it 's booming . They want to be near the Walk of Fame , and what is now the hub of Hollywood . " In her time at the chamber , Martinez has become a sort of encyclopedia for the Walk of Fame . She can rattle off where every star is , who was late to the ceremony and which awards of the 300-pound marble monuments caused controversy . Marlon Brando 's Walk of Fame moment was one of those . Martinez said Grant dealt with the outcry . "  Marlon Brando allegedly said some anti-Semitic comments and they called Johnny Grant . ... He says , ` If we move the star for every person that might have said something , there would be no Walk of Fame , ' " she said , remembering Grant 's no-nonsense business attitude . Even in a moment of panic , Martinez is the consummate businesswoman . Smith said he sees the resemblance between Martinez and her mentor . "  You get how serious she is just from her tone of voice , " Smith said . "  And people do n't cross it . When he used to run the ceremonies , people did n't mess with Johnny either . " Martinez does n't just promote the celebrities , she promotes an entire tourist attraction that is recognized around the globe . The walk "  brings a lot of people to the community , " she said . She recalled an earthquake that shook Los Angeles many years ago and how the tourists did n't budge . "  Nothing fazed , them . They want to be where their celebrity has stood , " Martinez said . Not every part of the star construction has always gone so smoothly , however . Just hours before Julia Louis-Dreyfus ' star ceremony took place , a CNN producer walking by noticed the star 's name was missing the hyphen and the "  o " in "  Louis . " "  I was really upset . I pride myself on everything going perfect , " said Martinez . She now has the star installers text a picture of the lettering before they cement it into the star , she said . Even though it was one of the roughest days of her career , Martinez focuses on the positive : "  It turned out to be the best thing ever . " "  We had so much publicity we might do it again , " she joked . There were no hard feelings over that celebrity snafu . Actress Dreyfus called it her "  Seinfeld moment . " There are several stars Martinez hopes to add to the walk . She said she is saving a spot in front of Grauman 's Chinese Theater for Clint Eastwood . Including him in the Walk of Fame would be additionally meaningful , she said , because not even her mentor was able to get him . "  That 's the one Johnny Grant always wanted , " Martinez said . "  It will be an accomplished goal . "	Ana Martinez is the curator-in-chief for the Hollywood Walk of Fame So far Martinez has produced 586 star ceremonies On Monday she will be at the helm for the unveiling of Steve Guttenberg 's star
Read this story in Spanish at CNN Espanol . CNN Espanol  In a world first , a court in Argentina issued a historic and unprecedented ruling that favors the rights of an orangutan held in captivity . Sandra the orangutan was granted a legal action so she may be transferred to a habitat in keeping with her development . Argentina 's Association of Professional Lawyers for Animal Rights filed a writ of habeas corpus , a resource to avoid arbitrary arrests , on Sandra 's behalf . Once the release and transfer order is issued , the orangutan would be taken to a sanctuary in Brazil , where she would live under partial or controlled freedom . Sandra , who has been living in captivity for the past 20 years at the Buenos Aires Zoo , was considered a "  nonhuman being " and she was granted basic rights , such as life , freedom and a premise of "  no harm " either physically or psychologically . Argentina 's Federal Chamber of Criminal Cassation ruled the primate is a subject of law , "  a nonhuman being that has certain rights , and can enforce them through legal procedure , " according to Andrés Gil Domínguez , Sandra 's attorney . "  This is an unprecedented ruling , the first ruling worldwide , " said the lawyer . Previously , Argentine laws interpreted animals as things . Buenos Aires Zoo officials did not issue a statement but will have up to two weeks to appeal the ruling . Even though this is a case that sets a global precedent , specialists in this matter confirmed this type of ruling only applies to cases like Sandra 's and great apes , who share 96 % of their genetic identity with human beings . Science considers chimpanzees , gorillas and orangutans to have understanding and feelings that can be compared with those of humans . "  It has been proven that Sandra and primates held in captivity have not only lost their freedom , they have lost the ability to live in a natural habitat , but it has also been proven that they are affected , that they suffer from confinement , and it is damage that is deep and serious , " said Gil . Some animal rights activists interpret this ruling as opening new perspectives for species in captivity . For Pia Pacheco , from the NGO Project Gran Simio Argentina , this case is "  a reflection of certain changes that are taking place in our country in matters related to the consideration people have towards animals and the future they may have . "	An animal rights group files a writ asking for freedom for Argentine orangutan Sandra Sandra had been living at the Buenos Aires Zoo for 20 years A court rules that Sandra is a "  nonhuman being " with rights to freedom and "  no harm " The zoo has up to two weeks to appeal the ruling
CNN  -- The Justice Department has reached a settlement with American Airlines and US Airways that requires them to sell facilities at seven airports in order to complete their planned $ 11 billion merger to create the world 's biggest carrier . The deal announced Tuesday allows low-cost airlines to increase their presence at Boston Logan , Chicago 's O'Hare , Dallas Love Field , Los Angeles , Miami , New York LaGuardia , and Washington National airports . The Justice Department and attorneys general from several states and the District of Columbia sued in August seeking to block the merger on grounds it would lead to higher prices and less service for consumers . Feeling cramped ? How to battle the shrinking airline seat The agreement requires court approval as part of American 's bankruptcy restructuring . The carriers now expect to complete their merger in December . Antitrust officials claimed the planned merger , which follows a wave of airline industry consolidation in recent years , would "  substantially lessen competition " for commercial air travel . The carriers fought back , saying that integrating their networks to benefit passengers was their motivation for merging and that blocking the deal would only "  deny customers access " to a broader network that "  gives them more choices . " What 's holding back African airlines ?	Justice Department had sued to block the planned combination of the two big airlines The deal announced on Tuesday requires the carriers to sell certain facilities to boost competition
CNN  -- Rolls-Royce said Friday that the failure of a specific component of its Trent 900 engine caused an oil fire that then forced a Qantas A380 to make an emergency landing . "  The failure was confined to a specific component in the turbine area of the engine , " the engine maker said . "  This caused an oil fire , which led to the release of the intermediate pressure turbine disc . " The incident will cause the company 's full year profit growth to be slightly lower than "  guided , " Rolls-Royce said Friday . In July , the company had predicted its underlying profits would grow between four and five percent compared to 2009 . On Monday , Qantas CEO Alan Joyce told reporters the planes will not return to service until the airline is "  100 percent sure " about their safety . Oil leaks have been discovered in engines on three planes , and investigations continue , Joyce added . The leaks were beyond normal tolerances , he said . On November 4 , a Qantas flight was forced to return to Singapore 's Changi Airport after one of its engines shut down and the engine 's covering , or cowling , tore off above the western Indonesian island of Batam . The Australia-bound flight was carrying 440 passengers and 26 crew members .	Rolls-Royce : The incident will cause full year profit growth to be lower A Qantas A380 made an emergency landing after one of its engine shut down Company : Oil leaks have been discovered in engines on three planes
CNN  -- The number of China 's so-called "  baby hatches " -- places where mothers can leave newborn babies anonymously -- is set to increase as the government tries to protect more of the country 's abandoned infants . The hatches , which were first introduced in Shijiazhuang , the capital of China 's northeastern Hebei province in 2011 , consist of a temperature-controlled room equipped with a baby 's cradle and an incubator . Once dropped off anonymously , an alarm is sounded and a welfare worker attends to the child minutes later . There are currently 25 baby hatches in 10 provinces across China , and the China Center for Children 's Welfare and Adoption  CCCWA  told state media agency Xinhua that more will be set up , in a further 18 regions . A Mr. Zhou from the Beijing Civil Affairs Department told CNN that they plan to open a baby hatch within the year and the project is one of the department 's top priorities . Children are often given up due to disability or severe illness -- largely to parents without the necessary means to provide for their offspring -- and historically , due to the sex of the child in a country where boys are traditionally favored and strict one-child policies have put pressure on families to produce male heirs . While statistics point to a largely even split between boys and girls , almost all the infants given up at baby hatches suffer from disabilities or severe illness . Proponents of the system say that the "  baby safety islands " , as they are officially known in China , significantly reduce the mortality rates of abandoned babies , providing a safe , warm environment with immediate care and improving on the wretched conditions that infants are often left in . According to the code of conduct released by Ministry of Civil Affairs , the facilities should issue an announcement to look for the baby 's parents . The baby will be adopted into a child welfare institution -- a state orphanage -- if it is not claimed by parents or legal guardians after the announcement has expired . The baby hatch system is not without its detractors , however . Some in the country criticize the policy , saying that it could encourage parents to give up unwanted infants . The practice is also used in various countries around the world , including in Europe . In countries like Germany "  babyklappe " are also considered controversial -- and inhabiting a legal gray area thanks to new laws that protect children 's rights to know their mother 's identity -- but have been used relatively infrequently . Since opening in late January , a baby hatch in the southern city of Guangzhou has received almost 80 infants , according to a Xinhua report cited in the party-funded English-language People 's Daily . A China National Radio report said a baby hatch in Nanjing was "  crowded with visitors . " The owner of a nearby convenience store told CNR that she saw parents drop babies off at the facility every day . Li Bo , head of the CCCWA , says that there is no evidence to show that baby hatches lead to an increase in child abandonment , and that the service should be viewed as a practical move . "  Laws emphasize prevention , while baby hatches focus on rescue after the laws are broken , " he said . The original baby hatch in Shijiazhuang reported a comparable number of infants abandoned in 2009-10 to that recorded since the service was established in June 2011 . "  I do n't think the baby hatches would encourage people to abandon their babies , " population expert at the University of Wisconsin-Madison Fuxian Yi said . "  Nanjing is an individual case . The story has been exaggerated . Its impact is waiting to be seen , it 's too soon to judge . " The efficacy of the baby hatches aside , the number of abandoned infants in China does , for some critics , point to deficiencies in China 's welfare system , especially for children born with illnesses or disabilities . A comprehensive system that goes far beyond the immediate care offered by baby hatches should be a priority , according to Tong Lihua , who runs a Beijing legal aid and study center for adolescents . "  We need a comprehensive system to better protect them , " he is quoted as saying . CCCWA 's Li says a medical insurance system , reinforcing other support mechanisms , should be implemented . Recent moves to relax China 's strict one-child policy may also positively affect abandonment numbers in the country . The program is attracting debate on Chinese social media as well . "  It 's good for the babies , but the most important issue now is where would they go when they grow up , " said one Sina Weibo user . "  Is it a sign to legal -LSB- ize -RSB- abandoning babies ? " asked another . CNN 's Dayu Zhang contributed to this report	China 's "  baby hatches " provide a safe environment for people to anonymously abandon infants Supporters say the program significantly improves mortality rates of abandoned infants Some critics see hatches as band-aid to overall problems with China 's welfare laws
CNN  -- Kim Clijsters has been lured out of retirement once before and if anything is going to encourage the former world no. 1 out for a third stint on tour it 's the thought of playing at the Australian Open . Speaking with world no. 14 Ana Ivanovic on CNN 's Open Court , the 30-year-old Belgian admitted to a few pangs of jealousy as her Serbian friend prepared to jet off to Melbourne for the year 's first grand slam . "  Yeah I 'm a little bit jealous when you told me that you 're leaving tomorrow , " said Clijsters , who won the last of her four grand slam titles at Melbourne in 2011 . Read more : Full coverage of CNN 's Open Court "  A lot of people ask me do you miss being on the road or do you miss playing tennis or the competition ? And that 's what I kind of miss the most last year was being in Australia at the start of the year . " The Clijsters , who retired for the second time in 2012 , wo n't be the only European pining for a bit of summer sun to soothe the winter blues . But while most visitors would flock to the beach or lounge around a pool , it 's clear that the former world no. 1 still misses the more active outdoor life that Aussie life affords . "  The first morning when you wake up with a huge jet lag , four , five o'clock in the morning and everybody is running or swimming , you can go outside and they are on their bikes and that 's what I love , " she says . "  I think if I would do that here in Belgium people would think I 'm going crazy . Then again , the weather is not suited to living that kind of life style . I miss that . " However , the mother of two -- Clijsters has a five-year-old daughter , Jada and gave birth to a son , Jack last September -- is n't about to make a comeback like she did in 2009 . "  I do n't miss the competition . I do n't miss the heavy work out schedule . It was getting harder with Jada to combine it and now with Jack . I enjoy working out still but I enjoy doing it when I feel like doing it . " Living an active life is a habit Clijsters is keen to pass on to her children , but she 's not about to become another one of tennis ' pushy parents . "  I 'm not the kind of person where I want  Jada  to be like me and want her to have a career like me , " Clijsters told CNN in December 2012 . "  She plays a bit , she 's at the club that I own with a friend every Wednesday , she goes there just for the social side of things ... "  It 's just fun to see her have a social life and be among friends while playing sports . Whether it 's swimming , track and field or tennis , I 'll support her whatever she wants to do . "  But I 'm not going to be the mother that 's like , ` We 're going to play tennis , we 're going to practice this and this shot ' -- I 'm not like that at all . " Read more : Tennis mum Clijsters says final farewell Read more : Ana Ivanovic searches for winning formula	Former world no. 1 tells CNN 's Open Court she misses not going to Melbourne Mother of two retired from tennis for a second time in 2012 Clijsters resumed career in 2009 after originally retiring in 2007 Belgian won a total of four grand slam titles -- the last in Melbourne in 2011
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A massage therapist who accused John Travolta of sexually assaulting him at the Beverly Hills Hotel hired high-profile attorney Gloria Allred to represent him a day after he withdrew from a lawsuit filed by another lawyer . "  We are in the process of conferring with him regarding the next steps , which he may wish to take , " Allred said . The original federal suit against Travolta is still pending , but it involves just one male therapist who says the actor groped him during a massage at an Atlanta hotel . Attorney Okorie Okorocha , who filed the lawsuit last week , dropped John Doe # 1 , who made the Beverly Hills allegation , from the complaint Tuesday because of the Texas man 's confusion over the date of the alleged incident . Travolta lawyer Martin Singer called the charges from both men "  ridiculous " and said the dismissal of John Doe # 1 "  completely vindicated " the actor on that allegation . "  We fully expect that my client will similarly be vindicated with respect to Doe # 2 , as well as with respect to any other person who makes meritless claims against John Travolta , " Singer said . That dismissal was "  without prejudice , which means that he is still legally entitled to file a lawsuit against John Travolta if he chooses , " Allred said Wednesday . Okorocha apologized last Friday for putting the wrong date of the John Doe # 1 incident in the lawsuit , saying his first client initially told him it was January 16 , 2012 . Singer produced a restaurant receipt and a time-stamped photograph that showed the actor was in New York , not Los Angeles , on that date . Instead of just changing the date on the filing to January 15 -- the day John Doe # 1 later decided was when it happened -- Okorocha decided to withdraw the allegation from the lawsuit . Otherwise , it would have hampered the chances of John Doe # 2 's case , he said . Okorocha also said he had "  personality conflicts " with John Doe # 1 that contributed to his decision . The lawyer insisted in a CNN interview Tuesday that he would "  mop up " in the courtroom with the allegations made by John Doe # 2 . "  I can guarantee that John Doe # 2 has a truckload of witnesses to back up what he 's saying , " he said . His case is also bolstered by a series of e-mails in which the Atlanta plaintiff complains to his supervisor about Travolta 's advances , Okorocha said . Singer attacked one e-mail published in some online reports that purportedly supports the Doe # 2 claims . "  Various media outlets are reporting on an e-mail that Doe # 2 allegedly sent to his bosses , which significantly does not refer to my client at all , nor does it make any mention whatsoever of any of the things outrageously alleged in Doe # 2 's lawsuit , " Singer said . "  Instead , Doe # 2 voiced complaints about his co-workers gossiping and being insubordinate . " The e-mail 's lack of Travolta 's name "  says it all , " Singer said . "  Nothing that is alleged in Doe # 2 's lawsuit was mentioned in the e-mail he sent to his bosses , making his claims even more unbelievable . " "  The allegations in ` Doe # 2 's ' lawsuit are unraveling , just like ` Doe # 1 's ' ridiculous allegations , which were proven false and impossible , " he said . Okorocha disagreed . "  I think I can show a custom , habit and practice , " Okorocha said , referring to his allegation that the actor has sexually assaulted dozens of other massage therapists over the years . "  If I bring in 100 people that do n't have an ax to grind , do n't want any money , they 're in 50 different states , they do n't know each other , they 're all massage therapists , they all have dates , they 're at different spa resorts and they say this exact same thing happened , it 's pretty hard to refute , " Okorocha said . His client "  ai n't going nowhere , " and is looking forward to a trial , he said . "  He means business , and he is absolutely determined and he 's as solid as they come as when it comes to character , history , reputation , " Okorocha said . "  He 's everything you would want in a client . " The second plaintiff was a staff massage therapist at the Atlanta hotel where he claims he was assaulted by Travolta on January 25 , the amended lawsuit said . Travolta , 58 , has been married to actress Kelly Preston for 20 years . The oldest of their three children , Jett , was 16 when he died of a seizure while the family was vacationing in the Bahamas in January 2009 . CNN 's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	John Doe # 1 "  is still legally entitled " to sue John Travolta if he wants , she says "  We are in the process of conferring with him regarding the next steps , " Allred says Travolta 's lawyer called the charges from both men ridiculous A federal lawsuit accuses Travolta of groping a male massage therapist in Atlanta
CNN  -- Italian champions Inter Milan have handed a new three-year contract to veteran defender Marco Materazzi . Marco Materazzi now seems set to end his playing career with Inter Milan . The 35-year-old World Cup winner 's existing deal had been due to run out at the end of next summer , but he is now set to stay at the San Siro until 2012 . A statement on the Inter Web site read : " FC Internazionale and Marco Materazzi announce the agreement for an extension which will bind the player to the club until 30 June 2012 . " The center-back has made almost 250 appearances for the Nerazzurri since joining Inter in 2001 , winning four Serie A titles . However , last season he was restricted to just 15 outings under new manager Jose Mourinho . "  I 'll be Inter for life , " he wrote on his official Web site , Goal.com reported on Thursday . "  And it 's not just a figure of speech . I could not have been more satisfied before leaving for my holidays -- I have extended my contract with Inter until 2012 , hence until the end of my career . "  That 's what I have always desired , since I am an Inter fan as much as I am one of their players . "  I will quit football wearing this shirt , and now I only want to try and win as much as we can both in Italy and in Europe . We 'll see each other on July 10 for the start of the new season . I will be fired up . " Materazzi is still best known for his antics in the 2006 World Cup final , when his comments to Zinedine Zidane led to the France playmaker being sent off for a vicious headbutt in his farewell international which ended with the Italians being crowned world champions . Meanwhile , Inter have also completed the signing of Genoa midfielder Thiago Motta on a four-year contract . The 26-year-old , who resurrected his career last season after moving from Barcelona , has finalized a deal that was agreed earlier in the summer and also saw Argentine striker Diego Milito move to the San Siro on Tuesday . Inter confirmed that midfielder Francesco Bolzoni , defender Leonardo Bonucci and striker Riccardo Meggiorini will join the Grifoni on a permanent basis in an overall package including the five players worth a reported $ 42 million .	Marco Materazzi handed new three-year contract by Italian champions The 35-year-old defender now tied to Inter Milan until the summer of 2012 The center-back 's existing deal was due to expire in a year 's time Inter complete signing of Brazilian midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa
Baghdad  CNN  -- Casualties from Wednesday 's wave of attacks across Iraq rose to 93 people dead and 312 wounded , the Interior Ministry said Thursday , making it the deadliest day in the country since the United States withdrew its troops in December . The attacks were mostly aimed at Shiite pilgrims trekking and driving to a shrine in Baghdad . The scale of violence left some stunned . "  I am deeply shocked and utterly dismayed by the despicable attacks across Iraq today that have claimed the lives of scores of Iraqis , including many pilgrims , and have injured dozens more , " Martin Kobler , the U.N. secretary-general 's special representative for Iraq , said Wednesday . "  The scale of the violence is disturbing . I urgently appeal to the government to address the root causes of the violence and terrorism that are causing so much suffering and pain to the Iraqi people . " The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said the attacks "  killed and wounded innocent men , women , and children of all religious and ethnic backgrounds . " "  The perpetrators of these cowardly terrorist attacks must be brought to justice and we will support Iraq 's Security Forces in this effort in any way we can . " Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki met with Tony Blinken , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden 's national security adviser , in Baghdad on Thursday . The two men discussed U.S.-Iraqi relations , but it is unclear whether they talked about the attacks . En route from across the country , including the Shiite heartland of southern Iraq , pilgrims have been headed to the Imam Kadhim shrine in the Kadhimiya neighborhood of Baghdad . The event culminates Saturday when the faithful commemorate the death of Imam Moussa al-Kadhim , one of 12 revered imams in Shiite Islam . The violence sparks fears of a renewal of the fighting between Sunnis and Shiites in Iraq in the last decade , a longtime animosity intensified by the U.S. invasion of Iraq and the toppling of the Saddam Hussein regime . Most people in Iraq are Shiites , but under Hussein , Sunnis held a great deal of power despite their minority status . Shiites gained the upper hand politically after Hussein was overthrown by a U.S.-led invasion in 2003 . Sunnis felt disenfranchised amid that political backdrop , and many backed insurgent actions against the government . As a result , Sunni-Shiite violence exploded in the 2000s . The violence eventually ebbed as the war wound down , but ever since , there have been spurts of high-profile attacks . One of the deadliest days recently came on January 5 when at least 60 people were killed in attacks that again targeted Shiites on a pilgrimage . But Wednesday 's violence eclipses that day and is reminiscent of last decade 's sectarian strife . More than 100 people died in three separate actions as recently as 2009 . A string of suicide bombs in December of 2009 left 127 people dead . And two car bombs outside Baghdad 's province building and the Justice Ministry in October of that year killed 160 people . In August , two truck bombings and three other blasts left at least 100 people dead . Al Qaeda 's umbrella group in Iraq , a Sunni group that has targeted Shiites , claimed responsibility for those attacks . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : The attacks are reminiscent of high-profile strikes last decade NEW : Most of the victims in the latest wave of attacks are Shiite pilgrims The attacks were aimed at Shiite pilgrims trekking and driving to a shrine in Baghdad The shrine to al-Kadhim in Baghdad is one of Shiite Islam 's holiest sites
CNN  -- Yes , it 's a limited sample . Yes , it 's more likely for people who are disgruntled to comment than people who are pleased . Bruce Springsteen expressed strong reservations about a possible Ticketmaster-Live Nation merger . But still : CNN.com users who responded to our iReport and blog queries about the possible Ticketmaster-Live Nation merger were really , really unhappy . "  Put ` going to a rock concert ' on your list of ` Things you used to do , but ca n't anymore , ' along with watching free television , seeing a double-feature with a cartoon , and riding a train cross country , " wrote Carlos Sandoval . "  Ahh , the beginning of yet another monopoly . I hope the feds nix this one , " added RJ . "  Ticketmaster is already nearly a monopoly in the ticket game . Live Nation is built on greed . Might be a marriage made in heaven for them , but it 's a marriage made in hell for the concert-going public , " wrote Allison . Many who commented were compelled to share their horror stories , of which there were many . "  I was recently at a concert where I sat at the top of the stadium -- read : the WORST seats , " wrote Kim Levering . "  And I was surrounded by people who had bought their tickets through a Ticketmaster pre-sale . So lem me get this straight ... Ticketmaster rewards its customers and loyal fans by providing them with the worst seats in the house  even when selecting ` best available '  during a pre-sale ? " "  I hoped Live Nation would provide competition for Ticketmaster and the outlandish surcharges and service fees , " wrote avettbrosfan . "  Unfortunately , when I went to buy a '30 dollar ' lawn ticket to see the Avett Brothers and Dave Matthews Band , the Live Nation surcharges bumped the ticket up to 52 dollars ! So much for that hope . " Read more comments on the Marquee blog Other people wrote of being forced to pay $ 100 surcharges , of being sent to other ticket sites  including Ticketmaster 's own premium site , TicketsNow  and of all the other costs to go to a concert , such as parking , refreshments and merchandise . iReport : Your reaction to the possible merger "  Here in L.A. , the -LSB- Bruce Springsteen -RSB- TicketsNow tickets were available immediately when the tickets when on sale . Those seats were never available to the public to begin with . ` Reputable brokers ' means ` really just us using a different name , ' " wrote Mauricio Heilbron Jr. , M.D. Still , Ticketmaster had its defenders . The company 's Web site is clean and simple , and it beats the old days of camping out at stores , wrote Steve . "  I remember all too well those days of standing in line for hours at Dillards to get to their Ticketmaster outlet , and still getting lousy tickets , " he said . "  I 'll be glad for the day when all tickets are available from one single outlet online . " Lost in all this is the impact on musicians , who seldom have a choice regarding ticket sellers at large venues . Pearl Jam had its protest in the '90s ; Bruce Springsteen sounded off on the sales snafu for his 2009 tour . But in general , if you want to see -- or play -- a concert , there are n't many options . "  I could have gone on for hours about this . The fact is , I would love to change my purchasing plans , but how can I ? If I want to see a show , what option do I have ? " said musician , and music fan , Brian Riback on iReport . iReport.com : Read more of Riback 's comments "  Sure , I can purchase off of Stubhub or Craigslist ... but I do n't want to pay even more than I 'm already being ripped off . The other end is even if I 'm purchasing second hand ... the original purchaser still supported -LSB- Ticketmaster/Live Nation -RSB- ... so I 'm damned if I do and I 'm damned if I do n't , " Riback said .	Ticketmaster and Live Nation are reportedly in merger talks CNN.com users have few nice things to say about either company "  Marriage made in hell for concert-going public , " said one user
Health.com  -- Study after study has linked long work hours , demanding bosses , and other on-the-job stressors to health problems ranging from insomnia to heart attacks . But the jobs themselves may not be entirely to blame . According to a new study of Swedish twins , the relationship between job stress and health problems is influenced in part by differences in personality and temperament , such as how optimistic , confident or self-critical a person is . And these traits are in turn closely related to genetic makeup . The researchers analyzed data from about 300 pairs of fraternal and  genetically  identical twins , many of whom did not grow up together . The various combinations of shared genes and upbringings allowed the researchers to parse the connections between genes and environment , job satisfaction and stress , and physical health . Health.com : Job killing you ? 8 types of work-related stress After crunching the numbers , they made two initial conclusions : personality type is associated with job stress and health , and a large portion of the differences in personality type -- nearly 45 % -- can be attributed to genes . Taking the analysis one step further , the researchers estimate that genetic effects are responsible for 32 % of the person-to-person variance in job stress , 35 % of the variance in job satisfaction and 47 % of the variance in health problems . The upshot ? The path between job stress and poor health runs at least partly through our genes and personality . "  We 're not saying job stress makes no difference , or there are n't things that cause stress , " says lead author Timothy Judge , a professor of management at the University of Notre Dame in South Bend , Indiana . "  But we ca n't have a concept ... that life would be better if we just changed jobs . " Health.com : 10 careers with high rates of depression The findings , which were published in the journal Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes , seem to suggest a new twist on the old nature-versus-nurture question : What 's more important for stress , the day-to-day work environment  the "  nurture " side , in this case  or the inborn personality of the employee ? The question may not be so clear-cut , says Carol A. Prescott , a professor of psychology at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles . In twin studies , Prescott says , it can be difficult to separate the shared environment -- whether that 's a childhood home or the workplace -- from non-shared environmental factors , such as "  random events , " luck , and personal choices . "  Non-shared environment is by far the largest component for most behavioral outcomes , " Prescott says . Judge and his colleagues did try to distinguish between shared and non-shared factors . In addition to noting whether the twins grew up together , they also controlled for education and job characteristics  such as a hazardous workplace  . Still , they acknowledge that "  idiosyncratic " differences in non-shared environment are hard to pin down . Health.com : How your job can hurt your heart Although much gray area remains , the new study raises the possibility that previous research on the link between job stress and health woes may be providing an incomplete picture . Epidemiological studies , which look for broad trends in large populations of people , often do n't account for genes or temperament -- factors that can affect a person 's experience of job stress , as well as how they describe it in questionnaires , Judge says . "  What if the very people who report they 're really stressed are the very people who also report -- or actually have -- health problems ? " Judge says . "  We showed that a big part of the relationship between the two is genetic . " Health.com : Stressed ? 7 steps to instant calm Simon Rego , an assistant professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York , says it 's important to remember that genes , though influential , do n't control us . Someone who 's genetically more vulnerable to workplace stress wo n't necessarily get stressed out . In fact , Rego says , stress often arises when our temperament and our environment clash . "  We look at the interaction between predisposition and some sort of stressor to really activate someone 's vulnerability , " he says . If you are predisposed to stress -- due to your genes , life experiences , or some combination of the two -- the good news is there are steps you can take to fight back . Talk therapy , for instance , can help people recognize the situations that cause them stress and learn coping strategies , Rego says . The vicious physiology of stress Copyright Health Magazine 2011	The study looked at 300 pairs of Swedish twins Genes can influence the relationship between job stress and health problems It 's important to remember genes do n't actually control us
London  CNN  -- Over two-thirds of Britons believe the Â # 9 billion  $ 13.8 billion  bill for the London Olympics was worth it , but economists and business leaders argue it could take years to see the economic benefits . According to a poll by research consultancy ComRes , released on the first anniversary of the Games , 69 % of participants said it was a good investment of public money . But only 22 % of the public feel the Games have had a positive impact on the local economy in their area , with 67 % saying the Olympics had no impact at all . Samuel Tombs , an economist at Capital Economics , said there was an obvious boost to UK economic growth during the Games but it was too early to see a legacy benefit . He told CNN : "  I think there are question marks over whether the Â # 10 billion of public money spent on the games could have been better used ... for example infrastructure projects such as transport , that could have yielded a higher economic return . " In the second-quarter of 2013 , the U.K. grew by 0.6 % -- double the rate of expansion for the first three months of the year -- suggesting Europe 's third-largest economy is on track for a recovery . Tombs said the figures also showed growth in all areas of the economy , which he noted was was a first in recent years . The UK contracted for five consecutive quarters from the second quarter of 2008 , and failed to grow for another nine months in late 2011 and early 2012 as the eurozone debt crisis raged . Although the cultural heritage of the Olympics is important , it could take years before we see its true economic value , according to Tombs . He said : "  You often fail to see a boost in tourism for the years after the Games and obviously it 's very hard to reuse the facilities that have been built . " Director of Economics at PricewaterhouseCoopers , Mark Ambler , said the benefits may not be evident for at least another 10 years . He told CNN : "  On this basis , the evidence I have been involved in generating and that I have seen from others suggests strongly that the UK will get a good return on its investment , although I think important parts of it are still to come . " Investment boost On Thursday , Mayor of London Boris Johnson said that the success of the Olympics and Paralympics has spurred investment in the U.K capital . Speaking at a press conference , he said : "  Remember the fate of the Olympo-sceptics is all I would say to anyone tempted to doubt the legacy . " But according to Matthew Jaffa , spokesman for the Federation of Small Businesses , not enough is being done in the wake of the Olympics to promote "  Brand London " as an exporter . He added : "  The Games have had more of an impact on London than the rest of the UK . 55 % of the companies that won contracts , directly related to the Olympics , saw growth within the turnover of their business , which is positive . " Despite skepticism from some quarters of the business community , the ComRes poll -- which surveyed over 3,200 people -- also showed that nearly three-quarters of Britons would welcome the Olympic Games back given the opportunity . Andrew Simms , political economist and and co-author of the book ` London 2012 - How Was it For Us ? ' said the Games were "  a triumph of public endeavour ... it 's a very good example of what a very dynamic and focused public sector can do . "	ComRes poll : 22 % of the public feel the Games have had a positive impact on the local economy In the second-quarter , the U.K. grew by 0.6 % , double the rate of expansion for the first three months of 2013 Mayor of London Boris Johnson said that the success of the Olympics and Paralympics has spurred investment
Silverstone , England  CNN  -- If an unexpected fourth place at the Czech MotoGP two weeks ago had given Marc Marquez 's rivals cause for hope , Sunday at Britain 's Silverstone served as a reminder that his talents run deep . This was Marquez at his imperious best , as well as a fine advertisement for a sport that thrives on white-knuckle tension ; in a scintillating contest , MotoGP 's youngest ever champion roared back to form . His victory means only a disaster for the 21-year-old Catalan can prevent him lifting his second title well before the end of the season . Repsol Honda 's record-breaking star began on pole after a typically impressive qualifying session , but quickly found himself playing catch-up to an apparently rejuvenated Jorge Lorenzo . The Movistar Yamaha rider seized his chance in warmer than expected conditions , taking an early lead as a fierce skirmish developed behind him . Ducati 's Andrea Dovizioso had gatecrashed the Honda-Yamaha power party on the starting grid , and the Italian took his increasing confidence into battle with Dani Pedrosa and Valentino Rossi . Gradually the front five eased away from the chasing pack , but remained close enough to one another to throw up some heart stopping moments as positions changed lap after lap . The contest reached an electrifying climax in the final moments , with Marquez and Lorenzo diving into an uncompromising dogfight . When Lorenzo seized the initiative with just three laps remaining it looked as though the man from Mallorca might be able to hold on for the win . The two riders knocked fairings as their battle raged , before an audacious and fearless pass from Marquez fired the championship leader back to the front with two laps remaining . The champion held his lead to cross the line to claim his 11th victory from the 12 Grand Prix this season . Marquez was delighted with the win , having missed out to Lorenzo at Silverstone last year . "  With higher temperatures it seems that both Jorge and Valentino took a step forward , " he said . "  Above all , Jorge , because he had a great pace and we were fighting right to the end . "  It was important to win , after missing out at Brno . I also had a score to settle from last year , when Jorge beat me on the final corner , so I am happy to be back on the top step of the podium ! " Lorenzo , meanwhile , revealed that he had struggled to maintain the same pace as his rival , and blamed their coming together for the loss of valuable momentum . "  I lost a lot of time when he  Marquez  touched me , " he said . "  I knew that he was going to try to overtake me in this corner in first gear on the right , but I did n't let him enter . "  On the outside I opened the throttle and he touched me . In the next corner he touched me again as he went into the corner and I lost seven tenths of a second . " Even so Lorenzo was pleased with his second place . "  I made a really good start and pushed 100 % , more than ever , so I am really proud of my riding , " he said . Rossi -- who set a new outright record of 246 starts in the premier class of Grand Prix racing -- won the battle behind the leaders to take third from Pedrosa and a disappointed but philosophical Dovizioso . "  The result confirms the improvements we are making , " the Italian said . "  Finishing the race less than ten seconds behind the leaders was almost a dream before the start , but instead we did it and we were always in with a fighting chance of finishing on the podium . " The home fans were left frustrated as one of their favorites , Tech3 Yamaha 's Bradley Smith , was knocked out of contention by a cracked rear wheel . The Briton 's tyre deflated as a result , forcing him into the pits . When he re-joined with a new wheel his chances of a point-scoring finish had gone , but he did manage to ride to within a lap of the leaders , to loud cheers from the stands . "  I tried to stay out and fight through it but it just got too dangerous to ride , " Smith said . "  When we changed  the wheel  , I proved that I have the pace for sixth . It was a good weekend up until the race and the team did a great job , but these things happen sometimes . " Tech3 could , however , console themselves with an outstanding performance from rookie Pol Espargaro , who forced his way into a highly creditable sixth position . Of the other top British talent , Scott Redding piloted his Open Class Gresini Honda to a solid tenth , but Ducati 's Cal Crutchlow could only manage twelfth . The talented Coventry-born rider must surely be counting the days until he leaves for his new team , LCR Honda , at the end of an intensely trying season . The championship now takes a two week break before the San Marino MotoGP , with Marquez a titanic 89 points clear of Pedrosa , and Rossi a further 10 points back in third , with only six races remaining this season .	Repsol Honda 's Marc Marquez back to winning ways at Silverstone Marquez started on pole , but Jorge Lorenzo took an early lead MotoGp leader Marquez made a fearless pass three laps from the finish Spaniard had finished fourth in Brno , ending his perfect record in 2014
CNN Student News  -- May 26 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • London , England • Libya • New York City Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , everyone . I 'm Carl Azuz , and you 're tuned in to CNN Student News ! It 's Thursday , May 26th , and you can leave the next ten minutes to us . First Up : Speech to Parliament AZUZ : First up , President Obama makes a speech that some people are calling the main event of his week-long trip to Europe . It happened in front of the British Parliament ; it 's a legislative group that 's kinda like the U.S. Congress . During the speech , the president talked about a lot of world issues that the U.S. and Britain have faced together . That includes the economic crisis , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the revolutions , protests and conflict happening right now in the Arab world , like in Libya . The president said the U.S. and U.K. should and will provide an example for other nations to follow . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : The time for our leadership is now . It was the United States and the United Kingdom and our democratic allies that shaped a world in which new nations could emerge and individuals could thrive . And even as more nations take on the responsibilities of global leadership , our alliance will remain indispensable to the goal of a century that is more peaceful , more prosperous and more just . AZUZ : All right , you just heard the president mention the alliance between the U.S. and U.K. Suzanne Malveaux looks back now at some of the recent moments in that close relationship . BEGIN VIDEO QUEEN ELIZABETH II : Ladies and gentlemen , we are here to celebrate the tried , tested and , yes , special relationship between our two countries . SUZANNE MALVEAUX , CNN ANCHOR : And it 's that special relationship that has defined U.S. foreign policy for generations . Think Thatcher and Reagan . RONALD REAGAN , FORMER U.S. PRESIDENT : Prime minister , the entire world salutes you and your gallant people and gallant nation . MALVEAUX : Or remember former Prime Minister Tony Blair , sometimes criticized for being a little too friendly with President Bush . Their chumminess got Blair in political trouble at home . His support for the Iraq war won him more friends in the U.S. Congress than across the pond . TONY BLAIR , FORMER BRITISH PRIME MINISTER : We will be with you in this fight for liberty . And if our spirit is right and our courage firm , the world will be with us . MALVEAUX : And now , the U.S. and UK have come together on two other wars : in Afghanistan and Libya . Beyond the battlefield , there are real economic ties that bind . Each country invests over $ 400 billion in the other 's economy . And nearly 200,000 U.S. citizens live and work in the UK . So , for Prime Minister Cameron and President Obama , this relationship is not something either leader takes for granted . OBAMA : As Winston Churchill said on a visit to the United States , above all , among the English-speaking peoples , there must be the union of hearts , based upon convictions and common ideals . END VIDEO Libya Cave Hideaways AZUZ : President Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron both discussed progress being made in Libya 's civil war . But they also said that the conflict could last longer than people expect . Libya 's long-time leader , Moammar Gadhafi , and his forces are fighting against rebels who want Gadhafi out of power . And there 's concern about how Libya 's civilians are being affected in all this . Nic Robertson traveled to the outskirts of one Libyan town to find out how living conditions -- and living locations -- can change in times of war . BEGIN VIDEO NIC ROBERTSON , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : He 's taking us to see some caves where we 're told families have been hiding from the shelling . We 've yet to see the caves , but we 're certainly seeing a lot of children . And this is the only place in Zintan we 've seen children . Look at them here : families and children . They 've deserted the streets of the city and they 're living out here on the edge . The caves , we 're told , have n't been lived in by people for about 60 years , but because of the random shelling , they 're now going back to hiding in them again . This is the old part of Zintan , right on the hills , on the edge . Down here ? Steep . You really feel like you 're going into the ancient city here . This is quite incredible . Look up here . These ancient homes here . You can see the power cable now , running inside here . The people can have electricity , some light at night . This is a whole underground labyrinth of caves . The roof is blackened by soot from fires , years of fires . They 're black . Then you come out here into this , and the only way out of here is a ladder . It 's an absolute labyrinth . Every side you look , there 's an entrance here , here , here , here , another room here with a light bulb . This was n't here 60 years ago . There 's blankets in there if you take a look . Blankets , carpets , space for people to live and hide from the shelling . END VIDEO U.S. Severe Weather AZUZ : To the U.S. now . Parts of the country 's mid-section are struggling through a historic tornado season . Officials say more than 500 people have been killed in the storms . The latest round of severe weather hit Oklahoma , Kansas , Texas and Arkansas . Oklahoma 's governor declared a state of emergency in 68 of the state 's 77 counties . That will help free up resources for recovery efforts . Emergency personnel were called out immediately after the storms . Some are searching for victims . Others are working to get power back up and running for the tens of thousands of people who lost it . Officials have determined that the tornado that hit nearby Joplin , Missouri was a 5 on the Enhanced Fujita Scale . The scale measures tornado intensity based on how much damage they cause . A 5 is as high as you can get . Fleet Week in NY AZUZ : A handful of U.S. Navy ships are sailing into New York . That 's because it 's Fleet Week ! The Parade of Ships kicks off the annual event before the vessels drop their anchors at different spots around New York City . Fleet Week gives service members the chance for some R & R in the Big Apple . And it gives civilians the opportunity to go aboard these Navy ships . This week 's Fleet Week also brings the USS New York back to New York for the first time since it was commissioned . Part of the ship was made from steel that was recovered from the Twin Towers that were attacked on 9/11 nearly ten years ago . New Fuel Labels AZUZ : When you go to buy a car , the window sticker gives you a lot of information . But government officials want it to give you more , and in a year or two , that sticker will . New fuel efficiency labels will be required for all new cars starting in 2013 . In addition to miles per gallon , you 'll see how much you might save -- or spend -- on gas over five years , and how the vehicle stacks up against similar models . Environmental groups support the idea of offering consumers this extra information , but some of them wanted the new labels to assign each vehicle a letter grade . A , B , C , things like that . Critics thought the grades might be too confusing . CNN Teachers ' Lounge & Blog AZUZ : At CNNStudentNews.com , we are all about your input . First , you teachers . We want to know your thoughts on class rankings . Are you for or against them ? That 's the newest question in our CNN Student News Teachers ' Lounge . You can find that on our home page . Next one is for students . As we wrap up our school year next week , we 're going to be talking about the biggest headlines from 2010-2011 . You 'll see a list of the stories on our blog . What we want is to hear your thoughts on them . Why were these headlines significant ? What do you remember most ? So teachers : class rankings . Students : top stories . CNNStudentNews.com : get to it ! Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. DeLand 's social studies students at North Rowan Middle School in Spencer , North Carolina ! U.S. pennies are made mostly of what metal ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Aluminum , B  Bronze , C  Copper or D  Zinc ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The first pennies were pure copper ; today , they 're more than 97 % zinc . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Before We Go AZUZ : A project with pennies is making some students angry in Washington state . And it 's not because they 're not worth much . MAYRA EVERSON , STUDENT : How has this gotten out of control ? Why did this get out of control ? Why was n't there a stop to it ? AZUZ : 14,300 pennies laid out on the cafeteria floor . She 's not angry about the project . She 's talking about what it represents : the U.S. national debt . Students spent four hours laying out the pennies , with each one symbolizing one billion dollars . The idea was to get other students thinking about the country 's $ 14.3 trillion debt . Goodbye AZUZ : Using pennies as a visual aid ? It 's an idea that makes a lot of cents . And it 's definitely a change of pace from your normal economics lesson . And if you 're out there groaning , just imagine how I feel . CNN Student News returns tomorrow . You can take that to the bank .	Explore the "  special relationship " between the U.S. and U.K. Find out how living conditions are affected by war in Libya Discover what information will be displayed on new fuel labels Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
EW.com  -- The question of whether AMC will indeed split the final season of Breaking Bad is close to an official verdict . Emmy-winning series star Bryan Cranston says AMC will break the award-winning drama 's final 16-episode season into two separate runs , as has been speculated for months . "  We 're splitting it , " says Cranston , who 's currently shooting the fifth season premiere in New Mexico . "  We 're going to shoot the first eight , then take a four-month production break , then the rest will air next year . " The network has not announced a premiere date for Breaking Bad , though actors on the show say the drama will return in July . AMC and Sony Pictures TV have maintained radio silence on the show 's return and distribution plan . A studio spokesperson says the four-month production hiatus is "  one scenario " that 's being considered . The network wants to divide the final season so it has a strong summer drama airing this year and the next  it would also presumably allow Breaking Bad to be eligible for two award-season cycles  . With Breaking Bad production under way and summer right around the corner , obviously the schedule should get firmed up soon , though AMC has shown a willingness to engage in some production brinksmanship in the past . Cranston , who 's directing the upcoming April 11 episode of ABC 's Modern Family , is expected to direct the ninth episode of Breaking Bad 's final season  the 2013 premiere , assuming all goes according to plan  . "  We pick up right where we left off , " Cranston says of the fifth-season opener . "  We 're cleaning up the pieces from last season 's huge ordeal where Gus Fring was forced to meet his maker . It 's not as easy as Walter thought . And as we 've discovered over the years , you do n't really know who Walter White is . I 'm still discovering who he is and I 'm trying to allow myself to be open to him going darker and darker . There 's physical danger to himself and his family , plus there 's the emotional danger due to his anger and hubris . It 's about the evil that men do and where that takes him . " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Bryan Cranston says the drama 's final 16-episode season will break into two separate runs AMC wants to divide the season so it has a strong summer airing for this and next year Cranston is expected to direct the ninth episode of Breaking Bad 's final season
CNN  -- CNN.com asked its users what they would do if they had all the money they needed . What would they do in retirement ? Or would they retire ? Several CNN.com users said they would buy a motorhome and travel around the United States to NASCAR events . We received more than 1,400 replies . Some people wanted to volunteer in other countries , some wanted to find new hobbies , some just wanted to relax for a change . Here are some of the edited responses that users around the world sent in . Reza Rohani of Tehran , Iran I would develop an NGO for popularization of science in Iran and some Central Asian countries . I would establish a publication house solely for the mentioned purpose and travel around the world to become more acquainted with different cultures and produce information packages and audio-visual documentaries to bring about a better understanding to people in different countries . E. Noonan of Natick , Massachusetts Oh , if I did n't have to work , I would spend my time on my dream of acting . Slogging around New York trying to get auditions , get into stage plays , get an agent -- all that sounds wonderful , as long as there is enough money to live on . Voice-over work and straight plays ... I would be in heaven . Frank Morganti of Palm Beach Gardens , Florida I 'd continue my work as a general contractor as my new hobby and would n't worry about money . Eric Scheffer of Bangkok , Thailand Retirees and financially independant people can still be of great use to society and communities . There is , for example , still a lot of poverty in Asia and Africa . Living costs are low , and retirees can live comfortably in Asia or Africa while participating in community work . One can , for example , teach simple things in the villages : hygiene , healthy cooking , etc. . They can also give aid and simple loving care to small children . I would like to encourage retirees and financially independant people to become actively involved in such countries , and make a difference . There is no need for us or any healthy retiree to sit around and wait for death . The world needs us . Mandy Sickler of Marion , Indiana I 'd finish my last year in college as a social work major and I would pay off all my college loans . Then I wish I had the means to load up a huge plane full of food , water and clothing/shoes to take to underprivileged countries and teach the people how to use the food I brought them . I would bring over educators to teach the people in these places about how to maintain their health . If I could , I would provide every child with the correct physical checkups and immunization shots . But this would be way out of reach for me to do ; so if I did n't have to work , I would join the Peace Corps and work my butt off to help in any way I could . Roger Belanger of Tiverton , Rhode Island I 'd be involved somehow in the theatre arts . My mid-life crisis hit about 10 years ago at 40 and I became involved in amateur theatre . If I were able to "  walk away from it all , " I would dedicate my life to the performing arts in some fashion . Robert Madden of Parsons , Kansas Buy a motor home and become a NASCAR fan on the road at a different track every weekend . Cicely Jette of Boston , Massachusetts I would develop the other side of my brain ! I 'm a research scientist and spend most of my time on data analysis , organization and logic . If I did n't have to work , I would learn to sing opera , how to speak French and Italian fluently , how to act , and I would spend all my free time in museums . That is ... until I overloaded my right brain and was driven back to the lab . Mark Albert of Salmon River , Nova Scotia I would do the same as now : stay home with my kids . I have already decided to leave my job to be able to spend time with my kids in the most valuable time of their lives and mine . My wife works and makes enough for me to be able to do so and I am very grateful ! Not enough parents stay home to raise their own kids . It rocks ! Valerie Cathell of Dumfries , Virginia If I did n't have to work is tough to contemplate ; however , I have fantasized about helping kids who are not able to read or are trapped in war-torn areas with no exposure to education . I am an educator currently , and I work in a small private school where funds are scarce . I understand limitations when there is not enough money . I would love to be able to touch the lives of kids who have no idea what an X-Box is or an iPod . Even in our environment , we have parents paying private tuition , who have the means to provide these "  often taken for granted " things . But that is what they are : things . I worked with my fifth grade class to create a book for children in Uganda last year . After receiving the book , the liaison/facilitator of the program , sent our school a DVD of the children in Uganda . We shared this with our students and they were in awe of the way those kids actually lived . It was a life-changing experience and one that inspired me to seek ways to help others more often . Donald LaMarr Sr. of Antioch , California If I did n't have to work I would spend a significant portion of my time on the streets of Oakland , Berkley , and San Francisco , California , approaching and mentoring potential gang members in a different more positive direction . We have more than 1 million young African-American males who are either unemployed or underemployed who need some direction and someone to show them that there is a different way , a better culture than the gang culture . I would help guide them back to our educational institutions . I would help to create hybrid educational institutions for the most incorrigible amongst them . These would not be the gladiator training camps that our youth prisons have become . These would be places where education and cultural development become mandatory and punishment for failing or resisting assimilation would be severe . That 's what I would spend most of my time doing if I were retired . Jeffrey Young of McKinney , Texas For every person that needed help , I would stop and offer assistance . From one to the next , like a connect-the-dots on the map of the world just to see how I could band-aid my way across the globe in search of myself while making a difference from the smallest to the greatest challenges thrown at me . I would be a constant part of the solution . If I had nothing to worry about financially well , 90 percent of my problems would go away and then I would have the rest of my life to focus on the things that matter . I would go about developing relationships , experiencing the lives of others all while uplifting spirits of the world one soul at a time . I would breathe life from the Himalayas . Ride the currents in the waters of Costa Rica . Listen to jazz in New Orleans . Dip in the hot springs by Vancouver , British Columbia . Really . There is not enough time for me to talk about everything I would do . Instead , trust in that I would never waste a moment learning life all over again . Debra Ross of Rex , Georgia If I were the recipient of a sudden , legal windfall , I 'd immediately quit my job and purchase an RV and travel to every state in America driving at a consistent , aggravating 40 mph . Is n't that what the people do when they travel in those things anyway ? Far be it from me to break the rules . E-mail to a friend	CNN.com asked users what they would do in life if money were no object Most people said they would do volunteer work Some respondents felt a need to experience new hobbies , interests A few would continue to work , but also use their talents to help those in need
CNN  -- Jazz has always been a popular form of music because its improvisatory nature is easily adapted by a community or nation to reflect its individual identity . Polish policemen watch a demonstration near the University in Warsaw in December 1981 . In Poland , jazz has been intertwined with its politics and through it , has gained its own particular identity and recognition , as has Poland as a nation . The First World War marked a turning point in Polish history . After 300 years of divided rule under Prussia , Austria and Russia , Poland became an independent democratic republic lasting until the outbreak of the Second World War in September 1939 . The end of the First World War also marked the spread through Europe of American jazz . According to polishjazz.com , the first Polish jazz band was started in 1923 by Zygmunt Karasinski and Symon Kataszek , calling itself simply Karasinski & Kataszek Jazz-Tango Orchestra . It was an almost immediate success , playing in popular Warsaw venues of the time . Other popular dance bands established themselves during the 1920s and the first jazz recordings were being recorded by Polish record label Syrena Records . With the rise of the Nazis and accompanying anti-semitism under Adolf Hitler in neighboring Germany , Jewish musicians such as Ady Rosner and Erwin Woheller came to Poland , enriching the Polish jazz scene with their talent . Rosner became the best and most popular jazz musician , who later on in his life became a driving force of Soviet jazz . Throughout the 1930s , the music of American jazz artists such as Duke Ellington was widely available and popular , as were the first music magazines from London , Paris and America . This flourishing scene came to an abrupt end with the invasion and occupation of Poland by the German Army . The end of the war saw Poland being occupied yet again , this time by the Soviet Red Army . Poland , now called People 's Republic of Poland , became a Soviet-controlled puppet state . Music fell under Soviet control too and jazz , with its syncopated rhythms and free style , did not fall into the prescribed mould . In Stalinist Poland , jazz was banned and went on to develop its own style underground . During the first half of the 1950s , the death of Joseph Stalin and Wladyslaw Gomulka 's appointment as First Secretary in the Polish regime had a more liberalizing effect on the country . Jazz was out in the open once more ; being listened to , talked about and played without fear . The first jazz magazine behind the Iron Curtain was published ; official jazz clubs were created and the Polish Jazz Federation was started by Jan Byrczek in 1964 . Byrczek went on to found the Polish Jazz Society which became one of the largest jazz organisations of Europe . The 50s also saw the first official jazz festival taking place in Sopot beginning a tradition of jazz festivals in Poland that lasts to this day . Initial hopes that Gomulka 's reforms would move towards democratisation were dashed but despite political obstacles , Poland 's cultural and intellectual life continued to grow and flourish during the following decade . Jazz was being featured in TV programmes ; jazz critique was growing as were jazz festivals . In 1964 , the Jazz at the Oder River festival in Wroclaw started . Another milestone of the decade was the start of the recording of "  The Polish Jazz Series " by the official recording label Polskie Nagrania-Muza . It continued doing so until well into the Eighties , later re-releasing all the volumes in CD format . During the 1970s , Edward Gierek replaced Gomulka as First Party Secretary . He , being on a more friendly footing with Western neighbors than his predecessors , received loans and with them , the slow trickle of Western goods  notably Coca Cola  and TV shows into Poland . The government 's pro-Western stance also allowed Polish culture to reach out to the West . The leading Polish jazz magazine Jazz Forum was being published in Polish , English and German and distributed in 103 countries . Trumpeter Tomasz Stanko came to the fore during this period , receiving the first European Jazz Award in 2002 as one or Europe 's most outstanding jazz musicians . Towards the end of the 70s , Gierek 's political career came to a close after a wave of labor strikes resulting from his policies . It was in this turbulent time that the independent trade union , the Solidarity Movement , was started in the Gdansk shipyards by Lech Walesa . Solidarity 's growing strength led General Jaruzelski to declare martial law in December 1981 . However Mikhail Gorbachev 's reforms in Soviet Russia ; pressure from Polish Pope John Paul II and Western leaders forced the Communists to the negotiating table . This led to Solidarity 's participation in semi-free elections 1989 resulting in a coalition government . Walesa became President of Poland until 1995 . The political events were reflected in the jazz scene . The early 80s brought the "  Young Power " movement lead by Krzysztof Popek . According to allaboutjazz.com , musician Cezary Lerski described his movement as being "  verbally critical and musically adventurous , " revolutionzing Polish jazz . Popek is still a driving force of Polish Jazz today . One of the purely Polish streams of jazz are the interpretations of the music of Polish composer Frederic Chopin started by pianist Andrzej Jagodzinski . Reflecting the new freedom brought by democratisation another important band came to the fore at the beginning of the 90s . This was "  Milosc , " playing free jazz , going so far as to describe its form of jazz as "  yass " thereby creating a new stream or genre in Polish jazz . But it too followed the path of the Young Power Movement by becoming more mainstream . Current jazz reflects the diversity that democratic and economic freedom have brought Poland . A multiplicity of small jazz clubs have sprung up throughout the country as have a number of jazz festivals and independent record labels . Lersky writes that Polish jazz is " mature , vibrant and evolving " -- a reflection of the politics of the day ?	History of Polish jazz has been intertwined with its politics Born in democracy ; banned by Communists ; now evolving in new democracy Jazz is a popular , individual genre characterised by improvisation
CNN  -- The tiny landlocked nation of Rwanda may be known for its violent past but tourism officials are hoping , with the help of mountain gorillas , that travelers will see for themselves why the "  land of a thousand hills " is worth a visit . MOUNTAIN GORILLAS Rwanda is one of just three countries where the world 's population of mountain gorillas can be observed in the wild . In addition to Rwanda 's Volcanoes National Park , gorillas also inhabit Uganda 's Mgahinga National Park and Democratic Republic of Congo 's Virunga National Park . These parks border each other and the area the mountain gorillas call home is known as Virunga Massif . Volcanoes National Park is about two hours from Kigali , Rwanda 's capital . The drive to the park will make it obvious why Rwanda is referred to as the "  land of a thousand hills . " Locals cultivate the lush green hills where the gorilla treks begin , and there are five volcanoes in the park . The scenery is stunning from a distance but it may lose its appeal as you make your climb in search of the gorillas , who will determine the altitude and incline of the hike . The trek up the mountain can be challenging , with thick brush , fire ants and stinging nettles . It can take minutes or hours depending on where the gorillas decide to rest . "  The gorillas do n't need any visas or passports to leave one country and go to another one , " the guide jokes as he leads a group of eight tourists up the side of the mountain . Lucky visitors will see the animals feeding and crushing through the underbrush , babies running around and full-grown gorillas inching toward observers loudly declaring their importance . Hikers are not permitted closer than 10 meters , but the gorillas are under no such restriction and may creep closer , as tourist heart rates increase . As with most wildlife tours there are no guarantees of gorilla sightings , but the odds of seeing them are good , according to Simon Gluckman , president of Intrepid Expeditions . "  In 11 years I 've never had someone in Rwanda not see the gorillas , " says Gluckman . Gluckman tells his clients to prepare for treks up to 9,000 feet above sea level . "  If the gorillas are moving one particular day and there is somebody having a hard time keeping up physically then that person may not see them . " Visitors need a permit to hike up the mountain in hopes of seeing a family of mountain gorillas . The cost is $ 500 per person and permits are limited to 56 a day . Permits should be purchased well in advance and they can be obtained through a tour company or directly from the issuing organization , the country 's Tourism and Conservation Office . Included in the price are the guides assigned by the park . Once the mountain gorillas are located , visitors will spend an hour watching these incredible animals . "  We only have one tour a day for one hour in order to give the animals free range , " says Felix Semivumbi , a guide in the area for 24 years . GOLDEN MONKEYS Perhaps not as high-profile but also worth the time is a trip to see Rwanda 's golden monkeys , and the price of the permit is less expensive than for gorillas : $ 100 per person . The monkeys are also located in Volcanoes National Park . This tour is a good way to get adjusted to the altitude , which when tracking the gorillas can be at elevations from 7,000 to 9,000 feet , and it offers a taste of what to expect on the mountain gorilla trek if visitors do this first . "  It 's a shorter walk to the golden monkeys than the mountain gorillas " since the gorillas are found at the higher altitude says Semivumbi . Unlike the gorillas , which move at a slower pace and tend to rest as a group in one place , the monkeys keep tourists on their toes . "  They are fast so we have to be fast , " says Semivumbi . Once spotted you may be following the monkeys as they swing from the treetops overhead . Watching them you will realize how aptly named playground equipment such as monkey bars and jungle gyms are ; only here the equipment is bamboo . Seeing these endangered animals in their natural habitat is worth an extra day in the area . There 's only one tour per day for the monkeys and one overlapping tour for gorillas , so you ca n't visit both the big and small primates in the same day . MEMORIAL SITES It 's possible to visit several of Rwanda 's many memorial sites commemorating the 1994 genocide in a day . Learning about the country 's history is important in understanding the people and places you will encounter , says Rwandan Ambassador to the United States James Kimonyo . The Rwanda of today is a different place than the country that once dominated the news , he says . "  It is one of the safest places to visit , " says Kimonyo . "  You can go out at night and not be bothered . " That was n't the case less than two decades ago when ethnic violence in Rwanda erupted and Tutsis were systematically murdered by Hutus in 1994 . It was a time when neighbors killed neighbors and old friends became bitter enemies . "  If you knew me and you really knew yourself you would not have killed me . " This quote by Felicien Ntagengwa , a survivor of the genocide , is found at genocide sites throughout the country including the Kigali Memorial Centre . Located in the capital , the Kigali Memorial should not be missed . It is a disturbing yet honest look at this country 's horrific past . The center estimates that more than 1 million -- mostly Tutsis but also moderate Hutus -- were murdered within 100 days during the genocide . Exhibits introduce you to children such as 4-year-old Ariane Umutoni who was "  stabbed in her eyes and head . " Outside in the quiet courtyard , remains continue to be placed in mass graves as they are discovered . Many churches around the country are no longer places of worship but places to pay respect to those who died while trying to escape death . Instead of safe havens , some churches turned into places to find easy prey to massacre . Nyamata and Ntarama are two churches about an hour outside of Kigali . The bullet-riddled roofs and clothing of those killed are reminders of the people who huddled inside in hope of being spared . A guide at Nyamata Genocide Memorial said more than 10,000 people were killed at the church and in the immediate area . The yard of Nyamata is now a mass grave where freshly cut flowers are left by those who survived . Down in the crypt is a powerful display of reality that some may find unnecessary to view : rows upon rows of skulls and bones . People are still healing , but Rwandans have opened their past in order to embrace the future . Tourism is important in rebuilding , says Kimonyo , and thankfully Rwanda has enough natural and cultural history to make it worth a stamp in your passport .	Rwanda 's natural attractions are drawing tourists to the tiny nation The country 's brutal genocide in 1994 is marked by numerous memorials Tourists track gorillas and monkeys in a mountainous national park
Australia plans to create the world 's largest network of marine reserves , its government announced Thursday . The proposal would increase the number of protected areas from 27 to 60 and would cover 3.1 million square kilometers  1.9 million square miles  , roughly one-third of Australia 's waters . "  We have an incredible opportunity to turn the tide on protection of the oceans and Australia can lead the world in marine protection , " said Tony Burke , the country 's environment minister . "  This new network of marine reserves will help ensure that Australia 's diverse marine environment , and the life it supports , remain healthy , productive and resilient for future generations . " The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park and the Coral Sea Commonwealth marine reserve will become the world 's largest adjoining marine protected area , covering 1.3 million square kilometers . Interactive : Conservation hits and misses "  Our aim is to protect our unique marine environment , while supporting coastal communities and marine industries around the country , " said Burke . "  Over the coming months , the government will consult the fishing industry and fisheries management agencies on the design and implementation of a fisheries adjustment assistance package . " WWF Australia hailed the plan as an "  important example to the world . " The newly created sanctuaries would give protection to Australia 's biggest undersea mountain range , the Diamantina fracture zone off the southwest coast , as well as new parts of the Coral Sea that are critical nesting sites for green turtles and rich in large predatory fish and sharks . Paul Gambin from WWF Australia cautioned that some areas equally rich in biodiversity had not been included in the plan , possibly because of their proximity to rich reserves of fossil fuels . "  Oil and gas rigs are still moving ever closer to places like the stunning Rowley Shoals and Ningaloo Reef off Western Australia , " said Gambin in a press statement . "  These are among the jewels in the crown for Australia 's marine environment and surrounding waters have not been protected under this plan . " The marine reserves network is expected to be finalized before the end of 2012 .	Proposal would cover one third of Australia 's waters BIggest undersea mountain range gets new protected status Some areas still open to oil and gas exploration
After living in the city for nearly 25 years , Cesar Vargas says he will finally feel like a true New Yorker . That is , he will if Mayor Bill de Blasio 's proposal to issue municipal identification cards for undocumented residents is approved in the coming weeks . The ID program would serve a half-million residents , regardless of their immigration status -- making it easier for them to report a crime , lease an apartment , open a bank account and even borrow a library book . "  Even if it 's just a temporary solution for undocumented immigrants , it would great to have this , " Vargas said , "  So if I ever get pulled over by cops again , we would be discussing why I was being pulled over instead of being questioned if my ID was valid or not . " At a time of national debate about the status of millions of undocumented immigrants in the United States , some municipalities have taken steps aimed at improving their lives . "  To all of my fellow New Yorkers who are undocumented , I say : New York City is your home , too , and we will not force any of our residents to live their lives in the shadows , " de Blasio said during his first State of the City speech February 10 . The ID cards would serve undocumented immigrants as well as the homeless , low-income elderly people , former prisoners and members of the LGBTQ community who may have difficulty obtaining other government-issued IDs . Vargas , 30 , said even his 70-year-old mother looked forward to getting a library card with her municipal ID , which would "  give her some sense of belonging . " Before being eligible for federal deferred action for childhood arrivals  DACA  status , Vargas said , he used his Mexican passport as identification , which caused some awkward encounters . "  I have a driver 's license now thanks to DACA , but it says ` Temporary Visitor ' in bold and it always confuses people and raises a lot of questions , " said Vargas , who is an undocumented immigrant and law school graduate fighting for admission into the New York State Bar . DACA is a federal program enacted in 2012 . It granted some undocumented young people temporary work authorization and a two-year reprieve from deportation . New York City 's ID program would be similar programs in 11 other cities , including San Francisco and Los Angeles ; Trenton , New Jersey ; Washington ; and New Haven , Connecticut . But opponents of de Blasio 's proposal say the measure encourages illegal immigration and could be misused by terrorists . "  One of the reasons the 9/11 terrorists were so successful was because they had access to official identification , but since advocates of illegal immigrants carry a lot of political clout , local government will play up to that , " Ira Mehlman , media director of the Federation for American Immigration Reform , told CNN . The ID program has its limitations : The cards will not be accepted by federal agencies as a form of identification , serve as a driver 's license , or be valid to purchase alcohol or tobacco . Applicants would have to appear in person and present other identification , such as a passport , and proof of residency , such a utility bill or lease . Angelo Falcón , co-founder of the National Institute for Latino Policy , said the program was a step in the right direction . "  It makes a lot of sense for New York City and , at the risk of sounding like a cliché , it does bring people out of the shadows , " Falcón said . "  Undocumented immigrants who participate economically and socially should have these IDs . Immigration is a very powerful economic motor . " For the cards to be effective , they need to be broadly accessible , linked up with private and public services , and be widely used by people who are not undocumented immigrants , Brittny Saunders , supervising attorney at the New York-based Center for Popular Democracy , told CNN . As for Cesar Vargas , he believes there 's a chance undocumented immigrants could be singled out when using New York City IDs , but he believes the benefits outweigh the costs . "  It 's just going to take some work from the city to educate banks and city agencies to recognize these IDs , " Vargas said . San Francisco 's example could be a template . That city has issued nearly 20,000 cards since its program was launched in 2009 , an average of 4,000 a year . Public safety concerns , in part , motivated the San Francisco program . "  Residents without access to bank accounts often carry large amounts of money on them or store it in their homes , making them targets for crime . And , those who ca n't produce proof of identity are often reluctant to report crimes to the police , " said Megan A. Caygill-Wallach of the San Francisco city administrator 's budget and planning office . Although immigrants are victimized by crime at rates similar to or greater than the general population , they report crime at lower rates , according to studies . The underreporting of crime poses a serious public safety problem and erodes the ability of law enforcement to function effectively in the city . Immigrant advocates hope that the municipal IDs will bridge the gap between police and undocumented immigrants , as was the case in New Haven , Connecticut . New Haven was the first city to start an ID program . It has issued more than 12,000 municipal IDs in seven years . "  Over the years , it 's helped residents feel like New Haven is home and they 're a part of the community . For immigrants , it begins the process of assimilation and puts them on the road to full community participation , " said Laurence Grotheer , New Haven 's director of communications . Dave Hartman , public information officer for the New Haven Police Department , said he saw the need for the cards during his 19 years as an officer . "  We used to get calls from third-party complaints , like a church calling and acting as an intermediary , " he said . "  The undocumented folks would shy away from us . They did n't know they could come to us without being questioned about their immigration status . It opened up a dialogue between the police and immigrant communities that did n't exist before . "	NYC identification program aims to help undocumented residents The program models those in 11 other cities nationwide Opponents say the program could enable potential terrorists Public safety concerns , in part , motivated a similar program in San Francisco
He was a big boy . A very , very big boy . In fact , the Dreadnoughtus schrani dinosaur unveiled Thursday was one of the biggest -- if not THE biggest -- land animal ever to grace the Earth . Experts estimate that back in its day -- the Upper Cretaceous period , approximately 77 million years ago -- this giant measured 85 feet long and weighed about 65 tons . No wonder , then , paleontologists picked a first name that breaks down to "  fear nothing . "  The second name honors benefactor and tech entrepreneur Adam Schran .  You would n't be scared , either , if you towered over every creature in sight , could smash most anything with your whip-like tail and could smoosh most anything with your colossal feet . "  Dreadnoughtus schrani was astoundingly huge , " said Kenneth Lacovara , the lead author of the report published in Scientific Reports , as quoted on his school Drexel University 's website . "  It weighed as much as a dozen African elephants or more than seven T. rex . " The fossilized remains of this Dreadnoughtus were unearthed recently in Argentina 's southwestern Patagonia . 8 places for fantastic fossil finds And to think the massive dinosaur pieced together by Lacovara 's team was still growing up , according to expert analysis . It 's hard to say how much bigger this or other Dreadnoughtus may have gotten had it fully matured . Nor , without a time machine , can one quickly determine whether this new species was bigger than fellow titanosaurs such as the similarly gargantuan Argentinosaurus . That 's mostly because other finds like these are relatively incomplete , forcing paleontologists to make estimates based off a bone or two here and there . "  Titanosaurs are a remarkable group of dinosaurs , with species ranging from the weight of a cow to the weight of a sperm whale or more , " said Matthew Lamanna , a Carnegie Museum of Natural History scholar who was part of the team , in the Drexel piece . "  But the biggest dinosaurs have remained a mystery because , in almost all cases , their fossils are very incomplete . " Not so with the new Dreadnoughtus specimen , which is another big reason -- big being the operative word for everything about this creature -- it 's so special . Those who excavated the sometimes snow-covered terrain not far from Antarctica were able to locate more than 70 % of the Dreadnoughtus ' bones , including part of a jaw . Compare that to maybe 3 % to 27 % for other dinosaur finds of its kind . Lacovara characterized the discovery as "  by far the best example we have of any of the most giant creatures to ever walk the planet . " As heavy as 14 elephants , as long as 2 tractor trailers : Meet Mr. Titanosaur And it 's not like the scientists unearthed little chicken bones . A picture Lacovara posted to Twitter showed a woman next to one of Dreadnoughtus ' scapulas , or shoulder blades , both roughly the same size . Its humerus , or upper arm , bone was taller than the Drexel University professor . A neck vertebra measured about 3 feet in diameter . All these things -- from fossils of large bones to a single tooth , from part of a jaw to toes and a claw -- coupled with digital technology could help to learn a great deal about the Dreadnoughtus and other titanosaurs ' lived in their era , beyond the fact it had a 37-foot-long neck and 30-foot-long tail . One thing that it would have had to do , to get this big , is eat . A lot .  And it was all plants , proving your mom right that veggies can make you big and strong . Lacovara thinks the Dreadnoughtus must have had "  a life-long obsession with eating , " perhaps spending all its waking existence chomping leaves from giant tree after giant tree . He said , "  Every day is about taking in enough calories to nourish this house-sized body . " Treasure trove of prehistoric animal remains discovered	Dreadnoughtus schrani , a dinosaur species , was recently discovered in Patagonia Experts estimate the specimen was 85 feet long  with a 30-foot tail  , weighed 65 tons Paleontologist : This is the "  best example we have of any of the most giant creatures "
CNN  -- The curtain drops to reveal women hanging by their hair . Leotards are in perfect place -- toes pointed , smiles on . The music kicks in on cue , and then suddenly -- horrifyingly -- what 's known as the "  human chandelier " plummets to the ground . "  I screamed . I 'm like , that 's not right , " Chelie Barrie , a spectator , told CNN affiliate WPRI . "  You know , sometimes you 're surprised and it 's part of the show , but this clearly was n't . " Nine performers were injured Sunday in Providence , Rhode Island , said Steve Payne , spokesman for Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus . Eight performers fell when the hair-hang apparatus -- which holds performers by their hair -- failed , Payne said . Another performer was injured on the ground , he added . Providence Public Safety Commissioner Steven Pare said the performers fell from between 25 to 35 feet . Many of those injured suffered broken bones , and no spectators were hurt , Pare said . The performers were among 11 people hospitalized with injuries related to the accident , Rhode Island Hospital spokeswoman Jill Flaxington told CNN . One of those people was listed in critical condition , Flaxington said . It was not immediately clear who the other victims were . Multiple emergency units responded to the accident at the Dunkin' Donuts Center . Witnesses told WPRI that they saw acrobats up on a type of aerial scaffolding doing the "  human chandelier " when a cable snapped . People started screaming and "  going crazy , " Sean Bergeron , a 23-year-old Marine at the circus with his girlfriend , told CNN . A disaster distress hotline , 800-985-5990 , has been set up , and Providence Public Safety is encouraging those in the crowd of 3,900 who are troubled after witnessing the incident to call for free counseling from trained counselors . Payne told CNN 's Fredricka Whitfield the apparatus had been used for multiple performances each week since Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey launched its "  Legends " show in February . "  Each and every time that we come to a new venue , all of the equipment that is used by this performer -- this group of performers as well as other performers -- is carefully inspected . We take the health and safety of our performers and our guests very seriously , and our company has a safety department that spends countless hours making sure that all of our equipment is indeed safe and effective for continued use , " the spokesman said . The Medeiros Hair-Hang Act is touted on the Ringling Bros. website as a "  one-of-a-kind act ... the brainchild of husband-and-wife team Andre and Viktoria Medeiros ,  who  have devised and improved the mechanisms and methods making possible the myriad of maneuvers this troupe will perform for audiences . " "  It is Andre 's attention to every detail , even welding the three different rigs that the girls hang from , that keeps his troupe safe and sound each and every time the act is presented , " the website says . Rhode Island Hospital has confirmed that each of the eight women named by Ringling Bros. as part of the act are in the hospital : Viktoriya Medeiros , Widny Neves , Samantha Pitard , Viktorila Liakhova , Dayana Costa , Julissa Segrera , Stefany Neves and Svitlana Balanicheva . Providence Public Safety released a statement Sunday night saying the city , the Rhode Island State Fire Marshal and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration are working together on the investigation . Payne had earlier said the circus also was involved in the investigation . The circus had all necessary permits and was "  solely responsible for the setup and rigging of the show , " according to the Public Safety statement . "  We will do whatever it takes to come to the bottom of this , make sure that when the show goes back -- starts to perform again -- it 's safe , " said Lawrence Lepore , general manager of the Dunkin' Donuts Center . "  Legends " began a short Providence residency on Thursday , Lepore said . The final five performances there were slated for 11 a.m. , 3 p.m. and 7 p.m. Sunday and 10:30 a.m. and 7 p.m. on Monday . The early show ended with the accident , and the Dunkin' Donuts Center tweeted around 3 p.m. that the two later Sunday shows had been canceled , with refunds available where patrons bought tickets or automatically via Ticketmaster . In June , a performer from Cirque du Soleil 's "  Ka " died in an accident at the MGM Grand Resort in Las Vegas . Sarah Guillot-Guyard , 31 , a Paris-born acrobat and aerialist , "  was being hoisted up the side of the stage and then just plummeted down , " witness Dan Mosqueda told the Las Vegas Sun newspaper . In October , the Nevada OSHA cited the circus and the casino for violations . Nevada OSHA fined Cirque du Soleil more than $ 25,000 and the MGM Grand $ 7,000 , but both the circus and the casino appealed the findings . Cirque du Soleil settled with Nevada OHSA in February , winnowing six citations down to one , according to the Las Vegas Sun . Cirque du Soleil performer injured in Vegas show Cirque and MGM Grand cited in acrobat 's death plunge CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia , Nick Valencia , Adrienne Zulueta and Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	"  This clearly was n't  part of the show  , " a witness in Providence says Sunday performances by Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus were canceled Circus website touts the safety of the Hair-Hang Act "  each and every time "
CNN  -- An American Airlines flight headed to California was diverted to New Mexico and a passenger detained for allegedly smoking onboard , officials said . The FBI took the male passenger into custody , said Daniel Jiron , a spokesman for the Albuquerque International Airport . "  Apparently , he had some matches on him that were struck , " Jiron said . The flight from New York was on its way to Los Angeles . It was diverted to Albuquerque on Wednesday afternoon . "  TSA was notified of a passenger allegedly smoking onboard American Airlines Flight 117 from John F. Kennedy International Airport  JFK  to Los Angeles International Airport  LAX  , " the Transportation Security Administration said in a statement . There was no bomb or bomb threat on the flight , the Federal Aviation Administration said . Canines swept the plane Wednesday evening out of an "  abundance of caution , " the transportation agency said . The plane 's 168 passengers exited after landing , said Billy Sanez , a spokesman for the airline . The plane later continued onto Los Angeles without the detained passenger late Wednesday .	NEW : Flight continues to Los Angeles without detained passenger Officials say passenger tried to smoke during flight FBI takes male passenger into custody
The man accused of killing six people in an Arizona shooting rampage can receive medical treatment for another four months , a federal judge ruled Monday after reviewing a report from a psychologist that found "  measurable progress " in the suspect 's condition . The medical treatment plan for Jared Loughner -- aimed at improving his mental state , so he would be competent to stand trial -- was set to expire on Wednesday . On Monday , U.S. District Judge Larry Burns decided to extend that treatment until at least June 7 , Ninth Circuit court spokesman David Madden said . Loughner , 23 , allegedly killed six people and wounded 13 others during a January 2011 meet-and-greet event for then-U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords outside a Tucson supermarket . Giffords , who was shot in the head , stepped down from her position in Congress last month in order to focus on her recovery . Prosecutors have said that Loughner suffers from schizophrenia , and his mental condition has been central to much of the related court proceedings since the mass shooting . Burns led Monday 's hearing from San Diego , where he is based . He is overseeing the case in part because one of the shooter 's victims was Arizona-based federal Judge John Roll . Prosecutors and defense attorneys participated from Tucson in Monday 's session by videoconference , according to Madden . The judge reviewed a report prepared by Dr. Christina Pietz , Loughner 's psychologist , indicating the suspect had made what Burns termed "  measurable progress " toward competency . Burns made his decision to extend Loughner 's treatment based on that report , said the court spokesman . Neither the defense nor the prosecution presented any additional evidence . Pietz will notify Burns if she determines Loughner is competent before June 7 . Loughner was declared incompetent to stand trial last May after an initial evaluation term at a federal mental hospital in Springfield , Missouri , where he is now . Norway massacre suspect to remain in custody In July , bizarre and suicidal actions by Loughner while in custody pushed a federal appeals panel to allow authorities to force the defendant to take anti-psychotic medication . Prosecutors said then that Loughner had been deteriorating : He displayed screaming and crying fits that lasted hours , harmed himself and made claims that the radio was inserting thoughts into his head , they said . His attorneys have consistently fought court rulings that Loughner continue his treatment at the Missouri hospital . In November , defense attorney Ellis Johnston argued before a different federal judge that the side effects of the psychotropic drugs he has been receiving during his court-ordered treatment may interfere with Loughner 's ability to work with his attorneys . But Assistant U.S. Attorney Christina Cabanillas said then that Loughner "  could revert to being a danger to himself " if the medication were halted . "  It is his mental illness that is the cause of the danger in the hospital setting , " Cabanillas told the court .	A judge rules Jared Loughner can continue his medical treatment until June The judge says a psychologist found "  measurable progress " in Loughner 's mental state He is accused of killing 6 people and wounding 13 others , including Gabrielle Giffords The medical treatment is aimed at getting Loughner competent to stand trial
CNN  -- A man accused of kidnapping and holding captive three young women in his Cleveland house for 10 years will be arraigned this week on 329 counts . Ariel Castro , 52 , was indicted Friday in a case that shocked neighbors who never suspected anything out of the ordinary was going on in the house -- and prompted Castro 's daughter to call him "  the most evil , vile , demonic criminal . " One charge accuses Castro of aggravated murder for purposely causing the unlawful termination of a pregnancy , authorities said . One of the young women was allegedly impregnated five times by Castro , and another bore a child fathered by him , police have said . The indictment charges Castro with 139 counts of rape , 177 counts of kidnapping , seven counts of gross sexual imposition , three counts of felonious assault and one count of possession of criminal tools , Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy McGinty said in a statement . The charges cover only half of the 10 years the three young were held captive -- from August 2002 , when the first of three women disappeared off a Cleveland street , to February 2007 . The three women were freed last month after one shouted for help while Castro was gone from the house . The prosecutor 's capital review committee will consider whether the case is appropriate for seeking the death penalty once the indictment process is complete , the prosecutor 's statement said . "  Today 's indictments represent a first major step in the criminal justice process , " McGinty said in a statement . "  Our investigation continues , and we will present our findings to the grand jury . " ` Please do n't let me go , ' kidnapping victim told officers The indictment alleges that Castro taped the legs and mouth of one woman identified as Jane Doe 2 and also chained her to a pole in the basement with a motorcycle helmet placed on her head . Castro also allegedly used a vacuum cord around her neck during a felonious assault and chained her to inside of a van , the indictment said . Castro allegedly used chains and tape in the basement to restrain another woman identified as Jane Doe 3 , the indictment said . Source : Michelle Knight was suspect 's main ` punching bag ' The victims were earlier identified by police as Michelle Knight , abducted at age 21 in August 2002 ; Amanda Berry , abducted at age 16 in April 2003 and who has a 6-year-old daughter by Castro ; and Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus , who was 14 when kidnapped in 2004 . Jim Wooley , attorney for Berry and DeJesus , and Kathy Joseph , attorney for Michelle Knight , expressed satisfaction with the indictment . "  We have a great legal system , plus confidence and faith in the prosecutor 's office and its decisions . Now , we need to stand back and let the judicial process unfold , " the attorneys said in a statement . Rescued Cleveland women ` happy and safe , ' attorneys say	Attorneys for three kidnapped women have "  confidence and faith " in prosecution Indictment lists use of chains , tape , vacuum cord against women Castro also faces 139 counts of rape , 177 counts of kidnapping , one aggravated murder charge A prosecutor 's committee will later consider whether seeking death penalty is appropriate
CNN  -- A series of explosions and shootings killed 44 people and injured more than 200 in Baghdad and elsewhere Thursday morning , Iraqi police said . Police believe the wave of attacks , most of them within a two-hour time frame , were a coordinated effort by militants . While most of the Baghdad attacks targeted majority Shiite neighborhoods , explosions also took place in the majority Sunni provinces of Salaheddin , Diyala , and Mosul . No militant group claimed responsibility for the attacks , but authorities believe they may be attempts to unnerve Iraqis and erode their confidence in the ability of Iraq 's army and police , a police official said . The country has seen more coordinated attacks since American troops withdrew from Iraq at the end of 2011 , the official said . An Iraqi government spokesman declined comment on the incidents . But the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said it "  strongly condemns " what it called terrorist attacks . "  These heinous acts targeted people going to work and shopping , children going to school and security forces working to protect the citizenry , " the embassy said , adding the attacks were "  targeted at all the people of Iraq in a desperate effort to undermine Iraqi society and its institutions . " The United Nations ' Assistance Mission in Iraq also condemned the violence "  in the strongest possible terms . " "  The continuing violent attacks on Iraqis are totally unacceptable and have to stop , " said Martin Kobler , special representative of the U.N. secretary-general , in a statement . The attacks "  are meant to hinder the achievement of national unity and stability , " he said . In Baghdad , incidents included gunmen opening fire at a police patrol checkpoint , a car bombing in a busy square and an attack at an outdoor market , according to police officials . Roadside and car bombings were also reported in towns including Hilla , Baiji , Kirkuk and Dujail , police said . In the town of Mosul , two suspected suicide attackers were shot dead by Iraqi security forces as they were attempting to carry out an attack , police officials said . The death toll in Iraq has fluctuated over the past four months as U.S. troops completed their withdrawal . In November 185 Iraqis were killed , the majority of them civilians , according to sources within Iraq 's Ministry of Interior . In December , that number dropped to 155 . Iraqi government figures for January showed 151 deaths in violence . However , sources with the Ministry of Interior disputed that , saying 293 people were killed . And the London-based Iraq Body Count group , which tracks civilian deaths , put January 's deaths at more than 400 . "  The situation is worsening , " said Hamit Dardagan , co-founder and principal analyst of the organization . January 's figure "  shows a constant level of violence that does n't seem to let up . " While the 2011 death toll -- more than 4,000 , according to Iraq Body Count -- was drastically lower than that recorded at the height of the violence , between 2005 and 2007 , the group predicted in a January 2011 report that a low level of conflict in Iraq would continue to claim a number of civilian lives for years to come . Iraq 's Sunni , Shiite and Kurdish leaders have squared off in recent months after an arrest warrant was issued for Tariq al-Hashimi , the country 's Sunni vice president . Al-Hashimi is accused of organizing his security detail into a death squad that targeted government and military officials . The warrant was issued shortly after the vice president 's Sunni-backed Iraqiya party said it would boycott Parliament , saying Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki was cutting it out of the decision-making process . Al-Hashimi last week denied the charges in a televised speech , saying the Iraqi judicial council is under the control and influence of the central government and that the charges are "  politically motivated . " Iraqi officials expressed concern Thursday that the violence could cast a shadow over Iraq 's hosting the next Arab summit on March 29 . The government said earlier this month that logistical and security arrangements had been agreed upon for the event . The U.S. Embassy said , "  We are confident the Iraqi people will remain firm in their desire to keep sectarian division at bay and not allow the terrorists to win or their corrupt vision to triumph over the democratic will of the people . "	NEW : The United Nations and U.S. Embassy in Baghdad condemn the attacks More than 200 people are injured Official : More coordinated attacks have been seen since U.S. troops withdrew Iraq hosts an Arab summit on March 29
CNN  -- A U.S. marshal fatally shot a defendant in a Utah federal courtroom Monday morning after he rushed at a witness as his trial began , officials said . Siale Angilau , an alleged gang member charged with racketeering conspiracy , was shot several times at a Salt Lake City federal courthouse after Angilau attacked someone who was on the witness stand , Judge Tena Campbell said in a court document about the incident . He later died at a hospital after being shot in the chest , the FBI said in a news release . "  There were people yelling at him , telling him to stop , and he just did n't stop , " Sara Josephson , who was in the courtroom , told CNN affiliate KSTU . "  He kept going forward with his furiousness . " The station quoted FBI Special Agent in Charge Mark Dressen , who said Angilau grabbed a pen and charged a witness . "  I believe he was shot in the chest multiple times , " Dressen told KSTU . People were ducking behind benches , Perry Caldwell told the station . He said one person yelled , "  Get on the floor ! " "  He  Angilau  was falling as  the marshal  was still shooting him , " Caldwell said . Witnesses told CNN affiliates that the witness was a prisoner who was testifying about his life in a gang . Angilau was the only person shot , said Melodie Rydalch , spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney for Utah . Campbell declared a mistrial , noting the shooting happened in front of jury members , who were "  visibly shaken and upset . " "  The court finds that this occurrence in the courtroom would so prejudice Mr. Angilau as to deprive him of a fair trial , " Campbell wrote . Angilau was one of nine alleged members of the Tongan Crip Gang charged in a 2010 indictment with racketeering conspiracy . The indictment alleges Angilau committed several convenience store robberies in Salt Lake City and assaulted the stores ' clerks from December 2002 to July 2007 . Angilau was charged with several other crimes , including assaulting a federal officer . 2 women , gunman killed in Delaware courthouse shooting 2013 : Capital murder charges in killings of Texas prosecutors CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Witness tell CNN affiliates a prisoner was on the witness stand , testifying about gang life NEW : Woman says man who was shot appeared furious Officials : Defendant -- alleged to be a gang member -- rushed at witness on first day of trial Defendant charged with racketeering conspiracy , accused of several robberies
CNN  -- One person was reported dead and numerous boats and harbors suffered damage in the United States after the tsunami triggered by the massive earthquake off Japan swept across the Pacific Ocean at jet speed Friday . The fatality was reported in northern California 's Del Norte County , where a 25-year-old man was declared dead Friday afternoon after being swept out to sea off a beach while trying to photograph the tsunami 's arrival , said Joey Young , a spokesman for the county 's emergency operations center . "  We had one person reported missing who has been confirmed dead , " Young said . "  The Coast Guard has been doing a search for the body , but the oceanic conditions are making it very difficult . " The victim 's name had not been released late Friday . He had been standing on a sandbar at the mouth of the Klamath River when he was washed away , Young said . Two of his friends were carried off as well , but were able to return safely to shore , he said . The tsunami struck the Hawaiian Islands shortly after 3:07 a.m. Friday  8:07 a.m. ET  -- less than eight hours after the magnitude 8.9 earthquake struck off Japan , where nearly 300 people had been reported killed by early Saturday . The Hawaiian capital Honolulu is nearly 3,800 miles  6,100 km  from the epicenter of Friday 's quake . It brought six-foot waves to Maui , where harbors remained closed Friday night , and brought 8.1-foot waves to Crescent City , California , about 15 miles north of where the only known U.S. fatality occurred . A tsunami warning was in effect in the rural area north of Redwood National Park where the victim and his friends had dared to go on the beach . He was declared dead Friday afternoon , after Coast Guard helicopters searched for him for five hours , said Lt. Todd Vorenkamp , a Coast Guard spokesman . "  The shoreline here is a dangerous , treacherous place on a good day , and with a tsunami warning , it 's exponentially worse , " Vorenkamp said . California Gov. Jerry Brown declared a state of emergency for four coastal counties Friday as the ocean surge inundated beaches , ports and harbors and prompted the opening of emergency shelters . In addition to Del Norte , the declaration covered Humboldt , San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties in northern California . Harbors in California and Hawaii bore the brunt of scattered damage in the United States . In Crescent City , a commercial fishing center near the Oregon state line , docks and about 35 vessels in its harbor suffered damage , Young said . In Alaska , Gov. Sean Parnell reported no damage from the tsunami Friday . U.S. Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr. Rick Foster told CNN that all California ports were open , but oil and hazardous materials transfers were suspended until further notice . Cutters and helicopters were deployed in several areas of the state , including Santa Cruz , south of San Francisco , where several vessels were overturned or broke loose from their moorings in a marina . There were no reported injuries or distress calls , said Foster . Sensors on the southern end of the island of Hawaii , sometimes called the "  Big Island , " were wet , indicating ocean water had come at least 100 feet ashore , officials said . The Coast Guard reported that a house on the Big Island had been washed into Kealakekua Bay . Harbors reopened Friday afternoon in U.S. Pacific territories and all Hawaiian islands except Maui , where all remained closed late Friday , the Coast Guard reported . At least 10 recreational vessels in Hawaii were sunk by the tsunami , and about 200 boats were reported damaged in Oahu 's Keehi Lagoon alone . Businessman Charlie Leonard , who lives on the 19th floor of a condo on Waikiki Beach in Honolulu , said Hawaiians took this tsunami more seriously than they did following a February 2010 earthquake in Chile . "  You could hear a pin drop in Waikiki , " Leonard said . "  It came home to people , " he said , referring to the devastation in Japan . "  I think everybody 's grateful " that damage does not appear to be major in Hawaii . Leonard and a business partner operate a waste and recycling business and had to move about 50 trucks late Thursday . Geraldine DeConte , owner of Hilo Harry 's Taxi , told CNN there was a small surge of water onto land , but conditions were "  pretty moderate . It 's no big thing , " she said . Her business , fortunately , is on higher ground . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center predicted the waves , which came in about every 15 minutes , and said they were "  not going to be a major damaging event " for Hawaii . It appeared the state 's residents had heeded calls to move away from the coast , and Honolulu officials told residents to "  be aware that inundation effects could continue for several hours . " "  We called this one right , " the warning center 's Gerard Fryer said . "  This evacuation was necessary . " The threat of a tsunami prompted the U.S. National Weather Service to issue a warning for at least 50 countries or territories around the Pacific after the 8.9-magnitude earthquake struck Japan on Friday . The warnings for Guam and Indonesia were later lifted . CNN 's Carter Evans in Hawaii , Casey Wian , meteorologist Sean Morris and Phil Gast and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : The tsunami sunk 10 boats in Hawaii , the Coast Guard reported A 25-year-old man was declared dead after being swept out to sea off California Northern California city records 8.1-foot tsunami wave "  You could hear a pin drop in Waikiki , " Honolulu resident says
CNN  -- Iran and world powers are resuming talks in Geneva amid high hopes that a diplomatic solution to Iran 's nuclear program will finally be reached . But while the P5 +1 -- the U.S. , UK , France , Russia , China and Germany -- and Iran appear to be closer than ever to striking a deal , there are still a lot of details to iron out . Read our explainer to get up to speed on 60 years ' worth of nuclear history in Iran . When did Iran 's nuclear program begin ? The U.S. launched a nuclear cooperation program with Iran in 1957 -- back when the Shah ruled Iran and the two countries were still friends -- and by the mid-70s Iran began developing its nuclear power program . But the U.S. pulled its support when the Shah was overthrown during the Islamic Revolution in 1979 . Why is the West worried about Iran 's nuclear program ? Since the 1979 revolution the West has worried that Iran could use its nuclear program to produce atomic weapons by producing highly-enriched uranium -- the material needed to make a bomb . Iran has always insisted it only wants to use nuclear power for peaceful purposes . In 2003 nuclear inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency announced they had found traces of highly-enriched uranium at a plant in Natanz . Iran temporarily halted enrichment but resumed enriching again in 2006 , insisting enrichment was allowed under its agreement with the IAEA . What did the international community do ? In late 2006 the U.N. Security Council passed sanctions against Iran for failing to suspend its nuclear program . Sanctions that initially targeted Iran 's nuclear capability were greatly expanded over the next seven years to include bans on arms sales to Iran , travel bans on certain Iranians , Western bans on buying Iranian oil , and bans on dealing with Iranian financial institutions , including the country 's central bank . Have sanctions worked ? No and yes . In 2007 Iran claimed to have 3,000 centrifuges capable of enriching uranium . Today Iran has 19,000 centrifuges and is building more advanced ones , according to Mark Hibbs , a nuclear policy expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . On the other hand , sanctions have crippled the country 's economy . Oil revenues have plummeted , and the local currency had dropped 80 % in value by 2012 . The Iranian people have faced spiralling inflation and job layoffs within the state sector , according to CNN 's John Defterios . Why are Iran and world powers talking now ? The U.S. believes these sanctions have left Iran little choice but to compromise its nuclear ambitions in return for relief from the economy-destroying effects of the oil and banking bans . Newly-elected Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is also more moderate than his predecessor , and all sides believe there could now be a window of time to get a deal done . How close is Iran to producing a nuclear bomb ? One U.S.-based anti-proliferation group says Iran could potentially produce enough weapons-grade uranium for a nuclear bomb in as little as a month if it broke with international laws and went all-out towards production . But Hibbs says most world powers believe Iran is realistically at least a year away . "  Most of the people involved in this negotiation are looking at a longer time frame of between 1 and 3 years , " he said . "  Negotiators have to be concerned about this but they know it 's a worst-case scenario . " What would a deal on Iran 's nuclear program look like ? Most importantly , Iran would have to agree to suspend enriching uranium to 20 % purity , according to one scenario being considered . While uranium is n't bomb-grade until it 's enriched to 90 % purity , Hibbs says "  once you 're at 20 % , you 're about 80 % of the way there . " Iran would also have to reduce its uranium stockpiles , stop constructing new centrifuges , and freeze essential work on its heavy-water reactor under development at Arak , which could be used as a source of plutonium -- a second pathway to a nuclear bomb . In return , world powers would have to agree to relax sanctions and allow Iran to enrich some uranium at a low level . Iran also wants the world to acknowledge its right to enrich uranium under the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons  NPT  . Does Iran have the right to enrich uranium ? The U.S. and other world powers say no , but Iran says yes . Iran believes that it has the right to enrich uranium as a signatory to the NPT , but Hibbs says no such right is enshrined in the treaty . "  There is a right to the peaceful use of nuclear activities in the NPT , " he says , "  but there 's not a right to enrich uranium specifically . " While not conceding the point in principle , Iran appeared to loosen its stance on the issue at the weekend when Foreign Minister Javad Zarif reportedly told the ISNA news agency that Iran 's right to enrich "  does not need recognition , because it is an inseparable right based on the NPT . " Why have n't other countries faced similar sanctions for their nuclear programs ? India tested its first nuclear device in 1974 , followed by Pakistan in 1998 . Israel has always refused to confirm or deny that is has the bomb , although the Federation of American Scientists estimates it has around 80 atomic weapons . Action was never taken against India and Pakistan , partly because they never signed up to the NPT -- and in the latter 's case , Hibbs says , "  because there was very little that the U.S. could 've done to stop Pakistan . " Iran , on the other hand , signed up to the NPT and its declared program is being inspected by the IAEA . And Hibbs says the IAEA and world powers "  have information suggesting that Iran has carried out activities it has n't declared in the past . " Who 's against a deal ? Israel is opposed to Iran having any nuclear enrichment capabilities at all and says the current plan is "  a bad deal " that wo n't work . "  Iran is practically giving away nothing . It 's making a minor concession , which they can reverse in weeks , " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told CNN . "  I think if you want a peaceful solution , as I do , then the right thing to do is ratchet up the sanctions . " CNN 's Fareed Zakaria says Saudi Arabia 's objections to Iran are existential . "  The Saudis regard Tehran as a heretical , Shiite , Persian enemy that must be opposed , " he says . "  Its antipathy predates Iran 's nuclear program and will persist whatever the resolution of it . " Hibbs says that as a country with nuclear power ambitions itself , Saudi Arabia is deeply hostile to Iran having a nuclear program that includes sensitive activities like uranium enrichment . Republican leaders in the U.S. Congress have also said they will try to pass new Iran sanctions , despite Secretary of State John Kerry 's warning that the move could "  destroy the ability to get an agreement " in Geneva . And even if a deal is agreed , the White House faces an uphill battle trying to convince those same Congressional leaders to pass laws to relax sanctions on Iran . Another tough sell will be Iran 's hardliners . Zakaria says : "  Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and the Revolutionary Guards remain deeply anti-American , and they may well oppose the concessions that Rouhani and Zarif would have to make to get a deal . " Obama 's task is two-fold , says Zakaria : "  First he has to get a deal that hardliners in Tehran can deal with . Then he has to get one that the hard-liners in Washington and Jerusalem and Riyadh can abide . " How would a deal be enforced ? Iran could end up with a program that allows some uranium enrichment in exchange for full cooperation with IAEA inspectors over the next few years , according to Hibbs . Hibbs says : "  What 's missing is answers from Iran to pressing questions from the IAEA about the scope and extent of the Iranian nuclear program during its history . If the powers are going to relax sanctions , they and the IAEA need to know that the program in Iran is exclusively dedicated to peaceful use . If they can get answers to those questions , that will bring Iran pretty far along . " Read more : U.S.-Israel rift over Iran nukes now in the open Read more : Give Iran talks time , says skeptic Read more : Why Israel , Gulf states are skeptical of Iran talks	Iran 's nuclear program actually began with cooperation from the U.S. in the 1950s Sanctions since 2007 hit ordinary Iranians hard but failed to halt country 's nuclear program Most countries involved in talks believe Iran is between 1 and 3 years away from bomb Israel and Saudi Arabia will reject any deal that allows Iran to keep enriching uranium
CNN  -- When faced with bullies at school , one 11-year-old girl decided not to fight back with her fists . Instead , she sought help from a higher source : She wrote to President Barack Obama . To her surprise , the president replied to the letter personally . "  My mom , she taught me violence never solves the problem , " Zianey Stokes of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , said Friday . "  At my school , we 're not supposed to hit no other child , and I did n't want to do that , because I 'm not a violent person . " In her letter , Stokes described the bullying she saw and experienced at school . "  They would torment me . They would take my lunch and call me names and talk about my family members . ... They talked about my clothes and how I look , " she said . In his reply , Obama said he was glad she wrote to share her story . "  Your letter demonstrates a desire to change the culture of your classroom as well as your community . "  Bullying , whether in person or online ... is never OK . All of us must recognize that our shared experience and our unique differences are what make this nation so special , " the letter reads . "  You deserve a safe and enjoyable classroom and together we will strive to make it a reality . " When she discovered the letter in her mailbox , Stokes was "  excited , and I was happy , and I wanted to cry . " The president 's letter inspired her to start an anti-bullying club at her school , she said , and she wants to found an organization called No Kids Should Be Bullied . "  I would like to thank him for writing me back , " she said , adding that things have gotten much better with the bullies at school . "  They 're just really trying to be my friend , " she said . And as for her future , Stokes has that figured out , too . "  I 'm becoming a writer ... or the president of the United States . "	11-year-old Zianey Stokes writes president about bullies at school Mother "  taught me violence never solves the problem , " she says President wrote back that "  bullying ... is never OK " Philadelphia girl was inspired to start anti-bullying club at school
London  CNN  -- If you want to make a phone call you will have to find a big red box on the street -- that 's if you 're prepared to brave the occasional dense smogs that afflict London . Or you could instead curl up on the sofa with a hot drink and watch the only channel on television ; as long as you have n't already used your tea ration for the week and your family is one of the few that has a TV set . Anyone taking a ride in a time machine back to the London of 1952 when Queen Elizabeth II came to the throne would find a dramatically different country to the UK 's modern capital . The country was still suffering from the aftermath of World War II and there was very little to resemble what we might now recognize as youth culture There were no mobile phones of course , but 60 years ago few people in the UK owned a car , television or washing machine . Some food rationing was still in place -- tea rationing ended in October of that year but sweets and sugar were still rationed until 1953 . Even clean air was not guaranteed . In December 1952 , 4,000 people were killed by the choking urban fumes that accompanied the London fog , and thousands more were made ill . Winston Churchill was British prime minister , identity cards were only just being ripped up and the blockbuster "  Singin ' in the rain " starring Gene Kelly was playing at the movies . Even money was different . British people bought and sold in farthings , florins , tanners , shillings , half crowns and thrupenny bits , and sometimes using coins minted in the reign of the queen 's great , great-grandmother , Queen Victoria . Finding the 1952 smash hit So what was life really like in 1952 and how does it compare to modern Britain ? "  I hated it , " recalls Sparrow Harrison who set up the Cae Dai 1950s-era museum in Denbigh , North Wales , UK . "  It was miserable . Sex was forbidden and smoking was chic . "  You had to do exactly the same as your parents . You wore the same clothes as your parents.There was n't really a youth culture -- music was n't orientated towards youth , " he said . So if you journeyed back to 1952 and turned on a bakelite radio , what would be the summer 's smash hit ? It 's difficult to say . Elvis had n't happened yet and neither had an officially compiled UK pop chart -- success was previously measured in sales of sheet music . The first list based on record sales in the UK was published by New Musical Express in November 1952 and the first chart topper was Al Martino 's "  Here in my heart . " Listen to Al Martino 's hit and then compare it to the current UK top-selling single by Fun . called "  We are young , " and featuring Janelle Monae . The early 1950s belonged to traditional singers like Bing Crosby and Vera Lynn though the male youth culture centered on the "  Teddy Boy " was starting to make an appearance . With their distinctive swept-back hair , smart jackets and crepe-soled shoes , the fashion grew out of a revival of the clothing of the reign of the queen 's great-grandfather Edward VII -- these "  New Edwardians " became the Teds . Fashion was also changing for women . Dennis Nothdruft , curator at London 's Fashion and Textile Museum , said : "  Fashion changed tremendously in the years immediately following the war . The real emphasis became femininity and luxury after years of ` make do and mend . ' Designers such as Lucienne Day revolutionized surface pattern with strong sophisticated color and style . Firms like Horrockses Fashions also created brightly colored , fashionable cotton dresses . " It 's the new color that Kenneth Taverner , 76 , recalls from his youth in Tottenham , north London . "  Ladies wore flowery frocks , " he said . "  They went colourful after the drab clothes during the war and wore long gloves on special occasions . Men always wore a hat or cap when out . " He said he liked being freed from rationing and the independence of getting his first scooter . Tell us how are you marking the jubilee Salary levels clearly depended on your job but most people earned less than # 10  $ 15.40  a week ... roughly equivalent to # 260  $ 400  now . The UK 's minimum wage is currently set at about # 240  $ 369  a week for 40 hours ' work . New coinage introduced in early 1970s Even most British time travelers would find 1950s London bewildering . There were 12 pennies in a shilling , 20 shillings in pound , and each penny had a quarter value . Some of the coins had nick names so a shopkeeper might tell you a purchase was "  two and a tanner " or a "  bob , three farthings . " The currency changed in the early 1970s so time-travelers younger than their mid-40s might find themselves confused ... or conned . The cost of some things are roughly equal . Take bread for example . In 1952 , a loaf cost about three pence  about 50p or 77 cents  in modern terms ... but for a limited choice . Now we can buy a huge range of different styles -- from ciabattas to chilli flatbread . One big food chain store in the UK lists more than 100 bread options on its website , ranging from 45p  60 cents  to # 1.87  $ 2.88  , and all can be bought online . The term "  buy with a click of a mouse " would be complete nonsense to someone living in the mid-50s as home computers had yet to be invented and the web was decades away . A study of spending over the last half century reveals some surprising trends . A mid-1950s family spent 33 % of their budget on food , compared to around 15 % in the modern era . And according to the same figures from the UK 's Office for National Statistics , the biggest expense on the shopping list after rent or mortgage payments was for cigarettes . Six per cent of the family budget went up in a haze of blue smoke . "  Everyone smoked -- that 's a really big difference to nowadays , " said Sparrow Harrison . "  To chat up girls you would always offer them a cigarette . " London smokers now have to puff away in the street because smoking inside public buildings is banned . And they might not recognize the local landscape either . "  In 1952 , Britain had n't really turned the corner from World War II , " said Jim Gledhill , curator of social and working history at the Museum of London . "  You would still see significant evidence of bomb damage and the legacy of the war -- a lot of recovery was still going on . " Some things may never change So has anything stayed the same -- would our time travelers recognize anything from 1952 ? Agatha Christie 's play The Mousetrap opened in London in 1952 and is still showing at St. Martin 's Theatre . Mr. Potato Head was launched in the U.S. by Hasbro and is sharing a diamond anniversary with the queen , though both the popular toy and the monarchy now have a Facebook page . The British are still passionate about football and cricket , and they still drink in pubs . London 's great landmarks like St. Paul 's Cathedral , the Tower of London and the Houses of Parliament still stand but are somewhat cleaner since the dark days of the smog . Distinctive , red double-deck buses and black cabs still cruise the streets , and the weather is much the same . Adventurous older time travelers returning to their youth might also take some comfort from the queen 's words . In Queen Elizabeth II 's first Christmas speech in 1952 she said : "  We must keep alive that courageous spirit of adventure that is the finest quality of youth ; and by youth I do not just mean those who are young in years ; I mean too all those who are young in heart , no matter how old they may be . " You can see more of the London of 1952 by visiting a collection of pictures at historypin	Tea rationing ended in October 1952 but sweets and sugar were still rationed until 1953 In 1952 4,000 people were killed by the London smog and thousands more made sick When Queen Elizabeth II came to the throne , 6 % of the family budget was spent on cigarettes Agatha Christie 's play The Mousetrap opened in London 60 years ago and is still showing at St. Martin 's Theatre
LONDON , England  CNN  -- She is one of the world 's most likeable and photogenic leaders , has her own YouTube channel , and is determined to change the face of learning in the Middle East . Queen Rania 's down-to-earth personality has won hearts and minds all over the world . She is also , according to you , the most inspirational leader featured on CNN 's "  The Spirit of ... " in 2008 . Thousands of CNN Web site users voted to award her the honor for her matchless energy working with Jordan 's young people , ahead of luminaries such as peace advocate Kofi Annan , activist Wangari Maathai and environmentalist James Lovelock . This is Queen Rania 's second award in as many months . In November , she was presented with the first ever YouTube Visionary Award for her bold use of the video-sharing network to discuss stereotypes about Islam and the Arab world . The channel fielded questions from young people about all aspects of Islamic culture . She could not be present to personally receive the honour at YouTube 's Live event in San Francisco , but her pop-culture-savvy pre-recorded acceptance speech showed her to be possibly the coolest queen alive . She delighted viewers with a lighthearted top-ten list of reasons for registering her own YouTube channel , which included , "  Because I did n't have enough friends on Facebook , " and "  Because anything Queen Elizabeth can do I can do better . " The experimental venture gained her a faithful online following , and since then the channel has become a platform for entertaining , non-hostile debate . It is exactly this willingness to set aside her royal image and interact with the public that her fans say has shown Queen Rania 's dedication to bringing about change . She first entered the international spotlight 15 years ago after marrying Abdullah II bin al-Hussein , the then future king of Jordan . In 1999 , she was proclaimed Queen , the world 's youngest at age 28 . She wasted little time in applying herself to various causes , and soon made her name as an engaging advocate for women 's rights and moderate Islam , and as a heavy investor in youth . The 38-year-old mother of four has said that she cares about her people as if they were her own children , and wants to ensure as many of them as possible get the most out of school . Queen Rania may be light-hearted in some of her approaches , but she is very serious when it comes to revitalizing education in the Middle East . She has made closing the Middle East 's "  knowledge divide " -- the gap in knowledge that has grown as a result of people in richer countries having more access to computers , the Internet and education than those in poorer countries -- a top priority over the next few years in the hope that it will unlock the economic potential of the region 's population . Queen Rania certainly has a challenge on her hands . Earlier this year , the Arab League Educational Cultural and Scientific Organisation revealed that nearly one in three between the ages of 15 and 45 is illiterate . Alongside promoting equal rights for men and women and the importance of literacy , Queen Rania has strived to convince both the education and private sectors that existing education systems need reinvigoration . She has repeatedly called for creative instruction and explorative learning to be embraced in the classroom . In April of this year , Queen Rania launched the Madrasati  "  My School "  project , which encourages Jordanians to get their neediest schools back on their feet . Under the program , communities are working with the public and private sectors to raise funds and recruit volunteers to renovate school facilities and provide school supplies and equipment . This is expected to improve the learning environment for children , and ultimately have a ripple effect on the neighborhoods where the schools are located . Queen Rania 's campaigns in various areas have helped to inspire other Middle Eastern policy-makers to see globalization in a more positive light -- a truly inspiring leader .	Queen Rania voted "  The Spirit of ... " most inspirational leader of 2008 Online readers acknowledge her work with education , women 's rights and Islam Queen Rania personally encourages open dialogue through her YouTube channel
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama took the push for his stalled $ 447 billion jobs plan to North Carolina on Monday , telling two audiences that alternative proposals put forward by his Republican critics amount to little more than sops to the rich that will gut critical regulations and fail to restore economic growth . My "  bill will help put people back to work and give our economy a boost right away , " Obama told a morning crowd at Asheville Regional Airport . "  But apparently , none of this matters " to GOP leaders . "  I 've gone out of my way to find areas of cooperation " with congressional Republicans , the president declared . "  We 're going to give members of Congress another chance to step up to the plate and do the right thing . " But "  if they vote against these proposals again ... then they 're not going to have to answer to me . They 're going to have to answer to you , " he said . Later Monday , Obama told students at West Wilkes High School in Millers Creek that Republican opposition to his plan "  makes no sense , " and he criticized the GOP alternative proposal as an attempt to satisfy the party 's conservative wing . "  It 's way overdue for us to stop trying to satisfy some branch of the party and take some common-sense steps to help " the economy and the nation , he said to a cheering crowd . Since Obama 's plan was rejected in the Senate -- due to unanimous GOP opposition -- Democratic leaders have decided to try to move it through Congress by breaking it up into a series of smaller legislative proposals . But his appearance , analysts note , was as much about campaign politics as the bill . The president will spend the next three days on a bus tour through politically pivotal North Carolina and Virginia -- two states carried by Obama in 2008 but considered up for grabs next year . Veteran Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , whom Obama defeated in the 2008 election , criticized the president Monday for using the taxpayer-funded trip for what McCain called political campaigning . "  On the taxpayer-paid dime , the president is now traveling , attacking the Republican plan , " McCain said on the Senate floor . While noting Obama 's right to level such criticism in a political venue , McCain added : "  Is that appropriate on the taxpayer 's dime , since it is clearly campaigning ? " In Asheville , the crowd repeatedly chanted "  four more years " before and during Obama 's remarks . "  I appreciate the ` four more years , ' but right now , I 'm thinking about the next 13 months , " the president said . "  We do n't have time to wait . We 've got a choice right now . " Obama 's senior strategist , David Axelrod , vowed Sunday that every part of the bill will eventually have a vote . "  The American people support every single plank of that bill , and we 're going to vote on every single one of them , " Axelrod said on ABC 's "  This Week . " He would not say which part of the plan would come first . Republicans will "  get a vote on whether they believe we should protect tax breaks for small business owners and middle-class Americans , or whether we should protect tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires , " Obama said in a written statement last Tuesday . Meanwhile , demonstrators in Southern California said they 'd gather Monday to protest the GOP 's stance on the president 's jobs bill . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , and California Reps. Dana Rohrabacher and Ed Royce will be together in the area for a fundraising event . "  Members of the Courage Campaign , teachers and health care workers will deliver a petition to Speaker Boehner signed by 25,000 Courage Campaign members ... demanding that he hold a vote on President Obama 's American Jobs Act , " a statement from the demonstrators said . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , said over the weekend that there could be agreement on some elements . "  Let 's work together . Let 's find some of the things in his plan that we agree with , and let 's go ahead and do that for the American people , " he told "  Fox News Sunday . " The past week was an indication that "  we can come together , " Cantor said , citing the passage of three trade bills . Cantor did not make clear exactly where areas of agreement may be . But he cited the need to help small businesses find capital , unemployment insurance reform and infrastructure spending as broad ideas for which both sides have expressed support . But "  we 're not going to be for tax increases on small businesses , " Cantor said of the president 's plan . Republicans filibustered the Senate version of the president 's jobs bill last week , though a handful of Democrats had said they would have opposed the measure if it had made it to the chamber 's floor . Among other things , Obama 's overall blueprint includes an extension and expansion of the current payroll tax cut , an extension of jobless benefits , new tax credits for businesses that hire the long-term unemployed and additional money to help save and create jobs for teachers and first responders such as firefighters . The largest measure in the package is the payroll tax cut , which comes at a projected cost of $ 265 billion . Employees normally pay 6.2 % on their first $ 106,800 of wages into Social Security , but they are now paying only 4.2 % . That break is set to expire at the end of December . Obama wants to cut the tax in half , to 3.1 % . Republicans previously embraced the cut , but have increasingly questioned its economic merit . A second key measure -- estimated to cost roughly $ 44 billion -- is the extension of emergency jobless benefits to help the long-term unemployed . Lawmakers first expanded benefits to cover 99 weeks in 2009 , and have since reauthorized the expansion five times . Republicans are at particularly sharp odds with Democrats over how to pay for the plan . GOP leaders oppose a provision that would fund the measure through a 5.6 % surtax on annual incomes over $ 1 million . Republicans have accused the president of engaging in so-called "  class warfare , " while Democrats say wealthier Americans need to share in the cost of fiscal responsibility . On Monday , a Senate Democratic leadership aide told CNN that Democrats will seek a 0.5 % surtax on annual incomes over $ 1 million to pay for the first individual component of Obama 's broader jobs package . That component of the larger jobs bill would provide $ 35 billion in aid to states to help preserve jobs for teachers and first responders , the White House and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's office said . However , a top Senate Republican leadership aide immediately said that Republicans -- and some Democrats -- probably would not be willing to go along with a tax increase to pay for the measure . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan and Virginia Nicolaidis contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. McCain criticizes Obama , says he 's campaigning on a taxpayer-funded trip President launches a three-day visit to North Carolina and Virginia The two states are key battlegrounds in the presidential race The White House has called on Congress to pass the jobs bill incrementally
Homicide rates in Central America and the Caribbean are nearing a "  crisis point , " according to a United Nations report . Across Central America , homicide rates have increased in five out of eight countries over the past five years , with Honduras seeing homicide rates more than double between 2005 and 2010 . Mexico saw a 65 % increase over the same period . Homicide rates have also surged in Jamaica , Trinidad and Tobago , and the Dominican Republic . "  Organized crime -- especially drug trafficking -- accounted for a quarter of deaths caused by firearms in the Americas , compared to only 5 % of homicides in Asia and Europe , " the report says . "  That does not mean , however , that organized crime groups are not active in those two regions , but rather that they may be operating in ways that do not employ lethal violence to the same extent . " More than four in 10 homicides were committed with firearms , according to the report . Gun crime is driving violence in Central America and the Caribbean . The U.N. report estimates the total number of homicides globally at 468,000 people in 2010 -- 36 % took place in Africa , 31 % in the Americas and 27 % in Asia . Europe and Oceania combined account for less than 6 % of all homicides . "  Globally , some 80 % of homicide victims and perpetrators are men , " the report says . "  But , whereas men are more likely to be killed in a public places , women are mainly murdered at home , " according to the report . "  In Europe , women comprised almost 80 % of all people killed by a current or former partner in 2008 . "	The U.N. report estimates global homicides at 468,000 Murder rates are highest in parts of the Americas and Africa Eight in 10 homicide victims are men , report says Most women are murdered at home
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Carrie Prejean has been dethroned as Miss California USA for "  contract violations , " including missing scheduled pageant events , according to a state pageant official . Donald Trump poses with Carrie Prejean in May . Prejean was removed as Miss California USA on Wednesday . Prejean , 22 , retained her title last month despite a controversy over topless photos , missed appearances and her statements against same-sex marriage . Miss USA pageant owner Donald Trump decided to fire Prejean a month after he gave her a second chance . "  Carrie is a beautiful young woman , and I wish her well as she pursues her other interests , " Trump said . Runner-up Tami Farrell , who was Miss Malibu , will immediately assume the Miss California USA title , state pageant Executive Director Keith Lewis said . "  This was a decision based solely on contract violations , including Ms. Prejean 's unwillingness to make appearances on behalf of the Miss California USA organization , " he said . Watch the new Miss California talk about the developments " Lewis told CNN 's Larry King on Wednesday that it was n't one thing Prejean did , but "  many , many , many things . " "  She came to us and said , ` I 'm not interested in your input ; I 'll make my own decision what I 'm going to do , ' " Lewis said . "  You know , when you have a contract , when you 're working for someone , you have a responsibility to follow through on what that requirement is . " Lewis told King it was clear "  she was not interesting in upholding the title or the responsibilities . " Trump brought Prejean and Lewis together in New York for a meeting last month , after which he announced that communications between the beauty queen and pageant officials had been repaired . "  I told Carrie she needed to get back to work and honor her contract with the Miss California USA organization , and I gave her the opportunity to do so , " Trump said . "  Unfortunately , it just does n't look like it is going to happen , and I offered Keith my full support in making this decision . " Charles Limandri , Prejean 's lawyer , said she learned about the decision Wednesday morning in a phone call from Trump 's office . "  This is all kind of a big shock , " Limandri said . "  We 've been working with Mr. Trump 's office . She 's been doing all the speaking engagements she 's been asked to do . It is not true that she has not been cooperating . " No one from the pageant organization ever warned Prejean she was not doing what they wanted , he said . "  Something is going on , " he said . "  Truth is not being told . I do n't understand where this is coming from , or why . " "  For people to say that she breached her contract , that she is not doing speaking engagements is false , " he said . "  She did one last Sunday in Las Vegas and it went really well . " Prejean stepped into controversy at the Miss USA pageant in April when she declared her opposition to same-sex marriage in a response to a question asked during the national pageant by Perez Hilton , a pageant judge . Prejean finished as first runner-up , but it was not clear if her answer cost her the crown . During a radio interview Wednesday with Billy Bush , who also was host of the pageant , Prejean said it was that controversy that led to her losing her title , not contract issues . "  It 's just because of my answer , I think , " Prejean told Bush . "  None of this would be happening right now if I just said yeah , gays should get married , you 're right Perez Hilton . " Wednesday night on Larry King , Bush asked the new Miss California USA the question that sparked controversy for Prejean . Bush asked Tami Farrell whether in light of several states allowing gay marriage she thought other states should do the same . "  I think it 's a personal decision and a civil rights issue , " Farrell said . "  It 's something we should let each state decide . " In addition to Prejean 's gay marriage answer , controversy boiled to a new level in early May when seminude photos of Prejean appeared on gossip Web sites . Miss California USA officials -- some of them outspoken advocates of same-sex marriage -- suggested the photos breached the contract Prejean signed with the pageant . These officials also complained they could n't reach Prejean and she had missed important pageant events . The controversy seemed over when Trump declared the pictures not to be too racy and Prejean promised to do better in communicating with the state pageant . Hilton , the judge who asked the same-sex question during the pageant , cheered Prejean 's firing . "  Better late than never , " Hilton said . Shanna Moakler , a former Miss USA who resigned as co-executive director of the California pageant when Trump did not dismiss Prejean last month , welcomed Wednesday 's decision . "  First and foremost , my faith has been restored in the Miss Universe organization and with Donald Trump , " Moakler said . "  I believed eventually what I intimately knew would come to fruition . "	NEW : Prejean tells Billy Bush she thinks gay marriage answer was reason for firing "  Better late than never , " Perez Hilton says of Carrie Prejean 's firing Prejean was Miss California USA , controversial due to statements , topless photos Runner-up Tami Farrell will take over as Miss California USA
CNN  -- At least 49 people have been killed across several cities in western Syria during the past two days of fighting between pro- and anti-government forces , an opposition group said Thursday . Most of the deaths have occurred in the city of Rastan , where at least 27 people were killed amid heavy shelling , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria -- a network of opposition activists who organize and document anti-government demonstrations . Twelve others were killed in the western city of Homs , the group reported . The Syrian army has been fighting units that had defected from the military , said the LCC and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based opposition group . Many people have been critically wounded in Rastan , and it is difficult to get them first aid , the Syrian Observatory said . The Syrian government , meanwhile , says it is engaged in a campaign against terrorists . It denied reports that warplanes had raided Rastan , according to the government news agency SANA . Instead , it said , law enforcement forces backed by army units confronted "  armed terrorist groups " who had wreaked havoc in Rastan and killed civilians . The government said seven army and law enforcement members had been killed and 32 others wounded . CNN is unable to independently confirm death tolls or events in Syria , which has restricted the access of international journalists to many parts of the country . Thursday 's reports from the opposition groups coincide with a mob attack of government supporters in Damascus that U.S. ambassador Robert Ford narrowly avoided , a U.S. government official said . Ford , who has been outspoken against the Syrian government 's use of violence against protesters , is seen by government supporters as an activist more than a diplomat . At the time of the attack , Ford was visiting Hassan Abdul Azim , the head of the opposition Arab Socialist Democratic Union . According to Azim , about 50 to 100 people gathered at the door to his office and began to chant loudly when Ford arrived . Some of them even tried to break down the door , he said . The crowd protested rowdily for more than two hours , he said . Azim could not confirm what Ford was attacked with , but he said that tomatoes that had apparently been thrown were cleaned up off the street afterward .	NEW : At least 49 people have been killed in the past two days , the opposition says The opposition says many have been critically wounded in Rastan The government denies reports that warplanes have attacked Rastan The Syrian army has been fighting units that had defected from the military
CNN  -- A magnitude-4 .4 earthquake rattled residents of southern California early Tuesday morning , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries , authorities said . However , police and fire officials said they had received calls from residents awakened by the quake . Its epicenter was 11 miles east-southeast of the Los Angeles Civic Center , the USGS reported . It struck at 4:04 a.m. "  First it was a small one and then a big one , " said Chris Curiel , who was working at the Vallejo Mini Market in Whittier , a town near the epicenter . "  It felt like the floor was sinking . " He said merchandise on the shelves began shaking , but there was no damage . Because his market is a gas station , earthquakes are a bit more worrisome , he said . Curiel said he knew immediately an earthquake was happening , and he has felt one before . Ravi Singh , night shift supervisor at a 7-Eleven in Pico Rivera -- the town a mile east-northeast of the epicenter -- told CNN he was making coffee when the store 's windows started rattling . There was no damage , he said . "  Everything is fine . " iReporter says "  it sounded like there were kids dancing upstairs " Although the temblor was centered 11 miles below the Earth 's surface , according to USGS , the movement was enough to awaken some southern Californians . "  It felt like two quick jolts , " said CNN 's Rosalina Nieves . "  I felt some shaking , and I was n't sure if it was just my upstairs neighbor ... but then you definitely felt two quick jolts . " She said the movement lasted for a couple of seconds . While earthquakes are common in southern California , Nieves , a native of Los Angeles , said recent earthquakes in Chile and Haiti have caused concern . "  The first thing that jumps into your mind is , ` Is this the big one ? ' " she said . CNN 's Maria White contributed to this report .	Magnitude 4.4 earthquake strikes at 4:04 a.m. Epicenter is 11 miles east-southeast of Los Angeles Civic Center Quake was centered 11 miles below the Earth 's surface , USGS says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The National Transportation Safety Board has released dramatic animation of two runway near-collisions this year to illustrate what the agency says is the need for improvements in runway safety . The NTSB animation shows two planes nearly colliding at the San Francisco International Airport in May . The first animation shows a Delta Air Lines Boeing 757 and a United Airlines Airbus A320 coming within 230 feet of colliding on the runway at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Florida in July . The re-creation was based on radar and flight data recorder information from the planes involved . The animation includes audio from the air traffic controller , who can be heard yelling , "  Stop , stop , stop ! " to the United plane as the Delta aircraft attempts to land . Watch animation , hear controller 's pleas " The second animation shows a May incident at San Francisco International Airport in California in which a Republic Airlines jet takes off , coming within 35 feet of a SkyWest Airlines commuter turboprop that has just landed . There were no injuries in either situation . The videos were shown Thursday during the NTSB 's annual "  most wanted transportation safety improvements " board meeting , where the agency reviews its greatest concerns in transportation safety . The Federal Aviation Administration reported that serious runway incursions were reduced by 25 percent in 2007 , but the NTSB said much work remains on runway safety and systems to notify pilots when they are about to collide with another plane or vehicle . NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker expressed frustration with the slow progress of implementing new technology , such as the use of a global positioning system-type procedure in cockpits that would help warn pilots of dangers on the runway . Rosenker told the NTSB-only panel , "  It is time to do something before we have to investigate an accident that is catastrophic . " Among the most wanted transportation safety improvements cited on the NTSB 's Web site are items to "  stop runway incursions/ground collisions of aircraft " with the notations "  action needed by Federal Aviation Administration " and "  unacceptable response . " The site says systems the FAA has added to airports to warn air traffic controllers of potential collisions are n't "  sufficient . " "  In recent incidents , -LSB- one system -RSB- did not alert controllers in time to be effective , and the situations were instead resolved by flight crew actions that sometimes bordered on heroics or just plain luck , " the NTSB site says . "  Until there is a system in place to positively control ground movements of all aircraft , with direct warning to pilots , the potential for this type of disaster will continue to be high . " Rosenker told Thursday 's board gathering that "  this must be resolved . " "  We 've had this recommendation for a number of years -- too many number of years , " he said . Other areas of NTSB concern include fuel tanks on airplanes , pilot and air traffic controller fatigue , and technologies that could help prevent automobile collisions . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Eric Fiegel contributed to this report .	NTSB shows dramatic animations of two recent near-collisions on runways In a Florida incident , planes came within 35 feet of colliding NTSB wants FAA to improve systems to alert pilots to runway danger
CNN  -- Memo to the "  adults " of the Republican Party : If you notice that I have changed my current missive to address adults  as opposed to addressing the establishment as I 've done in the previous two  , this was done to acknowledge Indiana GOP Chairman Eric Holcomb . Holcomb said recently , "  Republicans are fretting the four dancing now ca n't beat Obama in the fall â $ " so their national talent search continues , " adding that the pleas had come from "  the adults " in the party . The truth of the matter is I like the phrase "  the adults " much more than "  the establishment " because it gives much more insight into the current state of the GOP . Chairman Holcomb clearly meant to differentiate the adults from the many children in the Republican Party . This caused me to get very nostalgic in thinking back to Thanksgiving dinners at my grandparents ' house in the 1950s . In rural South Louisiana , the adults sat in the big dining room with real chairs , silverware , china , crystal and wine . Whereas the children were relegated to sitting on the front porch with folding chairs , card tables , paper plates and Dixie cups . We had our choice between orange pop and Barq 's  that 's root beer . What really used to tick me off -- in fact it was the most scarring event of my childhood -- my Aunt Lilly used to bring Leidenheimer New Orleans french bread for the adults and we kids were forced to eat cruddy Baton Rouge sliced white bread . We were a rowdy bunch but deep down inside we always wondered what it would be like to sit with the adults at the big table . Herein lies your problem . You 've got Karl Rove , Chris Christie , Mitt Romney , George Will , Mitch Daniels , Jeb Bush , and all the rest of 'em in the dining room . Out on the front porch is Sarah Palin , Newt , the Ricks  Santorum and Perry  , Michele Bachmann , and Donald Trump . The adults have been trying to wire this thing up for some time and the children just wo n't behave on the front porch . You 've got Santorum sneaking upstairs checking the medicine cabinet to see who is taking birth control pills . Let 's not forget , just as Thanksgiving dinner was over we all had to get together under the oak tree in the front yard for the family photograph . And this was the '50s , we just did as we were told . But when you guys organize the family photo shoot in Tampa this coming August you are gon na have a hell of a time getting all of the children to line up for the picture . Sarah is not too happy about the way that you look at her . In fact , she has expressed a willingness to help out in Tampa by indicating her willingness to serve as your party 's nominee . And if it is possible for George Will to get any whiter than he is , he will certainly turn to some shade of John McCain . Then you 've got the problem of Newt out at the children 's table . He does n't play well with others . And it is gon na be hard to get him in line for the family photo . Newt is the kind of guy who ca n't seem to get the proper amount of attention and he 's not the "  go along to get along " type . I see from the news that Mitt has sent his super PAC goons to snatch up little Ricky Santorum and take him behind the woodshed for a little "  chat . " That ought to keep him subdued through Michigan . But that child has built up a lot of resentment over the years and has proven to be quite pesky . My guess is that you could have more trouble ahead with Santorum . He is what my aunt would refer to as a "  difficult " child . Now the kids on the front porch have gotten restless and they are demanding entry into the big dining room . For the longest time you 've been able to keep these pesky brats at bay . Every now and then one of them serves as some kind of an irritant -- Pat Buchanan being a notable example . You let him sit at the big table at the convention in Houston in 1992 and he used the wrong fork to say the least . It strikes me that a lot of these people will want to sit at the big table in Tampa . And like Pat Buchanan  he 's still giving you guys fits  they are gon na have bad table manners . Rick Santorum will want to give a speech on the evils of contraception . Newt is going to talk about the Apocalypse . And how are you going to be able to shut up people like Trump , Bachmann , Perry and the rest of them ? It 's enough to make me feel sorry for you boys . In the end , you have to get this thing to work out . And Mitt is your only hope because Santorum is going to be part of a seven-state strategy . He can carry Idaho , Utah , Wyoming , South Carolina , Alabama , Mississippi , and Oklahoma . That 's about it . You know as well as I do that if Santorum is your nominee , you wo n't have two Senate candidates come to Tampa . You will have House candidates running away from the national ticket as fast as the devil runs from holy water . The whole thing will break down on you . In other words , you got a mell of a hess going on . And a well-mannered adult table conversation would never lead to making another guest uncomfortable . It seems that Jeb Bush could n't help but chastise fellow adult Mitt for his stance on immigration . Y' all are really having some problems . You adults better watch Newt because he could bust in at any time and demand papers for the help . You 're having what I refer to as a Ray Charles/Lester Maddox moment  by that I mean your problem is obvious .  Other than both being from Georgia , what could Lester Maddox and Ray Charles have in common ? I 'm sure that you recall they once asked the great Mr. Charles what was the worst thing about being blind , he instantly replied , "  well you ca n't see . " Lester Maddox once observed the problem with conditions in the Georgia prisons was the quality of the inmates . Obviously , the problem you adults are having is the quality of the Republicans voting in these primaries and caucuses . They are making y' all as batty as they are . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .	James Carville says the "  adults " in GOP are unhappy with the four remaining candidates He says they fear that none of them are capable of defeating President Obama Carville : If Santorum wins nomination , GOP House , Senate candidates will run for cover Carville : The Republicans ' only realistic choice is to unite behind Mitt Romney
LONDON  CNN  -- Iran offered to stop attacking coalition troops in Iraq nearly four years ago in an attempt to get the West to accept Tehran 's nuclear program , a British diplomat told the BBC in an interview aired Saturday . John Sawers , British ambassador to the U.N. , told BBC of Iran approaching Western nations with offer . "  The Iranians wanted to be able to strike a deal whereby they stopped killing our forces in Iraq in return for them being allowed to carry on with their nuclear program -- ` We stop killing you in Iraq , stop undermining the political process there , you allow us to carry on with our nuclear program without let or hindrance , " said John Sawers , now the British ambassador to the United Nations , in the documentary , "  Iran and the West : Nuclear Confrontation . " The United States and other Western nations believe Iran is pursuing a nuclear weapons program , but Iran says it is developing nuclear capability to produce energy . Iran also has been accused of sponsoring terrorists and supplying weapons to Iraqi insurgents . The latter prompted a warning from the United States that such behavior by Tehran "  would be regarded by us as enemy action , " Philip Zelikow , a State Department counselor , told the BBC . Then , Iran began shopping its offer around Europe , Sawers said . Sawers , Britain 's political director at the time , reveals the behind-the-scene talks from 2005 -- when roadside bombing against British and American soldiers in Iraq peaked -- were held with British , French and German diplomats at hotels in London , Paris and Berlin . "  And then we 'd compare notes among the three of us , " Sawers told the BBC . The British government dismissed the offer and Iran 's nuclear enrichment program restarted once again , the BBC reports Iran has denied offering any such deal and reiterated its position Saturday . "  Iran 's high officials have repeatedly stated that Iran has not had any part in attacks against American and British forces , and there is no evidence to support these baseless accusations , " Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Hassan Qashqavi said , according to the semi-official Mehr News Agency . Interviews with top brass from former President Bush 's administration and British envoys indicate that Iran and the West had neared agreements several times in the past few years , but never reached success . Nick Burns , who was in charge of the Bush administration 's State Department policy with Iran , said taking a tough approach with Iran did n't seem effective . "  We had advocated regime change , " Burns told the BBC . "  We had a very threatening posture towards Iran for a number of years . It did n't produce any movement whatsoever . " The documentary aired a day after the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security released a report stating that Iranian scientists have reached "  nuclear weapons breakout capability . " The report analyzed the finding of the U.N. 's nuclear watchdog agency , the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  . However , an IAEA official who asked not to be named cautioned against drawing such dramatic conclusions from the data , saying Iran 's stock of low-enriched uranium would have to be turned into highly enriched uranium  HEU  in order to be weapons-grade material . That has n't been done , the official said . Meanwhile , Iran 's relationship with the West continues to be strained , though both sides have indicated interest in holding direct talks . President Obama , in his first prime-time news conference held earlier this month , said the United States is looking for opportunities for "  face-to-face " talks with Iran after an absence of diplomatic ties for nearly three decades . "  There 's been a lot of mistrust built up over the years , so it 's not going to happen overnight , " he said . And Iran 's powerful parliament speaker and former nuclear negotiator , Ali Larijani , has called the Obama administration "  an exceptional opportunity for Americans . "	Iran approached diplomats with offer nearly four years ago , BBC told Diplomat : Iran offered to stand down in Iraq if West would accept its nuke program Iran denies involvement in fighting in Iraq , says allegations are "  baseless " Despite strained relations , Obama administration has hinted at direct talks
LOS ANGELES , California  Reuters  -- Massive dogs belonging to "  Mission : Impossible " star Ving Rhames attacked and killed a live-in caretaker at the actor 's Los Angeles home Friday , police said . A sign on the gate of actor Ving Rhames ' home points out that a dog is on the premises . The caretaker , whose name was not released by authorities , was found dead on the front lawn of Rhames ' gated home in an expensive Brentwood neighborhood , covered in dog bites , a Los Angeles police spokesman said . Several large dogs were running loose on the property when police responded to the scene shortly after 7:15 a.m.  10:15 a.m. ET  and animal control officers took three huge bull mastiffs and an English bulldog into custody . "  It appeared that the person suffered a number of injuries as a result of the dog mauling , " Sgt. Lee Sands said . "  There were numerous dog bites all over his body , but the exact cause of death is pending the coroner 's ruling . " Sands said four dogs , the largest weighing nearly 200 pounds , were being quarantined as part of an investigation into the attack . He said it was not yet clear how many of the dogs had taken part in the mauling or why they had turned on the caretaker . The victim , who worked for Rhames for two years and lived on the property , was pronounced dead at the scene . Television pictures showed the body being removed from the scene , covered in a blanket . Neighbors said that they had never seen signs of aggression from the dogs . Representatives for Rhames , who is out of the country shooting a film , had no immediate comment . The 46-year-old actor is known for starring in "  Pulp Fiction " and alongside Tom Cruise in all three "  Mission : Impossible " movies . Rhames has a long list of film and television credits . He won a Golden Globe and Emmy nomination for starring as Don King in a 1997 TV movie about the flamboyant boxing promoter . The actor discussed dogs during a 1999 interview with the Los Angeles Times , describing a 1-year-old Fila Brasileiro  Brazilian Mastiff  he owned at the time as having been bred to guard slaves . "  It was the only dog they found that had the temperament to guard a slave , " Rhames said in the interview . "  It could be around you every day , but if you tried to run away ... " E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Dogs kill man at Ving Rhames ' L.A. house Man was caretaker at house Rhames , known for "  Mission : Impossible , " not at home when attack occurred
CNN  -- It 's just days till Christmas , and many young girls around the world will be thrilled to find little dolls under the tree to play with . But there 's new evidence that it 's not only human girls who enjoy playing with imaginary babies -- young apes may be showing the same behavior . A research paper published Tuesday has found what its authors say is the first-ever evidence that young female chimpanzees in the wild "  play " with sticks as if they are dolls . "  We find that juveniles tend to carry sticks in a manner suggestive of rudimentary doll play , " they write in the current issue of Current Biology . "  And , as in children and captive monkeys , this behavior is more common in females than in males . " The team of researchers watched and logged the Kanyawara group of chimpanzees in the Kibale National Park in Uganda for more than a decade . They were surprised to see young female chimpanzees carrying around sticks , apparently mimicking the way that mothers in the group cared for their own infants . The behavior would go on for up to hours at a time . "  The juveniles carried pieces of bark , small logs or woody vine , with their hand or mouth , underarm or , most commonly , tucked between the abdomen and thigh , " they wrote . "  Individuals carried sticks for periods of one minute to more than four hours during which they rested , walked , climbed , slept and fed as usual . " Co-authors Sonya Kahlenberg of Bates College and Richard Wrangham of Harvard University found that such behavior was witnessed only rarely among young male chimpanzees , pointing to the controversial idea that differences in play behavior even in other primate species may be gender-driven . Boy chimpanzees typically used sticks as weapons , shaking them to intimidate playmates . But just like human boys with "  action figures , " young male chimpanzees were sometimes seen playing with dolls as well . Kahlenberg described one 4-year-old male named Kakama in an e-mail response : "  He was observed to bring his stick into his nest and play the ` airplane game ' with it , that is , he laid on his back with his arms and legs extended upward and balanced the stick on his upturned palms and ` flew ' it from side to side . This behavior is performed by mother chimpanzees with their infants and , of course , human parents do it as well . Another interesting observation is that Kakama even constructed a separate nest for his stick . " It could be some combination of nature and nurture , as monkeys and apes have been observed playing with toys and dolls in captivity before , with previous studies showing an affinity for females to take on mothering role-play . "  Sex differences in juvenile stick-carrying did not result from females observing their mothers carrying sticks , since mothers never carried sticks , " the study found . "  Instead , youngsters apparently learned socially from each other . Such juvenile traditions have previously been described only in humans . " So should this behavior in any way alter the way we perceive chimpanzees , and any affiliation with human behaviors ? "  Regarding how this study is related to the sex difference that we see in how human children play , it has at the very least contributed to the discussion of the factors underlying these differences , " Kahlenberg answered . "  Our results suggest that part of the explanation may lie in innate differences between males and females . Specifically , there may be differences in how the sexes play that shape how they interact with toys , including which types they prefer . " That finding would suggest there may be a genetic and gender-driven force behind the play . The behavior seemed to be a practice exercise for how to care for babies , with the chimpanzees often seen taking the sticks back to their nests and playing with them in the same way mothers did with real offspring . The authors say that the doll play may have evolved to help the animals learn how to be better mothers and caretakers .	Report in Current Biology : Behavior is more common in females than in males Young chimps carried sticks in a manner similar to mothers caring for their young Boy chimps typically used sticks as weapons , but sometimes showed doll-play behavior Research paper was based on more than a decade observing chimps in Uganda
CNN  -- "  Do not be afraid , " Bella tells herself as she prepares to stride naked upon a moon-kissed Brazilian beach and consummate her marriage to Edward . It 's been her credo through four films now in the boffo "  Twilight " saga , and for all the criticism that novelist Stephenie Meyer preaches good old-fashioned abstinence , it 's worth pointing out that this gutsy heroine has a habit of making up her own mind and going after what she wants , even if  like everyone in her onscreen life  we ca n't bring ourselves to wholeheartedly approve of Bella 's determination to wed and bed a vampire at the age of 18 . "  Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " marks the beginning of the end for Bella  Kristen Stewart  , Edward  Robert Pattinson  and his arch rival , local wereboy Jacob  Taylor Lautner  . But fear not , the fat lady has n't sung just yet , and there 's still some life left in this domesticated gothic romance , even if you can feel it draining out before your eyes , drip by drip . It 's a rare series that improves the longer it goes on . "  Breaking Dawn " is too padded to compete with last year 's "  Eclipse , " but on the other hand , the production values have gone up each time , the actors have grown more comfortable in their roles  yes , even Lautner  and with each new film comes a new , more accomplished director . Bill Condon , taking over from David Slade , was a surprising choice for the job -- he 's best known for A-list fare like "  Dreamgirls , " "  Kinsey " and producing the Hugh Jackman Oscar telecast a couple of years ago -- until you remember his breakthrough film , "  Gods and Monsters "  with Ian McKellen as "  Frankenstein " director James Whale  , and before that a long apprenticeship in pulp schlock . Condon immediately makes himself at home , throwing in a sneaky tribute to "  The Bride of Frankenstein " and milking the wedding sequence as if he means to outdo William and Kate .  More trees !  It 's not all about the extravagance though : The cross-cutting as the couple exchange their vows is a lovely , simple touch that crystallizes the emotion of the moment . Then Condon reverts to "  Lifestyles of the Rich and Fatuous , " with a ridiculously ostentatious and overlong honeymoon getaway . iReport : Fans go crazy for the latest ` Twilight ' Unlike Mrs. Frankenstein , Bella is n't freaked by her monstrous other half . But the long-delayed and much-anticipated love scene does have a nasty sting in the tail : In Meyer 's world , it seems that sex is n't safe even within the bonds of marriage . It 's not the act itself  "  Awesome " -- despite the bruising and considerable property damage  but the after-effects , which I suspect most everyone knows by now include the prospects of a little bloodsucker running amok . Having split the last book into two , screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg struggles to parse enough plot to keep this episode on the boil -- or even simmering . The aggressive threats from Washington 's wolf pack ring hollow , a lame attempt to inject macho excitement into the movie 's self-inflicted prolonged pregnant pause . iReport : A 3 out of 5 for this ` Twilight ' A doggy powwow is easily the movie 's biggest unintentional howler . But mostly , Condon ladles on the atmosphere effectively enough with the now-customary indie-pop soundtrack  Iron and Wine ; Sister Rosetta ; Mia Maestro  so up front we 're only a whisker away from a full-on musical . And he delivers the grotesquely bloody finale with something approaching operatic gusto . We 've come a long way since dads could escape labor pains by putting the kettle on and pacing outside in the hallway ; this scene could send birth rates plummeting . iReport : ` Twilight ' more a social event than a movie Critics will scoff , and this is n't a very good movie , but it 's been a while since I saw anything so deliciously delirious .	"  Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " is too padded to compete with last year 's "  Eclipse " The long-delayed and much-anticipated love scene does have a nasty sting in the tail Bill Condon delivers the grotesquely bloody finale with operatic gusto
Ankara , Turkey  CNN  -- A top Turkish official apologized for the "  police aggression " that fueled nationwide protests against Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan as trade unions threw their weight behind the demonstrations Tuesday . The 240,000-member KESK confederation of public-sector workers called for a two-day strike to protest what it called the "  fascism " of Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party . The protests began over plans to replace an Istanbul park with a new development , but spread nationwide after a heavy-handed crackdown by police . After chaotic scenes in the streets Monday that continued late into the night and sent tear gas wafting through the air , the situation was relatively calm Tuesday in Istanbul 's Taksim Square , near the park where the protest movement began , and in the capital Ankara . Riot police around Ankara 's central Kizilay Square brought in armored vehicles topped with water cannon in a show of force Tuesday evening , but the demonstrations throughout the day were calm . The protests have morphed into larger complaints against Erdogan , who has led Turkey for 10 years . His critics call him paternalistic and authoritarian , accusing him of accumulating more and more power and growing less tolerant of dissent . In Istanbul , the crowds have been chanting "  Tayyip resign " -- referring to Erdogan -- and "  shoulder to shoulder against fascism . " What 's driving unrest and protests in Turkey ? Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc apologized Tuesday "  for the police aggression against our citizens who were involved in the initial protests and acted with environmental concern , " Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency reported . He said security forces had been ordered to only use gas in self-defense . "  They are doing a hard job . When they are executing their jobs , they may sometimes use extraordinary , even excessive , use of force . But they wait in a passive mode unless something comes from the other side , " Arinc said . And he added , "  I do n't think we owe an apology to those who caused destruction on the streets and who interfered with people 's freedom . " The Turkish Medical Association said that at least 3,195 people were injured in clashes Sunday and Monday , with 26 in serious or critical condition . Most of the injuries were in Istanbul . Read more : Turkish protesters decry ` unprecedented violence ' One protester , Mehmet Ayvalitas , died of his injuries , the medical association said . And the governor of Hatay in southeastern Turkey said that a 22-year-old man , Abdulah Comert , was killed with a firearm by unknown people during demonstrations late Monday , Anadolu reported . Erdogan 's opponents appear determined to continue the demonstrations despite the prime minister 's comment Monday that he expects the situation to return to normal "  within a few days . " Erdogan , who left the country Monday on a four-day trip to North Africa , has responded by dismissing the demonstrations as the work of "  extreme elements " and marginal groups . "  My smart citizens will recognize this , then they will give them the right lesson , " he said Monday . The protests began after plans were made to raze Gezi Park , the last green space in central Istanbul , and replace it with a replica of 19th-century Ottoman barracks . The development would contain a shopping mall . Despite economic boom , Erdogan targeted by protests What began as a sit-in by a handful of angry residents quickly grew into a larger protest . Riot police moved in , using tear gas and pepper spray . Protesters responded by hurling bottles , setting up barricades , blocking bulldozers and burning trash in the middle of the street . Then , outraged by the behavior of security forces , demonstrators began attacking police . International groups including Amnesty International have criticized the police response as excessive . In Ankara on Sunday night , a CNN crew witnessed authorities roughing up at least one protester . One police officer kicked a CNN videographer , CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported , and a CNN crew in Istanbul on Sunday also witnessed bloodied protesters . The protests have spread to 67 of Turkey 's 81 provinces , according to Anadolu . While Erdogan has maintained a defiant tone , Turkish President Abdullah Gul sounded a conciliatory note Monday , saying "  the messages sent in good faith have been received . " Opinion : Is Turkey on the verge of a meltdown ? Hugh Pope , a senior Turkey analyst with the International Crisis Group , called the protests "  completely unprecedented " and said Erdogan was caught off guard . Most demonstrators , Pope said , are "  overwhelmingly ordinary people " who simply want their voices heard . "  However , there are other demonstrators who are somewhat more opportunistic in the left-wing factions who normally do n't get much in the way of airtime in Turkey and are camped on Taksim Square , " Pope said . Erdogan has defiantly praised his government 's accomplishments in overseeing a decade of strong economic growth in Turkey . His party has won the past three elections , most recently securing 49.95 % of the vote in 2011 . "  What you have is essentially a large group of Turks who feel alienated from this government , in power for 10 years , " said Richard Haass , a Middle East analyst at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington . "  It 's increasingly a one-party country . All the politics happen within it . The opposition is weak , divided , feckless , " he said . "  You have a lot of people in Turkey who feel both alienated and intimidated by the government , and this is the way they decided to push back . " CNN 's Ivan Watson and Talia Kayali contributed to this report .	NEW : Riot police move water cannon to Ankara square Deputy prime minister apologizes for police aggression in initial protests Public-sector unions join demonstrations against Erdogan He says the demonstrations are the work of "  extreme elements "
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Chicken nuggets . Sandwiches . Pizza . Baseball games . Play-Doh . These are some of the basics of childhood that could prove deadly to my 4-year-old son , Teddy . Teddy took his first sip of milk in 2005 , triggering a strong allergic reaction as seen in this family photo . Teddy has food allergies that can cause anaphylaxis , a deadly condition that can cut off his breathing . He has to steer clear of milk , eggs , wheat , peanuts and tree nuts -- even places like baseball stadiums where peanut exposure ca n't be avoided . We found out about Teddy 's allergies partially through trial and error and then through allergy testing when he was 18 months old , and we did n't want any more missteps . Now our job is to try to prevent contact with those foods until he either outgrows them or he becomes old enough to police himself . Watch what we go through to protect Teddy " Our vigilance starts before food even enters the house . When we are in the grocery store , we have to read every label to see if the food contains something harmful . See tips about living with food allergies " We 'll get all the way through one of these and be thinking , "  hurray ! " and then see "  caramel coloring " and have to put it back . There 's still enough wiggle room in food labeling , apparently , to not have to list what 's in that -- often milk -- or what 's in "  natural flavoring . " Devil in the details And just because a food item was OK last week does n't mean the recipe has n't changed . And just because the package looks right does n't mean you 've picked up the right package . I was in a hurry when I picked up rice cheese in December , so I did n't carefully read the label . Teddy saw the cheese when I was unloading the groceries and asked for a slice -- and then another . Although the cheese looked like our regular vegan cheese without milk , it was an almost identical package that contained milk protein . Teddy ended up in a hospital emergency room with hives all over his arms , legs , tummy and back . His nose was running and he was drooly . He got a shot of epinephrine before he could develop breathing problems . It 's a harsh reminder that we can never let down our guard . Once we get food into the house , we try to label it . We have stickers , or we use markers to warn away from giving a particular product to Teddy . Labels are n't enough for baby sitters . We set out a bin of "  Teddy safe " snacks . School : Lots of cupcakes , no Play-Doh School is tough , too . The macaroni necklaces my 8-year-old daughter Catie once made for me in pre-K were charming . Who would think that something so simple could make another kid very sick ? There 's no Play-Doh . It can have wheat in it . Same for papier-mache . Teddy 's pre-K teachers are great -- they contact us for alternative suggestions when their lesson plans include food products . But it can be exhausting . Every month , it seems , there is another "  holiday " at school . And all seem to be connected to food celebrations . Every time other parents send food in , we have to worry about whether Teddy will be safe . I try to always be the "  cupcake mom , " because I can make cupcakes without milk , eggs or wheat that still taste good .  Even the teachers fight to get them .  When someone else brings cakes , I try to find out in advance so I can make a Teddy-safe alternative . If there is no warning , the school has a bin of Teddy-safe snacks . Challenges in the kitchen I try to cook mostly Teddy-safe food at home . The first reaction many people have to hearing of Teddy 's allergies is a dumbfounded , "  What does he eat ? " There are actually many foods that are OK for him : meats , vegetables , fruits and most grains . We just do n't often get the chance to use convenience foods . I have alternatives for meatloaf and tacos that work OK . But sometimes I just want to make pasta for the family . I know that I could just make rice pasta for everyone . But , frankly , it 's about three times the price and does n't taste as good . So I have to be careful . I ca n't use the same spoon to stir both . And even when I 'm draining the pasta , I have to remember that if I do n't drain the rice pasta first , I have to use two colanders . So I try to keep that straight . This is why it 's nearly impossible for us to get Teddy food at a restaurant . It 's very easy for a contaminated utensil to be used in the kitchen without us knowing . And that would be after getting the restaurant staff to show us labels from all food items . This month , we will be meeting with some staff members at Teddy 's new elementary school , where he 'll be entering kindergarten in August . When we start a new school or new situation , it 's always an anxious time . We 're going to talk with the school nurse and cafeteria manager about strategies to keep Teddy safe . Teddy will need a classroom as free from danger as possible , and that can be an issue . As soon as we talk about not having peanut products in his classroom , some people think we do n't want their kids to have peanut butter sandwiches for lunch . No , we just want peanut products eaten only in the cafeteria . In the lunchroom , Teddy can be watched so that if peanut butter touches him or milk is spilled on him , he will be decontaminated as quickly as possible . If milk touches Teddy , he gets hives -- he does n't even have to ingest it . This is a lot different from "  lactose intolerance , " which some people confuse with a milk allergy . Lactose intolerance produces gastric distress for someone . A milk allergy can be life-threatening . We 'll probably post signs the way we 've done at his day cares and preschool , showing him in reaction to an allergen and listing what action to take . Fears of budget cuts We 're hoping that the school nurse does n't fall victim to budget cuts , because that is our emotional safety net right now . We 're comforted by the thought of someone with anaphylaxis experience being close to Teddy . It 's all part of the constant vigilance , doing our best to keep him safe . If we 'd been handed a list of Teddy 's allergies when he was freshly born at the hospital , I think we 'd have been overwhelmed . But we found out a bit at a time , and we 've been dealing with it now for more than three years . Despite some bumps , Teddy 's been able to survive our stumbles and thrive .	Teddy , age 4 , has food allergies that , left untreated , can cut off his breathing 1 to 2 percent of children suffer from food allergies , according to experts Eating chicken , pizza , peanuts -- even going to baseball games -- can be deadly Teddy 's mom describes how this affects his lifestyle , at school and home
CNN  President Barack Obama shared jokes about pot and Hillary Clinton 's email controversy at the annual Gridiron Club dinner in Washington on Saturday . The club 's dinner brings together Washington 's media elite , with noteworthy politicians typically attending , as well . Despite being held by a media organization that raises scholarship funds for journalism students , the dinners are generally closed to cameras . Organizers only allowed a select few pool reporters to enter while the President spoke . The lack of media glare allows guests to let some of their guard down , perhaps unleashing a few more jokes than they might if the cameras were rolling . At one point Obama , clad in a white tie , predicted he would get more laughs this year than in the past . "  I 'm not saying I 'm any funnier . I 'm saying weed is now legal in D.C. , " he said . Voters in the District of Columbia legalized small amounts of marijuana last year , much to the chagrin of some in Congress . The President also touched on the controversy over the archiving of Clinton 's emails while she was secretary of state . Obama lamented that while he was once a tech-savvy candidate , Clinton now seemed more up to speed . "  Now I 'm yesterday 's news , and Hillary has got a server in her house . I did n't even know you could have one of those in your house . I am so far behind . Did you know that ? I would have gotten one , " he joked . The domain name for Clinton 's private email address was @clintonemail . com . Obama was n't the only politician attending this year 's dinner . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker also dropped in . He 's of course rumored to be in contention to run for president in 2016 . Walker , a Republican , acknowledged some headlines of his own , like when Rudy Giuliani said at a Walker event last month that he does n't think Obama loves America . To date , Walker had n't said whether he agreed with Giuliani or not . "  I want to get this out of the way once and for all . I believe President Obama loves America and every single American in it . Except for Rudy Giuliani , " Walker said , according to a transcript provided by his staff . "  If I did not love America , I would n't have moved here from Kenya , " Obama later countered in a joking reference to unsubstantiated theories that he was n't born in the United States . Every president since 1885 except for Grover Cleveland has attended the 130-year-old organization 's dinner . Obama has attended three times as president and last attended back in 2013 .	"  If I did not love America , I would n't have moved here from Kenya , " Obama quips He was attending the annual Gridiron Club dinner where politicians crack jokes
Washington  CNN  -- Prodded by growing public frustration over sharply rising gasoline prices , the Justice Department on Thursday announced the formation of a team -- the "  Oil and Gas Price Fraud Working Group -- tasked with the goal of ensuring consumers are not victims of price gouging . Gas prices exceeding $ 4 per gallon or higher are "  tough " for most Americans , President Barack Obama told an audience in Reno , Nevada . "  We are going to make sure that no one is taking advantage of American consumers for their own short-term gain . " "  This gas issue is serious , " the president said . "  It hurts . " CNNMoney : Why is gas outpacing oil in price ? Attorney General Eric Holder made no secret the move is a direct response to public angst , not to current evidence of any illegal conduct . "  Rapidly rising gasoline prices are pinching the pockets of consumers across the country , " Holder said in a written statement released at the Justice Department . Gas price jumped while he was still pumping "  We will be vigilant in monitoring the oil and gas markets for any wrongdoing so that consumers can be confident they are not paying higher prices as a result of illegal activity , " he said . The working group will report to the existing Financial Fraud Task Force , which in turn reports to the attorney general . The new working group will be composed of representatives of the Justice Department , the National Association of  State  Attorneys General , the Treasury Department , the Energy Department , and several financial regulatory agencies . Holder said he is asking the group to explore "  whether there is any evidence of manipulation of oil and gas prices , collusion , fraud , or misrepresentations at the retail or wholesale levels that would violate state or federal laws . " iReport : What are gas prices like where you live ? While promising official vigilance , the attorney general acknowledged regional differences in gasoline prices , and said , "  It is also clear that there are lawful reasons for increases in gas prices , given supply and demand . "	NEW : Obama promises to ensure companies do n't take advantage of U.S. consumers There is no current evidence of illegal conduct , Attorney General Holder says "  We will be vigilant in monitoring the oil and gas markets , " he says He notes there are "  lawful reasons " for increases in gasoline prices
CNN  -- A leading international children 's charity has warned that Elton John 's desire to adopt a 14-month-old baby boy could lead to more children being abandoned . Elton John kisses baby Lev during his visit to the orphanage in Ukraine on Saturday . The singer , 62 , made the announcement during a visit with his partner , 46-year-old David Furnish , to an orphanage for HIV-affected children in Ukraine on Saturday . "  David always wanted to adopt and I always said no because I am 62 and I think because of the traveling I do and the life I have , maybe it would n't be fair for the child , " he told reporters . "  But having seen Lev today , I would love to adopt him . I do n't know how we do that but he has stolen my heart . And he has stolen David 's heart and it would be wonderful if we can have a home . I 've changed my mind today . " While EveryChild praised the British musician for helping raise awareness of children affected by HIV/AIDS , it said international adoption is sending out the wrong message . James Georgalakis , EveryChild 's Communications and Advocacy Manager , told CNN : "  Research conducted in the Ukraine in 2007 which showed high-profile celebrity adoptions and news around foreigners coming into the country and adopting children generally was actually encouraging vulnerable young mothers to abandon their children into homes hoping their child would be adopted by a rich foreigner and have a better life . "  So it 's quite well documented that these high-profile adoptions could actually be increasing the number of children in institutions . " Do you think celebrity adoptions are a good thing ? According to research by the charity 's Web site , 95 percent of the children in Ukraine 's institutions are not orphans , with babies born to HIV + mothers facing particular discrimination . They are separated from their mothers and often end up in children 's homes and institutions segregated from children not affected by HIV . It argues that governments such as Ukraine need to be encouraged to put more emphasis on keeping families together rather than placing them in outdated Soviet-era children 's homes . "  After a great deal of campaigning by charities such as ours , the Ukraine government introduced a new ` gate-keeping ' system which means the authorities will have to consider all available options before a child is placed in an institution , " Georgalakis said . "  So when a child is taken into care or abandoned , they will have look at whether a child has other family or can be fostered by another family for example . This is a huge step forward and one that needs support . "  We will definitely be speaking to Elton and his representatives about this . " Elton John is the latest high-profile figure to be linked with a case of this kind . Earlier this year , Madonna won a court appeal to adopt a second child from Malawi . Critics of the pop-star accused the pop superstar of taking advantage of "  archaic adoption laws " in a bid to adopt three-year-old Chifundo James . Madonna 's initial attempt was denied because she did not meet a residency law that requires applicants to have lived in the country for some time before adoption . This condition was waived when Madonna -- and then husband Guy Ritchie -- adopted her first Malawian child , David Banda . The judge in that case said the interest of the child outweighed the issue of residency . Meanwhile , the British Association for Adoption and Fostering said around 4,000 children need to be adopted in UK each year , with many facing a considerable wait . BAAF Chief Executive David Holmes told CNN : "  While Elton John may be considered too old under current guidance to adopt a baby in the UK , there are many children , particularly older children , sibling groups , children with disabilities , and children from black minority groups , all waiting for a family . "  We 'll certainly be reinforcing this message during National Adoption Week in Britain later this year . "	Elton John , 62 , made announcement during a visit to an orphanage in Ukraine EveryChild charity believes international adoption sends wrong message Spokesman : Mothers abandon children in hope they are adopted by foreigners Madonna recently won appeal to adopt second child from Malawi
CNN  -- In the quiet world of German politics , outspoken Social Democrat leader and Angela Merkel 's main challenger , Peer Steinbrueck , is causing something of a storm . First there was the Italian blooper : he referred to Beppe Grillo and Silvio Berlusconi as the "  two clowns who have won the Italian election . " Ja , wir koennen ! Can American-style campaign work in Germany ? Admittedly one of the two , Grillo , had been a successful comedian before turning to politics . But still , the comment caused Italian president Giorgio Napolitano to cancel an official engagement in Germany . Then there was the interview with the Frankfurter Allgemeine newspaper , in which he claimed the German Chancellor 's salary was too low for his liking -- which may not be the wisest comment if you are running for the post . Interactive : Who is running in German election ? He then raised eyebrows even further by claiming Angela Merkel was getting extra political points for being female . And finally , there was that photograph : a portrait of the nation 's would-be leader , raising his middle finger to the camera . On the cover of the Süddeutsche Zeitung , one of Germany 's most widely-read newspapers . Peer Steinbrueck 's nicknames range from "  Problem-Peer " to "  Peerlusconi . " Still , they signal an improvement from the early days of the election campaign , when only a few would have recognized him at all . Although he had served as a federal minister in the past , he is currently a rank-and-file MP . And when you 're trying to get noticed , even bad publicity is better than none . Could euroskeptics spoil Angela Merkel 's election party ? An economist by trade , Steinbrueck grew up in Hamburg and joined the political ranks shortly after graduating from university . He is an accomplished politician , having served as Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia , before moving into the federal sphere . Merkel , his rival in the election race , was once his boss : he served as finance minister in her first government , from 2005 until 2009 : as Lehman Brothers collapsed and the Eurozone crisis started to bite , his political star rose . A sharp critic of the shadow banking system , he was responsible for Germany 's bank rescue plan . "  He has a reputation as an efficient manager of the fiscal crisis , " writes researcher Michael Miebach . That , however , may not be viewed entirely positively by potential voters . "  He does not define himself by making overly empathetic social statements , " Miebach writes . "  Quite the contrary , many social democratic activists regard him as a cold-hearted , pro-business technocrat . " Is Germany playing beggar-my-neighbor with the eurozone ? In the SPD election manifesto , he does promise to establish state-wide minimum wage and increase tax rates for top earners -- proposals rejected firmly by Merkel . But his critics argue that his promises do n't come across as particularly honest , and he lacks popularity . "  His public persona is -LSB- one of -RSB- perceived arrogance and -LSB- a -RSB- lack of connection with low-income households , " says political scientist Patricia Hogwood . That is not good news for his party , the SPD . With a leader perceived by many as conservative , more voters appear to be shunning the SPD in favor of the more "  radically " socialist party , Die Linke . Angela Merkel : Europe 's Mrs. Nein Observers say that throughout the campaign , Peer Steinbrueck has been everything Angela Merkel is not : cheeky , spontaneous , impulsive . But women in particular are not amused by his style , with 70 % of female voters finding the middle finger incident "  very bad , " according to a Forsa Institute poll . Steinbrueck and his wife Gertrud , a former teacher  the couple has three children  , have given joint interviews in an effort to boost his image among women . Moreover , his coalition past and image as a hard pro-business economist might deter the voters who are otherwise attracted to his personality . With polls predicting his party will secure just 26 % of votes , he can not afford to lose any more support thanks to further gaffes .	Social Democrat leader Peer Steinbrueck is Angela Merkel 's main rival in the election race He served as finance minister in Angela Merkel 's first coalition government from 2005 to 2009 The polls are predicting his party 26 % of votes , he will need coalition partners if he wants to govern
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- Those who knew Nidal Malik Hasan before he was a major in the Army -- and the suspect in last week 's mass killing at Fort Hood -- say he was long known for militant Islamist views . Doctors who crossed paths with Hasan in medical programs paint a picture of a subpar student who wore his religious views on his sleeve . Several doctors who knew Hasan spoke to CNN , but only on condition of anonymity because of the ongoing investigation of the shooting , which left 12 soldiers and one civilian dead and dozens of other people wounded . Hasan , an Army psychiatrist who faces 13 counts of premeditated murder , "  was clearly espousing Islamist ideology " during his time as a medical student at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences in Bethesda , Maryland , one of his former classmates told CNN . Hasan 's family has revealed little about him , saying in media interviews that Hasan was a "  good American " and a lifelong Muslim who complained he was harassed in the Army because of his religion . His former classmates describe a much more militant Hasan . His presentations for school were often laced with extremist Muslim views , one source said . "  Is your allegiance to Sharia law or the United States ? " students once challenged Hasan , the source said . "  Sharia law , " Hasan responded , according to the source . The incident was corroborated by another doctor who was present . The source recalled another instance in which Hasan was asked if the U.S. Constitution was a brilliant document . Hasan replied , "  No , not particularly , " according to the source . The former classmate told CNN that he voiced concerns about Hasan to supervisors at the school . A second former medical school colleague of Hasan said several people raised concerns about Hasan 's overall competence . Even though Hasan earned his medical degree and residency , some of his fellow students believed Hasan "  did n't have the intellect " to be in the program and was not academically rigorous in his coursework . Hasan "  was not fit to be in the military , let alone in the mental health profession , " this classmate told CNN . "  No one in class would ever have referred a patient to him or trusted him with anything . " The first classmate echoed this sentiment . Hasan was "  coddled , accommodated and pushed through that masters of public health despite substandard performance , " the classmate said . He was "  put in the fellowship program because they did n't know what to do with him . " The second classmate said he witnessed at least two of Hasan 's PowerPoint discussions that included what he described as extremist views . In these presentations , which were supposed to be about health , Hasan justified suicide bombings and spoke about the persecution of Muslims in the Middle East , in the United States and in the U.S. military , the source said . Some in the crowd rolled their eyes or muttered under their breath , he said , and others were clearly uncomfortable . Those in the audience , which included program supervisors , did not loudly object to Hasan 's presentations , but did complain to their higher-ups afterward . The supervisors expressed "  appreciation , understanding and agreement " that the complaints would be discussed , but it was unclear what action , if any , came , the source said . When the classmate challenged Hasan personally , Hasan dodged the questions , the source said . Despite the controversy that his schoolwork created , classmates did not view Hasan as mentally unstable or psychotic , the source said . Questions remain over how much Hasan 's behavior and actions in school were reflected in his personnel files . Col. Kimberly Kesling , deputy commander of Clinical Services for Darnell Medical Center at Fort Hood and Hasan 's supervisor at the post , told reporters last week that Hasan was doing a good job in Texas . "  As a supervisor , I am aware of the job performance of people coming into our organization , that is part of our credentialing process , " Kesling said . "  The types of things that were reported to me via his evaluation report were things that concerned me , but did not raise red flags toward this -LSB- the shootings -RSB- in any way , shape , or form . " "  His evaluation reports said that he had some difficulties in his residency , fitting into his residency , and we worked very hard to integrate him into our practice and into our organization , and he adapted very well , was doing a really good job for us , " she said . Prompted by reports of former classmates , however , Army investigators would like to speak with people who have had contact with Hasan and who may have information about his activities and behavior , Maj. Gen Kevin Bergner , head of U.S. Army public affairs , said . Defense Secretary Robert Gates weighed in on the information surfacing about Hasan . "  I deplore the leaks that have taken place , " he said on a trip to Oshkosh , Wisconsin . People are talking about "  what they know , which is one small piece of the puzzle . " "  They do n't know whether or not what they 're leaking might jeopardize a potential criminal investigation and trial , " he said . "  People who have a piece of this , frankly , ought to keep quiet and let the authorities go forward on this in an organized and comprehensive way , " Gates said . Hasan came under investigation last year when his contacts with radical imam Anwar al-Awlaki were intercepted by terrorism investigators monitoring the cleric 's communications , a federal law enforcement official told CNN . An employee of the Defense Department 's Criminal Investigative Services , assigned to the Joint Terrorism Task Force , decided to drop the investigation after reviewing the intercepted communications and Hasan 's personnel files . Hasan remained hospitalized Thursday from gunshot wounds he received from two police officers who responded to last week 's shooting . CNN 's Brian Todd and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense Secretary Gates : Leaks should stop , because they might jeopardize probe Medical school classmates : Hasan espoused Islamist views in class Hasan said his allegiance was to Sharia law , not the U.S. , source says Hasan charged with murder , accused of killing 13 at Fort Hood last week
CNN  -- Actress Angelina Jolie , a longtime goodwill ambassador for the United Nations ' refugee agency , will be headed to Turkey this week to visit Syrian refugees , Turkey 's Foreign Ministry said Wednesday . Jolie is expected to arrive in Istanbul and head to Hatay on Friday , according to the ministry , which accepted an application for her visit on Wednesday . More than 8,000 Syrians have fled their country for Turkey to escape violence , including a military offensive in the Jisr al-Shugur area . Jolie was named a goodwill ambassador for the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees in early 2001 and has visited more than 20 countries "  to highlight the plight of millions of uprooted people and to advocate for their protection . " The U.N. office said her interest in "  humanitarian affairs was piqued in 2000 when she went to Cambodia to film the adventure film ` Tomb Raider . ' " Jolie has won numerous acting awards , including a best supporting actress Academy Award for her performance in 1999 's "  Girl , Interrupted . " CNN 's Yesim Comert contributed to this report	Jolie will arrive in Istanbul and head to Hatay More than 8,000 Syrians have fled their country for Turkey Jolie is a U.N. refugee agency goodwill ambassador
CNN  -- A double from Bundesliga top scorer Mario Gomez saw Bayern Munich win 2-1 at 10-man Stuttgart on Sunday to open up a three-point lead at the top of the German table . Stuttgart took a sixth minute lead when Christian Gentner 's superb volley gave Manuel Neuer no chance in the Bayern goal . But the home side were ahead for just seven minutes , with Bayern equalizing when Gomez found the net from a tight angle after Rafinha had crossed the ball in from the right . Gladbach defeat leaves Bayern on top Stuttgart 's hopes of victory were dealt a huge blow when defender Cristian Molinaro earned two yellow cards in just five first half minutes , the second for a challenge on Arjen Robben . And the visitors made their man advantage count 12 minutes after the break when Gomez rifled home Philipp Lahm 's pass for his 15th league goal of the season . Bayern lie on 34 points from their 16 games , three clear of Borussia Dortmund and Schalke at the top of the table . Champions Dortmund lost ground when they were held to a 1-1 draw by Kaiserslautern in Sunday 's other match . Japanese winger Shinji Kagawa had given Dortmund a first half lead but the visitors leveled on the hour mark with a stunning volley from Olcay Sahan . Borussia Moenchengladbach are a further point behind in fourth place after their shock 1-0 defeat at Augsburg on Saturday , while Werder Bremen remain in touch a further point behind after thumping Wolfsburg 4-1 on Saturday .	Mario Gomez scores both goals as Bayern Munich beat Stuttgart 2-1 in Bundesliga The result puts Bayern three points clear of Dortmund and Schalke at the top of table Champions Dortmund held 1-1 at home by Kaiserslautern in Sunday 's other match
CNN  -- Stomach for the fight , matched by a stomach for waffles and hash browns . Bubba Watson , the American golfer who has just become a multiple golf winner , showed he had the appetite for both as he secured his second Masters win , adding another green jacket to the one he won in 2012 . As he walked down the 18th fairway , Watson was able to soak up the atmosphere and prepare for a celebratory trip to the Waffle House . A far cry from his nerve-shredding playoff win over Louis Oosthuizen at Augusta National two years ago . "  I wanted to start celebrating but my caddie was in my ear saying , ` Not yet , not yet . Wait until we putt out and then celebrate all you want , ' " the 35-year-old told CNN before a winner 's dinner of waffles and hash browns . "  It 's a different feeling when you know you can four-putt the last hole and still win , it only took me two . It 's a lot better feeling , the stomach feels a lot better this way than it did in the playoff ! " Watson finished eight-under par for the tournament after a three-under final round of 69 saw him stretch three strokes clear of compatriot Jordan Spieth and Sweden 's Jonas Blixt , the Masters debutantes who tied for second place . "  I see myself as a guy who loves the game of golf and tries to get better at it , " beamed the new world No. 4 . The bedrock of Watson 's success is his thumping drive , his ability to hammer the ball over 350 yards perfectly suited to the Augusta course . When Watson won the first major of his 11-year pro career in 2012 , it coincided with him and his wife adopting a baby boy , Caleb . His son was one of the first people to embrace Watson on the 18th green . "  That was a big deal , " said Watson . "  For us , being adopted parents , our story , trying to explain to him how much we love him and we care for him . "  If he loves golf it 's going to be great for him because he 'll see that he was at Augusta . For him growing up , it will be great for our family to be able to explain all of this to him . " If Watson 's latest triumph is proof that he is no one-hit wonder , he showed no sign of getting carried away by his success . "  I see myself as a blessed man who gets to play on the PGA Tour , gets to play at Augusta National in the Masters . "  I see myself as a golfer , just an average guy who loves to play the game of golf and try to get better at it . " Interactive : Explore Augusta National	Bubba Watson toasts second Masters success with trip to Waffle House The American secures a three-shot victory over Jordan Spieth and Jonas Blixt Watson wins at Augusta National for the second time after his triumph in 2012 "  I see myself as a blessed man , " Watson told CNN
CNN  -- Jon Voight had screwed up . In the early '60s , when he was a struggling actor , he 'd had a big , emotional scene in the TV drama "  Naked City . " By his own account , he fell short . He wanted to apologize to the casting director who 'd helped him get the role , Marion Dougherty . He drafted letters . He imagined talking to her . He was embarrassed by the performance . "  I was so bad , I got almost physically sick watching it , " he recalls in a new documentary , "  Casting By . " Several years later , he desperately wanted the lead role in a new John Schlesinger film , "  Midnight Cowboy . " But the casting director for "  Midnight Cowboy " was Marion Dougherty . Voight flew to New York to meet with her . He showed up at her door and abjectly apologized . But Dougherty , always openhearted , was having none of it . "  Jon , that 's the past , " he remembered her saying . "  How would you like to meet John Schlesinger ? " Voight was nominated for an Oscar for the film , which was named 1969 's best picture , and he was on his way . That 's just one of many stories about the gracious and shrewd Dougherty , a casting pioneer , shared in "  Casting By . " The documentary about casting directors , which celebrates the contributions of this most neglected of Hollywood occupations , is scheduled to air on HBO Monday night . Dougherty , whose five-decade career started in TV 's early days , gets particular attention . She is credited with revolutionizing the movie business by hiring many of the talents she saw in the New York acting world -- people such as Voight , Al Pacino , Glenn Close , Robert De Niro , Dustin Hoffman , Diane Lane , John Travolta and Robert Redford . Her rise fortuitously coincided with the decline of the studio system , which swept away the contract players who were slotted into movies like so many items from a Chinese menu . She was also a mentor to a number of future casting directors , including Juliet Taylor  who has done more than three dozen films with Woody Allen , as well as "  Schindler 's List , " "  Working Girl " and "  Network "  and Ellen Lewis  "  Forrest Gump , " "  The Birdcage " and several Martin Scorsese pictures  . "  Doing the movie  opened a window for me into this world of casting that I 'd never really been conscious of before , " says "  Casting By " director Tom Donahue in a phone interview . "  I did n't really understand the contributions of the casting director and how important they are creatively . " ` Everybody thinks they know how to cast ' He is n't the only one . Though casting can make or break a movie , the job is often overlooked -- certainly by moviegoers , who may not be aware of the long process it takes to find the right actors for the right roles , and even by the movie business itself . Indeed , the casting director 's film credit is "  casting by " because the Directors Guild of America long prevented anyone else from being called a "  director " on a movie .  The rule has been relaxed for cinematographers , often called "  directors of photography , " and art directors . "  It 's not something that most people understand , " says Marcia Ross , a veteran casting director whose credits include "  Oblivion , " "  The Princess Diaries " and "  Clueless . "  One of her former assistants , Kate Lacey , was a producer on "  Casting By . "  "  There 's a tendency in casting , because people know who actors are , that almost everybody thinks they know how to cast . " Casting , she says , means going through countless reels , submissions and auditions in search of filling movie roles ; getting to know actors ' representatives and schedules ; establishing a rapport with the director ; and , these days more than ever , being able to negotiate a Hollywood system in which many people have a stake in a movie 's financial , as well as artistic , success . "  There 's a lot of micromanagement and a lot of committee involvement , " says Ross . "  It 's harder than ever to get actors cast . " It 's a conundrum : Producers may want an established name , while casting directors may see an unknown with real potential -- an unknown who wo n't get a chance until he becomes , well , an established name . And yet , she says , the job has real rewards -- particularly when those unknowns break through . It was a thrill Dougherty knew over and over , with her string of New York-trained performers .  Her secret ? "  Gut reaction , " she says in the film .  Ross , too , has given some actors their breakout roles , including Paul Rudd  "  Clueless "  and Chris Pine  "  The Princess Diaries 2 "  . When "  Diaries 2 " came along , Pine -- now known as "  Star Trek 's " Capt. James T. Kirk -- was ready to go back to New York after hacking around Hollywood for the occasional TV guest spot , says Ross . "  I was very taken with him , and I brought him in for  director  Garry Marshall and he was terrific , " she recalls . "  But the thing with Chris was he 'd never done a movie and nobody knew him . I think people were a little nervous . But I really believed in him , and I made a really good case for him , and he got the part . " ` Inside , Benjamin Braddock is short and Jewish ' Casting is often inspired , a wonderful bit of serendipity . "  There 's something magic in finding the right person for a part , " says Ross . There are any number of examples . Redford was supposed to play Butch Cassidy in "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , " but thought he was more appropriate for Sundance -- and Dougherty backed him up . "  Casting By 's " Donahue says Clint Eastwood was actually considered for the lead in 1978 's "  Superman , " but Lynn Stalmaster -- another casting pioneer -- believed the role would be better served with an unknown , and went to bat for Christopher Reeve . And , in a classic bit of casting , Dustin Hoffman got the role of Benjamin Braddock in "  The Graduate . " In Charles Webb 's novel , Braddock is an athletic , upper-class WASP -- someone who looks like Redford , who was actually considered for the role -- but Stalmaster and director Mike Nichols were looking for someone who could project the character 's insecurity . In a "  Casting By " clip , Hoffman remembers his uncertainty . "  I said to Nichols , I did not think I was right for the role .  Braddock is  kind of Anglo-Saxon , tall , slender , good-looking , " Hoffman recalled . "  And he said , ` You 're Jewish . ' I said , ` That 's right -- short and Jewish . ' He said , ` Well , inside , Benjamin Braddock is short and Jewish . ' " Despite their key role in shaping movies , casting directors still do n't get all the credit they deserve . That was literal in the beginning : Stalmaster was the first casting director to get "  single-card credit "  in which the person is the only credit listed on the screen  , for 1968 's "  The Thomas Crown Affair . " Even today , there 's still some resistance . Despite attempts to get the position recognized for Oscar consideration , the motion picture academy has yet to do so .  Moreover , when colleagues pushed Dougherty for honorary Oscar recognition , that attempt , too , failed . Nevertheless , the actors have remembered . One of the pleasures of "  Casting By " is watching performers who have long since gone on to fame and fortune become their younger selves -- telling stories about being hard-up for rent , scrapping for food , wondering about their next job , and then being blessed by a casting director 's wand . Ross , who 's been in casting for more than 30 years , says the idea of making and breaking careers does n't enter her mind , however . She simply believes in what she does . "  I love talent , " she says . "  The business has changed so much , but at the very core of it , my love of talent and helping them get the opportunity to work has not changed . " Dougherty , who died in 2011 , felt the same way -- and the feeling was reciprocal : "  Casting By " ends with a chorus of tributes from colleagues . She may not have been well-known , but Voight pays her a great compliment -- one due to so many casting directors . "  She could see what people could n't see , " he says .	"  Casting By " celebrates casting directors , especially pioneer Marion Dougherty Dougherty reshaped business by casting New York actors Casting director 's role often overlooked , but it 's key in shaping film
CNN  -- A federal appeals court Thursday reinstated a key part of a new Texas abortion law , considered to be among the most restrictive in the country . The decision came three days after a federal judge struck down the provision , which requires doctors to obtain admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing abortion services . A day before parts of the law were scheduled to take effect , U.S. District Judge Lee Yeakel on Monday issued an injunction blocking the law 's admitting privileges requirement , arguing that it "  places a substantial obstacle in the path of a woman seeking an abortion of a nonviable fetus and is thus an undue burden to her . " Thursday 's decision means the requirement will remain in place while a lawsuit moves forward . The lawsuit -- filed in U.S. District Court in Austin by Planned Parenthood on behalf of more than a dozen women 's health care providers across Texas -- alleged the state 's new abortion law violates the constitutional rights of women and puts unreasonable demands on doctors who perform abortions . In a statement , Planned Parenthood Federation of America said the requirement that doctors have admitting privileges is expected to cause at least one-third of the state 's licensed health centers that provide abortion services to stop . "  While we acknowledge that Planned Parenthood has also made a strong showing that their interests would be harmed by staying the injunction , given the State 's likely success on the merits , this is not enough , standing alone , to outweigh the other factors , " read a part of Thursday 's 20-page ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit . The bill originally failed to gain approval because of a Democratic filibuster led by state Sen. Wendy Davis . Gov. Rick Perry then called the Legislature into a second special session to continue consideration of the bill . "  This fight is far from over . This restriction clearly violates Texas women 's constitutional rights by drastically reducing access to safe and legal abortion statewide , " said Cecile Richards , president of Planned Parenthood . "  If Texans showed America one thing during the historic protests against this law this summer , we demonstrated that Texans value women 's health â $ " and that is why we will take every step we can to protect the health of Texas women in the wake of this ruling , " she said . Perry cheered the ruling . "  Today 's decision affirms our right to protect both the unborn and the health of the women of Texas . We will continue doing everything we can to protect a culture of life in our state , " he said in a statement . CNN 's Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	NEW : Gov. Perry : We will do everything we can to "  protect a culture of life " in Texas A judge blocked the law 's admitting privileges requirement Monday "  This fight is far from over , " says a leading abortion-rights activist The bill originally failed to gain approval because of a Democratic filibuster
CNN  -- On the anniversary of the Sandy Hook massacre , which comes the day after yet another awful school shooting , it 's time not only to remember the lives lost on that awful December day but also to reimagine how we think and talk about guns in America . The typical gun debate pits "  gun rights " against "  gun control . " That frame is so ingrained that we hardly note it when the press describes those who want to reduce violence via firearms as "  gun control activists " and those who oppose them as "  gun rights advocates . " It 's an either/or : rights or control . This binary choice feeds bipolar fear and anger , especially on the rights side , leading to scenes like Alex Jones screaming insanely at Piers Morgan on CNN . That may make for compelling television , and such conflicts are satisfying to each side 's core constituents . But there is a better way to talk about guns -- and , perhaps more importantly , to address the problem of gun violence . And that 's to focus on "  gun responsibility . " Gun responsibility is n't gun control . It is n't about "  controlling " people or banning ownership of guns or confiscating weapons . But neither is it about treating the gun issue as if it were only a matter of rights -- as if everything else , from the safety of our children to the lethality of everyday crime to the reduction of gun suicides or accidents , were irrelevant . A gun responsibility agenda respects the Second Amendment right to bear arms . It also demands that the right be exercised with the level of responsibility that a functioning society applies to any public health or safety issue . That means first we should n't dismiss gun owners as an undifferentiated mass of zealots , or dismiss gun culture as simply the overcompensating fearmongering of insecure men . I 've fired an M-16A2 semiautomatic rifle at Marine Corps target practice . I 've hunted deer and duck with a rifle and shotgun . I can respect those who respect the power of these weapons and the craft of their skillful use . At the same time , gun responsibility means accepting -- indeed , championing -- reasonable rules and standards for the ownership and use of firearms . Criminal background checks prior to gun purchases , to take one obvious example , should be completely noncontroversial . That 's the bare minimum responsibility requires . Criminal background checks ca n't prevent every gun death , of course . Similarly , speed limits and seat belt laws ca n't prevent every highway death . That is no argument for the repeal of either . It 's just a reminder that our job as citizens is to make rules that reduce the chances of preventable harm . Yet on days when there is n't a mass shooting or the commemoration of one , we Americans have accepted as unremarkable an unrelenting flow of 30-plus gun murders a day . Changing that will require changes to both law and norms . That 's why in my home state of Washington I joined a group of citizens to create a grass-roots organization called the Washington Alliance for Gun Responsibility . We 're supporting a background checks ballot initiative , but we 're also working with faith leaders and parents and others to change the attitude on a deeper level . This is the zone of common sense , where we each do what we can and where not every curb on our desires is a total surrender of liberty . This is where a large and growing majority of Americans live . Background checks , for instance , garner 80 % to 90 % support in most public opinion polls . The idea of gun responsibility can and does appeal to people across the spectrum . A majority of NRA members would likely call themselves adherents . It 's not about left versus right . It 's just about being adult versus being immature . Adults know that every right carries an implicit duty to others -- that no right , constitutional or not , is absolute -- and they live accordingly . Such mindsets have nothing to do with age . A group of activists has chosen to designate December 15 , the day after the Newtown anniversary , as "  Guns Save Lives Day . " They 'll ignore the desire of Sandy Hook families for quiet by loudly protesting "  attacks " on their gun rights . They 'll brandish firearms and insist against evidence that more guns means less gun violence . There is a term for this , drawn from adolescent psychology : acting out . America ca n't afford to act out anymore . We have a problem to solve , which is tens of thousands of gun deaths a year . A good way to honor the children of Sandy Hook Elementary school is to thank gun owners who behave like adults , to support policies that encourage greater gun responsibility -- and to remember that this is how we fulfill our Second Amendment duties . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Liu .	The anniversary of Newtown massacre is coming up ; let 's re-examine gun debate Eric Liu : Stop thinking "  gun rights " vs. "  gun control ; " instead , think "  gun responsibility " He says a gun responsibility agenda means respecting gun owners and their rights Liu : It also means championing reasonable standards like background checks
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant experienced full meltdowns at three reactors in the wake of an earthquake and tsunami in March , the country 's Nuclear Emergency Response Headquarters said Monday . The nuclear group 's new evaluation , released Monday , goes further than previous statements in describing the extent of the damage caused by an earthquake and tsunami on March 11 . The announcement will not change plans for how to stabilize the Fukushima Daiichi plant , the agency said . Reactors 1 , 2 and 3 experienced a full meltdown , it said . The plant 's owner , Tokyo Electric Power Co. , admitted last month that nuclear fuel rods in reactors 2 and 3 probably melted during the first week of the nuclear crisis . It had already said fuel rods at the heart of reactor No. 1 melted almost completely in the first 16 hours after the disaster struck . The remnants of that core are now sitting in the bottom of the reactor pressure vessel at the heart of the unit and that vessel is now believed to be leaking . A "  major part " of the fuel rods in reactor No. 2 may have melted and fallen to the bottom of the pressure vessel 101 hours after the earthquake and tsunami that crippled the plant , Tokyo Electric said May 24 . The same thing happened within the first 60 hours at reactor No. 3 , the company said , in what it called its worst-case scenario analysis , saying the fuel would be sitting at the bottom of the pressure vessel in each reactor building . But Tokyo Electric at the same time released a second possible scenario for reactors 2 and 3 , one that estimated a full meltdown did not occur . In that scenario , the company estimated the fuel rods may have broken but may not have completely melted . Temperature data showed the two reactors had cooled substantially in the more than two months since the incident , Tokyo Electric said in May . The earthquake and tsunami knocked out cooling systems at Fukushima Daiichi , causing the three operating reactors to overheat . That compounded a natural disaster by spewing radioactive material into the atmosphere . Tokyo Electric avoided using the term "  meltdown , " and says it was keeping the remnants of the core cool . But U.S. experts interviewed by CNN after the company 's announcement in May said that while it may have been containing the situation , the damage had already been done . "  On the basis of what they showed , if there 's not fuel left in the core , I do n't know what it is other than a complete meltdown , " said Gary Was , a University of Michigan nuclear engineering professor and CNN consultant . And given the damage reported at the other units , "  It 's hard to imagine the scenarios can differ that much for those reactors . " A massive hydrogen explosion -- a symptom of the reactor 's overheating -- blew the roof off the No. 1 unit the day after the earthquake , and another hydrogen blast ripped apart the No. 3 reactor building two days later . A suspected hydrogen detonation within the No. 2 reactor is believed to have damaged that unit on March 15 . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Japan 's nuclear emergency agency goes further in describing the extent of damage The Fukushima Daiichi plant was badly affected by an earthquake and tsunami in March Tokyo Electric Power Co. has avoided calling the event a meltdown
CNN  -- Some people drove hours to see a cute little 18-pound ball of fur . Saturday was debut day for little Bao Bao the panda at the National Zoo in Washington . At this stage of her life , 5-month-old Bao Bao 's hobbies are mainly eating bamboo and lounging . She is cautious like her mother and pretty laid back , CNN affiliate WJLA reported , citing a zoo official . Bao Bao  pronounced bow-BOW  inspired lengthy lines , but visitors like Becky Moyer and her family said the three-hour drive worth it . "  We frequent Philly 's zoo . This is something you just ca n't see there , " she told WJLA . A note on the zoo 's website says Bao Bao may not always be visible during visiting hours because she and her mother , Mei Xiang , will have access to the privacy of their den , where Bao Bao has spent most of her time until now . On Saturday , a zoo employee carried the cub out to meet the public and press . Bao Bao means "  precious " or "  treasure " in Mandarin . Cute alert as Taiwan 's first giant panda cub goes on show Thanks to science , there are more baby pandas	Bao Bao the panda cub made her debut to the public on Saturday She now weighs 18 pounds Bao Bao means "  precious " or "  treasure " in Mandarin
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Anti-apartheid campaigner Helen Suzman , twice nominated for a Nobel Peace prize , died Thursday at her home in Johannesburg , South Africa . She was 91 . Helen Suzman , pictured at her Johannesburg home in November 2007 . Suzman , a constant thorn in the side of South Africa 's apartheid governments , was one of the leading white opponents of the segregationist regime and the only opposition lawmaker for 13 of the 36 years she served in parliament . She was particularly instrumental in exposing the indignities of the pass laws , which curtailed the movement of black South Africans . The Nelson Mandela Foundation , in a statement Thursday , called Suzman "  a great patriot and a fearless fighter against apartheid . " Send your tributes to Helen Suzman . The African National Congress  ANC  , the ruling party in South Africa , also paid tribute , saying : "  As a member of parliament and a vocal critic against apartheid , the ANC remembers and respects the contribution of Suzman towards the demise of apartheid . " Suzman told CNN in an interview in 2008 that she was "  persistent " in her fight against the injustices of apartheid and used her position to constantly ask uncomfortable questions . Watch Suzman 's fight against apartheid . " "  I used to put 200 questions a session , " she said . "  They were all of course designed to expose the atrocities . I made good use of my parliamentary position . " A hugely influential advocate for prisoner 's rights , Suzman was one of the first people to visit future South African President Nelson Mandela in jail on Robben Island in 1967 , shaking hands with him through his cell bars . "  I knew immediately that this was a man of considerable courage , " she said . Suzman continued to work for his release , visiting him frequently in the 27 years he was imprisoned . Mandela and Suzman remained friends after his release in 1990 , often having lunch at her home in Johannesburg , where she said she would serve him "  his favorite dish , oxtail . " After she retired from parliament , Suzman continued to play an active role in South Africa 's new democracy and was honored by numerous prestigious universities , with 27 honorary doctorates from Cambridge , Oxford , Harvard , Yale and Columbia among others . In a nod to Suzman 's tenacity and legendary sense of humor , the Helen Suzman Foundation Web site writes that one "  honor " Suzman was "  inordinately proud " of was being declared an "  Enemy of the State " by Zimbabwe 's Robert Mugabe in 2001 . Suzman 's family has said that there will be a private funeral this weekend , to be followed by a memorial service in February .	Apartheid foe Helen Suzman campaigned for release of Nelson Mandela Constant opponent of South African apartheid regime protested against pass laws For more than a decade she was the only opposition member of parliament Suzman 's family says that there will be a memorial service in February
Planes , trains and automobiles -- all these modes of transportation were affected Saturday by Hurricane Sandy , even with the storm many hours away from making landfall . The storm is expected to cause massive flooding and widespread power outages when it hits the East Coast , in full , late Sunday and into next week . But before that happens , transportation companies and government officials are allowing -- and , in some cases , urging -- people to plan for the worst . A number of airlines , for example , are allowing customers to change their flight plans without paying any fees due to Sandy . Delta will let those ticketed to fly between Sunday and Wednesday , in and out of airports in 15 states and the District of Columbia , to reschedule by November 4 . United 's offer applies to travel to-and-from 29 airports , for the same dates . East Coast braces for ` superstorm ' Other airlines , such as American , are offering a similar process , with slight variations . And at least in U.S. Airways ' case , the weather is already keeping airlines busy : The airline apologized to customers on its Twitter feed for long waits to get through to agents due to a high call volume tied to Sandy . Amtrak announced Saturday that it will cancel some of its train runs on Sunday to and from Richmond and Newport News , Virginia ; Chicago and Washington ; Miami and New York ; and Washington and New York . In addition , a train scheduled to run Monday between Washington and Chicago will also remain in the station . "  Passengers are encouraged to travel on earlier available trains on Sunday , " Amtrak said in a news release . "  Additional cancellations might be necessary in the coming days as this major storm moves north . " Even New York 's vaunted , round-the-clock subway system could shut down due to flooding and other issues tied to the storm . Officials say they 'll decide Sunday whether to suspend service on the subway , as well as on buses and commuter rail , depending on Sandy proceeds . For now , New Yorkers should plan their lives as if such a suspension will happen , Gov. Andrew Cuomo said . "  New Yorkers need to take action now to protect themselves , and as the transportation system prepares to possibly suspend service , no one should wait until the last minute to prepare , " said Cuomo , who has declared a state of emergency in the state . Meanwhile , New Jersey is taking steps to shut down NJ Transit bus , rail and Access Link service on Monday -- much as it did last year for 36 hours due to Hurricane Irene . "  By beginning this important process , NJ Transit will be better able to support the state 's response to Hurricane Sandy by freeing up buses or other resources that may be needed for hurricane relief , " Department of Transportation Commissioner James Simpson said in a press release . For all the potential headaches at airports , train stations and bus terminals , the type of transportation affected first and most directly by Sandy may be boating . All along the East Coast , meteorologists and officials have warned people to steer clear of the seas because of potentially perilous high winds and large waves tied to the storm . Pam and Bob Haigh , a Rhode Island couple , were surprised -- given how late it is in the hurricane season -- that Sandy has delayed their plans to sail from Maryland to the Florida Keys . But they know that this is n't the first time that Mother Nature has affected travel plans -- nor will it be the last . "  We 've got a surprise , so we 'll just ride it out , " Pam Haigh said . "  There 's not much else we can do . "	Airlines are letting ticketed travelers change their plans at no fee New York officials say they 'll decide Sunday about suspending subway service Amtrak cancels several trains that originate or end in East Coast stations
EW.com  -- If this weekend 's box office is any indication , the couch jumping stigma that has plagued Tom Cruise 's career for the better part of the last decade may finally be thing of the past . Cruise 's latest , the $ 120 million sci-fi adventure Oblivion , opened to a solid $ 38.2 million this weekend . That 's a terrific start for the chiseled star , who has struggled recently at the box office with under-performers like Jack Reacher , Rock of Ages , Valkyrie , and Knight and Day . In fact , only four Cruise vehicles have ever opened higher â $ " and three of them are Mission Impossible movies .  The other is War of the Worlds  . Oblivion actually marks the first number one opening for Cruise in seven years , though it should be noted that Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol opened in limited release and climbed to number one upon its wide expansion . Cruise is n't the only star in Oblivion â $ " it also features Morgan Freeman , Andrea Riseborough , and Olga Kurlyenko â $ " but it was marketed almost exclusively on his appeal . According to distributor Universal , audiences , which were 57 percent male and 74 percent 25 or older , listed Tom Cruise as their primary reason for seeing the film , followed by the sci-fi genre and Morgan Freeman . Those same audiences were n't in love with what they saw , though , as Oblivion was issued a lackluster "  B - " CinemaScore grade . EW : ` Oblivion ' movie review Domestically , Oblivion opened in 3,783 theaters and earned a fantastic $ 10,085 location average . IMAX screens accounted for $ 5.5 million of Oblivion 's weekend gross . Internationally , the film had a successful weekend , as well . After its $ 61.1 million opening from 52 territories , Oblivion took in another $ 33.6 million from 60 territories this time around . The film has grossed $ 112 million so far  for a $ 150.2 million worldwide total  , and it has high-profile openings in Japan and China still to come . In second , the Jackie Robinson drama 42 fell only 34 percent to $ 18 million for a $ 54.1 million total after ten days . Warner Bros. ' $ 40 million baseball pic , which earned an "  A + " CinemaScore grade , did n't hold quite as well as The Help , another "  A + " racially charged drama , which dipped 23 percent in its second weekend . Thus , while 42 still seems likely to hit the $ 100 million mark , it does n't seem destined for a gross in the same range as The Help 's $ 169 million total . Still , 42 is a big winner for Warner Bros. , which was in dire need of a box office hit . EW : ` The Place Beyond the Pines ' review The Croods spent the weekend in third place , dropping 28 percent to $ 9.5 million . After five weeks , the $ 135 million animation has grossed $ 154.9 million , a great start in the five-year distribution deal between DreamWorks Animation and Fox . In fourth , Scary Movie 5 did n't hold nearly as well . The $ 20 million spoof from Weinstein 's Dimension fell 56 percent to $ 6.3 million , giving it a weak $ 22.9 million total after ten days . At the same point in its run , Scary Movie 4 had earned $ 67.5 million . G.I. Joe : Retaliation rounded out the Top 5 with $ 5.8 million , marking a 48 percent drop from its prior frame . Paramount 's $ 130 million film has now earned $ 111.2 million domestically , a substantially lower gross than its predecessor , but it 's been making up ground overseas , where the film has earned $ 211.7 million . Retaliation opened in China this week , where it took in $ 33 million during its first seven days . Worldwide , Retaliation has earned $ 322.9 million and should pass the $ 400 million mark with ease . 1 . Oblivion -- $ 38.2 million 2 . 42 -- $ 18 million 3 . The Croods -- $ 9.5 million 4 . Scary Movie 5 -- $ 6.3 million 5 . G.I. Joe : Retaliation -- $ 5.8 million The Place Beyond the Pines just missed the Top 5 after expanding from 514 theaters into 1,542 theaters . Pines grossed $ 4.8 million , yielding a mediocre $ 3,078 per theater average , which does n't merit further expansion . The Focus Features release cost $ 15 million and has earned $ 11.4 million total . Two other quick highlights : Sony 's $ 13 million Halle Berry thriller The Call passed the $ 50 million mark this weekend . It 's been a nice mid-level hit for distributor TriStar . Olympus Has Fallen has also been doing terrific business for its distributor , FilmDistrict . After five weekends , the White House thriller has quietly earned $ 88.8 million . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Oblivion " is Tom Cruise 's $ 120 million sci-fi adventure The Jackie Robinson drama "  42 " fell to second place "  The Place Beyond the Pines " just missed the Top 5
CNN  -- A charity single made by legendary music producer Quincy Jones featuring some of the Arab world 's top recording artists has become an internet hit . The official video for "  Tomorrow/Bokra , "  Bokra is the Arabic word for tomorrow  has been watched more than two million times on YouTube since it was released earlier this month . The album released last week . "  People gave their soul to this project , " said Jones . "  This is not about records and money . This is about the young kids . " The star-studded international collaboration features 24 artists from across the Arab world and proceeds will go to fund musical , artistic and cultural projects for children in the Middle East . More : Inside the ` Tomorrow/Bokra ' studio "  Tomorrow/Bokra " was adapted from Jones ' melody of the same name by Iraqi singer and composer Kadim Al Saher , who himself has been heavily involved in charitable music project since the 1990s . It 's not the first time Jones and Al Saher have worked together , Al Saher told CNN 's Inside the Middle East during a Morocco recording session in May . He said : "  He called me personally to ask for my help in doing the song in Arabic with an eastern melody and I was very happy . " "  Tomorrow-Bokra " includes contributions from artists as varied as legendary Lebanese singer Majida Al Roumi , who wrote the Arabic lyrics , Senegalese R&B artist Akon , Tunisian singer Latifa , and Grammy Award-winning Moroccan-born producer RedOne . Columbian-Lebanese pop princess Shakira recorded an intro to the song . None of the artists , managers or producers were paid for their contributions and many of the recording and production needs were donated by associate producers like the Mawazine Music Festival and the Doha Film Institute . CNN is a media partner of the "  Tomorrow-Bokra " project . Jones and Emirati social entrepreneur Badr Jafar produced the song through their joint venture Global Gumbo Group , created a year ago to initiate the project , which they 've discussed as a concept for years . More : Badr Jafar and Quincy Jones on ` Tomorrow/Bokra ' Better known for his business ventures in heavy industry like oil and gas , Jafar refers to his social projects  which also include the Middle East Theater Company set up with the help of actor Kevin Spacey  as the "  triple bottom line " -- profit , people and planet . "  I sensed that the entertainment business has a phenomenal ability change people 's minds beyond any other business , " he said . YouTube ad revenues , donations and pledges from corporate sponsors , individual donations through the website , and proceeds from album sales and iTunes downloads will be donated for distribution by the Beirut-based Arab Fund for Arts and Culture and to cultural projects of the U.N. World Food Programme that are specifically aimed at children . "  My dream is for these kids to be free to dream for themselves , " said Jones . In his six decades in the music and entertainment industry , Jones has worked with Frank Sinatra , Ray Charles , Michael Jackson among many others . Jones says he always feels "  like a family guest " when he comes to the Middle East . The first time he visited the region was in the 1950s on tour with Dizzie Gillespie . With 27 Grammy Awards to his name , Jones is probably one of the few producers who could get away with a sign outside the recording studio reading "  Check Your Ego at the Door . " It worked in 1985 with his iconic charity hit "  We Are the World " to help famine in Africa , and it seems to have worked again . Jaafar says donations and support has already exceeded $ 3 million , not including profits from YouTube ad revenues and iTunes downloads which are posted monthly . "  The Haiti version of ` We Are the World ' raised $ 5 million , " he said . "  We 'll beat that . " Jafar and Jones both say this is only the first step , and they have plans to record new versions of the song with a host of new artists -- Jones says Paul McCartney has already expressed interest . There are also plans for a concert tour some time next year . The "  Tomorrow-Bokra " project , described by Jafar as "  a beacon of solidarity and unity " was planned before the Arab Spring uprisings began almost a year ago . Reflecting on this historic year , Jafar told me "  as much as there have been exciting changes , there has been a lot of hardship , grief , loss of life , a lot of pain . So this project is not at all trying to overshadow that but to try to express a spirit of solidarity . " For his part , Jones thinks that the project coinciding with the Arab Spring is something divine : "  I believe in divinity and they say coincidence is God 's way of remaining anonymous . tomorrowbokra.org	Quincy Jones ' charity song "  Bokra , " has gone viral after launching in Dubai earlier this month The star-studded international collaboration has already attracted two million YouTube hits Twenty-four artists from across the Arab world contributed to "  Bokra " Jones has worked with Michael Jackson , Dizzy Gillespie and many other legendary musicians
CNN  -- Manchester United finally lost patience with manager David Moyes Tuesday after a disastrous first season in charge of the English Premier League champions . "  Manchester United announces that David Moyes has left the club , " said the English Premier League team in a statement on the club 's official Twitter feed . "  The club would like to place on record its thanks for the hard work , honesty and integrity he brought to the role . " Moyes succeeded Alex Ferguson last May but has overseen a lackluster campaign , with the club lying seventh in the table having amassed 57 points from 34 games . United slipped to an 11th league defeat this season against the Scot 's former club Everton at Goodison Park on Sunday -- a result that finally ended any mathematical chance of participating in next season 's Champions League . The three-time winner of the European club football 's biggest prize is now 13 points behind fourth-placed Arsenal with four games remaining . The last time United failed to qualify was in 1995 and their chances of even playing in the Europa League next season are slim . "  The football and the results have been poor , " former Manchester United defender Gary Neville told Sky Sports News . "  The performances have got worse and worse . " Soon after Moyes ' departure was confirmed , United appointed current player-coach Ryan Giggs as caretaker manager . "  Ryan Giggs , the club 's most decorated player , will assume responsibility for the first team until a permanent appointment can be made , " said United in a statement . "  The club will make no further comment on this process until it is concluded . " Moyes , who turns 51 on Friday , signed a six-year-deal with English football 's most successful club last May , when the outgoing Ferguson personally endorsed his appointment . "  David is a man of great integrity with a strong work ethic ... There is no question he has all the qualities we expect of a manager at this club , " Ferguson said of his compatriot . Ferguson also implored United fans to stand by Moyes when he addressed them following his last game in charge at Old Trafford last season , which ended with his 13th league title in a trophy-laden 27-year reign . But United 's owners , the American Glazer family , have clearly had second thoughts following a persistently stuttering campaign -- which has led to the club falling down football 's rich list . In January it was reported that United 's share price had fallen 16 % since Moyes took over , while Deloitte 's annual football money table placed the Old Trafford team outside of the world 's top three richest clubs for the first time in 17 years . Moyes opened his account with a 2-0 win against Wigan in the FA Charity Shield match at Wembley in August and followed it with a convincing 4-1 win at Swansea in the opening game of the league season . But pressure soon started piling up in September with league defeats against arch rivals Liverpool , Manchester City and , embarrassingly , West Bromwich Albion at Old Trafford -- the Midlands ' club first win at the "  Theater of Dreams " for 34 years . United also endured embarrassing exits from both domestic knockout competitions , losing at home to Swansea in the third round of the FA Cup and going down on penalties against another struggling Premier League team -- Sunderland -- in the League Cup semifinals . Hopes of Champions League glory were ended by Bayern Munich in the quarterfinals earlier this month , with the reigning European champion winning 4-2 on aggregate . Netherlands Louis van Gaal has been installed as the favorite to succeed Moyes on a permanent basis by British bookmaker Current player-coach Ryan Giggs and his former United team-mate Nicky Butt are reportedly set to be placed in caretaker charge for Saturday 's home game with Norwich City .	David Moyes is dismissed after less than a year in charge of English league titleholder The Scot was personally endorsed by outgoing manager Alex Ferguson Moyes ' United slipped to 11th league defeat against his former club Everton on Sunday United will not feature in European Champions League for first time since 1995
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Most Saudi Arabia citizens interviewed in a poll oppose terrorism and want closer ties with the United States . But many Saudis remain opposed to making peace with Israel , according to what researchers call an unprecedented survey of the kingdom . People sell traditional items at a Saudi market . A poll indicates Saudis have turned against Osama bin Laden . Ten percent of Saudis have a favorable view of the al Qaeda terrorist network , according to a survey by Terror Free Tomorrow , an international public opinion research group based in Washington . Fifteen percent said they have a favorable view of al Qaeda 's leader , Saudi exile Osama bin Laden , the poll found . "  I think that the people of Saudi Arabia have so overwhelmingly turned against bin Laden , al Qaeda and terrorism in general that nine out of 10 of them look at all three unfavorably , " the group 's president , Ken Ballen , said Monday . Though the desert monarchy 's ruling family has close ties to the United States , it was also the home of 15 of the 19 suicide hijackers behind al Qaeda 's September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . The kingdom also has been the target of a spate of al Qaeda attacks since the 2003 invasion of Iraq , and the origin of a large share of the Islamic militants implicated in suicide bombings in Iraq . Pollsters questioned 1,004 Saudi adults in Arabic between November 30 and December 5 , according to the group . The survey had a sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . Saudis also have a better opinion of the United States than in other countries in the Muslim world , with 40 percent saying they view the U.S. favorably . That compares to 19 percent in Pakistan , according to a poll taken by the same group in August , and 21 percent of Egyptians , according to a May survey by the Pew Research Center . CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen said a spate of al Qaeda attacks on Saudi targets starting in 2003 appeared to have turned the Saudi public against the group . "  The results , while a little surprising , seem fair enough considering the circumstances , " he said . But while the poll was encouraging , "  It 's not all Kumbaya , " he added . Bergen said a "  substantial minority " of Saudis -- 30 percent -- support fighting against U.S. and coalition troops in Iraq , and 52 percent would support Saudi Arabia 's development of nuclear weapons . Most Saudis oppose al Qaeda , the survey suggests , and it also found limited support for two other groups the United States has branded terrorist organizations -- Hamas , the Palestinian Islamic movement that rules Gaza , and Hezbollah , Lebanon 's Iranian-backed Shiite Muslim militia that fought a monthlong war with Israel in 2006 . "  Finally , some good news , " Ballen said . Thirty-three percent of Saudis viewed Hezbollah favorably , compared to 42 percent unfavorably . When asked about Hamas , 37 percent had a positive response , while 38 percent viewed the group unfavorably . But Ballen said the survey shows the Saudi population is now one of the most pro-American in the Muslim world , with 69 percent of those surveyed supporting close ties between Riyadh and Washington . "  We had done a limited survey there about a year and a half ago and found very strong anti-American attitudes , so I was quite surprised by the results , " he said . The withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq was seen as the most important step in improving U.S.-Saudi ties by 85 percent of those surveyed . Most Saudis said they opposed their countrymen fighting in Iraq and favored helping the United States reach an end to the nearly five-year-old war there . Support was also strong for increasing visas for Saudis to come to the United States , with 74 percent calling that a step that would improve their opinion . And 71 percent favored a free-trade pact between Washington and Riyadh , while 52 percent said a U.S.-brokered peace treaty between the Israelis and Palestinians would be an improvement . Saudi King Abdullah is the leading advocate of an Arab League proposal that would normalize relations with the Jewish state in exchange for an Israeli withdrawal to the frontiers it held before the 1967 Mideast War . But his support for a comprehensive Mideast peace "  definitely does not carry over at all , " Ballen said : Thirty percent of Saudis support a peace treaty , even if it resulted in the establishment of a Palestinian state , the survey found . "  He 's not backed by his own citizens on that , " Ballen said . Saudis expressed support for a free press and free elections , though 79 percent also said they continued to support an absolute monarchy -- and 15 percent supported the recent sentence of 200 lashes and six months imprisonment of a 19-year old Shiite woman for being with a male acquaintance before she was gang-raped by seven men . Abdullah announced Monday the woman would be pardoned . Despite the kingdom 's somewhat forbidding reputation among Westerners , Ballen said those contacted were far more receptive to pollsters than most Americans . The poll 's response rate was 61 percent , compared to 10 to 15 percent for most U.S. surveys . E-mail to a friend	Survey : 10 percent of Saudis polled have a favorable view of al Qaeda Poll interviewing 1,004 Saudis says most are opposed to peace with Israel The numbers reflect a more positive feeling toward the U.S. than Pakistan has 15 of the 19 September 11 , 2001 , hijackers were Saudi nationals
West of Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  The call from Faleh Essawi , the deputy chief of the provincial council , who we were supposed to be meeting up with , came just as we were about to hit the bridge -- the only safe route from Baghdad to neighboring Anbar province . "  ISIS has taken the east of the city , it 's not accessible , " he says , sounding frantic , rapidly rattling off the neighborhoods and areas ISIS fighters had just stormed into . Moments later , we see the impact : An endless stream of humanity , shell shocked , and exhausted . Parents cradle babies in blankets , some struggle under the weight of their belongings , some carry small plastic bags , while others nothing but the children clutching at their hands . Cars are not permitted to cross this bridge across the Euphrates . The government feels that restricting vehicles will decrease the likelihood of explosives making their way into Iraq 's capital . Those too young or too tired to walk pile into metal carts pushed by boys or young men , normally used to carry produce to markets . An elderly woman sits in one , a child in her arms , a worn down plastic doll in her hand . Many do n't want to talk , at least not for long . What they just went through is too raw , too painful . One man we encounter describes how ISIS fighters commandeered his house . "  We heard clashes in the early morning , and we could n't see the security forces anywhere , " he recalls . "  We saw the ISIS fighters , they just came into the house , they did n't say a word . They just sent a sniper to the roof . I grabbed my children and ran . " His wife bursts into tears , prompting him to apologize for not being able to talk anymore -- they just want to keep going . Another older woman , sitting in one of the carts surrounded by her grandchildren , starts sobbing the moment we approach her . "  They took our homes and kicked us out , " she cries . Over the weekend ISIS moved into towns just to the north of Ramadi , which lies 68 miles  110km  west of Baghdad , sending thousands fleeing on foot into the city . ISIS had already blocked off access from the south months ago , and the west was contested territory . The east , until now , was not just a relatively safe zone but the only viable entrance and exit . At a hospital in Amriyat al-Falluja , about a 15-minute drive away , a wounded local fighter winces in pain . He was shot by a sniper in Ramadi that morning as ISIS fighters advanced -- the bullet barely missed his heart . "  We had been warning we could see their movements , " he tells us . "  But we just did n't have the force to hold them off . We did n't leave a single person we did n't call and ask for back up . " But none came . Hours after our morning conversation we speak to Essawi again by phone . "  Security is collapsing in the city , " he screams . "  This is what we warned Baghdad would happen . Where is Baghdad ? Where is al-Abadi ? "  Just God knows if we will survive this , " he says and hangs up . Amriyat al-Falluja regularly comes under attack from rockets and mortars from ISIS positions nearby . The hospital 's façade is scarred by shrapnel . The wards are full of people injured during these attacks . Fifteen-year-old Mustafa Ahmed has bandages on his neck , leg , and other parts of his body . "  A mortar fell on our street , one of my neighbors was wounded , " he explains . "  We went out to help him and the second one fell on us . " His friend died , he says . In the next room Amal Ahmed speaks softly . "  I was in the garden and a rocket hit and the shrapnel sliced me open , " she says , as tears roll down her face . "  Something fell out of me and I grabbed it and I put it back in and I lay down . " She starts to cry harder . Her husband was killed by U.S. forces in Fallujah -- another city in Anbar -- in 2003 . Her children have all moved away except her youngest , who broke his arm in the same attack . "  When I see the situation I do n't have hope , it 's just getting worse . " A few moments later , we hear two massive explosions from another of the hospital 's buildings . They think it 's an ISIS rocket or mortar attack so we take cover along with the Iraqi forces we are with in the hallway , away from the windows . More explosions go off in the distance . Then another actually shakes our building . "  Anyone want tea ? " one of the policemen with us asks , laughing as he pours . "  This happens all the time , we 're used to it . " The police chief , Major Aref al-Janabi , radios to his men to respond . Al-Janabi , like so many others , is frustrated with the lack of support from Baghdad . Earlier , he had taken us to the front lines , a long berm that stretches along the northern and western parts of the town that is dotted with fighting positions . He says he regularly provides the joint command center with coordinates for ISIS positions , but so far there have been no significant air strikes or reinforcements . More explosions follow in the distance . We 're quickly moved out and leave the town , heading back towards the bridge and the long , snaking lines of refugees . An ambulance passes us , trying to force its way through the crowds . The swell of people fleeing has grown considerably in the last hours -- not surprising given Essawi 's dire assessment and warning . "  Ramadi is under siege from all sides , " he 'd told us earlier , anger mixed with an air of resignation . "  I consider the city to have fallen . " He claimed that 150,000 have fled , scoffing at statements from Iraqi officials in Baghdad that reinforcements have been sent to Ramadi . He has yet to see them .	Families flee parts of western Iraq amid continuing onslaught from ISIS fighters Officials there say the Iraqi government is failing to protect them Thousands have been forced to grab what they can and head east toward the capital
CNN  -- It 's not uncommon for golfers of any level to hole in one , but it 's not often that one player does it twice in two days at a top-level tournament . Keith Horne shared the limelight with runaway leader Charl Schwartzel at the European Tour 's Alfred Dunhill Championship in their native South Africa on Saturday , landing a repeat ace that earned him an unexpected Christmas present . The 41-year-old will take home a luxury car following his hole-in-one at the par-three 12th at Leopard Creek in the third round . "  Unbelievable . It was the same club , but the wind was different , so I had to hit a full eight iron this time , " he told the European Tour website after matching his Friday feat at the same hole . "  It was in all the way -- never looked like missing . Went in a bit faster this time , so I did n't get to admire it as much as yesterday , but it really got the adrenaline going much more . " Under competition rules , it would not have earned him a prize as the car is only on offer for holes-in-one on the final day , but sponsor BMW made an exception . "  I 'm really chuffed . It was very kind of them to recognize that two holes-in-one were worthy of giving me the car , " said Horne , who is still waiting for his first European Tour victory . "  I was n't expecting it , so I 'm over the moon . This was an unbelievable Christmas present and I could n't have asked for a more beautiful car . " The world No. 246 signed for a four-under-par 68 that put him sixth ahead of Sunday 's final round -- 12 shots behind 23rd-ranked Schwartzel . Schwartzel won by 11 shots in Thailand last weekend for his first victory since the 2011 Masters , and he is poised for another convincing triumph after shooting 64 to go 10 clear . "  It is a nice comfort , and I 'd rather be 10 ahead than nine ahead . Whatever lead you can build is great , " said the 28-year-old , who won at the same venue eight years ago and has been runner-up there four times . "  We 've all see what can happen in this game . I do n't want to think about it -- if all goes well I 'm going to celebrate . " Schwartzel had shared the halfway lead with Gregory Bourdy , but the Frenchman dropped back to second on 11-under 205 after slumping to a 74 . Branden Grace , who won four times on the European Tour last season with the first two coming on home soil in South Africa , was tied for third on 206 with Sweden 's Kristoffer Broberg and Englishman Steve Webster . Meanwhile , Europe will take a one-point lead against Asia into Sunday 's final round of the Royal Trophy teams event in Brunei . Led by former Ryder Cup captain Jose Maria Olazabal , the Europeans could not repeat Friday 's strong opening and lost Saturday 's fourball matches 3-1 for an overall 4Â 1/2 -- 3Â 1/2 scoreline . The veteran Spaniard will play in the first of Sunday 's deciding singles matches , taking on South Korea 's Bae Sang-moon . The eighth and final match will be between Ryder Cup winner Francesco Molinari and veteran Korean Y.E.Yang . "  Francesco Molinari played against Tiger Woods in the final match last time and got an excellent half point , so he was a good choice to go out last again , " said Olazabal , referring to September 's incredible final-day comeback against the U.S. at Medinah .	South African veteran earns luxury car after holing second hole in one of tournament Keith Horne climbs to sixth place at European Tour event after his repeat ace on Saturday He trails leading compatriot Charl Schwartzel by 12 shots at Alfred Dunhill Championship European team has one-point lead over Asia in Royal Trophy event in Brunei
CNN  -- Archaeologists believe a desert site in Jordan may contain the ruins of the elusive King Solomon 's Mines . Researchers using carbon dating techniques at Khirbat en-Nahas in southern Jordan discovered that copper production took place there around the time King Solomon is said to have ruled the Israelites . The research findings were reported in this week 's issue of the journal , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , which came out Monday . King Solomon is known in the Old Testament for his wisdom and wealth and for building the First Temple in Jerusalem . The fabled mines entered popular culture in 1885 with the publication in Great Britain of the bestselling "  King Solomon 's Mines " by Sir H. Rider Haggard . In the book , adventurers in search of the mines find gold , diamonds and ivory . Since then , the mines have been the the subject of several films . Yet their possible location -- and whether they exist at all -- remains cloaked in mystery . Thomas Levy of the University of California San Diego , who led the research , said carbon dating placed copper production at Khirbat en-Nahas  Arabic for ` Ruins of copper "  in the 10th century -- in line with the biblical narrative of Solomon 's rule . "  We ca n't believe everything ancient writings tell us , " Levy said in a university statement . "  But this research represents a confluence between the archaeological and scientific data and the Bible . " Khirbat en-Nahas is an arid region south of the Dead Sea , in Jordan 's Faynan district . The Old Testament identifies the area with the Kingdom of Edom . As early as the 1930s , archaeologists linked the site to the Edomite kingdom , but some of those claims were dismissed in subsequent years . "  Now ... we have evidence that complex societies were indeed active in 10th and 9th centuries BCE and that brings us back to the debate about the historicity of the Hebrew Bible narratives related to this period , " Levy said .	Desert site in Jordan may contain the ruins of the fabled King Solomon 's mines King Solomon is known in the Old Testament for his wisdom and wealth Findings reported in the journal , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences
CNN  -- The Vatican on Monday recalled its envoy to Ireland in the wake of a blistering report accusing church leaders of covering up extensive abuse of young people by priests . Archbishop Giuseppe Leanza was recalled to Rome "  for consultations with the  Vatican  Secretariat of State , " the official Vatican Information Service said in citing a statement from the Roman Catholic Church 's leadership . The move came in reaction to this month 's release of the Cloyne report about "  allegations of abuse of minors by clergy ... and , in particular , in the wake of subsequent reactions . " Released July 13 , the 421-page report into abuses in the diocese of Cloyne -- near the southern city of Cork -- demolished claims by the Catholic Church in Ireland that policies it put in place in 1996 had enabled it to get a handle on the problem . It details how complaints against 19 clerics in the diocese were dealt with between 1996 and 2009 . It also accused Bishop John Magee , who was responsible for policing abuse in his diocese , of not backing the policy himself and failing to take action against abusers . The Vatican last week had promised action , with the Rev. Federico Lombardi , director of the Holy See press office , saying in a statement the church "  will respond appropriately . " He added the Vatican 's aim is to promote the protection of children and restore "  an atmosphere of trust and collaboration in the Church and in society . " His comments came days after Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny launched a stinging attack . He claimed that the Cloyne report exposed the Vatican as seeking to frustrate an inquiry into child sex abuse for its own benefit , even after the scandal blew up worldwide . On listening to the evidence of humiliation and betrayal , Kenny said , "  The Vatican 's reaction was to parse and analyze it with the gimlet eye of a canon lawyer ... this calculated , withering position being the polar opposite of the radicalism , humility and compassion upon which the Roman Church was founded . " The report exposed "  a tale of a frankly brazen disregard for protecting children , " the prime minister added , as he praised the courage of the victims of abuse who had spoken out to investigators . Lombardi responded in a statement saying some criticisms of the Vatican went too far and "  demonstrate little awareness of what the Holy See has actually done over the years to help effectively address the problem . " One point of contention is a 1997 letter from the Vatican 's envoy to Ireland that warns bishops to follow church law while investigating cases of suspected child sex abuse by priests . The envoy expresses "  serious reservations " about requiring that such cases be reported to the police . That letter , since being revealed recently , has stoked harsh criticism in Ireland . Numerous Irish victims of sexual abuse , for example , wrote collectively in January that they are "  disgusted " by the message . The Vatican , in turn , has called the letter "  deeply misunderstood . "	Archbishop Giuseppe Leanza is recalled to consult with Vatican officials , the church reports The move responds to "  allegations of abuse of minors by clergy " It comes weeks after the Irish government released a report claiming a church cover-up Director of Holy See press office says some criticisms of Vatican go too far
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The connection seems obvious : nearly 400 acres of land set aside to house veterans and thousands of veterans who need a place to call home . But Los Angeles ' estimated 8,000 homeless vets have been barred from living at the sprawling campus for decades . The West Los Angeles property -- some of the most valuable in the nation -- was donated in 1888 to "  establish , construct and permanently maintain " a branch of a national home for veterans , according to the original deed . And for nearly a century , that 's what happened : permanent veterans facilities sprang up , including a post office , a trolley system and housing for as many as 4,000 vets , said American Civil Liberties Union lawyer Mark Rosenbaum . But "  beginning with the Vietnam War era , vets were kicked out , " said Rosenbaum , who 's leading a class-action suit over the property against the Department of Veterans Affairs . Now , a generation after Vietnam , the facility 's abandoned buildings are off limits to the veterans they were intended to serve . "  It 's a shame , " said Carolina Barrie , a descendant of the heiress who donated the land . Veterans should be "  given every single opportunity to rehab their lives -- and if they have no place to live , a place to live . " The VA saw fit to lease parts of the property to several businesses . In September , the VA canceled three leases after rising criticism . But other entities remain on the property including a public golf course , a college baseball stadium , a theater and practice fields for the exclusive private Brentwood School . CNN 's initial requests to the VA for its side of the lawsuit were referred to the Justice Department , which said it would n't comment while the case is still pending . Vet : ' I just wanted to die or go to prison ' Iraq war veteran Robert Rissman , 22 , is n't part of the lawsuit , but he has spent years battling addiction , post-traumatic-stress disorder and homelessness . As an 18-year-old high school senior , Rissman signed up with the Army intending to "  go to college and make something of myself , " he said . "  And the Army said they 'd pay for it . " He was deployed to Iraq for a year as part of a quick response unit that saw constant action . Upon his return to Colorado 's Fort Carson , Rissman was diagnosed with PTSD . Nightmares and paranoia haunted him . It got worse . According to Army papers , he once spent a day drinking and sitting on his bed pointing with the barrel of an illegal sawed-off shotgun in his mouth . "  I just wanted to die or go to prison , " he said . "  And that was where I was headed and I knew that was where I was going and I was OK with that . " After leaving the Army , Rissman ended up homeless in Arizona and later Los Angeles , where he "  was doing a lot of methamphetamines " and "  smoking a lot of dope . " Study : PTSD signals long-term health problems Accurate figures are hard to come by , but the VA in its most recent report estimates about 107,000 veterans find themselves homeless on any given night . Mental illness plagues 45 % of homeless vets and 70 % suffer from some kind of substance abuse , according to the VA. . Washington has OK 'd $ 35.5 million to renovate various buildings on the campus including "  Building 209 for housing facilities for homeless veterans , " according to a bill signed by President Obama this month . The facility would provide vets with 70 permanent housing units , far short of the living space needed to house LA 's homeless vets . The VA has launched an aggressive national plan with an ambitious goal : eliminating homelessness among veterans by 2015 . Under the joint program with the Department of Housing and Urban Development , homeless veterans get federal vouchers to help them pay rent . This summer the VA granted nearly $ 60 million to nonprofit groups that help veterans , including more than $ 7 million to aid an estimated 1,800 vets in California . The money aims to prevent veterans and their families from slipping into homelessness by helping with basic expenses such as rent , utilities security deposits and moving costs . Occupy the park ? Ron Kovic , whose story was made famous in the 1989 Tom Cruise film "  Born on the Fourth of July , " said the $ 35.5 million is n't enough . Paralyzed in the Vietnam War , the former Marine has been working to improve VA treatment of returning troops since his own homecoming in the late 1960s . Kovic is calling for an occupation protest of the West LA property , not unlike the current Occupy Wall Street movement . "  If that land was given to veterans and if we were able to put at least a small percentage of what we 're spending on these wars in Iraq and Afghanistan toward building a facility for homeless and disabled veterans , " Kovic told CNN , "  I think it would be one of the most honorable things we could do as citizens and one of the most honorable things that the VA could do to make up for the mistakes of the past . " U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California , told CNN via an email statement that she 's concerned about the rising number of homeless vets in Los Angeles and believes that "  updated and new facilities are needed at the West LA VA . " "  I intend keep working to make sure that Congress does n't stop " with the latest improvements , she said . VA Secretary Eric Shinseki "  has told me he is committed to renovating two additional buildings on the campus , and we intend to hold him and the administration to that commitment . " Meanwhile , VA attorneys have asked a federal judge to throw the ACLU lawsuit out of court . "  In fact , according to Rosenbaum the Justice Department attorney said , ` We do n't believe that the VA has any authority or any responsibility to provide housing . " But Dr. Dean Norman , chief of staff of Los Angeles ' VA health care system seemed to contradict that . "  I think we have the resources with the community to end homelessness for veterans in Los Angeles , " Norman said . Norman said new housing is being created for homeless vets and those who need help should call 1-877-4AIDVET  1-877-424-3838  to start the process that will put them in safe housing . As for Rissman , he 's currently living at a halfway house in hopes of leaving his homeless life behind . He thinks the West Los Angeles property could help many more homeless vets win their personal battles . "  It would get a number of people in off the street and get them doing what they need to be doing to get their life together , " said Rissman . Meanwhile , the judge has refused to throw out the case and has appointed a mediator to try and resolve the situation beginning this week . "  I promise you that these gates will be open , " said Rosenbaum . "  We will win this case . " CNN 's Danielle Dellorto , Thom Patterson and Curt Merrill contributed to this report .	Sprawling Los Angeles property donated for war vets in 1888 ACLU sues to let thousands of homeless vets live there "  Born on the Fourth of July " vet Ron Kovic calls for "  occupation " protest VA asks judge to throw case out of court
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives said Wednesday it is changing its ways after an audit showed that the agency was losing guns and laptops , often through carelessness . ATF Director Michael Sullivan says the agency is revising its procedures on lost weapons and laptops . According to a Justice Department audit released Wednesday , the inspector general reported the ATF was unable to account for 76 weapons and 418 laptops over the past five years . The report said the rate of loss had tripled since the last audit was conducted by the ATF 's then-parent agency , the Treasury Department . "  It is especially troubling that ATF 's rate of loss for weapons was nearly double that of the FBI and DEA , " the report said . ATF Director Michael Sullivan said he agreed with most of the report 's findings . "  We are revising our procedures of reporting losses of weapons or laptops , " Sullivan said . Of the 76 missing weapons , 35 were stolen from agents ' homes , hotel rooms or vehicles , the report said . Some of the others were left in public places or lost in shipping -- or their losses were still unexplained . Two of the stolen guns were used to commit crimes , the report said . One was used to shoot through the window of a residence , and the other was recovered from suspects arrested on burglary charges . The inspector general determined that 53 percent of the weapon losses were the result of employees ' carelessness or failure to follow ATF policies . Of the 418 laptops , 50 were reported stolen . The report said that in most cases , it was not clear whether the missing laptops contained sensitive or classified information . Seven did ; 13 did not . "  ATF could not provide adequate information " about the contents of the other 398 , the report said , and therefore , "  ATF could not assess what damage these losses could have had on ATF 's operations or national security . " Few , if any , of the missing laptops had the data encrypted , according to the report . The ATF has nearly 5,000 agents , more than 7,500 laptops and more than 22,000 weapons , the report said . CNN 's Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives lost 76 weapons , report says 35 of those were stolen , including two later used in crimes , says inspector general ATF ca n't account for 418 laptops ; many could hold classified material , report says ATF says it 's changing its procedures for dealing with missing weapons , laptops
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- The Zimbabwean government has declared a national emergency in the face of a cholera outbreak that has killed more than 560 people , the state-owned newspaper The Herald said Thursday . A shortage of clean drinking water has unleashed a cholera epidemic in Zimbabwe . Harare also appealed for help for its hospitals , which Health Minister David Parirenyatwa said "  are literally not functioning . " "  Our staff is demotivated and we need your support to ensure that they start coming to work and our health system is revived , " he said at a meeting of donors including United Nations agencies , embassies and non-governmental institutions , The Herald reported . Cholera cases are on the increase in nine of Zimbabwe 's 10 provinces , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  warned Wednesday . It blamed "  poor water and sanitation supply , a collapsed health system and limited government capacity to respond to the emergency . " OCHA said the water-borne outbreak had killed at least 565 people and sickened more than 11,000 . See more about Zimbabwe 's cholera crisis " In Harare province , more than one in four people to contract the disease had died and there were nearly 7,000 new cases , OCHA said . The health crisis is taking place against a background of increased security in the face of expected runs on banks . Armored cars patrolled the streets of Zimbabwe 's capital and residents flocked to banks Thursday after limits on cash withdrawals were lifted in the inflation-ravaged African nation . The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe had capped maximum daily withdrawals at 500,000 Zimbabwean dollars -- about 25 U.S. cents , and about a quarter of the price of a loaf of bread . But faced with mounting chaos in a country already in economic free fall , the bank decided last week to raise that limit to 100 million dollars  $ 50 U.S.  per week . Soldiers were deployed to all banks in anticipation of throngs of people lining up to withdraw money Thursday , when the increase took effect . Wednesday , police chased depositors away and arrested union leaders who planned to protest the limits . Zimbabwe 's inflation rate of 231 million percent is the world 's highest . The Zimbabwe Congress of Trade Unions said 69 people were arrested across the country during Wednesday 's demonstrations . Amnesty International has demanded to know the whereabouts of human rights activist Jestina Mukoko . The group said Mukoko was abducted at dawn Wednesday by armed men in plainclothes posing as police . And angry , unpaid soldiers clashed with foreign currency exchangers and some civilians Monday , three days after troops who had failed to get cash from their banks looted shops they suspected to be illegally dealing in foreign currency .	Zimbabwean government declares national emergency over cholera outbreak Cholera has so far killed more than 560 people , U.N. group says Government minister says its hospitals "  are literally not functioning "
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Alan Gross , a U.S. State Department contractor jailed in Cuba , received his first visit by American doctors , Gross ' attorney said Thursday . "  A U.S. medical team did visit Alan in early July , " Gross ' attorney , Scott Gilbert , wrote CNN in an e-mail . "  The family has received the results and , at least at this time , does not have any plans to release them to the public . " The doctors ' visit was not previously disclosed . Gross , 64 , is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing banned communications equipment to Cuba as part of a State Department program to increase access to the internet and spread democracy on the island . Gross ' family has said that his health is failing and had asked that Cuban authorities allow American doctors to examine him . Cuban authorities had said that Gross was being adequately cared for in the military hospital where he is imprisoned , but in June said they had granted permission for doctors to visit . The change in course comes as Cuba intensifies its campaign to secure the release of Cuban intelligence agents serving lengthy prison sentences in the United States . Cuban officials argue that the men infiltrated hard-line Cuban exile groups to prevent terrorist attacks on the island . But U.S. prosecutors called the men spies , and they were convicted in 2001 . Four of the agents remain in U.S. federal prison . The fifth man , Rene Gonzalez , returned to Cuba in May after serving 14 years in prison and on supervised release . Cuba 's talks of a possible prisoner trade have been dismissed by U.S. officials , who say Gross should be released immediately . In May , Gross settled with his employer for an undisclosed sum . He and his wife , Judy , had sued Development Alternatives Inc. , and the U.S. government for $ 60 million , saying that Gross had not been properly trained to carry out his work in Cuba . The settlement did not include the government . The company hired Gross to fulfill a U.S. Agency for International Development contract to connect private citizens to the Internet in Cuba , a scarce commodity on the island . He arrived in Cuba in 2009 .	U.S. doctors visit American jailed in Cuba Alan Gross is serving 15 years for bringing banned communications equipment Family says his health is failing
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- About 50 students broke into a Dutch consulate compound in Indonesia Wednesday to protest a film by a Dutch lawmaker that many Muslims consider anti-Islamic . Protesters demonstrate against an anti-Islamic film in front of the Dutch embassy in Jakarta . The protesters tore off the gate of the embassy in the city of Medan and ripped down a flag , said Dutch Embassy spokeswoman Gonneke de Ridder . Local television carried pictures of police dispersing and rounding up demonstrators . There were no immediate reports of injuries . Indonesia is the world 's most populous Muslim nation . The 15-minute film , "  Fitna , " features disturbing images of terrorist acts juxtaposed over verses from the Quran to paint Islam as a threat to Western society . It has been posted on several Web sites , including Google Video and YouTube . Dutch Prime Minister Jan Beter Balkanende has said his government worried that Geert Wilders ' film could provoke a violent backlash . The film has prompted protests in other parts of the Muslim world . Soon after its release last month , hundreds of angry Muslims rallied in Pakistan , where the government temporarily blocked access of YouTube over a trailer for Wilders ' film . The protesters burned the Dutch flag and called on Pakistan to cut ties with the Netherlands . The Dutch government and others , including the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference , have rejected the film . The OIC has 57 member states over four continents and claims on its Web site to be the second largest inter-governmental organization , after the United Nations . In its statement , it urged the international community to condemn the showing of the film and asked the Dutch government to prosecute the author of the documentary under Dutch law . Wilders has stood by his project . "  My intention was not to offend in any way , but to show the truth -- at least the truth as I see it , " Wilders told CNN . "  And if the truth hurts and could be offensive , well , this of course is not my problem . " Wilders is a member of the Dutch parliament from the conservative Party for Freedom and an outspoken critic of Islam . He said he has "  big problems " with Islam 's Prophet Mohammed , the Quran and "  everything that is stated inside this terrible book . " The title , "  Fitna , " translates in Arabic to "  strife " or "  conflict " of the type that occurs within families or any other homogenous group . The film opens with passages from the Quran , interspersed with graphic images of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks against the United States . The video also includes disturbing images of other terror attacks -- bloodied victims ; beheadings of hostages ; executions of women in hijab , the traditional Muslim attire ; and footage , with subtitles , of Islamic leaders preaching inflammatory sermons against Jews and Christians . E-mail to a friend From CNN 's Kathy Quiano	Protesters break into Dutch consolate compound in Indonesian city of Medan Flag pulled down , gate ripped off embassy , Dutch spokeswoman tells CNN Protests prompted by a film juxtaposing images of terrorism with verses from Quran Filmmaker Geert Wilders is a conservative member of Dutch parliament
New York  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Thursday unveiled what she described as a "  blueprint " to guide global efforts in wiping out the AIDS virus , focusing on improving treatment and prevention practices to "  get ahead of the pandemic . " The initiative is part of a plan to "  usher in an AIDS-free generation , " said Clinton , who hailed a 200 % increase in U.S.-funded antiretroviral drug treatments since 2008 . Clinton announced the plan , officially titled the "  President 's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief  PEPFAR  Blueprint : Creating an AIDS-free Generation , " at the State Department , two days ahead of World AIDS Day . She was joined by Eric Goosby , U.S. global AIDS coordinator . "  We can reach a point where virtually no children are born with the virus , " Clinton said , adding that the plan also aims to further reduce transmission rates and increase access to medical treatment for those who are already infected . The program is also expected to address gender inequities that she said puts women and girls at a higher risk of contracting the virus . AIDS-related deaths have dropped more than 25 % over the last six years , and countries with some of the highest rates of the human immunodeficiency virus  HIV  -- which leads to AIDS -- are now seeing substantial drops in mortality rates , according to a recent report by the Joint United Nations Program on HIV/AIDS . "  The pace of progress is quickening -- what used to take a decade is now being achieved in 24 months , " said Michel Sidibe , executive director of UNAIDS . "  We are scaling up faster and smarter than ever before . It is the proof that with political will and follow-through , we can reach our shared goals by 2015 . " The AIDS Quilt , and hoping for ` The Last One ' New HIV infections have dropped more than 50 % in 25 low - and middle-income countries . In traditionally hard-hit places like Malawi and Botswana , the rates of new infections have dropped 73 % and 71 % , respectively . And yet while nearly a quarter of new cases in the United States are found in young people , more than half of them do not know they are infected , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . A recent CDC report said more than 12,000 new cases occurred in people between 13 and 24 years old in 2010 , and close to 60 % of them did not know their HIV status . "  That so many young people become infected with HIV each year is a preventable tragedy , " Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the CDC , said in the report . Researchers found that only about a third of people ages 18 to 24 and only 13 % of high school students in the United States have ever been tested . About 1.1 million people in the U.S. are living with HIV , with roughly 50,000 people contracting it each year .	The announcement comes amid significant gains in fighting the virus AIDS-related deaths have dropped more than 25 % over the last six years , U.N. says About 1.1 million people in the U.S. live with HIV , the CDC says Roughly 50,000 people contract the virus each year
Musanze , Rwanda  CNN  -- For Rwanda 's national cycling team , survivors of its genocide , cycling is proving to have an unlikely healing power . Eighteen years after the genocide of Tutsis that claimed an estimated 800,000 lives in all , Team Rwanda is now gaining international recognition , and one member will compete at this year 's summer Olympics . With a population of more than 11 million and a land size roughly half the size of Scotland , the east African nation of Rwanda is Africa 's most densely populated country . In Musanze , 96 kilometers outside the capital of Kigali , on one of the few paved roads in northwestern Rwanda , many get around on bicycles , some made entirely of wood . These wooden bicycles , typically made from acacia trees , evolved as a solution for wheel-barrowing crops from farm to farm . They are heavy , used by farmers to transport loads of up to 300 kg , and with only a thin piece of rubber for a tire , they are difficult to maneuver and brake suddenly . Because of this , they are banned from the main roads . "  If you hit something or somebody , that person would be dangerously hurt , " explains Francois Bizimana , one of the village 's bike makers , who has previously been hospitalized with injuries from an accident on one of his bikes . "  You do a lot of damage when you get in an accident with them . Some of us are not used to road safety and rules , so that caused a lot of trouble for us . " Learn more : 100 days that changed history ... In 2006 , when Rwanda 's first annual cycling festival was created by Jonathan "  Jock " Boyer , the first American to finish the Tour de France , and mountain bike pioneer Tom Ritchey , it was named the Wooden Bike Classic in honor of these traditional contraptions . The event showcased so much talent that the next year , Boyer returned to establish and coach the country 's first national team , Team Rwanda . One of its five founding members , and winner of the first Wooden Bike Classic , Adrien Niyonshuti , will represent Rwanda at the 2012 summer Olympics . Niyonshuti was seven years old in 1994 , when conflict between two ethnic groups , the Hutu majority and the Tutsi minority , spiraled into a genocide that claimed an estimated 800,000 lives over 100 days . His grandmother and six of his brothers were killed . Another founding team member , Jean de Dieu "  Rafiki " Uwimana contracted malaria while sleeping outdoors , after escaping with his grandmother . He was separated from his parents and brother , and thought they were dead for five years after the genocide . Read more : Rwandan rugby team 's trip to Hong Kong ... Team Rwanda is a valuable means of bringing men from different backgrounds together . Some team members travel as much as 230 kilometers -- by bicycle -- to get to training sessions at the team 's base in northwestern Ruhengeri . Besides cycling three times a week , they do yoga and in the evenings , take English classes . "  Then they get three great meals , " says Kimberly Coats , director of marketing and logistics . "  Nutrition is important . Our food choices are limited , " she continues . "  They 're used to eating for bulk , not nutritional value . Now , they 've started to see the benefits of nutrition , stretching , training program and they 're doing well . " For some , the rigorous training regimen is a welcome distraction from painful memories . "  You never forget it , in your life , " says Uwimana . "  But ... I 'm busy . My future is looking good now . Many people know me , and I 'm changing life for my country and my family also . " Their success is helping to change lingering perceptions of Rwanda as a broken , dangerous and impoverished place . It 's also helping to change how Rwandans view themselves . Having toured America , South Africa and Gabon with his team , Uwimana has concrete aspirations for his homeland . "  So my future is to help my friends and to be an ambassador for my country . "	Rwanda 's cycling team are survivors of its 1994 genocide One member will compete at the 2012 Olympics Many started riding on heavy wooden bikes , used for farm transport
CNN  -- They were warned not to share it , but share it they did . Australians , intrigued by the latest revelation from WikiLeaks , took to social media to pass on a document they were never meant to see . On Wednesday morning , the whistleblowing group , headed by Julian Assange , broke a suppression order , which was itself subject to a suppression order . In the United Kingdom , such an order is known as a super-injunction , and is used by judges to ensure secrecy around specific events . And many people talking about the case on Twitter used the hashtag #superinjunction . This one involves a court case , international politicians and allegations that a Supreme Court judge in the Australian state of Victoria deemed should not be repeated . The Victorian Supreme Court declined to comment on the matter to CNN . On its website , WikiLeaks provided more information -- enough to see those responsible for breaking the order prosecuted in an Australian court , one expert said . "  They -LSB- Wikileaks -RSB- have put themselves in the position of judge , jury and executioner , " said Peter Bartlett , a media lawyer from Minter Ellison law firm in Melbourne . "  The difficulty for the court is that WikiLeaks is not , of course , in the jurisdiction of Australia , " he said . "  If Assange ever comes back to Australia , you would expect that he would immediately be charged with breaking a suppression order . " Assange remains holed up in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London where he sought political asylum two years ago after publishing reams of classified U.S. documents online . He 's wanted for questioning over allegations of sexual assault in Sweden , which he claims are politically motivated . Talk of the broken suppression order spread quickly online . Some blatantly shared the link to the WikiLeaks release , while others adopted a more cautious stance . One journalist tweeted : "  If , hypothetically , you go to the @Wikileaks site , & I 'm not suggesting you do , you might find something interesting I ca n't talk about . " Suppression orders are relatively common in the state of Victoria , according to a recent study . The report found that in the five years between 2008 and 2012 , Victorian courts issued 1,501 suppression orders , including 281 in the Supreme Court . In its annual report into the state of press freedom in Australia , the Media & Entertainment Arts Alliance referred to Victoria as "  the suppression order capital of Australia . " "  These laws are quite draconian , " said Chris Nash , a professor of journalism at Monash University in Melbourne , and the former director of the Australian Centre for Independent Journalism . Courts have been known to act when the orders are breached . Last year , former broadcaster Derryn Hinch was found guilty of contempt of court and fined $ 100,000 for contravening an order . The presenter did n't immediately delete a blog he had published about an alleged killer 's criminal past after a judge imposed a suppression order during the murder trial .	WikiLeaks publishes suppression order imposed by Victorian Supreme Court Case involved international politicians and certain allegations that can not be repeated Social media users shared the information online Assange remains in Ecuadorean Embassy in London where he sought political asylum
Apple tries very hard to keep its big announcements secret . The latest culprit responsible for ruining one of the tech company 's surprises is -- Apple . The day before a media event at its Cupertino , California , headquarters , the company accidentally leaked key details about new iPads in iTunes . Screen shots showing images and details for the iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3 appeared in iBooks on Wednesday . The images , which were later removed , were for the latest version of Apple 's "  iPad User Guide " for iOS 8 . Discovered by 9to5Mac , the screen shots show that the new tablets will both gain TouchID fingerprint sensors , which are currently only available on the iPhone . They also seem to verify that the latest update to the company 's mobile operating system , iOS 8.1 , is coming Thursday . Additional details were minimal . The physical designs of the new tablets appear to be largely unchanged from existing iPad models , and the iPad Air 2 is getting a burst photography mode . CEO Tim Cook and crew will still have plenty to talk about at the press conference . Apple is expected to announce new Macs and discuss the latest Apple Pay and OS X Yosemite release dates . CNN will be at the event , live blogging the iPad unveilings and any surprises that Apple might still have in store starting at 10 a.m. Pacific Time . 28 iPad pics that would have blown your 2009 mind	Images showing the names and design of upgraded iPads leaked early on iTunes Apple is hosting a press event at its Cupertino , California , headquarters on Thursday The company is also expected to discuss new Macs , Apple Pay and OS X Yosemite
CNN  -- When rock groups announce that they 're going on "  indefinite hiatus , " usually it 's publicist-speak for "  do n't hold your breath that they 're ever coming back . " But Fall Out Boy beat the odds when they announced that they 'd secretly recorded a new album , their first since going on "  indefinite hiatus " in 2009 . Tagged with the tongue-in-cheek title "  Save Rock and Roll , " the disc promptly shot to the top of the Billboard 200 album chart and debuted at number one on iTunes in 27 countries . CNN recently spoke with singer Patrick Stump , bassist Pete Wentz , guitarist Joe Trohman and drummer Andy Hurley about their surprise reunion . CNN : We thought you guys were on "  indefinite hiatus . " Pete Wentz : Well , it 's ended . It has become definite . Patrick Stump : We did just genuinely mean that we were just going to take a break , like it 's supposed to be . Joe Trohman : I think a lot of people do n't understand that we were kids and that some of us grew up in this band , and we needed a little time away from the band . We may have been in our mid-20s or early 30s , but we still felt like we were 17 , so we kind of needed to catch up to being whatever age we were by the end . CNN : How did you manage to record the new album in secret ? Stump : There were n't a lot of people knocking down our doors , going , "  When 's the next Fall Out Boy record ? " That was n't a thing that we were really getting pelted with , so we did n't really have any expectations to live up to . Andy Hurley : Which is nice , because then you make something that you 're happy with , and you do n't have to do something for this group of people , which is a great way to do it . CNN : Your first single is called "  My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark . " Wentz : The video is pretty cool . It has our buddy  rapper  2 Chainz in it , basically burning a lot of stuff -- which seemed apt in some way . Stump : 2 Chainz is in his second act , and I think he learned so much from the first time around that he has a total other perspective than a lot of others have . You do n't see a lot of artists in any genre who are on time and prepared to work . I think that 's something you get with the benefit of hindsight a little bit . CNN : What are you doing differently this time around ? Wentz : I think that there was a lot of "  ready , fire , aim " stuff that would go on . It was kind of like , "  Oh , we 've got to the do this right now , " and now I think that we realize it 's not so much quantity and constantly saying , "  Yes . " There 's the power of "  No " and doing things the way that you want to do it and making sure quality is the most important aspect . I think at the end of the day , that 's what determines your legacy . You can either be a fast food restaurant or you can be making art , and I do n't want to flip burgers , really . CNN : How 's the communication in the group these days ? Trohman : Guys are notoriously bad at emoting and communicating , and I think we had to learn how to do that . But also taking that time apart to be with our families , do other projects , work with different people and experience different things allowed us to come back and realize that maybe we did this thing not so well ; maybe we should have talked more ; maybe we should n't have been so passive-aggressive ; maybe this guy should have voiced his opinion more . I think we are better at that , and it has been very healthy for the band . CNN : Joe , you and Patrick got married . Pete became a dad . How have your personal lives changed things ? Trohman : It changes your perspective . We had to pay attention to these people who have been supporting us for so long , have been waiting for us while we 've been on the road , and I think they 've been waiting long enough . Wentz : I took my kid to preschool today , and he has a friend who is really into music there -- this little kid -- and he was like , "  I want to play Fall Out Boy right now . " And my kid was like , "  I do n't . I want to play Justice League . "  laughter  That will keep you grounded . CNN : "  Save Rock and Roll " just debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 album chart . It also went No. 1 on iTunes in 27 countries . Wentz : Wow . How mind-blowing is this ? Coming back , we never thought something like that was even possible . At the end of the day , we just put the music out there in the world . We are humbled and thankful for the world 's reaction . CNN : Fall Out Boy will be embarking on an arena tour later this year . Wentz : We just announced that we 're taking our buddies Panic ! at the Disco on tour with us this fall in arenas . A bunch of those -- like Barclay 's in New York -- are almost sold out , so make sure you get your tickets so we can hang out and be weird together . Stump : On the subject of arena tours , it 's interesting . Sometimes I 'll talk to fans , and there 's always these different perspectives of "  I like the big rooms " or "  I like the small rooms . " Wentz : If you 're bummed about the arena tour , you 're going to be REAL bummed about the stadium tour !  laughter	Fall Out Boy has been on hiatus since 2009 The group 's new album is called "  Save Rock and Roll " The band has a new song with rapper 2 Chainz
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of South Koreans were demonstrating Saturday on the streets of the capital to protest the government 's decision to import what they say is unsafe U.S. beef . South Korean protesters protest against government 's policy on U.S. beef imports on Saturday . South Korean police estimate that the crowd in Seoul is about 50,000 . No clashes were reported between the protesters and riot police , although ongoing protests have at times turned violent . South Koreans have protested regularly since April when the government announced it would resume importing beef from the United States after a five-year ban . That ban was instituted over a case of mad cow disease in the United States in 2003 . The widespread public protests essentially paralyzed the government of President Lee Myung-bak , who replaced seven top aides this month and plans to reshuffle his Cabinet . Tens of thousands of auto workers in South Korea went on strike Wednesday to oppose the government 's lifting of the ban . After a series of negotiations , Seoul and Washington came up with a revised agreement on June 21 -- one that limits imports to cattle younger than 30 months old . Animals older than 30 months old are considered at a greater risk for mad cow disease , which can be transmitted to humans . The revised agreement also excludes the import of certain parts believed more susceptible to mad cow disease . The initial deal would have allowed the import of all U.S. beef imports . Scientists believe mad cow disease spreads when farmers feed cattle recycled meat and bones from infected animals . The U.S. banned recycled feeds in 1997 . Eating meat products contaminated with the illness has been linked to variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , a rare and fatal malady in humans . Until the 2003 ban , South Korea was the third-largest market for U.S. beef exporters . South Korea 's new pro-U.S. president agreed to lift the import ban in April before a summit with U.S. President George W. Bush . But the move provoked a backlash over health concerns spurred in part by false media reports about risks , along with a sense that South Korea had backed down too easily to American pressure . The government has vowed to get tough with the rallies . In Washington , the White House announced that Bush would visit South Korea on August 5-6 before heading to the Beijing Olympics . Bush had originally been expected to go to Seoul next week when he visits Japan for the G-8 summit , but the trip did not materialize amid the protests . CNN 's Sohn Jie-ae contributed to this report .	Tens of thousands of South Koreans protest imports of U.S. beef Beef imports largely banned since 2003 when mad cow disease found in U.S. Protests essentially paralyzed the government of President Lee Myung-bak
CNN  -- A federal judge has issued a temporary restraining order that blocks Alabama from enforcing a key portion of a new abortion law that requires doctors at an abortion clinic to have admitting privileges at a local hospital . U.S. District Judge Myron H. Thompson 's ruling on Tuesday puts on hold what is considered the lynchpin of Alabama 's new abortion law , which is considered one of the toughest in the nation . Thompson barred the state from enforcing that portion of the law until March 2014 , a month after oral arguments are scheduled in a lawsuit brought against the state 's attorney general by Planned Parenthood . In conservative states , abortion pushback with an eye toward Roe v. Wade The state has argued the measure is designed to protect the health of a patient . The plaintiffs call it medically unnecessary due to the safety of abortion procedures and said enforcement of the section will force them to shut down . Thompson 's order comes just days after federal judges in Wisconsin and North Dakota blocked those states from enforcing new abortion laws . In Wisconsin , U.S. District Judge William Conley issued a temporary restraining order against the enforcement of the law that bans doctors from performing abortions if they do n't have admitting privileges to hospitals within 30 minutes of their practice . After divisive debate , Texas Senate approves restrictive abortion measure Conley issued the order after Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin filed suit . The group alleges the admitting privilege requirement is unconstitutional and treats doctors who perform abortions differently from doctors who perform other types of medical procedures . In North Dakota , a federal judge temporarily blocked the enforcement of the state 's new abortion law that is considered one of the most restrictive in the country , saying it was "  unconstitutional . " The North Dakota law bans an abortion when a fetal heartbeat can be detected -- sometimes as early as six weeks into a pregnancy . U.S. District Judge Daniel Hovland granted a temporary injunction after a Fargo women 's clinic filed a lawsuit last month . In his decision , the judge said "  there is no question " that the law known as HB 1456 directly contradicts a "  litany " of Supreme Court cases that address restraints on abortion , including Roe v. Wade . N.C. House passes restrictive abortion bill CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	U.S. District Judge Myron H. Thompson bars authorities from enforcing the law until 2014 The federal judge 's temporary restraining order is a response to a lawsuit against the state Planned Parenthood of Alabama is suing , saying the law is unnecessary
on board the California Zephyr  CNN  -- Woooooh ... Wooooh . The very sound of the Amtrak train horn is among the most evocative bits of Americana . It conjures up images of giant locomotives , ploughing their way across the country . With romantic names like "  The Texas Eagle , " "  The Silver Meteor , " "  The City of New Orleans , " and my home for the next week , "  The California Zephyr . " The train is America . Because while the horse and covered wagon gave rise to the frontier spirit , it was the country 's railroad that propelled this vast nation into becoming an economic powerhouse . The West may have been won on horseback , but it was the train that carried the swathes of victors to those newly claimed lands . The railroads became the backbone of the country . Transporting labor from one side to the other and the goods they produced to the entire country . Obama country : The start of CNN 's American Quest In tough times the railways that criss-crossed the nascent country served to bind the federation together after the trauma of civil war ; they enabled the breadbasket of America 's Great Plains to send the crops they grew to feed the rest of the country . As the industrial revolution took hold the new giant steel mills , coal mines and factories of the Mid-West took advantage of the opportunities rail created to reach growing cities , and docks to export overseas . Put simply , America 's railroads built the nation that exists today . But having built the country , by the 20th century the railroads found themselves in an impossible place . They fell victim to the individualism inherent in the new motor car and then the speed inherent in air travel . Rail was in a distant third place . By the 1970s , rail travel was in deep decline , and Amtrak was founded in an attempt to arrest its fall . In a major development , Congress legislated control of the passenger railways and gave it to Amtrak . It began service on May 1 , 1971 , with 21 routes spanning 43 states . Amtrak was a patchwork of stations , routes and services , which frequently failed to make much sense . Throughout its life Amtrak has made the argument , repeatedly , that rail is the most cost-effective and environmentally sound form of travel . Far from being sidelined , it has pleaded for greater investment to open up new high-speed routes and encourage more ridership . In some parts of the country it has enjoyed spectacular success in its battle with air travel . Between New York and Washington the train dominates , with 75 % of the market , including via its high speed Acela service . For the north east corridor from Boston to Washington , Amtrak carried 11 million passengers last year , 36 % of Amtrak 's total number of riders . The north-east remains fortress Amtrak ; but in parts of the country where you 'd think it would be the preferred way to travel , such as Chicago to Detroit , or St. Louis , it is still has a long way to go in increasing its market share . To hear Amtrak 's critics , including Mitt Romney , you would think the train company was swimming in public cash . But while last year the entire network received a total of $ 1.4 billion in operating and capital subsidies , in this year 's presidential election the Republicans have threatened to do away with the subsidy . But away from these current hostilities , politics and the railways have actually long been brothers . No election campaign during the 1800s would be complete without a "  whistle-stop tour " - when candidates would charter trains and speak to the voters from the caboose . An iconic picture in American political history is a victorious Harry Truman standing on the back of a train , holding an early edition newspaper reporting his defeat . The 1996 election saw Bill Clinton campaigning his way across America by rail . Amtrak 's annual report from that year says , "  When the presidential candidates wanted to travel across the country with speed , they flew ; but when they wanted to make a statement , to see the countryside and to create a symbol of being in touch with America 's roots , they took Amtrak . " To help increase its appeal today Amtrak runs magnificent trains across America appealing to the tourist and those wanting a more relaxed form of travel . Double deck carriages and panoramic windows offer interstate travel for those seeking a more leisurely journey . And that is where you find me today -- on board the California Zephyr . It is one of Amtrak 's most famous services , taking 48 hours from Chicago to San Francisco , making 34 stops on the way , across seven states . On the first sector of the journey , my accommodations include a "  roomette " with a couchette for sleeping . Later on I will have a family-sized cabin to stretch out in as we cross Nebraska . In the days ahead I will tell you much more about life on the Amtrak train -- for now , let me just leave you with the thought that there remain few better ways of discovering the many faces of the real America than to visit by rail , especially in an election year .	Railroad propelled United States into becoming economic powerhouse By 1970s , rail travel was in decline , and Amtrak founded in bid to arrest its fall In this election , Republicans have threatened to do away with subsidy Few better ways of discovering faces of the real America than to visit by rail
Phoenix , Arizona  CNN  -- At a vigil protesting the passage of Arizona 's tough new illegal immigration law , a young man in Army fatigues and a beret lit a candle at a makeshift shrine . Pfc. Jose Medina , an Army medic , came to the Arizona capitol while on leave , to express his sadness over the law , signed by Arizona 's governor on Friday . "  I 'm here because this is something that 's close to my heart , " said Medina . "  I went off to protect this country , to protect my family . That 's what hurts . " The new law requires immigrants to carry their registration documents at all times and requires police to question people if there is reason to suspect that they 're in the country illegally . Critics fear the law will result in racial profiling . The bill "  strengthens the laws of our state . It protects all of us , every Arizona citizen , and everyone here in our state lawfully . And it does so while ensuring that the constitutional rights of all in Arizona remain solid , stable and steadfast , " Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer said . Medina , 20 , is from El Mirage , a working class Latino community northwest of Phoenix . "  When I first joined the military , they would ask us where you from , and I would say ` I 'm from the great state of Arizona , ' " Medina reflected . "  I was raised here , I grew up here . Now I do n't know if I can say that so proudly . I do n't know if I want to live here anymore . " Medina says he came to the United States from Mexico illegally when he was 2 years old . When he was 11 years old he became a legal resident of the United States and now has a green card . "  I felt I had a huge debt to this country that 's given me so much , " Medina said . "  When I heard the law that passed , I could n't believe it . Because the America I know , freedom , liberties we enjoy , are for everyone and then this law passes and I 'm like ` wow . ' It 's a shame ; it 's a state that does n't even want you here ? If I take this uniform off I 'm just another person who came here illegally . " Just six hours before shipping off , Medina 's family and friends gathered for a farewell feast . The Mexican barbecue could be smelled a block away . Impassioned conversation about the controversial law could be heard over the scratching of forks and knives on plates of tangy barbecue . "  You may go to Afghanistan , you may go to Iraq , " said Medina 's close family friend Victor , who did not want his full name used . "  After this night man , we may not see you again . You can give your life for this country . But your mom may be stopped by Joe Arpaio  the Maricopa County , Arizona , sheriff known for aggressive policing . "  That 's true , " Medina answered . "  But it 's my duty to go . " "  You 're Mexican , " Victor said . "  I am of Mexican descent , " said Medina . "  But I have grown to be an American . " Ricky , 22 , a friend who served in Iraq and Afghanistan , is white and stops eating . "  We are all brothers over there , " said Ricky , who did not want his full name used . Before the sun rose over Arizona on Sunday morning , Medina left El Mirage for deployment to Germany . Jose Medina wondered if some of his family members or friends , some of whom are undocumented , would still be in El Mirage when he returned . "  I worry will my family live in peace , " he said . "  What good is keeping us safe here ... if we lose a part of what makes America so great ? If we drive fear into our own peoples ' hearts ? "	Pfc. Jose Medina expressed his concern over Arizona 's new immigration law Medina 's friends and family talked about new law during his farewell feast Medina wondered if some of his undocumented friends , family would leave the area
