It 's tricky business comparing the handful of smartwatches that been publicly unveiled so far -- an early wave in the growing flood of wearable tech products . The market is still defining what qualifies as a smartwatch , and the features available so far vary broadly from device to device . Samsung made the biggest splash so far Wednesday when it rolled out its Galaxy Gear , a souped-up watch with a simple camera , some decent storage space , voice controls and a single-core processor . But it lacks integration with Facebook and Twitter -- basic functions already adopted by some of its simpler competitors . And , if truth be told , some of the stars are still waiting in the wings . Apple , Google and Microsoft -- arguably the heftiest triumvirate in the tech world -- are all expected to hit the market soon with their own smartwatches . For now , here 's a comparison of the leading connected wrist adornments for sale to tech fashionistas and early adopters . Expect this list to grow quickly as the weeks go on . Samsung Galaxy Gear Display : 1.63 inches Price : $ 299 Battery life : About one day Compatibility : New Samsung Galaxy devices , eventually older ones Connection : Bluetooth 4.0 LE Camera : 1.9 megapixel camera , 720p video recording Other : 4GB storage , 800 MHz single-core processor , gyroscope and accelerometer Availability : Late September worldwide , early October in U.S. and Japan Pebble Display : 1.26 inches Price : $ 150 Battery life : 7 + days  additional 10-15 % on phone battery Compatibility : iPhone 3GS , 4 , 4S , 5 or any iPod Touch with iOS 5 or iOS 6 . Android devices Connection : Bluetooth 2.0 , 4.0 Camera : No Other : Accelerometer , magnetometer , water-resistant Availability : For sale now Motorola MotoActv Display : 1.6 inches Price : $ 149 for 8GB version Battery life : 20 hours active indoors , 9 outside Compatibility : Android phones Connection : Bluetooth 1.5 or higher Camera : No Other : Optimized for exercise , it has GPS tracking , Google Maps integration , is water resistant Availability : For sale now Sony SmartWatch 2 Display : 1.6 inches Price : $ 262 Battery life : 3-4 days Compatibility : Most Android phones Connection : NFC and Bluetooth 3.0 Camera : No Other : Display that 's readable in sunlight , hundreds of apps available Availability : Available "  soon " Qualcomm Toq Display : 1.55 inches Price : Around $ 300 Battery life : TBA Compatibility : Android phones Connection : Bluetooth Camera : No Other : Mirasol display , similar to e-ink Availability : In limited numbers in mid-October	Samsung 's new Galaxy Gear joins an increasingly crowded smartwatch market Here 's how the Gear stacks up against the Pebble watch and other rivals Smartwatches are also rumored to be coming from Apple , Google and Microsoft
CNN  -- Last weekend 's setback is looking like a mere blip for Juventus . Denied a 50th successive league match undefeated , the Italian champions bounced back with a 4-0 romp against Nordsjaelland in European competition and on Saturday crushed Pescara 6-1 to move four points clear in Serie A. Inter Milan had closed the gap to one with that 3-1 win seven days ago , but the pressure is back on for Sunday 's trip to mid-table Atalanta . Juve striker Fabio Quagliarella followed up his midweek goal against the Danish side with a hat-trick , while Sebastian Giovinco was also again on target . Arturo Vidal , who scored against both Inter and Nordsjaelland , opened proceedings to score for his fourth successive match while Kwadwo Asamoah netted an overhead kick in a first half that featured six goals -- one of them to Pescara 's Emmanuel Cascione . In Saturday 's other Serie A match , Catania moved up to seventh after a 0-0 draw at 10th-placed Cagliari . Bayern Munich stayed seven points clear in the German Bundesliga following Saturday 's 2-0 win at home to third-placed Eintracht Frankfurt . France star Franck Ribery netted the opener just before halftime and Austria midfielder David Alaba added a penalty as the Bavarian side followed up the midweek Champions League thrashing of Lille . Schalke stayed second after a 2-1 win over Werder Bremen , while two-time defending champions Borussia Dortmund won 3-1 at Augsburg to remain fourth as Poland striker Robert Lewandowski netted twice . In Spain , Malaga missed the chance to move above third-placed Real Madrid , losing 2-1 at home to Real Sociedad . The Andalucian side qualified for the last 16 of the Champions league in midweek , but twice went behind against a team that had been hovering above the relegation zone before Saturday 's game . Real Zaragoza beat Deportivo La Coruna 5-3 , sealed by two late goals from Portugal forward Helder Postiga , to leave the visitors third from bottom . Celta Vigo remained above Deportivo on goal difference alone after a 3-2 defeat at Rayo Vallecano that pushed the home side up to seventh . Osasuna stayed at the foot of the table despite winning 3-0 at second-bottom Espanyol . Spanish leaders Barcelona travel to Mallorca on Sunday , while Real Madrid visit levante and second-placed city rivals Atletico host Getafe .	Fabio Quagliarella scores hat-trick as Juventus move four points clear in Italy Serie A champions continue to bounce back from last weekend 's league loss Bayern Munich stay seven points clear in Germany with win over Eintracht Frankfurt Malaga miss chance to move into third place in Spain 's La Liga
New York  CNN  -- In his many blockbusters , actor Russell Crowe plays the man of the hour , swooping in to the rescue . But this weekend , he needed a little help of his own . The Coast Guard plucked the actor and his friend from the waters off New York 's Long Island after the pair lost their way while kayaking . Coast Guard personnel were on a routine patrol in the area when they heard one of the two calling for help Saturday night , Petty Officer Anthony Kozak said . Comments : Top five zingers for Russell Crowe Crowe paddled out on his kayak to the Coast Guard boat and hitched a ride back with them into Huntington Bay . "  They were just lost in the area after nightfall , " Kozak said . "  Was n't really a rescue of sorts , more of an assist . Nobody called 911 or anything . The Coast Guard happened upon the situation . " No one was injured , and Crowe seemed like an experienced kayaker , Kozak said . The Oscar-winning actor thanked "  the boys from the U.S Coast Guard for guiding the way " on his official Twitter feed . In another tweet , he made light of the experience : "  Not lost , we knew where exactly where we were ... we ran out of day . " Crowe won an Academy Award for best actor in "  Gladiator . " He has appeared in various movies , including "  Robin Hood , " "  The Insider " and "  A Beautiful Mind . " Crowe to play Noah in Aronofsky film	The Coast Guard plucks the actor from the waters off New York 's Long Island "  Was n't really a rescue of sorts , more of an assist , " official says No one was injured
Los Angeles  CNN  -- In many ways , Josh Stepakoff 's childhood came to an abrupt halt at 10:49 a.m. on August 10 , 1999 . That 's the moment a man named Buford Furrow entered the front door of the North Valley Jewish Community Center in Los Angeles and started shooting . Five people were wounded , including three children . Stepakoff , who was attending summer camp there , had the bad luck to be in the lobby . He took two bullets to his left leg and hip . He was 6 at the time , and is among few people who witnessed the horrific sights and sounds of a mass shooting as a very young child . Like the children of Newtown , Connecticut , he saw blood , he heard screams and he was scared for his life . Shooting triggers ` mind battle ' for Columbine victims The schoolchildren in Connecticut , in the wake of the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School , have a long road ahead of them , says Stepakoff , now 19 . He was traumatized for years . "  If we heard helicopters , sirens , loud noises -- anything that would startle me -- the house was on lockdown , " he said . "  I locked every door . I locked every window . " Even when things were quiet , walking around the house could be stressful , as Stepakoff thought a killer like Furrow might be hiding behind every corner . "  It 's not just , ` I 'm scared something might pop out at me , ' it was , ` I 'm scared for my life , ' " Josh remembered in an interview from his parents ' home in Los Angeles . Sandy Hook victim 's dad praises her short life Ben Kadish , who was 5 when he was shot just a few feet away from Josh 13 years ago , said he felt scared at school even five years after the shooting , and sleeping at friends ' houses was out of the question . "  I could n't be an average child , " he said . The intensity of the trauma has dulled with time , the young men say , but the shooting still affects them . For example , both of them chose to go to college in Los Angeles so they would n't be far from home when they had a bad moment . "  If I did run into those times , I did n't want to be a plane flight away , " Stepakoff said . "  I did n't want to be a six-hour car ride away . I wanted to be five minutes away from my home , my safety zone . " Stepakoff and Kadish have insights and advice for the parents of Sandy Hook Elementary children , which can also apply to families whose children have suffered other types of trauma . Shooting victims range in age from 6 to 56 Let them talk -- or not "  If I said I did n't want to talk about it , we did n't talk about it , " Stepakoff remembers . "  If I wanted to talk about it , we talked about it . " Expect your life to be disrupted When Stepakoff was a young boy and put his house on lockdown , his parents could n't leave , even if they had to get to work . If they were eating lunch at a restaurant and police officers walked in to dine , the family would have to get up and go , because police reminded him of the shootings . "  My parents were great , " he said . Allow your child to find his way As a teenager , Stepakoff decided to do work with the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , and found solace in talking to other victims . James Zidell , the third child injured in the Los Angeles shooting , took refuge in nature . He was also 6 at the time of the shooting . "  In nature you are surrounded by love and beauty , " he wrote in a high school English paper he shared with CNN . "  Bad people can not get me . " Repeat comforting thoughts James Zidell 's mother , Francine Zidell , remembers telling her son over and over that Furrow was in jail and could n't hurt him anymore . "  That seemed to be what he needed to hear , " she says . Tell your child how strong he is Kadish says one of the most helpful things his parents did was to tell him how strong he was to survive such a horrendous event . "  My slogan was , ` You 're Ben Kadish and you can do anything , ' " he remembers with a smile . Support crucial for kids after trauma	Three children were wounded in a 1999 shooting in Los Angeles The survivors of the Connecticut school shooting have a long road ahead , one says Now in their teens , the survivors say they were traumatized for years "  I could n't be an average child , " says Ben Kadish
CNN  -- When video of Justin Bieber 's deposition surfaced this week and went viral , most of us were amusedâ $ " especially lawyers .  You can watch some of it here  . As he answers questions for a battery case involving his bodyguard and a photographer , Bieber is glib and tries to parry the deposing attorney 's questions . If we could see off camera , we might see Bieber 's attorney subtly shaking his head in frustration . Counsel would know what Justin may not want to "  beliebe " : You only hurt yourself at a deposition when you bicker with the questioning attorney . To those luckily unfamiliar with depositions , it may have looked simply like Bieber was being a defiant celebrity in an interview . But a deposition is no interview , and treating it that way is to invite catastrophe . Bieber made a number of missteps typical for beginners . Here 's what he should have known : What is a deposition ? Testifying at a deposition looks a little like testifying at a trial . There are lawyers , a stenographer , questions and answers . But a deposition is not a trial . At trial , you can tell your story and convince a jury of your position . A deposition , on the other hand , is the other side 's only opportunity to find out what 's in your mind , lock your story in writing , and have it ready to bash you over the head with if you testify inconsistently at trial . Generally , the more your opponent gets you to talk at a deposition , the more information he or she has to use against you at trial . An argumentative witness like Bieber is a dream come true for his opponent . Smile , you 're on camera : Most depositions are not videotaped . It 's expensive and the costs do n't always justify the benefits . But Justin Bieber 's opponents want him on camera , preferably preening and pugnacious . Watch , for example , when he answers : "  Guess what ? Guess what ? I do n't recall . " Had the deposition only been recorded in a transcript , on paper that looks pretty innocent . But watch the oozing hostility on the video , and his dramatic "  I do n't recall " might play to a jury as "  I am conveniently forgetting negative evidence . " His opponent scored points deposing him on camera . You ca n't answer if you do n't know the question : Bieber can be seen interrupting questions to answer . A witness should always wait until the question has been completely asked . First , someone is typing the questions and answers into a transcript , and interruptions end up looking like someone spilled Scrabble letters onto a piece of paper : Unintelligible . A witness should only answer the question asked , lest he volunteer information to help the other side . And , if a question has n't even been finished yet , a witness ca n't possibly limit the answer to the question asked -- he does n't know what the question is yet ! Best practice ? Wait until the question is complete ; pause and ask yourself if you understand the question ; if you do , ask yourself if you know the answer to the question ; if you do , only answer the question asked . Depositions are not soapboxes : At a deposition , you will never "  show up " the other side 's lawyers . You are not there to show them the error of their ways and win them over . They will not turn to colleagues and announce : "  You know what ? After hearing this story , I think we 're on the wrong side of justice here . We should pack up and go home . Thanks for your time , Mr. Bieber . " Objection to the objection : Bieber can be heard warning the lawyer not to ask about sensitive subjects , like his possible relationship with other celebrities . Elsewhere , he actually  and hilariously  interposes his own "  objection . " At a deposition , the lawyer asks the questions , not the witness . The witness does n't decide what 's relevant . At a deposition , "  relevant " subject matter is any question "  reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence . " It does n't have to be admissible evidence , just calculated to possibly lead to admissible evidence . Therefore , virtually any question is arguably proper . That 's why grizzled veterans of "  deps " routinely acknowledge that , practically , they can feel like a fishing expedition . Bieber may not like the questions , but he takes his chances with the judge if he refuses to answer . Arguing requires additional words : Do n't argue with the lawyer , Justin . The rules of evidence are always skewed in favor of the attorney , and against the witness . Witnesses are often smarter than the lawyer , but the rules simply give the lawyer an overwhelming advantage . Moreover , arguing takes more words than simply answering yes or no . Bieber 's opponent benefits from each additional word Bieber says , because that 's part of another sentence the singer needs to testify consistently with at trial . We all know it 's nearly impossible to tell the same story twice , but a good cross-examiner will make minor inconsistencies from an earlier deposition look like a flawed memory , or worse , paint the witness as a liar . In text form , sarcasm does n't read like sarcasm : Sarcasm is using words to indicate  sarcastically  the opposite of what you really want to say . Sarcasm really comes out in the way you say something . Q : Did you shoot the sheriff ? A : Oh yeah , sure . I shot the sheriff . See ? Without the benefit of the voice and visual elements of sarcasm , on paper someone just admitted to shooting the sheriff , when maybe they wanted to be sarcastic . Devastating . For the most part , you 're on your own : Bieber 's lawyer actively objected to protect his client , but deponents often feel like their lawyers are n't getting involved enough . For the most part , lawyers can not . The rules of discovery seriously limit how much Bieber 's attorney can object . He can object "  for the record , " which means the judge can later decide if the answer is ultimately admissible at trial . Of course , some questions are so outside the realm of relevance or civility that the attorney has to intervene . The questions about Bieber 's personal relationships could potentially fall into this category , because they appear to stretch the boundaries . It was n't all terrible : In fairness to Bieber , he did some things right . He made it clear when he did not understand a question . That 's critical , because if he answers a question without fully understanding it , the court will later on assume he understood it when he answered it . Bieber appears on the video to really think about the meaning of the questions and his answers . If he could carve out his other behavior , in some respects , he 's not half-bad as a deponent . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	Danny Cevallos : Justin Bieber is petulant and sarcastic in a videotaped deposition Cevallos : Bieber should know this is not an interview : Interruptions just hurt his side Cevallos : Depositions are not soapboxes ; you are n't there to match wits and bicker Cevallos says all you say in a deposition is fodder for lawyers , so the less you say the better
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Zsa Zsa Gabor was rushed to a Los Angeles , California , hospital Friday because of "  complications " relating to her recent hip replacement surgery , her publicist said . Her husband called an ambulance to their Bel Air home to take the actress to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center on Friday afternoon , spokesman John Blanchette said . Gabor , 93 , had returned home on Wednesday , three weeks after undergoing surgery to replace a hip broken in a fall from her bed . Gabor has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , said her husband , Prince Frederic Von Anhalt . The crash happened when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . The glamorous Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her other husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge , " "  The Story of Three Loves " in 1953 , "  The Girl in the Kremlin " in 1957 and Orson Welles ' 1958 classic , "  Touch of Evil . "	Gabor suffered "  complications " from hip surgery The actress left the hospital 2 days earlier Zsa Zsa Gabor broke her hip in a fall from her bed in July
CNN  -- "  Get over there , girl , ca n't you read ? Stand in this line , " the customs agent , armed with a machine gun , barked at me while pointing her finger in my face . The female Afrikaans custom agent was apparently upset that I was n't moving along quickly enough . It was clear that she did n't like the looks of me because she refused to look me in the eye or answer my questions about where to go next . "  Girl , who does she think she is talking to ? " I asked my travel companion who was white and male . "  I do n't have to take that kind of rudeness from anyone . " But he begged me to keep my opinions to myself before I got arrested or worse . You see , it was 1992 and I had just landed in South Africa . And while Nelson Mandela may have been freed from prison in 1990 after 27 years , and the system of racial separation of apartheid was beginning to be dismantled with the opening of beaches and other public places by then-President F. W. De Klerk , the reality was that black people had a long way to go . Black Africans were not treated with any type of dignity or equality . The customs agent was holding on to the old ways and she made it clear . Back home while studying at Penn State , I 'd adorned myself head to toe in the colors of the African National Congress  black , green and gold  and joined the student protests against apartheid . We demanded that the university divest its holdings from all corporations that were doing business in South Africa , companies like IBM , General Motors and Coca-Cola . Students of all races and backgrounds around the world had joined the anti-apartheid movement . Shantytowns were erected , hunger strikes were begun and for the first time in my young life , I began to think about my generation 's collective power to force change . "  Divest Now . Free Nelson Mandela ! " were our battle cries back then . Honestly , I did n't really know much about South Africa and had just begun to learn about Nelson Mandela , who is revered today but was rarely mentioned in a favorable light back then . The story of his nation was never taught in any of my world history classes . After reading about his life and studying the history of South Africa , "  Madiba " became a hero and symbol of freedom for me and many of my generation . We were hungry for a courageous leader of our own , a civil rights movement of our own and a way to contribute our voices to the fight for freedom against the greedy , consumer-driven politics of the 1980s . Armed with a journalism degree and a desire to eradicate injustice , I set out to change the world . But I soon found out that it was naÃ ¯ ve to set such a lofty goal , considering I did n't truly understand anything about the world except what I 'd read in the newspapers . And I admit , protesting in the safe confines of elite college campuses is n't exactly radical . My African friends , who appreciated my good intentions , challenged me to dig deeper to understand their world . It was not enough , they said , to don the colors of the ANC and wave protest signs and rant against the headlines . "  If you really want to know our country and our struggle , go see it for yourself . Meet our people , live in our townships , not a fake Shantytown , and learn about the rich , vibrant culture of South Africa . " And that 's exactly what I did , much to the chagrin of my family , who feared that I might be killed in a protest , catch a horrible disease , or worse -- get trampled by an elephant . We were not a worldly family back then . For me , traveling to South Africa in the early 1990s before apartheid was fully dismantled was an eye-opening experience . The country at the time was a paradox of extremes -- a stunningly beautiful nation with an overabundance of natural resources . But the wealth that was generated was only benefiting the whites while the specter of civil war loomed . The white people were anxious and hostile at the quickly changing balance of power and threatened to flee the country , taking their wealth and corporations with them . Black Africans were hopeful after the release of Mandela but frustrated with what they saw as the slow pace of change . The chains of apartheid were still a very big part of their everyday lives . For me , living there in the townships with families -- both wealthy and poor -- of my South African friends changed my life and my perception of who I was as a black woman , and as a citizen of the world who had a responsibility to stand up to injustice . By experiencing their lives up close , I learned how much we had in common -- shared traditions and family stories , a deep love of music and even many family recipes . I was strengthened by the connection between my African ancestors and my American relatives ; they had the strength to survive against extreme oppression and the ingenuity and intelligence to prosper . In South Africa , I met courageous journalists who had risked their lives and lived in daily fear because they dared to speak out against apartheid . They taught me more about journalism ethics and reporting than any college course could . And I met loving mothers and young women and men who refused to let generations of oppression crush their determination to fight for freedom , or their joy for the small blessings in life . And I learned that though there are times when the best battle strategy is take up arms to fight your enemies , it is wiser in the long run to show grace in the face of hatred . Above all , Mandela showed the world that we can never be completely free until we free ourselves of hatred . When Mandela was elected president in 1994 , I wept with happiness for my newly found brothers and sisters . But I was also envious that their nation had come so far and united together to accomplish what I could never imagine in my lifetime in the U.S. -- a black president .  Well , I wrong on that one . So I say goodbye to Madiba and celebrate his life with the joyous lyrics of "  Black President " by Brenda Fassie , a nationwide hit that I first heard in South Africa at a celebration party after Mandela 's election . We danced out hearts out that night for our first black President , singing : "  Let us rejoice for our President . Let us sing for our president . Let us pray for our president . Let us sing , let us dance . For Madiba , Madiba 's freedom . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones : I visited South Africa after Nelson Mandela was freed from jail Jones : Apartheid was starting to be dismantled , but blacks had a long way to go When Mandela became president , she wondered if U.S. would have a black president Jones : Mandela showed us that we can never be free until we free ourselves of hatred
Washington  CNN  -- At pricey fundraisers -- where there 's plenty of freedom to offer an unvarnished view of the world away from the cameras -- President Barack Obama is sounding increasingly pessimistic about his party 's chances in the midterm elections . At a Thursday fundraiser at the Los Angeles home of actress Gwyneth Paltrow , Obama complained Democrats have a "  congenital disease " during midterm cycles , repeating a diagnosis he has used before . "  We get depressed too easily , " Obama joked . "  We 're terrible at paying attention to midterm elections , " he continued . The gloomy mood is understandable . Former top Cabinet secretaries , and even Jimmy Carter , are hammering his policies . Key Democratic candidates are avoiding him , and in at least one case , unwilling to say if she voted for him . Next month 's elections loom at a moment of great hand-wringing for the president 's party . Understanding full well Obama 's unpopularity is a drag on some Democrats in tight congressional races , White House officials are signaling to party leaders and campaign managers alike there will be no consequences should they run away from the president in order to win . Obama has yet to acknowledge his own weak standing with the public at any of his political events . Instead , the president appears to blame what he describes as obstructionist Republicans and a polarized , vapid news media . "  We live in such a cynical time , partly because of how the media is now structured , " Obama said at Paltrow 's home . "  We only listen to folks who feed our biases and our inclinations . And bad news tends to attract the most attention , " he added . At an earlier event in the day , Obama used stark language to label House Republican refusals to pass immigration reform "  suicide . " The president seemed to retool at least part of his midterm pitch , after declaring his policies are "  on the ballot " in November , a line that his former strategist David Axelrod called a mistake . In Hollywood , there was a re-write to that declaration . "  My name is not on the ballot , " Obama said in Los Angeles . "  But our values and our ideals ... are at stake , " he added , avoiding any reference to his "  policies . " Democratic candidates in critical races across the country are scrambling to distance themselves from both Obama and his policies , especially in the south where the president remains deeply unpopular . In Kentucky , Democratic Senate candidate Alison Lundergan Grimes refused to answer whether she had ever voted for Obama during an appearance before the Louisville Courier-Journal editorial board Thursday . "  You know , this election is n't about the president , " Grimes said . "  I was actually , in ' 08 , a delegate for Hillary Clinton , " she added . As he starts his own midterm push , the president is sticking to friendlier turf . In California , he made an unannounced stop at the campaign office of Democratic congressional candidate Ted Lieu , a state senator running for the seat vacated by outgoing Rep. Henry Waxman  D  California . "  California is right at the heart of the battle for control of the House , " Obama said to volunteers at Lieu 's call center . "  Because of just the day-to-day work you 're doing , making phone calls , making sure our voters turn out , answering people 's questions about what the issues are , it makes a difference -- that 's how I was able to get elected . " White House officials reject the notion that the president 's mood is grim . Obama 's message at upcoming public campaign events will likely differ in tone and substance from remarks he makes at fundraisers , another official added . Obama will campaign with Connecticut governor Dan Malloy on October 15 , White House officials announced Thursday . Obama 's advisers argue the president still has the ability to excite base Democratic party supporters who were instrumental to his two successful runs for the White House . Steering clear of Obama , they argue , is also a gamble . "  We 're not bringing him in to suppress voter turnout , if that 's what you 're asking , " Malloy quipped to the Connecticut Post . As soon as the president steps onto the stage in Connecticut , the president 's rhetoric will be placed under a microscope . "  Not a great way to go out of office , angry and blaming the system , " former presidential adviser and CNN political analyst David Gergen said . "  My sense of it is he 's on an emotional roller coaster , " Gergen added . Once the midterms are over , Gergen suggested a reshuffling of top White House staff to buoy the president 's prospects for his final years in office . "  If he shook it up a little bit , that would help , " Gergen said .	Obama sounds increasingly pessimistic about Democrats ' chances in the midterms Obama : "  We get depressed too easily " Democratic candidates in races across the country are distancing from Obama
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  -- Zara brushes her dark brown curls away from her face , nose scrunched up in concentration as she stares at the white board . She looks down to write and then pauses , placing her little finger on her chin in contemplation . Like a typical 7-year-old , her favorite part about school is the games . "  Hide and seek , " she says in English , giggling sheepishly . "  I like hide and seek . " But no matter how hard she tries , there are some things this little girl and her friends ca n't hide from . "  I am scared from the bombs , " she sighs . "  I am very afraid . " Read Arwa Damon 's blog entry about the children of Peshawar on Afghanistan Crossroads Zara lives in Peshawar , capital of Pakistan 's Northwest Frontier Province , tucked right up against the Khyber Pass next to Afghanistan . When the Pakistani military began its multiple offensives targeting its own homegrown militant networks in the tribal belt , the retaliation was felt in Peshawar . It was the residents of this ancient city of 3 million who bore the brunt of an ongoing brutal bombing campaign . Suddenly nothing was safe . People 's lives were shattered as the city found itself at the very core of Pakistan 's war on terror . A truck bomb in a popular marketplace frequented by women and children killed more than 100 people . Checkpoints sprang up all over the city , meant to instill a sense of security . But at the same time they created targets of opportunity as they and government buildings were regularly attacked . Zara 's school is tucked way down an alley off what once was Peshawar 's most popular modern market street . Just out front sits a checkpoint . These days her school door remains bolted , the bus drivers act as additional guards and parents are discouraged from coming . The school administration wants as few adults loitering around as possible , afraid of suicide bombers . But there is little the school can do to keep the children safe from the demons that haunt them . "  When there is an explosion , " Zara says , pausing before she continues , "  it feels like the Taliban are here . I imagine corpses are all lying on the ground . " Her eyes widen and she giggles . "  I get scared . " She may be laughing , but psychiatrists say it 's deadly serious : The children are confronting a faceless and unknown enemy . "  The exterior smile is a deception ; it 's the only coping mechanism the child has , " Dr. Rizwan Taj , a psychiatrist in Islamabad , says . "  The child needs counseling , protection , and they are not getting that . " The children simply do n't understand why their little world has been affected . The problem is , Rizwan explains , the parents can barely cope with the paralyzing fear that defines their lives . "  The confusion is n't just for the children . It 's for the adults , as well . The confusion for the adults as to why this is happening , why is this happening repeatedly , it trickles down to the children , " Rizwan says . And as those emotions intensify , people look for scapegoats . At Zara 's school we also meet 10-year-old Qainat . We ask her what she likes to do . "  I like to do painting and I like to ... " she pauses and looks away . "  But I do n't like America because she is so bad , and also India . " She says it 's what her parents are telling her , explaining that the Afghan refugees who have lived in the city for decades are n't responsible . Having children growing up in such an intense and charged atmosphere surrounded by so much violence can have detrimental effects on society . "  You will have a very insecure population , a population that can be easily polarized , " Rizwan says . He says it 's going to take a collective effort from the government , the media and the international community to prevent Pakistan 's next generation from being a lost generation materializing into a dysfunctional society . But Pakistan 's medical services are already stretched to the limit . So for the time being , Zara and her friends are left to their own devices , trying to survive in a world their elders ca n't even make sense of -- carrying with them the knowledge that each day could be their last .	Children in Peshawar live with effects of military offensives and militant retaliation Their smiles are how they cope with a faceless and unknown enemy , psychiatrist says As emotions intensify , people -- including the children -- look for scapegoats
CNN  -- The rising country duo Florida Georgia Line -- Tyler Hubbard , 25 , of Monroe , Georgia , and Brian Kelley , 27 , of Ormond Beach , Florida -- are already topping the country charts , and they have n't even released their debut album yet . "  Here 's To The Good Times , " which includes the hit tune , "  Cruise , " will hit stores December 4 . Not only do they have the support of fans , they 've been generating Twitter buzz from big time country acts : "  Ca n't stop playing cruise by @FLAGALine ! Crazy cool toon !!!!! " Keith Urban tweeted in September . Meanwhile , Taylor Swift posted , "  Doing interviews w / a song stuck in my head = "  Focus . Answer the question . BABY YOU A SONG , YOU MAKE ME WAN NA ROLL MY WINDOWS DOWN AND CRUISE . " Around the same time , Jennifer Nettles wrote , "  Confession : Fave new guilty pleasure on country radio : @FLAGALine "  Cruise " . I dance . Big , ole belly and all . If u like country , check it out . " The attention from country music 's heavy hitters has been quite the shout-out for Kelley . "  I think that 's probably the biggest compliment , when you look up and you see your peers you look to , love and respect ... Keith Urban , Jennifer Nettles , Taylor Swift . That 's one of those moments where you hit yourself and say -- are we dreaming ? " said Kelley . Despite making their name in country music , the duo cite hip-hop and rap as their biggest influences . "  Everybody in the high school parking lot was either blaring some country music or blaring rap -- and I guess over the years it just kind of comes together somewhere in the middle , " Hubbard said . "  There 's not really a genre for what we do , " he continued . "  We 're believers that music evolves , and we like to be on the cutting edge of music . " Hubbard and Kelley admit they dream of collaborating with Lil Wayne or Wiz Khalifa -- but they also have strong roots in country songwriting , having co-written many tracks from their debut album with veteran country songwriter Rodney Clawson . Clawson has written hit songs for George Strait , Jason Aldean , Blake Shelton and more . The duo were n't intimidated . "  We just walked in ... get to know each other and sip on some coffee , start trying to write a song -- you know , see what happens . It was really smooth and quick . Everything just kind of came out , " Hubbard said . "  The hardest part is getting Rodney off the lake to write a song , " joked Kelley . "  He loves some fishing . " The success of Florida Georgia Line 's debut single "  Cruise " landed them on tour with headliners Jake Owen and Love and Theft . "  So far , it 's probably been the best tour we 've been on . It 's been just great . We 're great friends with Eric , Steve in Love and Theft , and Jake . ... Memories are being made , " Kelley said . The duo are wrapping up their current tour in December , but will be joining fellow country artist Luke Bryan on tour in 2013 . Hubbard and Kelley started their current tour in a Chevy Tahoe . One of the things they 're looking forward to is upgrading vehicles . "  I 'm most excited about getting out there and experiencing a long tour in a tour bus and getting to hang out with Luke , " Kelley said . "  Every tour we go on , you always make really good friends with everybody out there . And by the end of the tour you feel like a family . "	Tyler Hubbard and Brian Kelley are the rising country duo Florida Georgia Line Veteran country songwriter Rodney Clawson co-wrote many of their songs But the pair say they dream of collaborating with rappers Lil Wayne or Wiz Khalifa "  Music evolves , and we like to be on the cutting edge , " says Hubbard
CNN  -- Costa Cruises is on the defensive again . The cruise line issued a statement Tuesday denying that it offered discounts on future cruises to passengers who were aboard Concordia when it ran aground . The statement was in response to news reports that the cruise line offered 30 % off on future travel to some survivors . "  The company has never offered any discount on future cruises to our guests who were on board Costa Concordia for the cruise of Jan. 13 and involved in the tragic accident , " Costa 's statement said , calling reports published by various news outlets "  unfounded . " An internal investigation into the reports that surfaced over the weekend revealed no evidence of discounts being offered to disaster survivors , said Buck Banks , Costa 's North American spokesman . "  There 's probably no way to know for sure as confused as things were in the hours just following the accident , " Banks said . "  I 'm not going to say mistakes could n't have been made , " he said . Banks said he was certain no discount offers were made to North American passengers . It must have been a mistake or miscommunication if any discounts were offered to survivors , said Dan Askin , an editor at cruising website CruiseCritic.com , noting that there 's no confirmation that such offers were made . The cruise line did offer 30 % off on future cruises to guests who were scheduled to sail on the Concordia from January 14 and beyond , which Askin called "  perfectly ordinary " compensation for people booked on cruises canceled because of an incapacitated ship . Costa is offering cancellation without penalty by February 7 to concerned passengers booked on other ships , the company 's statement said . Passengers involved in the Concordia disaster will receive full refunds for the cruise and all related expenses , Costa said Monday . All costs associated with travel to the port of embarkation and the return home , including transfer arrangements made independently of the cruise line , will be reimbursed , as will medical expenses , cash deposits and any expenses incurred on board . Costa said it will update passengers on the return of personal belongings and try to return valuables stored in cabin safes . The company has been following up on the emotional and physical well-being of affected passengers , the statement said , and talking with tourism trade associations and consumer protection groups to determine indemnity for passengers for the hardship endured . Costa had no comment on a class-action lawsuit against the cruise line and its parent company , Carnival Corp. , that Italian consumer group Codacons and two U.S. law firms plan to file in Miami . "  We 've been contacted by hundreds of victims and the numbers are growing moment by moment , " said Mitchell Proner , senior partner at Proner & Proner , one of two firms involved . The suit is seeking at least 125,000 euros  about $ 160,000  per passenger , Proner said .	Cruise line denies offering discounts on future cruises to survivors Costa did offer discounts to passengers set to sail January 14 and beyond Concordia passengers will be reimbursed for all expenses , Costa announced Indemnity for hardship suffered has not been determined
AOL Autos  -- Okay , you 've decided what model of car you want to buy . And you know , more or less , how much you want to spend -- or how much you can afford . You 've kicked tires , talked to salesmen , taken a few shiny new numbers for a test-drive and you 're ready to make the deal . If you eat in your car you may want to consider fabric or leather protections . Except , you 're not quite done . You still need to decide whether to buy any of those "  extras " that your salesperson will always suggest . Some of these extras have real value and are probably worth adding . Others ... maybe not so much . The list of "  extras " offered by most dealers , may include paint sealant , fabric protection/leather care , extended warranties , extended ` one price ' service contracts , rust/underbody coatings and anti-theft systems , to mention a few . We wanted to know which of these new car extras were worth it and which ones a consumer can do without . To get to the bottom of it , we thought we would consult an expert -- David Bennett , Manager of Automotive Programs for AAA . As it turns out , like most things in life , the answer often just comes down to what 's best for you , depending on your own situation , budget or locale . Let 's address these add-ons one by one : Paint sealant "  I think that most paint jobs on cars are pretty good these days , so in most cases you probably do n't need that anymore , " said Bennett , who offered one caveat . "  But that can depend on what part of the country you live in -- what the climate is , whether you get a lot of snow and ice , and what the road crews put down on the road -- whether it is salt , or if it is something that is less harmful to the paint . But generally , as long as you keep your car washed , and wash that salt off of it , and get it waxed regularly , that paint should last without getting the ` add-on ' sealer at the dealership . Also , if you get a chip or a ding , get it fixed so the rust does n't get a chance to set in and spread . " Fabric / leather protection These extras are fairly self-explanatory -- the dealer "  treats " the upholstered or leather seating with a "  protection " product that make the seats more resistant to stains or scuff marks . "  This can be a good purchase , but the first question you should ask before buying it is , ` What kind of lifestyle do I lead ? ' suggests Bennett . "  Do you have a lot of kids and are they prone to spill things ? Or is your vehicle mostly going to be occupied by adults ? " Do you eat in the car with some regularity ? If so , and you 're just too darn messy for your own good , a stain protection might be a good way to go . "  Also , look at exclusions in the plan , " advises Bennett . "  If you 're a smoker , and the plan excludes burn holes from cigarette ashes , and you 're not diligent about making sure your ash is always short , that might not be a good purchase because of that exclusion . Each of these policies or plans is probably offering something different , and you need to read all of the exclusions before making that purchase , because it might not be a good one for you . " If you want to save some cash , one option would be to forego the protectant and just make sure you clean your seats regularly with a good upholstery cleaner or leather cleaner . To remove spots from a leather seat , use a good leather cleaner and work it into the spot with a soft cloth . If the spot still remains , let it sit for a few hours . Repeat , as they say , if necessary . It 's also a good idea , to use a leather conditioner regularly on leather seats to restore moisture and to maintain its appearance . Rustproofing This is when the dealership applies various rust-inhibiting chemicals , waxes or sealers to the vehicle 's undercarriage . It can also be applied to other rust-prone areas . Rustproofing treatments sometimes include a guarantee over a certain number of years . Keep in mind that some guarantees require annual "  checkups " to re-apply the sealers or rust inhibitors to any areas where the rustproofing may have been damaged . "  I do n't think this is necessary in most cases , " opines Bennett . "  The way most vehicles are constructed today , they are not nearly as prone to underbody rusting as they used to be in the old days -- even in the north , where they get a lot of snow . " LoJack Car Security System / Anti-theft systems : The folks at LoJack Car Security Systems report that a vehicle is stolen every 25 seconds in the U.S. Using a car alarm is one way to protect your vehicle . But if you want to go the more high-tech "  tracking " route , using a security system like LoJack may give you more peace of mind . The LoJack System , includes a small radio frequency transceiver hidden in up to 20 different places in the vehicle . The System uses a code that is tied into the Vehicle Identification Number  VIN  . Then , when you report that your car has been stolen , the state police crime computer can match code against the state VIN database . This automatically activates the LoJack System in the vehicle -- emitting an inaudible signal . Then , police cruisers and aviation units that have the LoJack tracking system can identify the vehicle 's location , track it and recover it . LoJack claims that over 200,000 vehicles have been recovered worldwide using their system , with over 100,000 of those in the U.S. "  Whether or not this is a purchase you should make depends on various factors . If you live in a high-crime area , a system like this could provide you with peace of mind , " advises Bennett . "  But even if you live in a safe , low-crime district , your car can still be stolen from a busy downtown street or parking garage , " he notes . One caveat : Some car owners may not want their car back after it has been stolen , especially if it has been seriously vandalized , or if it has been driven so hard that it causes some mechanical problems . Another thing to consider is that owners of GM vehicles that come with its patented OnStar system , probably wo n't need a theft tracking program , says Bennett . "  Because the system allows OnStar operators to track the location of the vehicle if it is stolen . So if you buy a GM car with the OnStar system , you may want to pass on a LoJack or similar tracking system . " Extended warranties "  This really does depend on how long you plan to keep the vehicle , because most of these extended warranty plans do n't kick in until the manufacturer 's warranty expires , " advises Bennett . "  And these days , those manufacturers warranties are three or five years , sometimes longer . "  So if you plan on selling the car after three or five years , it probably does n't make sense to buy the extended warranty . " Some warranties offer transferable policies , which let you "  sell " the warranty along with the vehicle . Others allow you to "  return " the warranty for a pro-rated refund . Bennett also explains that not all warranties are created equal . "  They usually have three levels of warranties : A basic extended warranty will just cover the powertrain , for example ; while a better one will cover the powertrain plus some other components that are listed -- or an ` exclusionary ' extended warranty may say it covers everything except those items that are listed . At the top end , the best warranty just covers everything , but that is also the most expensive . " Bennett gives an example of one manufacturers warranty . "  For a 2007 Buick , the basic manufacturers warranty is five years or 100,000 miles for the powertrain coverage , and the corrosion warranty is six years or 100,000 miles . In fact , that 's the same warranty GM offers on their Chevy and Cadillac brands . " "  That 's a pretty good warranty , so if you plan on only keeping your vehicle for five years or less , the extended warranty is probably money you do n't need to spend . " E-mail to a friend	GM owners wo n't need LoJack because cars come with OnStar option Smokers considering fabric protection should check for policy exclusions But generally , as long as you keep your car washed you do n't need sealant Some warranties offer transferable policies that let you "  sell " it with car
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea has stepped up activity at its main nuclear test site , possibly preparing to carry out a fourth underground blast , South Korea said Tuesday . The report comes just days before U.S. President Barack Obama is due to arrive in South Korea as part of a visit to several Asian countries . "  We confirm that we have spotted several activities related to the nuclear test in Punggye-ri in North Korea , " the South Korean Defense Ministry said in a statement . It declined to specify what the activities were , saying the information was classified . The ministry said it had increased its military preparedness since Monday morning and was monitoring around the clock for signs of activity at the Punggye-ri site in a northeastern region of North Korea . North Korea said last month that it would n't rule "  a new form of a nuclear test " to strengthen its nuclear deterrent . Experts have speculated that that could refer to the testing of a uranium bomb . 3 previous tests The reclusive regime in Pyongyang is known to have conducted three previous tests , all of them believed to be based on plutonium . The most recent one took place February 2013 . The past tests prompted international condemnation and the imposition of sanctions aimed at hampering the North 's weapons program . Since the last underground detonation , South Korean officials have repeatedly said that they believe North Korea is ready to carry out another test at any time , pending a political decision to go ahead with it . "  A lot of activity is currently being seen , so our forces are keeping in mind the possibility that North Korea may suddenly conduct a nuclear test in a short period of time , or as in previous cases , deceive us with what appears to be a nuclear test , " Kim Min-seok , a spokesman for the South Korean Defense Ministry said Tuesday , according to the local news agency Yonhap . Obama visit ` dangerous ' The reports of activity come ahead of Obama 's South Korean visit , which begins Friday . The North Korean Foreign Ministry on Monday described Obama 's trip as "  a reactionary and dangerous one as it is aimed to escalate confrontation and bring dark clouds of a nuclear arms race to hang over this unstable region . " North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un 's regime carried out a series of missile and rocket launches in March , prompting condemnation from the U.N. Security Council . An artillery exercise on March 31 near the border with South Korea resulted in a brief exchange of fire between the two sides after North Korean ordnance landed in South Korean waters . North Korea 's series of provocative acts were seen as a response to joint U.S.-South Korean military drills in the region . The exercises take place each spring and regularly draw angry reactions from Pyongyang . Are suspected North Korean drones a threat to South Korea ? CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and journalist Stella Kim reported from Seoul .	NEW : It could be preparations for a test or deception , a South Korean official says The reported activity comes just days before President Obama is due to visit Seoul Pyongyang said last month that it would n't rule out "  a new form of nuclear test " North Korea 's last nuclear test in February 2013 was widely condemned
CNN  -- New film "  Neighbors "  Cinema Score : B  easily won the domestic box office battle this weekend . Seth Rogen , Rose Byrne , and Zac Efron 's frat comedy earned an estimated $ 51.1 million , making for a global total of $ 85 million so far . Last week 's No. 1 movie , "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 , " fell to second place , with a weekend gross of $ 37.2 million for a cumulative domestic gross of $ 147.9 million and a worldwide gross of $ 550 million . "  The Other Woman , " meanwhile , raked in $ 9.2 million for a domestic total of $ 61.7 million . EW : ` Godzilla ' - Fiat destruction ` did n't actually happen ' Here 's the Top 5 : 1 . Neighbors -- $ 51.1 million  domestic total : $ 51.1 million 2 . The Amazing Spider-Man 2 -- $ 37.2 million  domestic total : $ 147.9 million 3 . The Other Woman -- $ 9.25 million  domestic total $ 61.7 million 4 . Heaven Is For Real -- $ 7 million  domestic total : $ 75.2 million 5 . Captain America : The Winter Soldier -- $ 5.6 million  domestic total : $ 244.9 million Outside the Top 5 , "  Moms ' Night Out " earned $ 4.2 million in its first weekend and "  Legends of Oz : Dorothy 's Return "  opened with $ 3.71 million . New films in limited release included writer-director-star Jon Favreau 's culinary-themed concoction "  Chef , " which opened with $ 204,000 from six locations , and the James Franco-starring "  Palo Alto , " which took in $ 80,000 from four locations . Remember to check back next week to see just how large a footprint "  Godzilla " leaves on the box office . See the original story at EW.com .	"  Neighbors " knocked "  Spider-Man 2 " to second place "  Moms ' Night Out " earned $ 4.2 million James Franco-starring "  Palo Alto " opened in four theaters
CNN  -- Vincenzo Nibali became only the sixth man in history to win all three of cycling 's major tours as he sealed victory in this year 's Tour de France on the Champs Elysees Sunday . Nibali stayed out of trouble on the 137.5 km stage from Evry , which was won by German sprinter Marcel Kittel of the Giant-Shimano team . It left the 29-year-old Italian a commanding seven minutes 52 seconds ahead of runner-up Jean Christophe-Peraud with another Frenchman , Thibaut Pinot , in third . Astana 's Nibali joins illustrious company by adding to his earlier triumphs in the Giro d'Italia and Tour of Spain . Legends Eddy Merckx of Belgium , France duo Jacques Anquetil and Bernard Hinault , Nibali 's fellow Italian Felipe Gimondi and Alberto Contador of Spain are the only others to achieve the feat . Contador was one of the favorites for this year 's race , but crashed out , as did reigning champion Chris Froome of Britain . It left the way clear for Nibali , who served notice of his intentions with an audacious break to win the second stage in Sheffield in England and gained more time on the cobbled fifth stage where Froome exited . Nibali continued to dominate as the race went over the Alps and Pyrenees , winning three more stages to be a deserved winner after three grueling weeks . Crossing the line with his teammates , he went straight to his wife and baby daughter to celebrate with his family . "  It 's the most important and the best moment , I never imagined it could feel this good because when you find yourself on this podium on the Champs Elysees , it 's unique , " said Nibali . "  Now that I 'm here it 's even better than I imagined . I fought for this every day , I started building from a long way out with a winter preparation with the team because we had decided this was our objective . " Kittel , the star of the early stages of the Tour , used his raw sprinting power to match Nibali 's four wins this year , edging out Norway 's Alexander Kristoff with Ramunas Navardauskas of Lithuania third . Peter Sagan of Slovakia finished ninth , but had already wrapped up the green jersey for points leader despite failing to win a stage on the 2014 Tour . Kittel hinted he would be targeting green himself in future races . "  My goals wo n't change in the future , especially at the Tour de France , "  he told the official Tour de France website . "  I 'll go again for stage wins but I 'm not a man of records . I 've said in the past and I repeat that the green jersey can become an option in the future . " The 24-year-old Pinot , one of the great hopes of French cycling , took the white jersey for best young rider , with Rafal Majka of Poland winning the King of the Mountains classification .	Vincenzo Nibali wins Tour de France in Paris Italian stays out of trouble in 21st and final stage Stage won by Marcel Kittel of Germany Nibali sixth man to win all three Grand Tours
CNN  -- It is a gruesome scene , even in a country that has seen its share of violence : three men , beheaded , with wounds peppering their bodies on all sides . The most surprising part ? The attack happened inside a jail . A Brazilian newspaper on Tuesday released a video of this stomach-turning scene inside the Pedrinhas jail in Brazil 's northeastern state of Maranhao . The video was recorded on December 17 , the Folha de Sao Paulo newspaper reported , describing how "  other prisoners pose with the bodies , showing them off like trophies . " A union of jail workers gave the gory footage to the newspaper . Many will view the video simply for the shock value , but behind this incident is a myriad of problems in the Brazilian penal system that allow an environment where something like this could unfold . The Pedrinhas jail was already under scrutiny even before the video was made public . A judge visited the jail just days after the decapitations and wrote a report demanding that the state government regain control of the inmate population . In all , 62 inmates were killed inside Pedrinhas in 2013 . The judge , Douglas Martins , also documented violence against women , saying that female visitors were forced to have sex with the leaders of gangs inside the prison . "  The relatives of the powerless prisoners inside the jail are paying this price so that they wo n't be murdered , " Martins told Brazil 's judicial news agency . "  It is a serious violation of human rights . " Overcrowding is also a problem at this jail . There are 2,196 inmates at Pedrinhas , which was built to hold only 1,770 , according to state jail officials . At the root of the violence at Pedrinhas is fighting between two rival factions -- inmates from the state 's capital , and inmates from the interior of the state . In response , the federal government this week reached an agreement with the state to transfer the leaders of these warring factions to federal prisons , the state-run Agencia Brasil news agency reported . The woes at Pedrinhas are not unique to Maranhao state . Overcrowding and violence in jails are a problem in other parts of Brazil , as well as throughout Latin America . Along with the video , Folha de Sao Paulo identified the three decapitated inmates : Diego Michael Mendes Coelho , 21 ; Manoel Laercio Santos Ribeiro , 46 ; and Irismar Pereira , 34 .	A newspaper releases a video of a gory scene Three inmates were decapitated inside a jail Brazil 's jails face problems of violence and overcrowding
CNN  Blame it on Beyonce . Ever since the superstar songstress released her surprise self-titled album in December 2013 , it seems like dropping music with little to no fanfare has become a thing . The latest artist to do so is rapper Kendrick Lamar , whose eagerly awaited sophomore album was set for release March 23 . Instead , "  To Pimp a Butterfly " was made available on iTunes and Spotify early Monday . Lamar , who has been hailed as the savior of hip-hop , got a major shout-out from fellow artist Taylor Swift . Among the other artists who 've surprised fans : Drake The rapper thrilled fans in February when he snuck out "  If You 're Reading This , It 's Too Late . " Like Beyonce , he clued fans in via an Instagram post . The 17-track project was billed as a mixtape . The rapper also released a short film titled "  Jungle . " U2 The shock in the band 's album "  Songs of Innocence " was not only that it was released but that iTunes subscribers had no choice but to get it . Apple made the album part of an automatic download in October as part of the iPhone 6 announcement . U2 frontman Bono later apologized , and Apple distributed info to customers on how they could delete the album after some complained that the automatic download was invasive . David Bowie In 2013 , the legendary rocker unexpectedly released "  The Next Day . " It was his first new project in a decade , and fans were thrilled , as the famously private Bowie had been off the grid for a while . Wolfmother The Australian trio received much less attention than some others when they dropped "  New Crown " in March 2014 with no promotion or marketing . Kid Cudi The rapper 's "  Satellite Flight : The Journey to Mother Moon " arrived online in March 2014 and led Billboard to ask , "  Is the Beyonce approach working for other ` surprise ' albums ? " "  I wonder when this is done frequently , does the surprise factor wane ? " one executive told Billboard . "  If there are a lot of releases promoted this way , it will become less impactful . If mid-level and lower-level artists pile in , will the surprise get applied to the point where the public does n't care anymore ? "	Lamar 's new album was expected out March 23 but was released Monday instead Artists like Drake , David Bowie have released surprise albums
San Antonio , Texas  CNN  -- For Holly Hirshberg , gardening started as a way to bond with her children . But when the recession hit , her backyard hobby became a necessity . "  In 2008 , my husband lost his job just like many other Americans , and we were living off of our garden , " she said . Hirshberg and her family of four ate a variety of homegrown foods -- including broccoli , carrots , okra , squash and tomatoes -- so they could make ends meet . She was pleasantly surprised by how simple and healthful they were . "  It was nice to know that not only could I take care of  my family  out of what I grew in my garden , but I could take care of them really well , " she said . After realizing how much nutritious food she was able to grow , Hirshberg began collecting seeds from her garden and sharing them with others . In 2008 , she started The Dinner Garden , an organization that provides free packs of seeds to people so they can grow enough food to feed a family of four . Since its inception , The Dinner Garden has provided seeds to 65,000 families across the United States . "  When you 're having trouble or struggling , you have so many things to worry about , " said Hirshberg , 39 . "  How are you going to pay your mortgage ? How are you going to afford your medicine ... your kids ? If you know you have food , you do n't have to worry . " According to a 2009 report from the U.S. Department of Agriculture , 14.7 % of American households were "  food insecure " at least some time during that year . "  Food insecure " means all household members did not always have access to enough food for an active , healthy life . Hirshberg is hoping to help change that by making gardening simple and accessible to anyone . The Dinner Garden offers gardening supplies and tips , and its website lists locations throughout the United States where seeds are available for pickup . People can also fill out a seed request form online , and Hirshberg and her volunteers will send seeds directly to them . "  If you have a willingness to garden , we can help you find a way to do it , " Hirshberg said . "  The seeds do all the work . You put them in the ground , they will grow . ... With just a couple minutes a day , you really can grow a lot of food for your family . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes The Dinner Garden gets its seeds through donations from seed companies as well as some of the people it sent seeds to in the past . "  People who get seeds from us are some of our biggest donors . ... They save their seeds from the stuff they grow and donate back for us so they can help another family in need , " Hirshberg said . "  I love that . " Hirshberg 's evenings are often spent packing and labeling seeds , and she also runs volunteer seed-packing sessions . The packs of seeds are customized for recipients ' areas and climates to ensure they will have success growing the produce . "  We find between 10 and 11 varieties of seeds that will grow in their area , " Hirshberg said . "  We do melons and carrots , broccoli and all the good things , and then we throw in something interesting in each one ... to expose them to something new and different . " Hirshberg said she started to love vegetables after growing her own , and she believes that there is a veggie eater in everyone . "  What you see in the grocery store is such a small percentage of what 's available , " she said . "  A lot of tomatoes come in black and purple and striped . You can get the broccoli in purple ... or carrots that come in red ... that are more fun to eat , I think . " Seed recipients often call or write Hirshberg for information about gardening , and she tries her best to respond to all of them . "  We want to help people provide for themselves , " she said . "  Gardening is a skill that once you get it , you have that for the rest of your life . You can garden if you have a disability . You can garden if you 're blind . " Julie Autaubo lives with a disability but has found gardening to be a great way to cope . It has also helped her financially . "  I would not be able to afford vegetables if it was n't for my garden , " said Autaubo , 52 , who got her first seeds from The Dinner Garden and now volunteers with Hirshberg . "  I can grow tomatoes , eggplant , bell pepper in just flower pots . ... I 've got a trellis with cucumbers growing on it . If I want a carrot , I just go out to the garden and get a carrot . I do n't even have to leave my apartment . " Hirshberg said The Dinner Garden is n't just about the seeds and the food . It 's about keeping people healthy and giving them hope . "  It is about showing people another way to live , " she said . Bill Beam 's health had been deteriorating since a fall left him disabled last year . The 56-year-old said eating fresh food grown from The Dinner Garden seeds has helped him turn his life around . "  Ever since I hooked up with The Dinner Garden , I 've been doing a lot , lot better , " Beam said . "  My health improved . ... My diabetes and my blood pressure are finally under control after being sky-high for so long . " Ultimately , Hirshberg hopes that her work is helping families get ahead . "  Every pepper they have is a pepper they do n't have to buy , " she said . "  Every tomato they have ... that 's a little something less that comes out of the food budget . Maybe they have a little extra money for medicine for their pets , for rent . They just have a little bit extra . And so many families these days do n't have a little bit extra . " Want to get involved ? Check out The Dinner Garden 's website at www.dinnergarden.org and see how to help .	The Dinner Garden provides free seeds to people so they can feed a family of four The nonprofit was started by Holly Hirshberg , who turned to her garden during tough times Report : Nearly 15 % of American households were "  food insecure " in 2009 Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- More than 500 people have died in Belgium since the start of April , a higher-than-usual number which may be tied to a string of summer days with high temperatures , health authorities said Tuesday . Between April 1 and July 4 , a total of 520 people died across the country , said Bianca Cox , a scientific collaborator at the Scientific Institute of Public Health , which provides research on public health issues . It is not clear yet why they died , but researchers speculate it could be linked to the heat and lower concentrations of ozone levels , Cox said . "  There are no other real factors at the moment , " she told CNN . "  But of course , we ca n't be sure that all 520 deaths are due to heat . There will be some that are due to other causes . " The deaths were mainly among those 80 and older , she said , and many already had underlying conditions such as heart and respiratory problems . The elderly and those with health problems can be particularly susceptible to hot weather . There were 300 deaths in the last week of June and the first week of July alone , a week in which Belgium had unusually high temperatures of 25 degrees Celsius  77 degrees Fahrenheit  or higher for seven days in a row , Cox said . For three days that week , the country also had "  critical " levels of ozone , she said . For six days so far in July , temperatures at Brussels International Airport have topped 30 degrees Celsius  86 degrees Fahrenheit  , with a maximum of 33 degrees Celsius  91 degrees Fahrenheit  , CNN meteorologist Taylor Ward said . He added that the average high for this time of year is only 22 degrees Celsius  72 degrees Fahrenheit  . Ward said neither April nor May was terribly warm as a whole , with the highest temperature during either month about 26 degrees Celsius  79 degrees Fahrenheit  .	520 people have died in Belgium between April and July Researchers speculate the deaths are linked to high temperatures Many victims were older and had underlying health problems NEW : July temperatures have been abnormally high
Richmond , California  CNN  -- Investigators say as many as 20 people were involved in or stood and watched the gang rape of a 15-year-old girl outside a California high school homecoming dance Saturday night . Police posted a $ 20,000 reward Tuesday for anyone who comes to them with information that helps arrest and convict those involved in what authorities describe as a 2 1/2 - hour assault on the Richmond High School campus in suburban San Francisco . Two teenage suspects have been jailed , but more arrests , as many as 20 total , are expected , according to a police detective . "  We will be making arrests continually as we develop probable cause , " said Richmond Police Lt. Mark Gagan . "  With this number of people implicated in the incident we 're going to be making arrests on an ongoing basis . " As many as 10 people were involved in the assault in a dimly lighted back alley at the school , while another 10 people watched without calling 911 to report it , police said . A 1999 California law makes it illegal not to report a witnessed crime against a child , but the law applies only to children 14 and under . "  We do not have the ability to arrest people who witnessed the crime and did nothing , " Gagan said . "  The law can be very rigid . We do n't have the authority to make an arrest . " Charles Ramsey , a member of the Richmond school board , said the school district bears some responsibility for the attack . School administrators and police apparently were n't watching the area as they should have , Ramsey said . The school said it would hold a safety meeting for parents and students Wednesday evening to address the assault . The victim was found unconscious under a bench shortly before midnight Saturday , after police received a call from someone in the area who had overheard people at the assault scene "  reminiscing about the incident , " Richmond Police Lt. Mark Gagan said . The girl was flown by helicopter to a hospital where she was admitted in critical condition . She was in stable condition Tuesday , police said . Investigators canvassed the community with fliers , which included the reward offer , hoping to identify more suspects Tuesday . "  There is one individual in custody who has made some spontaneous statements that have led me to believe that he is culpable for what happened , " Richmond police Lt. Johan Simon said . Nineteen-year-old Manuel Ortega , described as a former student at the school , was arrested soon after he fled the scene and will face charges of rape , robbery and kidnapping , police said . A 15-year-old was later arrested and charged with one count of felony sexual assault . A third teenager was being interviewed , Gagan said . "  Based on witness statements and suspect statements , and also physical evidence , we know that she was raped by at least four suspects committing multiple sex acts , " Gagan said . "  As people announced over time that this was going on , more people came to see , and some actually participated , " Gagan said . The attack occurred on school grounds as the annual homecoming dance was under way inside the school Saturday night , authorities said .	10 people involved in assault , 10 others watched and offered no help , police say Richmond , California , police say student was gang raped for over two hours Former student , 19 , and 15-year-old arrested Victim , 15 , remains in the hospital in stable condition
President Barack Obama , in Hawaii for a weekend economic conference , said Saturday that leaders of nine nations have agreed on the "  broad outlines " of a trans-Pacific free trade agreement . The United States has been negotiating with Australia , New Zealand , Malaysia , Brunei Darussalam , Singapore , Vietnam , Chile and Peru to develop the Trans-Pacific Partnership  TPP  , which officials have said could eventually expand to include other nations . Speaking at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation  APEC  summit in Honolulu , Obama pushed the expanded trade deal as a way to help boost investment and exports , create jobs , and "  compete and win in the markets of the future . " The president is on a nine-day trip through the Asia-Pacific region that will include stops in Australia and Indonesia . "  I 'm very pleased to announce that our nine nations have reached the broad outlines of an agreement . There are still plenty of details to work out , but we are confident that we can do so . So we 've directed our teams to finalize this agreement in the coming year . It is an ambitious goal , but we are optimistic that we can get it done , " he said , according to remarks provided by his office . The next round of negotiations is scheduled for early next month . Obama said the TPP has the potential to be a model for future trade agreements elsewhere in the world , as it will address issues not covered in previous pacts . It will ensure that state-owned enterprises compete fairly with private companies and address trade and investment in digital technologies . Obama 's administration is taking care to highlight the importance of strong Asia-Pacific relations to the president 's efforts to create jobs domestically . "  The U.S. exports to this region are essential to the president 's goal of doubling U.S. exports in the next several years , " Ben Rhodes , deputy national security adviser for strategic communications , told reporters in a briefing this week . "  In fact , nearly all of the efforts that we 're going to be making towards that export goal take place in this part of the world . " The 21 members of APEC account for 55 % of the world 's gross domestic product , 43 % of world trade and 58 % of U.S. exports , according to the group . "  So I think when the American people see the president traveling in the Asia-Pacific , they will see him advocating for U.S. jobs and U.S. businesses , " Rhodes said . "  He will be trying to open new markets , and he will be trying to achieve new export initiatives , and he will be trying to foster a trade agreement through the , for instance , the Trans-Pacific Partnership , that takes us beyond the Korea Free Trade Agreement towards a multilateral agreement that , again , has very high standards to ensure that our interests are being protected . " During the weekend conference , Obama was also scheduled to have a discussion with business leaders , as well as side meetings with Russian President Dimitry Medvedev and Chinese President Hu Jintao . Obama met with Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda on Saturday . After a break Monday for a political fundraiser , Obama is scheduled to depart Tuesday for Australia and later Bali , Indonesia , where he will stress the U.S. role in the Asia-Pacific region and seek to reassure U.S. allies of the nation 's continued commitment to the region , Rhodes said . Speaking to business leaders on Saturday , the president addressed the need to campaign aggressively on behalf of the United States to boost business . "  We 've been a little bit lazy , I think , over the last couple of decades . We 've kind of taken for granted -- well , people will want to come here and we are n't out there hungry , selling America and trying to attract new business into America , " he said . "  We can do much better than we 're doing right now . "	Leaders agree on the outline of a trans-Pacific trade agreement The deal is expected to be finalized in the coming year , Obama says The president is in Hawaii for a weekend Asian-Pacific economic conference He is on a 9-day trip that will also take him to Australia and Indonesia
CNN  -- CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " tells the stories of girls across the globe and the power of education to change the world . Are you inspired to help the cause of girls ' education around the world ? You can make an impact in many ways , but by just being aware of the issue , you can spread the word . By acting in your own community , you can make a global difference . More about Girl Rising GIVE CNN and Impact Your World do n't accept donations but do help you find reputable places to give your money and time . "  Girl Rising " is the centerpiece of 10x10 , a global campaign to educate and empower girls . It has created the 10x10 Fund for Girls ' Education . Donations to this fund are distributed evenly among the film 's nonprofit partners . Many of the girls profiled in the film were helped by these organizations , and the groups continue to work for girls ' education in developing countries . As little as $ 50 can educate a girl for a year . The film 's seven nonprofit partners are : A New Day Cambodia is a nonprofit organization providing shelter , food and education to Cambodia 's garbage dump scavenger children . Sokha , who is featured in "  Girl Rising , " was one of those children . CARE USA works to help educate girls in some of the poorest , most desperate parts of the rural areas in the mountains of Peru . Senna from "  Girl Rising " was helped by this organization . GirlUp -- United Nations Foundation is a campaign inspiring American girls to take action for girls in countries such as Ethiopia , Guatemala and Liberia who face a lack of access to education and are susceptible to child marriage , high maternal death rates and HIV infection . Partners in Health has worked in places such as Haiti , Rwanda , Malawi and Lesotho . They try to help all children , especially girls , receive the health care and social support needed to go to school . Wadley from "  Girl Rising " benefits from Partners in Health 's work in Haiti . Plan International USA tries to give girls around the world access to food , water , education , financial security and protection from sexual violence and exploitation . Yasmin , the girl in Egypt in "  Girl Rising , " was part of a Plan International USA program helping to keep street girls safe . Room to Read focuses on helping young girls develop literacy skills and a habit of reading . Their hope is to create a legacy of gender-equal education in developing countries such as Nepal and Cambodia . Suma from "  Girl Rising " had the chance to learn because of Room to Read . World Vision supports girls ' education in many countries through many initiatives . Two of the girls in "  Girl Rising " are World Vision-sponsored children : Ruksana from India and Azmera from Ethiopia . SHARE You can also take action by speaking out . What 's one thing you would tell girls of the world about education ? Share your message in an open letter to girls of the world on CNN 's iReport . and you could be part of CNN 's coverage . Join the conversation about "  Girl Rising " on CNN , Facebook , Twitter and around the Web . Follow #GirlRising to tweet celebrities , big names in the girls ' education field , CNN talent and everyday people around the world who just want to make a difference . If you have questions or story ideas related to girls ' education and "  Girl Rising , " e-mail ImpactYourWorld @CNN . com . RISE UP IN YOUR COMMUNITY The 10Ã -- 10 group has partnered with a film distribution service to allow anyone to book "  Girl Rising " into movie theaters across the country . But it will only come to your community if enough people reserve tickets to see it . The money raised from tickets goes to the 10x10 Fund . To host a screening of the film "  Girl Rising " in your community CLICK HERE . More from 10x10 More from CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising "	You can help the girls like the ones featured in CNN 's "  Girl Rising " The 10x10 Fund is split equally among the seven nonprofit partners of "  Girl Rising " You can make an impact for girls ' education when you give , share and rise up
CNN  -- On Wednesday , April 2 , the United States Supreme Court ruled that any cap on the overall amount a person can spend to influence an election is unconstitutional . Following on the heels of the court 's previous decision in Citizens United , the McCutcheon ruling will allow unlimited spending to influence our nation 's political process . In the words of Justice Stephen Breyer , who wrote the dissent in the McCutcheon case , the ruling "  eviscerates our nation 's campaign finance laws , leaving a remnant incapable of dealing with the grave problems of democratic legitimacy that those laws were intended to resolve . " You should n't need money or connections to get a fair shake in our justice system . That 's the very essence of our American creed . And yet we know that even with previous restrictions , money had a corrupting influence on our democracy . A Federal Election Survey found that 82 % of Americans were worried about special interests buying elections . Three in five Americans thought Congress was already more likely to vote in ways that please their financial supporters , while only one in five Americans thought Congress votes in the best interest of constituents . Several studies find money gives you access to members of Congress and their staff : Contributors have disproportionately better access . And these studies were conducted before the McCutcheon decision , when the total donations to candidates , parties or PACs within an election cycle were still limited at a whopping $ 123,000 . This decision benefits those who have that kind of money , not the everyday campaign contributor . The court upheld the law that puts a $ 5,200 cap on conventional individual contributions to a single candidate . But without the $ 123,000 overall limit , imagine how much worse it will be when a single wealthy donor can contribute $ 3.5 million to a political party and its candidates . What we have politely called "  influence " up until now will become nothing short of bribery . It 's hard enough to get the people 's will through Congress as is . As is , 90 % of Americans want stronger gun safety laws and yet gun-industry political contributions hobble legislative momentum . And 72 % of voters want to raise the minimum wage -- including a majority of Republicans -- but campaign spending and lobbying by the low-wage fast food and retail industry is stymieing progress in Congress there as well . More than half of Americans want the federal government to limit power plant emissions and take other steps to curb climate change , moves opposed by the wealthy â $ " and politically generous â $ " oil and gas industry . On issue after issue after issue , the will of the American people is already up against the often-insurmountable obstacles created by well-heeled corporations armed with campaign contributions . And now it 's just going to get worse . An analysis by the organization Demos found that the McCutcheon ruling could release more than $ 1 billion in additional election spending from wealthy donors through 2020 . The community activist group CREDO Action has launched a campaign to send NASCAR-like judge robes covered in corporate sponsorship logos to the five Supreme Court justices who voted for Citizens United and now the McCutcheon decision . Instead of protecting the marginalized and disenfranchised in America , the five conservative justices have manipulated our Constitution to create new rights and give even more power to our nation 's wealthiest individuals and corporations . In 1816 , Thomas Jefferson wrote , "  I hope that we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations , which dare already to challenge our government to a trial of strength , and bid defiance to the laws of our country . " But rather , thanks in part to the Supreme Court ruling in McCutcheon , it is now we the people who have been definitively crushed . As has our democracy .	U.S. Supreme Court rules cap on aggregate amount of election donations is unconstitutional Sally Kohn : This benefits people who have the most money to buy the most influence Kohn : Money gives you disproportionately better access to Congress members and staff Kohn : Massive amounts of money and lobbying overturns the will of Americans on issues
InStyle  -- Drew Barrymore keeps evolving -- from star to producer , and now director . Drew Barrymore sat down with InStyle for its October issue , on newsstands Thursday . The 34-year-old actress earned critic 's attention with her uncanny portrayal of "  Little Edie " Beale in HBO 's "  Grey Gardens , " and her directorial debut , "  Whip It , " has been hailed as a success well before it rolls into theaters October 2 . But , at her core , she 's still the irresistible free spirit we all know and love , as she revealed in the October issue of InStyle . On being a celebrity ... Barrymore said that while she loves her life , there are still moments she battles with being a celebrity . "  Some days I want nothing more than a brilliant mask so I could look like someone else and go wander the streets and be free , " she said . "  I 'm very peeved that Halloween only comes once a year . " On exercise ... When it comes to transforming her body for a role , as she did for "  Grey Gardens , " the sunny actress is nothing but dedicated . But in everyday life , Barrymore aims for balance and body acceptance . "  I do n't have the time or discipline or interest in having a perfect-10 body . I work out , I eat right , but I 'll always be a little bit of Jell-O on a pole . " On her relationship with her mom ... Barrymore admitted her relationship with her mom is a topic she does n't readily discuss , but the central love story between a girl and her mom in "  Whip It " caused Barrymore to reflect on her relationship . "  I am OK with my dad , but my mom and I have yet to work it all out , " she said , adding that she does n't talk about it because "  how do you talk about something you 're confused about ? " On girl power ... From "  Charlie 's Angels " to her new all-girl roller derby flick , it 's no secret that Barrymore champions female friendships . "  I like teams -- I like buddies . I do n't understand women who are competitive , apart from positive forums like athletics . One person is a powerful thing , but a tribe is unstoppable . " On her first fashion faux pas ... Barrymore is known for her ever-evolving , ever-eccentric style , but said anything she donned during the "  E.T. " era can be labeled as a fashion faux pas . Or can it ? "  Velour and taffeta , together ? Oh , no , no , no . Now I think it 's brilliant . " On her first broken heart ... Barrymore recently broke up with The Strokes ' drummer Fabrizio Moretti , and called the five-year relationship one of the most important in her life . But when it comes to her first broke heart , Barrymore said it was her "  first big boyfriend , Jamie Walters . " Read the full interview with Barrymore in the October issue of InStyle , on newsstands Thursday . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Drew Barrymore talked first boyfriends , fashion and girl power in October 's InStyle Barrymore admitted that her relationship with her mother is hard for her to talk about While she loves her life , she sometimes wishes that she could be someone else The full interview hits newsstands Thursday
CNN  -- Fresh faced and pictured wearing a crisp military uniform , the photo of a young Jim Tuckwell looks like it was taken before he 'd seen action . But in fact , at the age of just 22 , he had already experienced the full horrors of war . World War II veteran Jim Tuckwell as a young soldier . Shot twice on Gold beach during the Normandy Invasion or "  D-Day landings , " Tuckwell was later deafened by a shell that blew off his friend 's legs nearby . By the end of the war , the British soldier had been promoted to the rank of full sergeant , as he put it , simply because so many of his seniors had been killed . Now 86-years-old , he and many of his former comrades will remember the 65th anniversary of the landings Saturday at ceremonies along the French coast . It was a massive air and sea operation that marked the turning point of the war in Europe . And he knows how lucky he is to be alive . "  My mate Jimmy went up the beach with two cases of bombs . I never saw him again . If I had n't been hit , who 's to say I would n't have been in the same position as he was when he was killed ? " With bullet wounds to his chest and arm , Tuckwell collapsed unconscious on the beach . It was more than nine hours later that he was picked up by the stretcher-bearers . Incredibly , he was back fighting within six weeks . Watch Tuckwell tell his story " So much time has passed since then , but the pain is still etched into his face . Sitting there in full military uniform , blazer adorned with half a dozen medals , his voice frequently cracks with emotion . He frequently tails off as he relives the past . "  Every time I go back to Normandy I go to his grave , and it brings a tear to me eye even now . We were going do so much after the war ... but it never happened . " Tuckwell , who saw action with the 1st Battalion , Dorset Regiment , has since formed a close friendship with Frank Rosier ; they are members of the Normandy Veterans Association . Both men say their experiences were so commonplace among their generation that none were able to talk about it until 40 years later . Rosier told me that what he and the veterans discuss among themselves is very different to what is said in television interviews ; but when pushed , he describes what it 's like to kill another man . "  We could never get our fathers to talk about the first World War , because they were involved in close combat . And twice in the second World War it happened to me . "  I came face to face with a German , and I beat him to the draw . I killed him . I sat on the grass and was sick and I cried ... he was some mother 's son . " I get the sense that there was a great deal of respect between these soldiers and the Germans on the other side . Younger generations try to relate to the scale and the carnage of D-Day through movies like "  Saving Private Ryan . " The veterans talk of the noise , "  big battleships firing , rocket ships firing , mortars landing , planes strafing , floating artillery and the Germans were totally unsociable about it , they were firing back at us , so there was a hell of a lot of noise there , " recalls Rosier . They are lighthearted at times , citing the fact that British troops are renowned for their humor -- even in the darkest hours . But it is impossible to gloss over the horror and the danger they faced . Standing together in one of the landing crafts at the D-Day museum in Portsmouth , England , Rosier described what it was like to approach Gold beach . Watch Rosier 's full interview " He spoke of the bullets thundering into the sides of the craft , a ramp on one side hitting a mine and being disabled , and the knowledge that when the front ramp was dropped , the troops inside would be peppered with machine gun fire . He and his infantry were lucky that day - making it onto the beach with minimal loss . But as he told me later , of the 800 men in his infantry , only five survived the war unharmed , "  the rest were killed , missing or wounded . " Rosier , who fought with the 2nd Battalion , Gloucestershire Regiment , bears the visible scars of battle . He lost an eye to a shrapnel wound -- a ` Blighty one , ' meaning that he was taken home to recover in Britain -- and has had to live with the psychological trauma of facial disfigurement . But it 's the pain of the ones they left behind that hurts the most . "  There was no time to mourn , you did n't have time to mourn , " said Tuckwell . "  And the worst thing about later battles was that when you lost people , you normally had to bury them yourself . You could n't leave the bodies on the ground , there was nowhere else to put them . " Rosier added : "  When your best friend gets killed it is surprising how hard you can become on a battlefield , I think you switch your mind off . My best friend , we called him Smokey Joe , Battersea boy , London boy , he was 18 years when he died . "  At the time I just said ` oh Reggie is gone , ' but ... I will be going back to Normandy and I will see his grave and cry . I have never figured out why I a mourn him now and not at the time . To lose a brother is a terrible thing and he was a brother . I lost two actual brothers in the war , but I miss Reg a lot . " There was so much pain , so much suffering and such massive loss of life . Was it worth it ? Rosier 's response is emphatic . "  Yes , every minute of it . We go back to Europe quite frequently , and even in Germany people say to us ` thank you for our freedom ' . It is only in recent years that I have realized how important freedom really is , you ca n't taste it , you ca n't feel or hear it . But it is so important to be free . "	D-Day soldiers remember the horrors of war and fallen comrades One tells how he survived despite being wounded storming Gold beach Another says he still mourns his best friend and cried after killing a German soldier President Obama attending 65th anniversary services in France Saturday
CNN  -- A 4-year-old Ohio girl who vanished more than three weeks ago was found alive and in good condition , halfway across the country in southern California , authorities said . Haylee Donathan was found with her mother and her mother 's boyfriend , fugitive sex offender Robbie Potter . Haylee Donathan , her mother Candace Watson and Robbie Potter were discovered hiding for the past week at The Morning Star Ranch , a retreat in Valley Center , near San Diego , said Peter Elliott , United States Marshal for the Northern District of Ohio . Potter is a registered sex offender , officials said . He was being sought by the U.S. Marshal 's Service . Late Tuesday Haylee was in the custody of a children 's protective services agency in the San Diego County area , Elliott said . She was doing well but may have chicken pox , he added . "  We understand she is healthy and happy and I believe , waiting to come back to her grandmother here , " he said . Watch authorities announce their find " The journey west took them more than two thousand miles from Mansfield , the north-Central Ohio city where the girl and her mother live . "  I am very happy that my granddaughter 's coming home , " said Mary Watson , Haylee 's grandmother . "  And I just want to thank all of you from the bottom of my heart . " Watson , 24 , and Potter , 27 , were arrested without incident and held by the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department . When asked their reaction , Elliott said , "  I believe a little shocked that we were able to find them . " Potter and Watson were still using the same vehicle , a 1980s blue Chevrolet pickup truck they drove from Ohio , Elliott said . Watson 's hair was a bit darker and Potter also changed his appearance slightly . Authorities had feared Haylee was endangered . Potter , a sex offender , had escaped a half-way house on May 28 , the day the girl and her mother fell out of sight . Countless tips came in while they were missing but one in particular led to the breakthrough on Tuesday , Elliott said without elaborating . But a tip from members of the ranch could have lead to the raid and arrest , a ranchmember told CNN . Kevin Carlin , a member of the ranch in the neighborhood of Valley Center , told CNN in a telephone interview that ranch members became suspicious when a former ranch guest saw billboards urging help in finding Haylee and the two adults . Elliott also praised intense national news coverage from programs such as HLN 's Nancy Grace and Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell , as well as local media and Clear Channel , which put up missing child billboards across the country . When she is returned to Ohio , Haylee will be placed in the custody of her grandmother , Elliott said . The U.S. Marshals Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force had offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of 27-year-old Potter . Potter was wanted on a state warrant for parole violation and a federal warrant for probation violation . He is a convicted tier three sex offender , according to the U.S. Marshals Service , a unit of the Justice Department . While on the run , Potter and Watson were reportedly seen on surveillance video on May 31 at a Wal-Mart Store in Marion , Ohio , 40 miles from Mansfield . Haylee was not on that video . Adding to concerns , Watson 's roommate , Samantha Covert , said last week in an interview on Nancy Grace that she saw the little girl in bed with her mother and Potter the morning they disappeared . Covert said Watson carried a basket of clothing , pillows and blankets . Watson will likely face state charges , including harboring a fugitive , according to Elliott . In addition to other charges , he said Potter may be prosecuted under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act , a federal sex offender registration and self-reporting law that carries a multi-year felony sentence if violated . On its Web site , the Morning Star Ranch describes itself as "  a community of growers of organic , pesticide-free avocados , grapefruit , persimmons , nuts , and other produce . " Elliot said he believed it is a rehab facility and also called it a Christian retreat .	Missing Ohio girl found alive near San Diego , California , authorities say Tip led authorities to raid communal farm Haylee Donathan was with mother , boyfriend who 's a fugitive sex offender Haylee , mother were last seen May 28
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- An outraged sheriff in Illinois who refuses to evict "  innocent " renters from foreclosed homes criticized mortgage companies Thursday and said the law should protect victims of the mortgage meltdown . Cook County , Illinois , Sheriff Thomas J. Dart says too many renters are being evicted for landlords ' problems . Sheriff Thomas J. Dart said earlier he is suspending foreclosure evictions in Cook County , which includes the city of Chicago . The county had been on track to reach a record number of evictions , many because of mortgage foreclosures . Many good tenants are suffering because building owners have fallen behind on their mortgage payments , he said Thursday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  These poor people are seeing everything they own put out on the street . ... They 've paid their bills , paid them on time . Here we are with a battering ram at the front door going to throw them out . It 's gotten insane , " he said . Watch Dart slam mortgage companies " Mortgage companies are supposed to identify a building 's occupants before asking for an eviction , but sheriff 's deputies routinely find that the mortgage companies have not done so , Dart said . "  This is an example where the banking industry has not done any of the work they should do . It 's a piece of paper to them , " Dart said . "  These mortgage companies ... do n't care who 's in the building , " Dart said Wednesday . "  They simply want their money and do n't care who gets hurt along the way . "  On top of it all , they want taxpayers to fund their investigative work for them . We 're not going to do their jobs for them anymore . We 're just not going to evict innocent tenants . It stops today . " Dart said he wants the courts or the state Legislature to establish protections for those most harmed by the mortgage crisis . In 1999 , Cook County had 12,935 mortgage foreclosure cases ; in 2006 , 18,916 cases were filed , and last year , 32,269 were filed . This year 's total is expected to exceed 43,000 . "  The people we 're interacting with are , many times , oblivious to the financial straits their landlord might be in , " Dart said . "  They are the innocent victims here , and they are the ones all of us must step up and find some way to protect . " Watch sheriff announce he wo n't evict innocent tenants " The Illinois Bankers Association opposed the plan , saying that Dart "  was elected to uphold the law and to fulfill the legal duties of his office , which include serving eviction notices . " The association said Dart could be found in contempt of court for ignoring court eviction orders . "  The reality is that by ignoring the law and his legal responsibilities , he is carrying out ` vigilantism ' at the highest level of an elected official , " it said . "  The Illinois banking industry is working hard to help troubled homeowners in many ways , but Sheriff Dart 's declaration of ` martial law ' should not be tolerated . " Dart was undeterred Thursday . "  I think the outrage on my part with them -LSB- is -RSB- that they could so cavalierly issue documents and have me throw people out of homes who have done absolutely nothing wrong , " Dart said . "  They played by all the rules . "  I told them , ` You send an agent out , you send somebody out that gives me any type of assurance that the appropriate person is in the house , I will fulfill the order . ' iReport.com : How hard have foreclosures hit your neighborhood ? "  When you 're blindly sending me out to houses where I 'm coming across innocent tenant after innocent tenant , I ca n't keep doing this and have a good conscience about it . "	NEW : Sheriff : ' I ca n't keep doing this and have a good conscience about it ' Sheriff Thomas Dart says he is suspending foreclosure evictions in Cook County Illinois Bankers Association opposes plan , says sheriff could be found in contempt Cook County on pace to exceed 43,000 foreclosure cases this year
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities deployed more than 1,000 additional police officers to reinforce security at the capital 's 175 subway stations on Saturday , a day after a shooting inside a station left two people dead and eight injured at the height of evening rush hour . Camera footage shows Luis Felipe Hernandez Castillo brandishing a gun . The shooting at the Balderas station in central Mexico City happened after police stopped Luis Felipe Hernandez Castillo , 38 , from writing graffiti on the wall of one of the subway platforms . Five of the injured suffered gunshot wounds , and three others were hurt by the stampeding crowds , officials said . Hernandez Castillo was writing "  Este gobierno de criminales , " or "  this government of criminals , " Mexico City district attorney Miguel Angel Mancera said . As police tried to stop him , Hernandez Castillo drew a .38 special handgun and began firing . Mancera said his first impression of Hernandez Castillo is that he may suffer from mental illness . "  One moment he is talking about global warming and then about the message of the Bible and suddenly he focuses on some government , " Mancera said . Authorities identified Hernandez Castillo as an agriculturalist from the state of Jalisco . Hernandez Castillo also told investigators that he believed a great famine would come , and he traveled to Mexico City to relay a message , Mancera said . Earlier this month , a Bolivian pastor hijacked a passenger jet in Mexico City with a fake bomb , claiming that he acted on a divine revelation to warn people of a forthcoming earthquake . Mancera said Hernandez Castillo was aware of the hijacking , but that the two events were not connected . Hernandez Castillo said he opened fire because he saw the police as a threat to his task of writing on the wall , Mancera said . Preliminary tests show that Hernandez Castillo was not under the influence of alcohol or drugs during the incident , Mancera said . The Mexican government on Saturday posted security camera footage of the shooting . It shows a busy subway platform as the train pulls into the station just before 5:15 p.m. Friday . As the train comes to a stop , there is a disturbance in the crowd , and Hernandez Castillo is seen shooting at an officer . Watch the dramatic incident unfold " The crowd disperses , and the officer runs out of view of the camera . The officer , who was a bank policeman , is later seen on the footage lying dead , face down on the platform . Authorities identified the officer as Victor Manuel Miranda Martinez . The footage shows a man in a white shirt running off the train and trying to wrestle Hernandez Castillo . The man chases Hernandez Castillo around the platform . He frequently falls either because he slips or is trying to avoid being shot . The man is on the floor facing Hernandez Castillo , about to get up and try to grab him , when he is shot in the head and falls to the ground . Mancera initially said the man was a federal security agent in plain clothes , but later clarified that the man was a civilian , a 58-year-old construction worker . A scattered handful of people remain on the subway platform during the shooting . Some stay on the train . Others walk on the platform very close to the shooter , seemingly undisturbed . Seven minutes later , the camera pans out to show the construction worker lying on his back and the bank police officer in the foreground . Hernandez Castillo remains on the train , occasionally firing his gun and peeking out of the train . At 5:23 p.m. , the camera shows first one , then two , then three plain-clothes police getting into position on the platform . Within moments they rush Hernandez Castillo and pull him out of the train , with nearly a dozen police officers then wrestling him to the ground . Hernandez Castillo was treated at a hospital for a bullet wound to the right shoulder before being transferred to the local attorney general 's office , a common place to hold prisoners during preliminary investigations , a spokesman for the attorney general said . He faces two counts of murder and one count each of attempted murder , aggression , resisting arrest and disturbing the peace , said the spokesman , who declined to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the press . CNN 's Esprit Smith in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Shooting took place at the Balderas station in central Mexico City Luis Felipe Hernandez Castillo , 38 , had been writing graffiti When police tried to stop him he drew a gun and began firing Witnesses heard Hernandez Castillo yelling anti-government slogans
CNN  -- Thursday 's massacre of 11 students at a Brazilian school could have been even worse , were it not for the heroic actions of a military policeman , according to a statement from the Rio de Janeiro state governor 's office . Third Sgt. Marcio Alexandre Alves , 38 , and a colleague raced to the Municipal School Tasso da Silveira in Realengo after they were approached by a student two blocks away from the school , who asked them for help , the governor 's office said . Upon arriving at the school , Alves heard gunshots and quickly climbed to the second floor . There , he confronted the heavily armed gunman coming out of a classroom , keeping the suspect from ascending to the third floor , where there were more students , the statement said . Alves said he shot the gunman in the abdomen . When the suspect fell , he committed suicide by shooting himself in the head , according to the statement . At that point , Alves looked for a second suspect he had heard was in the building , but that information turned out to be unfounded , the governor 's office said . Alves , an 18-year veteran of police work , said seeing the slain children gave him a great feeling of sadness . "  Scenes that will not be easily erased from my memory . I have a son that age , " Alves said . "  But it was also a sense of accomplishment . I wish I would 've arrived there sooner  to save more children  . Had I gotten there five minutes earlier , I could have avoided some deaths , " the statement said . Brazil 's president has announced three days of national mourning . Beyond the 11 students killed , another 13 were injured , four of whom were in critical condition , Rio Health Secretary Sergio Cortes said . The Rio de Janeiro Civil Police released the names of nine of the massacred students to Agencia Brasil . the official state-run media . They are : Karine Chagas de Oliveira , 14 Rafael Pereira da Silva , 14 Milena dos Santos Nascimento , 14 Mariana Rocha de Souza , 12 Atanazio Larissa Santos Bianca Tavares Rocha , 13 Luiza Paula da Silveira , 14 Laryssa Silva Martins , 13 Gessica Guedes Pereira "  The greatest difficulty is the family 's pain . It is very hard to identify a son or a daughter in a situation like this , " Cortes said . "  It 's a state of general commotion here , families , doctors , everyone . " Several of the children will be buried Friday at locations and times still to be determined , Agencia Brasil reported . Municipal School Tasso da Silveira is in the northern Rio neighborhood of Realengo , a middle - and lower-middle-class area located between the Pedra Branca and Mendanha mountains . The school is now a crime scene , and will remain so for an undisclosed amount of time , police said . The government said the gunman was Wellington Menezes de Oliveira , 23 , a former student at the school . He was allowed to enter the school by saying he was there to obtain transcripts . According to CNN affiliate TV Record , Menezes de Oliveira entered the school in the morning armed with two handguns and began shooting at children and school personnel . He was firing "  indiscriminately , " Agencia Brasil said . There were reports that he had left a letter behind that mentioned he had HIV , Agencia Brasil said . Other details from the letter were not immediately disclosed and the gunman 's motive remained unclear . The Rio government said they found no previous criminal record of Menezes de Oliveira . An amateur video posted on YouTube showed the police arriving at the school as onlookers watched from the front of the school . Repeated high-pitched screams can be heard as students begin sprinting out of the school in a line . One girl runs by with her shirt stained red around her abdomen . Another has what appears to be blood soaking her shoulder . The injured were transported to the Albert Schweitzer Hospital , where Agencia Brasil reported helicopters were waiting in an adjacent field , ready to transport the more seriously injured to other facilities . Police used some of those helicopters to move the victims , the government of Rio said . Rio de Janeiro 's Hematology Institute , which coordinates the distribution of blood for transfusions , put out a call via Twitter for donations to the hospital . Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff said she was "  shocked " by the attack and had "  great concern " about the incident . She said mass shootings were rare in Brazil . "  It 's uncharacteristic for our country to have this type of crime , " she said in a speech . "  For that reason , I consider that all of us are united in rejecting this type of violence , especially against defenseless children . " Rio 's governor , Sergio Cabral , called the gunman a "  psychopath . " "  I agree that we have an obligation to give solidarity and support to the families of the young victims of this psychopath , " he said . The school where the shooting happened is a public school with about 800 students . CNN 's Rafael Romo and journalists Luciani Gomes and Catalina Arica contributed to this report	NEW : Sgt. Marco Alexandre Alves is being called a "  hero " by Rio 's governor for confronting the gunman NEW : Many of the slain students will be buried Friday , state-run media says The gunman committed suicide , police say He was a former student of the school , the government says
CNN  -- Two men were found guilty in Saudi courts this week for , among other offenses , messages they posted on Twitter . On Monday , one Saudi man was sentenced to 10 years in prison for using Twitter to encourage protests and undermine the country 's leadership , according to Saudi Arabian state news agency SPA . "  The accused had sent invitations via Twitter to participate in protests and gatherings against the Kingdom , " read SPA 's statement , quoting Saudi Justice Ministry spokesman Fahad Al-Bakran . Al-Bakran added how the unnamed man , already serving a three-year jail sentence , was convicted of utilizing websites that are "  hostile to the government and that promote deviant ideologies . " Saudi officials often use the phrase "  deviant ideologies " when describing al Qaeda or al Qaeda-linked groups . On Sunday , another man , accused of insulting King Abdullah and inciting protests via social media sites like Twitter , was sentenced to eight years in jail . According to SPA , he 's also barred from travel and from posting messages on social media sites for eight years after his release . The man , also unidentified by SPA , was found guilty of "  inciting relatives of Saudis arrested for security reasons to protest their imprisonment by tweeting and via posting videos on sites like YouTube . " Al-Bakran added the man had been arrested once before for similar offenses , but was released after signing a pledge never to do so again . Both sentences come just days after Saudi Arabia officially declared the Muslim Brotherhood to be a terrorist organization . On Friday , the country 's Interior Ministry announced that the Brotherhood , as well as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , Al-Nusra Front and other groups had been formally designated terrorist organizations . American detained in UAE over parody video speaks out The statement also detailed the country 's new , comprehensive anti-terror legislation , warning any Saudi or foreigner residing in Saudi Arabia they could be sentenced to heavy jail terms for joining extremist groups or fighting alongside them . Many , however , maintain the new laws are a barely disguised effort to quash dissent , pointing to the fact that Friday 's Interior Ministry statement also criminalized atheism , more specifically , any Saudi or resident of Saudi Arabia "  propagating atheist ideologies by any means , or questioning the principles of Islamic faith . " "  It 's unfortunate that the statement comingles the  Saudi  government 's ongoing intent to severely limit freedoms of expression and religion with its efforts to counter extremism and terrorism , " said Dwight Bashir , deputy director for policy and research with the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom . "  It reinforces longstanding concerns that the Saudis will spare no expense to crush dissent , " Bashir told CNN , "  and punish non-conforming views , even if the views are protected by internationally-recognized human rights . " Bashir called the move to criminalize atheism "  very troubling , " adding it was "  consistent with the way the Saudis masquerade ` insults to religious feelings ' as a way of garnering support for other laws that seek to counter religious extremism and name specific entities as terror groups . " Saudi Arabia , which has jailed several prominent reform activists in the past two years , is consistently singled out and criticized for its human rights record . In a statement from late February , Adam Coogle , a Saudi researcher for Human Rights Watch , wrote the new anti-terror legislation has "  created a veneer of legality for ongoing human rights abuses by Saudi criminal justice authorities . " "  The terrorism law , " added Coogle , "  is a vague , catch-all document that can -- and probably will -- be used to prosecute or jail anyone who criticizes the Saudi government and to violate their due process rights along the way . " Girl costs father $ 80,000 with ` SUCK IT ' Facebook post	One man sentenced to a decade in prison for posting pro-protest messages to Twitter A second man got eight years , convicted of insulting Saudi Arabia 's king via Twitter Critics say it 's all part of the kingdom 's efforts to quash dissent
CNN  -- David Villa came to Spain 's rescue again to put the European champions into the World Cup semifinals for the first time with a hard-fought 1-0 victory over Paraguay in Johannesburg on Saturday night as both teams missed a penalty . The striker , who scored the only goal in the second-round victory over Portugal , netted the winner with eight minutes to play to become the leading scorer at the South African tournament with five . Spain will now play Germany in Durban on Wednesday for a place in final after the 2006 hosts thrashed Argentina 4-0 earlier on Saturday . It will be a rematch of the Euro 2008 final , which Spain won 1-0 . "  We did n't play well mainly because we did n't get enough of the ball , " Spain coach Vicente Del Bosque told reporters . "  We are now among the four best teams in the world . Our next opponents are Germany , who are the best team at the moment . " Paraguay , playing in the last eight for the first time , had a goal disallowed in the first half and should have taken the lead in the 59th minute but Oscar Cardozo 's penalty was saved by Spain captain Iker Casillas . Xabi Alonso then had the chance to put the Spaniards ahead soon after but was also denied from the spot after having to retake his successful first attempt . Paraguay , whose coach Gerardo Martino made six changes after the penalty shootout win over Japan in the previous round , easily contained Spain 's renowned attacking prowess in a disappointing first half . "  We had chances but did n't take them . But never mind . I congratulate my players for their progress at the World Cup , " Martino told reporters . The South Americans felt aggrieved to have a 41st-minute strike by Nelson Valdez ruled out after Cardozo strayed into a marginally offside position , but wasted a glorious chance to go ahead after Spain defender Gerard Pique was booked for dragging on the arm of Cardozo . But the Benfica player , who scored the winner against Japan , saw his shot saved by Casillas -- and then at the other end Villa was hauled down when clear on goal by Antolin Alcaraz , who was lucky not to be sent off . Alonso coolly sent goalkeeper Justo Villar the wrong way , but the Paraguay captain was more successful the second time after Guatemalan referee Carlos Batres ruled that players had encroached into the penalty area before the initial kick was taken . Villar was lucky not to concede another penalty as he clattered into Cesc Fabregas while trying to gather the rebound , but was helpless when Spain finally made the breakthrough . Substitute Pedro fired a low shot onto the base of the woodwork , and Villa followed up with a strike that hit one post and bounced into the net off the other one . Paraguay substitutes Lucas Barrios and Roque Santa Cruz had late efforts blocked in quick succession by Casillas , while Villa was denied a second by Villar . It was another disappointing night for Villa 's strike partner Fernando Torres , who was replaced by Fabregas with 20 minutes to play as he again looked well short of his usual high standards . Paraguay 's defeat leaves neighbors Uruguay as South America 's only representative in the last four , facing the Netherlands on Tuesday .	Spain will play Germany in the World Cup semifinals after beating Paraguay 1-0 Striker David Villa nets only goal in 82nd minute to go top of overall scoring charts South Americans had a goal ruled out and then missed a penalty in second half Spain also missed a penalty soon after before Villa 's fifth goal of the tournament
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Young girls were sitting in the back of their family 's car , with their backpacks and a Hello Kitty notebook , when a Palestinian attacker tossed acid at them Friday , Israeli authorities said . The Jewish family , including four girls , stopped to pick up an Israeli hitchhiker near a Jerusalem checkpoint , The Israel Defense Forces said . A nearby Palestinian man "  attacked both the passengers and the hitchhiker with acid , wounding them lightly to moderately , " the IDF said in a statement . The wounded hitchhiker and another civilian "  began chasing after the terrorist , " who turned on them with a screwdriver , the statement said . A nearby driver then tried to "  halt the Palestinian with his vehicle . The Palestinian attempted to flee and the driver fired at his lower extremities , identifying two hits . The terrorist , as well as the victims , received preliminary medical care at the scene . " The perpetrator was a 44-year-old from Nehalin who "  is known to have been previously involved in illegal and hostile riots and activities , " the IDF said . The Palestinian man was taken to a hospital in Hadassah ein Kerem to be treated , police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . The IDF tweeted what it said was a photo of the car in which the attack occurred . Israelis have faced a series of attacks in recent weeks , including stabbings . On Monday , a Palestinian teenage girl with a knife assaulted an Israeli man in the West Bank . A slew of attacks At least 10 Israelis have died in attacks since October . A young Palestinian girl was also reportedly killed in ethnic violence . Meanwhile , there have been scattered protests in the West Bank over the death of a senior Palestinian Authority official after a confrontation with Israeli troops . Ziyad Abu Ein died Wednesday after clashes with Israeli soldiers in the Palestinian village of Turmusaya , northeast of the West Bank city of Ramallah , longtime chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat said in a statement . Abu Ein -- a minister in Abbas ' Fatah party and head of the Committee to Resist the Wall and Settlements -- was there participating in nonviolent demonstrations to mark international Human Rights Day , according to Erakat 's statement . There were varying reports of exactly how Abu Ein died , including what role -- if any -- Israeli authorities played in it . Israeli authorities ramped up security in the West Bank and Jerusalem in anticipation of protests after Friday prayers . The largest were in the West Bank city of Hebron , where hundreds of people clashed with security forces . CNN 's Michael Schwartz reported from Jerusalem , Ben Wedeman reported from Qalandiya and Josh Levs reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report from London .	NEW : Israel releases a photo of the car in which the acid attack occurred A Palestinian attacked the family and a hitchhiker they were picking up , the IDF says The suspect is a 44-year-old Palestinian who 's been involved in "  hostile " activities , IDF says Scattered protests take place in West Bank over death of Palestinian minister
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Thursday that he wo n't push to visit the site of the destroyed World Trade Center during his visit to the United Nations next week . Iran 's president said he wanted to "  pay his respects " and lay a wreath at the site of the 2001 al Qaeda attacks . The controversial leader asked to "  pay his respects " and lay a wreath at the site of the 2001 al Qaeda attacks , but New York city officials on Wednesday denied that request , citing safety concerns at what is now a construction site . Ahmadinejad said he would try to visit the site "  if we have the time and the conditions are conducive . " But if local officials can not make the proper arrangements , "  I wo n't insist , " he said in an interview to be aired Sunday on CBS ' "  60 Minutes . " The Bush administration considers Iran a state sponsor of terrorism , and State Department spokesman Tom Casey called the request "  the height of hypocrisy . " CBS correspondent Scott Pelley told Ahmadinejad he "  must have known that visiting the World Trade Center site would infuriate many Americans . " "  Well , I 'm amazed , " he said , surprised by the question . "  How can you speak for the whole of the American nation ? The American nation is made up of 300 million people . There are different points of view over there . " More than 2,700 people died in the attack on the World Trade Center , when al Qaeda terrorists flew hijacked passenger jets into the twin towers . A third jet hit the Pentagon , and a fourth crashed in a Pennsylvania field after passengers resisted their hijackers . Iran is ruled by a Shiite Muslim government hostile to the fundamentalist Sunni al Qaeda . Ahmadinejad 's predecessor , Mohammed Khatami , condemned the attacks and cooperated with the U.S.-led campaign to topple al Qaeda 's Taliban allies in Afghanistan that followed . But the United States calls Iran the world 's top state sponsor of terrorism because of its support of the Lebanese Shiite Muslim militia Hezbollah and other militant groups . Washington and Tehran have not had formal diplomatic relations since 1980 after Iranian militants stormed the United States Embassy in Tehran and held Americans hostage for 444 days . The Bush administration has also accused Iran of meddling in Iraq and Afghanistan , where U.S. troops are battling Taliban and al Qaeda remnants more than six years after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . It accuses Iran of supplying advanced explosives to Shiite Muslim militias , some of which have used the devices against U.S. troops . Ahmadinejad also has drawn fire for his hard-line anti-Israel stance and his insistence that Iran will defy international demands that it halt its production of enriched uranium . Iran insists it is producing nuclear fuel for civilian power plants , but Washington accuses Tehran of trying to create a nuclear bomb . The Iranian leader has made statements suggesting that Israel be politically "  wiped off the map , " though he insists that can be accomplished without violence . He has questioned the existence of the Holocaust , the genocidal Nazi campaign against European Jews , and warned Europeans that they may pay a heavy price for its support of Israel . Ahmadinejad is also slated to speak on the campus of Columbia University during his visit , university President Lee Bollinger said . His presence is likely to spark protests on and off campus . Bollinger said the appearance is part of the World Leaders Forum -- an annual university event "  intended to further Columbia 's long-standing tradition of serving as a major forum for robust debate . " E-mail to a friend	Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad had asked to visit ground zero City officials turned down request ; Iranian president says he wo n't insist The United States calls Iran the world 's top state sponsor of terrorism The Iranian leader questioned why such a visit would be considered insulting
CNN  The Champions League is back -- but there were no big winners on the opening night of the knockout round . Paris Saint-Germain was held to a frustrating 1-1 draw by Chelsea in the French capital , while Bayern Munich finished goalless in Ukraine with Shakhtar Donetsk . PSG will be the most annoyed -- Laurent Blanc 's side had chance after chance to win the tie and put a dent in Chelsea 's Champions League hopes . In the end , Edinson Cavani 's strike ensured parity after Branislav Ivanovic , the Serbia defender , had given the visitors a first half lead . It could have been so different for the home side had it not been for Thibaut Courtois , the Chelsea goalkeeper . Courtois denied PSG time and time again , much to delight of his manager , Jose Mourino . "  We could have lost , so I think the result is a positive one , " Mourinho told ITV . "  I do n't say very good because it depends on the result of the second leg but it is a positive result against a very good team with fantastic technical players . It was a difficult match . Asked if Chelsea got away with it , he added : "  When you see the performance of our goalkeeper you have to say yes , he made two or three important saves in the game . "  I am happy with the result because two legs is now one leg with everything to be decided at Stamford Bridge . " Mourinho , who is hoping to become the first man to win the competition with three different clubs , cut a relieved figure at the full time whistle . Time and time again the visitors were indebted to its goalkeeper , Courtois , who produced a number of fine stops to deny the French champion . At just 22 , it 's frightening to think how good the Belgian could become . Here , against a PSG side determined to take some sort of lead to Stamford Bridge in three weeks time , he ensured Chelsea got out of jail . Laurent Blanc 's men began the better of the two teams and Courtois was forced into action within the first 10 minutes . Cavani , seemingly constantly linked with a move to England , found space on the left and when his cross was headed powerfully towards goal by Blaise Matuidi , Courtois was forced to fly into action . The Belgian goalkeeper was soon busy again , this time saving from Zlatan Ibrahimovic as the forward 's header bounced towards goal , while Cavani also went close with an effort which was tipped away . Chelsea , seven points clear at the top of the Premier League , slowly began to grow into the contest but it still came as something of a surprise when it took a 36th minute lead . John Terry , the captain , crossed from the left and after Gary Cahill had flicked the ball on , Ivanovic rose unopposed to head the ball into the far corner . That goal was harsh on the home side , which emerged revitalized after the interval and was soon level . Matuidi , one of the most impressive performers on the field , found space on the left and his cross was headed home by the unmarked Cavani . Chelsea , normally solid and resolute in defense , was struggling to repel the French champion and Courtois was forced to save from Ibrahimovic once again as the Swede waltzed his way through the defense . Cavani , alert to the rebound , thought he was set to give side the lead when the ball broke , but his effort was blocked by César Azpilicueta . PSG , third in its domestic league , continued to dominate and Cavani wasted a glorious opportunity with 10 minutes remaining when he slid his effort inches wide of the far post . Ibrahimovic might have stolen a dramatic winner at the death but his header was brilliantly tipped away by the overworked Courtois . Chelsea will now be confident of progressing to the quarterfinal stage with the second leg to come at Stamford Bridge in three weeks time . Last season , it was beaten 3-1 in Paris at the quarterfinal stage before recovering to win the second leg 2-0 and progress on the away goals rule . At least this time it heads home level and with designs on the last eight . "  Both teams were feeling each other in the first half , " said Chelsea captain Terry . "  Thibaut Courtois pulled off some great saves and we go away with a happy draw . "  Last year we made it very difficult for ourselves but we are in a lot better position now . "  PSG keep the ball very well , David Luiz 's range of passing is very good so they were able to stretch us but I thought it was very even tonight . "  Branislav Ivanovic has been different class defensively this year and always has been , attacking he always poses a great threat . " In the night 's other game , Bayern Munich was held to a goalless draw by Shakhtar Donetsk in Lviv . It was a frustrating night for the 2013 winner which had Xabi Alonso sent off in the second half . The Spanish midfielder , who was celebrating the occasion of his 100th appearance in the competition , was dismissed with 25 minutes remaining after picking up a second yellow card . Shakhtar , which is forced to play its Champions League home games over 1,200 kilometers away from its home stadium because of the ongoing conflict in the region , had not played a competitive fixture since December following the winter break .	European Champions League last 16 began Tuesday Paris Saint-Germain holds Chelsea 1-1 in French capital Branislav Ivanovic scores crucial away goal Shakhtar Donetsk finishes goalless at home to Bayern Munich
London  CNN  -- Janet Jackson is opening up for the first time about a duet with her brother that she 's reviving two years after his death . Jackson took to the stage in London on Thursday and performed their 1995 song Scream as video of Michael Jackson played and his voice filled Royal Albert Hall . The reworked duet follows in the footsteps of jazz pianist and singer Nat King Cole and his daughter , Natalie Cole . In 1991 she turned her father 's famous 1961 recording "  Unforgettable " into a father-daughter duet . Janet Jackson said she did the original duet at the request of her brother years ago . "  I was on the Rhythm Nation tour and Mike actually asked me to do a song with him and I told him no . I did n't want to do it . I felt I had n't come into my own and I had n't fully made a name for myself ... and I did n't want to ride anyone 's coattails , " she said . "  And I remember being in the Janet Tour a few good years later and he asked me again if I would do a song with him . And I felt , at that point , I 'd carved my own little niche in this world of music and I felt okay , I can do this now and that 's how it came about . " Jackson said that performing the song alongside her brother again is n't difficult . "  It feels great -- just listening to and hearing his voice , " she said , adding that on stage she finds herself , "  remembering the experience of recording it . " Jackson declined to comment to the press on the two-year mark of her brother 's death , instead taking to social media this week with a simple message on Twitter on the June 25 anniversary : "  I miss you , I love you . " Jackson wraps up the European leg of her tour this week then heads to North America , Australia and Africa .	Jackson performs virtual duet on stage in London She recorded it with her brother Michael in 1995 "  It feels great -- just listening to and hearing his voice , " she says
CNN  -- Sixty-one percent of Americans polled , who watched President Obama 's prime-time speech , told CNN that they support his policy towards Syria . Since some surveys showed as much as two-thirds opposition to military action against Syria in the days before the speech , the poll suggests that he did what presidents rarely do : change people 's minds , if only temporarily . Read the speech How did he do it ? In only 15 minutes , President Obama made his points , simply and straightforwardly . Anyone arguing a controversial case in the court of public opinion can learn from what he said and how he said it : Identifying with the audience . Addressing a war-weary public , President Obama began by saying that he had "  resisted calls for military action " in Syria before "  Assad 's government gassed to death over a thousand people . " The message : The terrible event that changed my mind should change yours , too . Opinion : Obama 's speech wo n't sell Americans on Syria Telling a story . President Obama told how the world community declared chemical weapons "  off limits , a crime against humanity and a violation of the laws of war . " His story began with the deadly use of gas in the trenches in World War I and continued with the Nazi use of poison gas in the Holocaust . Bringing it home . Having made the human rights case , President Obama explained why chemical weapons threaten Americans . If Assad is n't punished , "  our troops would again face the prospect of chemical warfare on the battlefield . " Terrorists could get these weapons and use them against civilians . Iran could be emboldened to build nuclear weapons . Invoking the American system . Some opponents warn he 's willfully starting a new war . Others call him indecisive because he delayed military action . President Obama said he 's taking the debate to Congress , even though he maintains he does n't have to , because "  our democracy is stronger when the president acts with the support of Congress . " Obama seeks support for attacking Syria while pursuing diplomacy Answering questions . Like the FAQs on a website , much of the speech answered questions that President Obama said members of Congress and private citizens have asked him , such as "  Wo n't this put us on a slippery slope to another war ? " President Reagan also made a point of answering questions that people had asked in their letters to him . In his address to a Joint Session of Congress after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , President George W. Bush answered questions , as did Winston Churchill in his radio talks during World War II . Offering hopeful news . Towards the end of a speech that could have been completed several days earlier , President Obama discussed the latest developments surrounding the Russian proposal that Syria turn over its weapons to international authorities . Yes , the transition sounded choppy , but listeners care more about encouraging news than elegant rhetoric . Opinion : Speech aims to keep heat on Syria Appealing to American patriotism . President Obama said America is "  different " because we right wrongs when we can . Answering the common criticism that he does n't believe in "  American Exceptionalism , " he concluded , "  That 's what makes America exceptional ... Let us never lose sight of that essential truth . " With down-to-earth arguments and a lofty conclusion , last night 's speech was a model of how to turn an audience around , point by point . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of David Kusnet .	David Kusnet : Barack Obama 's Syria speech changed minds with its masterly execution He says it 's instructive : He identified with his audience , war-weary but open-minded He says he clearly explained risks chemical weapons pose to all , and why he went to Congress Kusnet : He anticipated and answered questions , invoked American exceptionalism
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The two youngest stars in "  Slumdog Millionaire " will get "  a substantial sum of money " that would "  change their lives for the better " when they turn 18 , but only if they stay in school , director Danny Boyle told CNN . Director Danny Boyle says the youngest actors in his film will get "  substantial " money if they stay in school . Rubina Ali and Azharuddin Ismail , both 8 , have been temporarily forced to stay away from school by the crush of journalists who have converged on the campus in Mumbai , Boyle said . "  The press attention that 's been focused on them is really sad at the moment and they 've had to leave school temporarily because the press outside the school is disrupting the school , " Boyle said . "  So , we 've withdrawn them from the school for a short while . " Boyle , in a CNN interview Thursday , said the boys were paid "  way over and above what you could pay , " despite media reports to the contrary . The success of the moderately budgeted film , about an orphan seeking fame and love through the "  Millionaire " game show , drew a spotlight to the slums of Mumbai , India , where it was filmed . A controversy erupted this week when the children 's parents told reporters they felt they were exploited and underpaid for their work . The Telegraph newspaper of London reported the children and their families still live in the same "  tangle of makeshift shacks " in Mumbai where they lived when the casting director found them . Azharuddin 's situation has gotten worse , the paper said , because "  his family 's illegal hut was demolished by the local authorities and he now sleeps under a sheet of plastic tarpaulin with his father , who suffers from tuberculosis . " This public relations challenge began just as Oscar ballots were mailed to members of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences . "  Slumdog Millionaire " is nominated for 10 Oscars , including best picture and best director for Boyle . Boyle defended how his production company has treated the boys . "  We thought long and hard about how best can we benefit them and we decided to put in place an education plan for them , " Boyle said . "  We put them in school , a very good school , which they 're paid for to stay in until they 're 18 . " "  If they stay in school until they 're 18 , a substantial sum of money is released to them then , which will effectively change their lives for the better , " Boyle said . The Telegraph quoted their parents saying Azharuddin was paid less than $ 2,500 , and that Rubina got about $ 700 . "  The children were paid well , " Boyle said . "  The families were paid well for their work , over and above what you could pay , way over and above what you could pay . " "  Some of the figures that have been quoted have been very inaccurate , " Boyle said . He said he would not quote the real numbers "  because to do so makes them vulnerable within their own community . There are people who would take advantage of them immediately . " Even the trust fund is a target of "  gangsters , " he said . "  The money that would be released to them when they are older , that is the kind of thing that can be mortgaged off by gangsters , " he said . Boyle said the film 's financial backers have agreed that charitable groups that help children of the slums will also see "  a slice of the profits . " "  We 've all agreed that we will sit down and dedicate a slice of the profits of the film to be distributed amongst people like those who run the school and other organizations who make a big difference to children 's lives there , " he said . "  We gained from the city , both from these two children and from the city , in general , and we 'll make sure the film gives back some of the enormous success it 's had , " he said . -- CNN 's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	The children 's parents say they felt they were exploited and underpaid for their work The kids reportedly still live in the same "  tangle of makeshift shacks " in Mumbai Director says the boys were paid "  way over and above what you could pay "
Tour companies evacuated hundreds of vacationers from Kenya after various nations issued travel alerts that warned of a "  high threat " of terrorist attacks . All-inclusive tour company First Choice and Thomson Airways said they were canceling trips to the coastal area of Mombasa until the end of October . They transported about 200 vacationers to London on Friday morning . By the end of evacuations Friday night , both said they expect all their 400 vacationers to be out . "  As a precautionary measure , we have also taken the decision to repatriate all customers currently on holiday in Kenya , including our air fare passengers back to the UK on Thursday and Friday , " Thomson said in a statement . A day before the evacuations , the UK Foreign Office advised against nonessential travel to various areas , including the Mombasa coastal region . It urged tourists with nonessential travel to leave . "  There is a high threat from terrorism , including kidnapping ... from extremists linked to Al-Shabaab , a militant group that has carried out attacks in response to Kenya 's military intervention in Somalia , " the UK alert said . The United States also updated its travel warning this week , citing the potential for terrorist attacks in Nairobi and the coastal cities of Mombasa and Diani . Australia also urged its nationals to reconsider travel to those areas . Kenyan authorities described the warnings as "  unfriendly acts " and said security remains a top priority . "  Issuance of such travel advisories only plays to ... spread fear and panic , " the Kenyan Foreign Ministry said in a statement . The Kenyan military crossed into Somalia in 2011 to battle the terrorist group Al-Shabaab , which it blamed for kidnapping tourists in the coastal region . In retaliation , the terrorist group has launched a spate of attacks , including targeting bustling bus stations with grenades . Last year , militants stormed the Westgate Mall in Nairobi and held shoppers under siege for days . At least 67 people were killed . There are about 5,000 British nationals living along the Kenyan coast , according to the Foreign Office . About 10 % of those are in Mombasa and surrounding areas .	About 200 people evacuated so far Thomson Airways says it 's canceling trips to Mombasa until the end of October The evacuation comes after U.S. , Australia , UK issue travel alerts Kenyan authorities describe the warnings as "  unfriendly acts "
CNN  -- More than two years after an earthquake and tsunami brought disaster to a nuclear plant in eastern Japan , operators Tokyo Electric Power Co.  TEPCO  announced plans Wednesday to begin the painstaking and dangerous process of removing fuel rods from a crippled reactor at the site . The procedure is considered a milestone in the estimated $ 50 billion cleanup of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . "  Fuel removal really means the start of decommissioning , " plant chief Akira Ono said , according to Japan 's Nikkei Shimbun . When the tsunami swamped the plant , located 149 miles  240 kilometers  north of Tokyo on Japan 's eastern seaboard in March 2011 , it cut the power to vital cooling systems for the three reactors in use at the time . This resulted in the second-worst nuclear accident in history -- after Chernobyl in the former Soviet Union in 1986 -- as the reactors melted down and leaked radioactive material into the atmosphere . The ` nuclear renaissance : ' What went wrong ? The Fukushima cleanup has been beset by numerous problems , including the leak of 300 tons of radioactive water from a storage tank . TEPCO will begin taking out 1,500 spent fuel units from Reactor 4 for storage in safer specially designed containers , the company says . The reactor building exploded in the aftermath of tsunami likely due to a build-up of hydrogen from a neighboring reactor , according to TEPCO . The cost of decontamination is estimated to be Â ¥ 5 trillion  U.S. $ 50.7 billion  or more , Japan 's Yomiuri Shimbun reported . After Fukushima : Could Germany 's nuclear gamble backfire ? Fallout continues for Tokyo on the Fukushima disaster . Earlier this week , China demanded an accurate assessment of cleanup efforts . "  China follows closely the countermeasures to be adopted by Japan . We urge the Japanese side to spare no effort in minimizing the subsequent impact of the accident and provide timely , comprehensive and accurate information to the international community , " Wang Min , China 's deputy permanent representative to the United Nations , said Tuesday at a meeting of the U.N. General Assembly , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency .	Plant operators will begin the delicate work of removing nuclear fuel from Fukushima TEPCO will begin taking out 1,500 spent fuel units from Reactor 4 for storage Plant damaged by the earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan in March 2011 Cleanup beset by numerous problems , including the leak of 300 tons of radioactive water
CNN  -- As many as 225,000 children in Haiti live and work as unpaid domestic servants , the first study to closely examine the issue concluded . The existence of these arrangements are not new , but the scope is larger than previously thought , a new study by the Pan American Development Foundation found . The foundation conducted the largest field survey of human rights violations in Haiti . Known as restaveks , these extremely poor children are sent by their families to other homes . "  In principle , parental placement of a restavek child involves turning over child-rearing responsibility to another household in exchange for the child 's unpaid domestic service , " the study says . The majority , two-thirds , of restaveks are female , and all are prone to abuse and rape by their host families , the study says . The movement of the children is from poor homes to less poor homes , sometimes within the same family . In addition to boarding , families often send their children to become restaveks because of schooling opportunities in their new homes . To determine how widespread this practice is , the foundation conducted 1,458 door-to-door surveys in some of the more troubled neighborhoods in Haiti , the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere . According to the U.N. Office for the Special Envoy for Haiti , unemployment reaches 70 percent nationally and 78 percent of Haitians live on less than $ 2 a day . Given the dire economic condition , child trafficking and organized violence has been a problem in Haiti . The study 's aim was to answer the question : "  What is the scale of the victimization ? " What researchers found was that 22 percent of children surveyed were living away from home , and that 30 percent of households had restavek children . Using census projections for 2010 , the study extrapolated that as many as 225,000 children in Haiti 's urban areas could be living as restaveks . The recruitment of such children is "  intimately linked " with poverty , said the study , which recommended that the government and foreign aid be used in poverty alleviation programs and more widely available education services , especially in rural areas . The placement of restavek children has traditionally been a movement from rural Haiti to urban areas . Another key find to the study is that they are increasingly coming from other urban areas , the study found . In many cases , children are placed in homes of relatives , but kinship ties did not guarantee better treatment , according to the study .	Study : As many as 225,000 children in Haiti live and work as unpaid domestic servants Known as restaveks , these poor children are sent by their families to other homes Child-rearing given to another household in exchange for the child 's unpaid domestic service The majority of restaveks are female and are prone to abuse and rape by their host families
CNN  -- President Obama said Tuesday that the country already is "  seeing shovels hit the ground " on the first infrastructure repair project funded through the Transportation Department 's share of the $ 787 billion stimulus bill . Workers mark where repairs are needed on Maryland Route 650 . Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said , "  The work begins today in Montgomery County , Maryland , where a work crew is starting on a project to resurface Maryland State Highway 650 -- a very busy road that has not been fully repaired in 17 years . " The resurfacing contract is going to a Pennsylvania-based family-owned company , American Infrastructure , LaHood said . He said the project will support 60 jobs . "  And that 's how we 're going to get the country back on its feet , " LaHood added . Mark Compton , director of government affairs for American Infrastructure , said his company received $ 2.1 million in federal funds , by way of the Maryland State Highway Administration . The money will be used to repave and add safety features to a stretch of the highway . Compton said the cash infusion is the "  catalyst " to create 60 jobs , including bringing back some laid-off employees . He said he hopes the workers can be retained beyond this six-month project . "  We 'll continue to bid , so the goal is to get more projects to keep those guys working , so they can roll off that project onto another , " Compton said . CNNMoney : Stimulus funds hit the street Obama and LaHood on Tuesday announced the release of $ 27 billion in funds from the stimulus package "  to help states create a 21st-century infrastructure . " The president said it is part of the "  largest new investment in America 's infrastructure since President Eisenhower built the Interstate Highway System . " Obama said another 200 construction projects would be launched over the next few weeks , "  fueling growth in an industry that 's been hard hit by our economic crisis . " Two weeks ago , Obama signed into law his stimulus plan , known as the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act . The president has said the plan will create or save up to 3.5 million jobs over the next two years . Four-hundred thousand of those will be infrastructure jobs that include rebuilding roads , bridges and schools . LaHood has asked the nation 's governors to certify projects and provide assurances that funds from the act will be spent for appropriate infrastructure projects . Obama said transportation projects would be stamped with a special emblem so people can see where their tax dollars are going . Obama said the investments in highways would create or save 150,000 jobs by the end of 2010 . The number of jobs being created or saved in one year is more than the number of jobs the Big Three automakers have lost in manufacturing over the past three years , Obama said . By investing in roads "  that should have been rebuilt long ago , " Obama said , "  we can save some 14,000 men and women who lose their lives each year due to bad roads and driving conditions . " "  Poor roads are a public hazard , and we have a responsibility to fix them , " he said . Watch Obama explain how the roads will save lives " Obama also announced Tuesday that the Treasury Department and Federal Reserve were launching the Consumer and Business Lending Initiative . When fully implemented , Obama said , the initiative "  will generate up to a trillion dollars in new lending for the American people , and this will help unlock our frozen credit markets , which is absolutely essential for economic recovery . " CNNMoney 's Aaron Smith contributed to this report .	New highway resurfacing project in Maryland is expected to support 60 jobs President Obama : Highway spending will create or save 150,000 jobs by end of 2010 Another 200 construction projects to be launched in next few weeks Investing in roads will save lives , Obama says
Nashville  CNN  -- There is a quiet hum in the air . Moments later , it 's clear why . Ringo Starr sweeps in , and it feels like a cool breeze has washed over the room despite the sweltering 100-degree Southern summer heat outside . Ringo Starr still rocking out at 72 His apparel is basic but he exudes "  rock star " -- strolling in wearing a pinstriped blazer , a T-shirt , dark jeans and sneakers . Two silver pendants adorn his neck : The longer of the two is a signature peace sign ; the other , fashioned from a 45 LP adapter that was immediately given to him when he remarked to its former owner how much he liked it . Such is Starr 's charm . Despite being accompanied by no fewer than 15 people , he is disarmingly self-deprecating and modest . Starr talks about his new album Starr , one of two living members of the Beatles and winner of nine Grammy Awards , turned 72 on Saturday . He spent his birthday with fans and fellow musicians at the Hard Rock Cafe in Nashville . As he always does on his birthday , he celebrates a moment of peace and love at the stroke of noon , and encouraged everyone else to do the same . "  Wherever you are -- on a bus , in the office , in the studio , hanging out ... whatever you 're doing , at noon , just go , ` Peace and love . ' That 's all I ask for my birthday . Peace and love . " A vegetarian , he attributes his trim physique to Pilates and a sensible diet . "  I work out quite a lot , and you know , broccoli is my main course , stuff like that . So , you know , that 's how I do it . Just keep yourself fit , " he says . "  So as long as you do something physical , you know , keep moving . " Starr 's life in pictures Keep moving he does -- weaving through the crowd of well-wishers , family and friends with an easy affability . Not surprisingly , security is tight . He nonetheless radiates warmth , shaking hands cordially with strangers and exchanging affectionate hugs with friends . And it 's quite a group of friends he has . Fellow members of his ever-rotating All-Starr band are there in full force : Toto 's Steve Lukather with his signature goatee ; music producer extraordinaire Todd Rundgren and his instantly recognizable white-and-black mane ; a young-looking Richard Page from Mr. Mister ; Santana 's Gregg Rolie sporting aviators . Country star Vince Gill , Ed Roland from Atlanta-based Collective Soul , Jeff Russo of Tonic , and Roy Orbison Jr. are also on hand to pay tribute to the British icon . The Eagles ' legendary Joe Walsh pops his head in during the interview , and jokingly says he 'll interrupt and take a seat on Starr 's lap . Starr pretends to be aggrieved . "  I have to let him in . He 's the brother-in-law . It 's a family thing ! " He 's referring to his wife of 31 years , Barbara Bach , whose sister Walsh wed three years ago . Outside the Hard Rock , hundreds are thronging for the chance to get up close and personal with their idol . Jamie Donaldson traveled from California with her husband and two kids for this moment . "  I just ca n't believe I 'm here , " she said . "  This has just been my dream for so long to see a living Beatle in person , and Ringo is just the best ! " She admits it 's almost unbearably hot outside , but , "  It 's worth it ! " One woman holds a sign that reads , "  Ringo , sign my son ! " Another holds a sign that says , "  You hugged me in 1964 , please do it again " . The crowd breaks into an excited chatter when Starr 's inner circle lines up on the stage . When the man himself emerges from the restaurant , the screams and shouts crescendo . Starr is about to begin the countdown to shout "  peace and love " at noon when out of nowhere a loud , monotonous tone begins to blare . Undeterred , Starr continues on , and as if listening to the intended message , the tone silences just in time as the count reaches "  one . " "  Peace and love ! " everyone shouts in unison . To the delight of the crowd , Starr 's friends and family , partly led by saxophonist Mark Rivera , begin to sing a John Lennon anthem . "  All we are saying , is give peace a chance . " Starr sings the last line loudly into the microphone , waving both hands in the signature "  peace " sign high in the air . The crowd watching is hugging , laughing and crying . Happy 72nd birthday , Ringo Starr .	Ringo Starr turned 72 on Saturday The former Beatles drummer calls for "  peace and love " Starr celebrates his birthday at the Hard Rock Cafe in Nashville
CNN  Roger Federer reached the 1,000 ATP Tour wins milestone as he claimed the Brisbane title Sunday but was made to fight all the way by Canada 's Milos Raonic in a tense three-set final . The 33-year-old Swiss joins Jimmy Connors and Ivan Lendl as the only players in the modern professional era to achieve that feat and was claiming his 83rd career title . Federer led by a set and 2-0 until Raonic broke back and reeled off seven straight points in the tiebreaker to level at a set all . The third set might have gone either way , with top seed Federer staving off five break points , but a single break of the Raonic service proved decisive and he completed victory in two hours 13 minutes . It completed a fine week for the world number two as he prepares for a tilt at the upcoming Australian Open title in Melbourne . By contrast , his arch-rivals Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal slipped to early round defeats at the ATP event in Doha to disrupt their preparations for the opening grand slam of the season . Federer , who was surprisingly beaten in the final of the corresponding event by Lleyton Hewitt last year , was winning the Brisbane title for the first time . He extended his career record over the emerging Raonic to 8-1 with his latest triumph , but still has ground to make up on former greats Connors  1,253 wins  and Lendl  1,071  . At the presentation he was awarded the trophy by Roy Emerson and a special award for 1,000 wins by fellow Australian legend Rod Laver . "  To get to 1,000 wins in front of you two greats means a lot to me , " Federer said . "  I 'll never forget this moment . " Wawrinka doubles up In other ATP final action Sunday , top seed Stanislas Wawrinka successfully defended his title at the Chennai Open in India . Federer 's compatriot Wawrinka , who is preparing for his defense of the Australian Open title , beat Slovenian qualifier Aljaz Bedene 6-3 6-4 in 69 minutes in the final . The 29-year-old Wawrinka also won the title at the hard court event in 2011 . It was his eighth career tournament victory and earns him 250 ranking points .	Roger Federer claims Brisbane International title Beats Milos Raonic of Canada in three sets 1,000 th win on the ATP Tour for Swiss maestro Federer was claiming 83rd career title
CNN  -- Have you ever watched a movie scene and thought to yourself , "  that could never happen in real life ? " The creatives behind New York prank collective Improv Everywhere have n't . Instead , the group has made it its mission to re-enact famous scenes from movies -- romantic comedies , action , fantasy films , you name it -- in ordinary situations . The group 's most recent stunt took place at Katz 's Delicatessen , the setting for the classic fake orgasm scene in 1989 's "  When Harry Met Sally . " Meg Ryan 's Sally was proving a point to Billy Crystal 's Harry that women can indeed simulate pleasure without actually being satisfied , and her performance was so convincing , another customer wanted to "  have what she 's having . " But what would happen if that scenario was repeated in real life ? Better yet , what would happen if not one , but 20 women pretended to orgasm simultaneously in the middle of Katz 's lunch rush ? Improv Everywhere set to find out . The organization says on its website that the employees at Katz were n't aware that a loud , uninhibited flash mob had descended on the restaurant , but everyone seemed to be amused by the show . "  When Harry Met Sally " is n't the only film Improv Everywhere has experimented with . Their other "  Movies in Real Life " segments include "  Back to the Future , " "  Indiana Jones " and "  Lord of the Rings . "	A New York based collective has created a series called "  Movies in Real Life " The series re-creates a famous movie scene Recently , the group performed the famous fake orgasm scene from "  When Harry Met Sally "
Washington  CNN  -- Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has notified Congress of plans to allow women to serve aboard submarines , a Defense Department official said Tuesday . Letters of intent were sent Monday to Congress , which has requested briefings on the matter , said the official , who asked not to be identified . There will be no vote on the matter in Congress . The change was recommended by the chief of naval operations and the secretary of the Navy in addition to Gates , the official said , adding that there was no opposition to the move among Navy leaders . A phased approach is being considered under which officers -- who already have separate living quarters -- would be the first to go co-ed , followed by crews , with the women bunking together , the official said . Crew space would have to be modified prior to that happening , the official added . The submarines expected to carry women initially would be the larger ones -- nuclear-powered , missile-carrying submarines known as SSBN and SSGN , the official said . Women joined the crews of the Navy 's surface ships in 1993 , but officials had previously cited limited privacy and the cost of reconfiguring the vessels in arguing against their joining sub crews . Last September , Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Gary Roughead described himself as "  very comfortable addressing integrating women into the submarine force . " "  Accommodations are a factor , but not insurmountable , " he said .	DoD official : Letters of intent sent to Congress , which has requested briefings Move toward co-ed subs has no opposition among Navy leaders , official says Under plan , officers would be first to go co-ed , with women bunking together Larger , nuclear-powered missile subs would be the first to carry women , official says
When Max Wallack was 6 , his great-grandmother Gertrude Finkelstein -- Great Grams as he called her -- was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease . His parents were open with him , explaining in easy-to-understand terms that the illness would have a significant impact on her memory . Wallack and his great-grandmother had always been close , but the debilitating disease took its toll on their relationship . She had cared for him when he was young ; now he was one of her primary caregivers . Wallack spent a large part his childhood watching over Great Grams , who was in and out of nursing homes until she moved in with his family . Despite his age , Wallack often held the responsibility of taking care of his great-grandmother alone when his parents could not . He called it "  bubby-sitting . " Alzheimer 's affects 5.2 million Americans and millions more who are caregivers devoting their lives to helping affected loved ones . Caring for someone with Alzheimer 's is no simple task . Symptoms include memory loss , difficulty in performing everyday tasks and not recognizing close family members . "  There were some hard times , " says Wallack , now 17 . He recalls a vacation to Hawaii when Great Grams grew fearful of the family , even though they were only looking out for her . Young caregivers put life on hold Great Grams passed away when Wallack was 10 . Her last few years inspired him to devote his life to studying Alzheimer 's and dementia . Wallack is a junior studying neuroscience at Boston University . After graduation , he wants to attend medical school and continue pursuing Alzheimer 's research . His resume already showcases his passion : He performs research at the Laboratory of Molecular Psychiatry in Aging at Boston University 's Alzheimer 's Disease Center . He also founded the nonprofit organization Puzzles to Remember , which distributes puzzles to patients in nursing homes with Alzheimer 's and dementia . Wallack did not achieve all this without persistence -- or intelligence . He took university courses while still in high school and began lab work when he was 15 . Wallack 's ultimate goal ? To find a cure or treatment for Alzheimer 's . But attacking the illness from a medical standpoint alone is not his only course of action . "  You have to combat it in many different ways , " he says . He decided to focus part of his advocacy on an experience with which he was very familiar : being a young caregiver for someone with Alzheimer 's . The 10 warning signs of Alzheimer 's This summer , Wallack released a children 's book , "  Why Did Grandma Put Her Underwear in the Refrigerator ? " The title is meant to be funny , but Wallack says children who have loved ones with Alzheimer 's will relate to the serious side as well . The book aims to teach children about Alzheimer 's . While Wallack 's parents were open with him when they explained Alzheimer 's , others tiptoe around the topic to avoid scaring children , he says . By providing ways to cope , relatable experiences and even a bit of humor , the book aims to make this conversation easier . Wallack wrote the book with the help of Carolyn Given , his English teacher from fourth through eighth grades . When he reached out to Given last winter , he had already been planning the book for years . "  I would love to help him out , " Given recalls saying . "  As soon as I said that -- within a week -- he had his entire manuscript . " The two have crafted a lighthearted , educational book that made it to the Amazon Top 100 Best-Sellers for Large Print shortly after its release . The book is filled with stories and ways to help children learn about Alzheimer 's -- some from Wallack 's childhood as well as others from children he has met . One part describes how a person with Alzheimer 's might be afraid of a pet cat because it looks like a lion . Another part teaches children about serving food to people with Alzheimer 's on red plates -- a proven caregiving strategy that makes food stand out on plates , causing them to eat more . Families from all over have reached out to thank Wallack for sharing this story , praising it for quelling children 's fears about Alzheimer 's . "  This is the kind of reaction I had hoped for , " Wallack told CNN in an e-mail . "  I find stories like that very fulfilling . " Help for a ` hidden population ' of caregiving kids	Alzheimer 's affects 5.2 million Americans and millions more who are caregivers Symptoms include memory loss , difficulty in performing everyday tasks Max Wallack , 17 , co-wrote a children 's book and founded nonprofit group
Central Falls , Rhode Island  CNN  -- The teacher at an embattled Rhode Island school who displayed an effigy of President Obama in his classroom is under disciplinary review , according to the school superintendent . The Obama effigy was an apparent protest of the president 's support of mass firings of the school 's teachers . Its existence was first reported on CNN.com on Thursday . An Obama doll , about a foot tall , hung by its feet from a white board ; the doll held a sign that said , "  Fire Central Falls teachers . " Superintendent Frances Gallo discovered the item late Monday at Central Falls High School after being asked about a rumor about an Obama doll hung by his feet in a classroom . Gallo took it upon herself to investigate and found the effigy Monday night . "  It was obviously imprudent on -LSB- the teacher 's -RSB- part , very ill-conceived and nothing to fool around with , " Gallo said . Bold superintendent hated , loved The superintendent said the teacher was contrite when confronted but said it was "  a joke to him . " Due to union contract stipulations , Gallo said she could not disclose the name of the teacher . Gallo said it was difficult to comprehend how a teacher could not "  understand that a class full of children are very offput by such a ` joke . ' "  He does n't see it as making a mockery or , worse , just total disrespect , " Gallo said . "  Clearly , he was n't thinking . " She said the matter is under disciplinary review and has been sent to Rhode Island State Police . State police have not returned phone calls seeking comment . The local teachers union condemned the act Thursday . "  Simply put , the teacher 's actions were wrong and can not be condoned under any circumstances , " Jane Sessums , president of the Central Falls Teachers Union , said in a written statement . "  The teacher has apologized verbally to his students and has asked Superintendent Frances Gallo for permission to apologize to them in writing . He understands that his actions affect not just his students but all of us . There is no excuse for what he did . " A source , whom CNN is not naming because of the sensitive nature of the story , said the teacher is a beloved member of the faculty who has done a tremendous amount of good over the years . Many of the students in the class are immigrants who hold Obama in high regard ; they were learning English as a second language , according to the source . Central Falls High School has been at the center of an educational firestorm in recent weeks after all 93 teachers , support staff and administrators were fired for the low performance of the school . Gallo took the drastic action after talks with union leaders fell through . The firings will go into effect at the end of the school year . Teachers can re-apply , but no more than 50 percent will get rehired . The high school has been failing for the past seven years . Its graduation rate stands around 48 percent . Math proficiency is at 7 percent . Reading scores have improved by 21 percentage points in the past two years but still fall far behind , with 55 percent able to read at grade level , according to school officials . Most of the 800 students at Central Falls are Hispanic . For many , English is a second language . Teachers say the population is so transient that the statistics are a skewed and unfair representation of the students ' smarts and the teachers ' skills . Animosity toward Obama built among teachers after the president endorsed the school 's plans for reform . Marcia Reback , president of the Rhode Island Federation of Teachers , said last week that teachers were peeling Obama bumper stickers off their cars . "  When the president of the United States celebrates a superintendent of schools for mass firing an entire faculty of teachers , then that is saying something about his attitude toward teachers , " she said . "  And it 's not a healthy attitude . "	Obama effigy found in classroom at troubled Rhode Island school "  It was obviously imprudent on his part , " superintendent says Local teachers union condemns act Source said teacher is beloved faculty member who has done much good
CNN  -- Talk about dedication to the job . Detroit paramedic Joseph Hardman is being hailed as a hero for performing CPR on a patient having a heart attack -- even as he began to have one himself . One doctor said the odds of this happening are "  one in a million . " "  A sudden explosion-type feeling in my chest " is how Hardman , 47 , described the incident to CNN affiliate WXYZ . Hardman 's partner drove him and the patient to the local hospital . Both men had identical stents put in to remove blockages , and both are recovering . Hardman knows how lucky he was to already be on his way to an ER , telling reporters "  If I had n't been in the position I was in , I would have been deceased . " "  I would have to say one in a million is about appropriate " a hospital doctor told WXYZ . "  I have n't ever seen it and I have n't heard of it " . Hardman has been working as a paramedic in Detroit for 15 years , and says he has no prior medical history of heart problems . The blockage was found in a key artery that is often referred to by cardiologists as the "  widow maker " . Doctors say he likely faces months of rehab before he 'll be able to return to work .	Doctor says the odds are "  one in a million " Both Hardman and the patient are recovering
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Russian investigators on Saturday picked through the remains of a burned-out nightclub and detained at least five people in the aftermath of an explosive inferno , the result of an alleged misuse of fireworks that claimed more than 100 lives . Friday night 's fire -- in the Ural Mountain area industrial city of Perm -- swept through a party in full swing at the Lame Horse , a local nightclub celebrating its eighth year in business . The blast and fire engulfed the club , law enforcement officials said , as a performance artist juggled cold-flame pyrotechnical maces . As he threw them high in the air , the club 's ceiling caught fire and almost immediately spread on to the wooden walls , cutting off exits . People succumbed to smoke inhalation or were trampled attempting to escape the panicky chaos . The latest death reports varied , with one count as high as 109 . Around 130 people were injured , authorities said , with dozens were in critical condition and many of them hooked up to artificial lung ventilators . Authorities have opened a criminal investigation . The Investigative Committee of the Russian Prosecutor 's Office said several people have been detained : two club co-owners , a club manager , the night club art director , and a businessman who provided the fireworks and is now suffering from burns at a hospital . "  A lot of people were lying on the floor of the club , " according to one young female witness . "  Those of them who breathed were carried out and put in cars . The biggest problem was that each ambulance took only one person . They did n't take any more . We were yelling at doctors , forcing them to take more people at once . " Igor Goncharov , a Perm municipal official , said city workers were helping distraught relatives , who wanted to know the fate of their loved ones . "  We work with the victims ' relatives here . We give them the information about people who are in hospitals and those who were found dead and recognized by the forensic bureau , " Goncharov said . Shocked residents placed flowers outside the burned club in memory of the victims , a scene that brought back memories of two other Russian deadly club fires -- one in Moscow in 2007 and the other in Omsk in 2008 . The tragedy startled Russians , reeling after last week 's derailment of a luxury express train from Moscow to St. Petersburg . That incident -- which killed 26 people and injured more than 100 others -- has been called a terror attack , the most lethal terrorist act outside of Russia 's troubled North Caucasus region since 2004 . But this latest nightclub accident , in the Russian heartland around 900 miles east of Moscow , is believed to have been caused by what one Russian official says was the "  unsanctioned use of pyrotechnical devices . " "  The breach of technology while setting off a firework was the cause of the accident , " said Vladimir Markin , a spokesman for the Investigative Committee of the Russian Prosecutor 's Office . "  It was not a terrorist act . " In a televised address from his country residence near Moscow , President Dmitry Medvedev demanded that those responsible for the accident get the harshest possible punishment . He sent government officials to Perm to handle the aftermath of the accident , organize medical assistance to survivors and investigate . Prime Minister Vladimir Putin dispatched two planes from Moscow equipped to carry people with extensive burns . CNN 's Max Tkachenko in Moscow and Luis Graham-Yooll in Perm contributed to this report	At least five people detained in relation to fire that engulfed Russian nightclub 109 people were killed when a performance artist juggled cold-flame pyrotechnical maces Around 130 people were injured , with dozens were in critical condition Shocked residents placed flowers outside the burned club in memory of the victims
A crabbing expedition turned tragic Saturday morning when a boat capsized off Northern California , killing four people , a Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman said . A fifth person was able to cling to a rock and was rescued , The sole survivor , 66-year-old Phillip Sanchez , told authorities that he and the others had set off around 8:30 a.m.  11:30 a.m. ET  Saturday on their 32-foot fishing boat , according to a Sonoma County Sheriff 's Office news release . Other boats were out on the water for the opening day of crabbing season , sheriff 's spokeswoman Sgt. Cecile Focha said . Yet conditions were n't ideal , with seas at 9 feet and winds of 17.5 knots  20 mph  . Sanchez 's private boat was hit and flipped over by what Focha described as a "  rogue wave " in Bodega Bay , about 60 miles north of San Francisco . "  The boat pitched , and they were all thrown from the boat , " the spokeswoman said . Responding authorities from the Coast Guard and Sheriff 's Office found four people unresponsive in the water about 40 yards offshore . One was pronounced dead there , while Coast Guard and Bodega Bay fire boats brought the three others to a nearby Coast Guard station . Once there , medical personnel performed CPR in the ambulance . None of the three -- Jessie Daniel Langley , 79 ; Samuel Garcia , 86 ; and David Costa , 60 -- survived . Langley and Garcia were both from Bodega Bay . Costa was from Ripon , California . The Sheriff 's Office said it was n't disclosing the identity of the fourth victim until the next of kin had been informed . While Focha did n't know exactly how long the men had been in the water , she said conditions were perilous with rough seas and water temperatures around 59 degrees Fahrenheit . Sanchez , meanwhile , had swum and clung to an isolated , barnacle-filled outcropping known as Bodega or Seal Rock . As Focha explained , boats ca n't pull up to the rock , so a Sonoma County Sheriff 's helicopter was brought in and a deputy at the end of a 100-foot line pulled Sanchez up to safety . Dressed in a T-shirt and jeans , Sanchez was taken to a Santa Rosa hospital because he was "  very cold " and for treatment of scrapes and abrasions , presumably from the sharp rocks , the Sheriff 's Office said . Authorities do not believe that alcohol or drugs played any part in the incident . While life vests were onboard the vessel , no one was wearing them when the boat capsized . Focha said , "  Life vests are what they are . It 's so tragic . " Nine people missing after boat capsizes in California	Sheriff 's Office : Five set off on first day of crabbing season and are hit by a "  rogue wave " Four are found unresponsive in the frigid water ; the fifth clings to a rocky outcropping That 66-year-old man is rescued by helicopter with minor scrapes and cuts No one aboard the capsized boat was wearing a life vest
Attorney General Eric Holder said Monday that he found it "  frustrating " that the Justice Department has n't been able to carry out criminal prosecutions of executives whose risky banking practices blamed for the global financial crisis . As Holder wraps up nearly six years at the helm of the Justice Department , the attorney general has drawn criticism for his department 's record on white collar crime . Holder frustrated no person went on trial for financial crisis Some critics say the department failed by not bringing charges as a deterrent against shoddy practices on Wall Street . Some fault him for instead extracting billion dollar settlements from the world 's biggest banks . Holder has defended the department 's record saying the settlements are one way to prod shareholder to hold management more accountable . Still , in an exclusive interview with CNN on Monday , Holder acknowledged that the lack of criminal prosecutions of executives "  is something that is frustrating . " "  The American people should understand we looked at those matters , tried to come up with ways in which we could hold people and institutions accountable , " Holder told CNN . "  We have prosecuted certain institutions . We have gotten record amounts of money in and we 've used that money for appropriate remedial measures so that people can stay in their houses , have their mortgages reduced . So a lot of good has come from our efforts in that regard . " Holder noted that he has called for Congress to change federal law to encourage white collar whistleblowers from inside Wall Street to help the Justice Department bring cases . Holder ` cautiously optimistic ' on legal pot There are , he said , "  a number of measures that I think Congress might change so that the prosecution of these kinds of cases is not as difficult as they are . " Here are other things we learned from the interview : 1 . There are "  about a dozen " American jihadists in Syria and Iraq . That , at least , is "  our estimate now , " Holder said . He said the government has "  dozens of investigations that are underway about other people who have either gone or are planning to go . " "  So this is something that is a priority for us on -- at the Justice Department and at the FBI , working in conjunction with our U.S. attorneys , where we 're trying to engage in preventive activities as well , " he said . 2 . He wo n't write a book critical of Obama while the president 's in office . Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta criticized Obama 's decision-making ability , especially in entanglements such as Syria , in a recently-published book . Holder said Panetta 's comments were "  unfortunate " -- and that he should have waited . "  Frankly , I do n't think it 's something that a former cabinet member should do while the president he served is still in office , " Holder said . "  That 's not something that I would even consider doing . " 3 . He 's disappointed that gun control measures have n't become law . Holder said he takes it "  personally as a failure " that Congress did n't react to shootings like the one in Newtown , Connecticut , by changing U.S. gun laws . "  The inability to pass reasonable gun safety laws after the Newtown massacre is something that weighs heavily on my mind , " Holder said . 4 . But he counts gay rights and voting rights efforts as important successes . He listed knocking down the "  final vestiges of discrimination " on those issues among the first of "  a whole variety of things that I 'm really proud of the people of this Justice Department and the way they 've done them over the past six years . " Also on that list : Criminal justice reforms ; record settlements with financial institutions ; and "  the work we 've done in the national security sphere . " 5 . Holder is watching Missouri before making a decision on charges in the Michael Brown shooting . He said if Darren Wilson , the officer who shot and killed Brown in Ferguson , is n't indicted , he 'd first want to see whether Missouri 's efforts were "  adequate . " "  I think what we 'll have to do , as we always do in a civil rights investigation from a federal perspective , is look at what the state has done and then make a determination as to whether or not the state investigation was adequate , " Holder said .	Holder sat down for an interview with CNN Monday Holder to CNN : Lack of financial criminal prosecutions is "  frustrating " Holder also spoke about gun control and American jihadists in Syria and Iraq
CNN  -- Let 's get down to business on the five highlights of Saturday 's Sochi Olympics -- with coast-to-coast agreement on the best story of the day : Hockey . 1 . Rivalry alive and well It was a thriller that came down to a shootout , and we have a new hero of the day . The United States and Russia faced off Saturday , and though it was just a preliminary-round game , both teams played as if gold were on the line . The Americans won a thrilling overtime 3-2 victory that inevitably evoked memories of another dramatic win when the United States upset the former Soviet Union in a semifinal game at the 1980 Lake Placid Olympics . Saturday 's game ended in a tie at 2 . In overtime , American T.J. Oshie scored four times on six attempts in one-on-one confrontations with Russian goalie Sergei Bobrovsky . The exceptional performance by Oshie sealed the U.S. win , though much more hockey remains to be played before medalists are determined . Russia is still in contention for the podium . Oshie , 27 , a native of Everett , Washington , plays forward for the National Hockey League 's St. Louis Blues . Bobrovsky , 25 , a native of Novokuznetsk , also plays in the NHL , for the Columbus Blue Jackets . "  My hands are a little tingling , my feet are tingling , " Oshie said after the game . "  It was pretty nerve-racking out there . We knew it would take 65 minutes and then some . " Said Bobrovsky : "  Obviously I 'm very disappointed . It was a shootout ; we wanted more . It is heartbreaking . " Do n't be surprised if you hear of a controversy in this game : The Russians scored what appeared to be a game-winning goal in the third period , but it was disallowed because the net had moved from where it was supposed to be . 2 . Men 's skeleton As of late Saturday , the only American to win a medal was Matthew Antoine , who took bronze in the men 's skeleton , which is headfirst individual sledding at speeds up to 90 mph , with your face just inches above the ice . Antoine , 28 , a native of Prairie du Chien , Wisconsin , was 2.97 seconds behind gold medalist Alexander Tretiakov of Russia . Winning silver was Latvia 's Martins Dukurs , who was 0.81 seconds behind first place . Dukurs ' brother , Tomass , finished fourth . Antoine 's achievement came despite how he was told years ago that he could n't make the U.S. team because he lacked talent . 3 . Speed skating American favorite Shani Davis was unable to make his way to the podium in men 's long-track , or 1,500-meter , speed skating . He won silver medals in both the 2010 Vancouver and 2006 Turin games . Instead , the day went to Polish skater Zbigniew Brodka who won the gold , but it was by among the slimmest of margins : 0.003 seconds , to be precise . The skater missing gold -- and winning silver -- was The Netherlands ' Koen Verweij . Canada 's Denny Morrison took bronze . Davis finished 11th . 4 . Super giant slalom In women 's Super-G skiing , America 's favorite for a medal , Julia Mancuso , was shut out , too . She had won gold in the Super-G in the 2006 Turin Games  as well as two silvers in the 2010 Vancouver Games in the super combined and downhill contests  . It was the Austrians , however , who took two of three medals , with a German skier taking the other . The Sochi course was rigorous , causing 18 of 49 skiers to crash or miss a turn , especially early in the competition . Winning gold was Austrian Anna Fenninger , making it her first Olympic medal . Germany 's Maria Hoefl-Riesch took silver , and Austria 's Nicole Hosp won bronze . Mancuso finished eighth . 5 . Short-track speed skating Who does n't like short-track speed skating that American Apolo Ohno made fun and breathtaking to watch ? Ohno is retired , and his mantle is being passed to J.R. Celski , a native of Monterey , California . But in Saturday 's 1,000-meter men 's short-track , the Russians nearly swept : Victor An took gold and Vladimir Grigorev took silver . Winning bronze was Dutchman Sjinkie Knegt . An 's gold medal was Russia 's first ever in short-track . The medal was An 's second of the games : He earlier won bronze in the 1,500-meter short-track . An , 28 , a native of Seoul , South Korea , earlier went by the name Ahn Hyun-Soo and represented South Korea in the 2006 Turin Games when he won individual gold in the 1,000-meters and 1,500-meter short-track events . It has n't been easy for An : He missed the 2010 Vancouver Games because he crashed into a wall during training in 2008 and suffered a near career-ending knee injury that required four surgeries over 15 months . He changed his allegiance to Russia after he could n't qualify for the Vancouver Games and now has Russian citizenship . Celski had a final ranking of 13th , behind two other Americans , Chris Creveling at 10th and Eduardo Alvarez at 11th .	Americans beat the Russians in a shootout in early-round hockey game American Matthew Antoine wins bronze in men 's skeleton American favorite Shani Davis does n't medal in men 's 1,500-meter speed skating Russians dominate in men 's short-track skating and Austrians in women 's Super-G
CNN  -- Justin Bieber has been a household name since before he was old enough to drive . We listened as his voice changed and watched him trade in his purple hoodies and signature swoopy hair for low-riding pants and a more voluminous ` do . The 19-year-old pop star is one of many celebrities who 've grown up under the proverbial microscope , where the simplest rites of passage -- like grabbing your girlfriend 's backside during a passionate make-out session -- are headline fodder . It 's nothing we have n't seen before . Stars like Christina Aguilera and Shia LaBeouf would likely agree that the transition from teen sensation to adult icon is seldom seamless . For whatever reason , Bieber might have considered himself to be an exception . "  I think I 'll make a smooth transition from a teen star to an adult star , " he told USA Today in 2011 . "  I do n't want to grow up too quickly and do anything that 's not smart . " Two years later , 2013 is shaping up to be that fateful time in the Canadian-born star 's career . In January he was seen holding what sites identified as marijuana in one photograph , while another showed him getting handsy with a female fan . Earlier this month , Bieber had his "  worst birthday , " and angered fans when he was late to the stage for a sold-out show at London 's O2 Arena . The most recent Bieber news is n't any more flattering . According to authorities , the singer 's neighbor is accusing him of "  battery and threats " after a confrontation took place outside his California home on Tuesday . As The New York Times pointed out after the "  Girlfriend " singer 's 18th birthday last year , "  Mr. Bieber can be his own man , sure , so long as he continues to belong to everyone else too . " Despite rejecting comparisons to Justin Timberlake , Bieber would be lucky to moonwalk into adulthood the way the "  Suit & Tie " singer has . Of course , Timberlake had the support of his boy band 'N Sync behind him when he made the leap . It also helped that there were other male stars around , like the Backstreet Boys , helping to dim the harsh limelight . Bieber does n't exactly have a counterpart today . While "  Twilight " stars Taylor Lautner and Robert Pattinson , or "  Hunger Games " stars Liam Hemsworth and Josh Hutcherson , have distracted the media -- and countless tween fans -- Bieber remains in a league of his own . Miley Cyrus can likely relate . Every step of her own maturation -- from the time she danced with a pole at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards , to her drastic haircut in 2012 -- has made headlines . The "  Ca n't Be Tamed " singer and "  Last Song " actress issued a public apology after a video surfaced of her smoking salvia  an herb sold legally in many health food stores  in 2010 . "  But do you really think it was a mistake ? " Marie Claire 's Kimberly Cutter asked Cyrus in a 2011 interview . "  Obviously college kids your age all over America are smoking bongs with a lot more than salvia in them . " "  But they 're not Miley Cyrus , " she said . "  They 're not role models . So for me it was a bad decision , because of my fans and because of what I stand for . " Cyrus is getting older , but she 's not in and out of court  no offense , Lindsay  , or getting into car wreck after car wreck  no offense , Amanda  , so is n't the "  good girl gone bad " label pushing it ? Another former Disney princess who 's growing up in the public eye is Bieber 's former girlfriend , Selena Gomez . The singer-actress is attempting to shed her Disney image  without muddying her squeaky-clean off-screen persona  by co-starring in the raucous crime dramedy "  Spring Breakers . " Gomez has n't taken nearly as much heat as Cyrus , though she has shown a fair amount of side boob with her red carpet choices of late . Despite the age-old idea that each generation is more reckless than the last , Bieber and his famous peers do n't appear to be rebelling so much as they 're just getting older . Jada Pinkett Smith , whose son Jaden is friends with Bieber , recently took to her Facebook page to express her frustrations with the way young stars are treated : "  Is it okay to continually attack and criticize  Bieber  a famous 19 year old who is simply trying to build a life , exercise his talents while figuring out what manhood and fame is all about as he carries the weight of supporting his family as well as providing the paychecks to others who depend on him to work so they can feed their families as well ? " She wrote . "  Does that render being called a c -- by an adult male photographer as you try to return to your hotel after leaving the  sic  hospital ? " Sure , Bieber has consciously snapped a few pictures of his bare abs , and strolled through the airport topless , but the singer has n't even been present for some of the events that produced the most scandalous and tragic headlines of all . In 2011 , a California woman alleged in a paternity lawsuit that Bieber fathered her 3-month-old baby boy . And in January , a photographer was killed by oncoming traffic after he thought he saw Bieber sitting in his white Ferrari in Los Angeles . "  While I was not present nor directly involved with this tragic accident , my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim , " Bieber said in a statement . "  There 's a lot of pressure on this kid to do bigger , better things , " Jennifer Chancellor wrote on TulsaWorld.com January . "  The adoration could be crushing . Bieber , so far , has mastered it by being himself . That means being human . He threw up on stage once ; he 's raced cars ; he 's partied ... some . " Maybe we should all take a page out of Internet sensation and Britney Spears ' advocate Chris Crocker 's book and just leave Bieber alone ?	Justin Bieber is one of many celebs who 've grown up under the proverbial microscope "  I think I 'll make a smooth transition from a teen star to an adult star , " he said in 2011 2013 is already shaping up to be that fateful transition time in Bieber 's career
AOL Autos  -- For those of you who are schoolteachers , you will understand what I am about to relate . While at the car repair facility , look for certifications displayed on the wall . You lay out a lesson plan to teach a particular topic , for example , how to solve a basic algebraic equation . You proceed to follow the plan , working with your students until you feel they understand the necessary mathematical principles . A couple of weeks pass and , low and behold , you discover that there are several people who have somehow forgotten what they appeared to have learned ! They look at you like you 're speaking another language , and you realize you have to start over with the basics again . Frustrated , you repeat the same process until you think they have it , and low and behold , it happens again . Sound familiar ? I understand your plight . I get the same question from my readers over and over : "  How do I find a good auto repair shop ?! What do I look for ?! " I 've written reams on this subject . As a matter of fact , I 've even created a separate section within my Web site to make this information available , and still the question keeps coming up . So for those of you who have either never read my columns pertaining to this topic , or have "  forgotten , " allow me to refresh your memory with a few updates . Before I start , I want to emphasize that the question "  How do I find a good auto repair shop ? " represents a universal concern . This question comes to me from virtually all over the world on a regular basis  Singapore , Scotland , England , Brazil , Calcutta India , just to name a few  . An interesting story related to this concern : A man from Calcutta  his name is Moeeb  asked me if I would come to Calcutta and open an auto repair shop with him , because there was such a need . To quote Moeeb , "  There is great opportunity for great profits to be made . " He said he would front all the money we needed for a building and equipment . In jest , I pointed out to him that I was not proficient in camel repair and would have to decline . His response was serious . "  Tom , people who can afford a car in Calcutta are wealthy , and they usually drive a Rolls Royce , Mercedes , Porsche , Lincoln , or a Cadillac , and NOT a camel ! i.e. Sheiks and the like . " I still found myself declining the offer , after watching the reaction on my wife 's face to the possibility . Anyway , it just goes to show you , car care problems are the same everywhere ! AOL Autos : Most stolen cars So what is the answer to the universal perplexity pertaining to auto repair ? First of all , start shopping for a repair facility BEFORE you need one . Why ? Because a more sound decision is made when you 're not facing an urgent need for transportation because your vehicle just broke down . We all make poorer choices when we are under the stress of the moment . AOL Autos : 10 best cars of 2009 Call around to various repair shops and ask them if they are members of associations such as : "  NAPA Autocare , " "  ASP , " "  Parts Plus , " "  AAA , " or "  TechNet . " Membership is these associations means the shop has qualified in some way . For instance , to become a AAA Approved Auto Repair Facility , a shop must undergo a rigorous investigation . In addition to having state-of-the-art equipment , training , qualified technicians , and information systems in place , the shop must score high with its customers . AAA contacts about 100 of the shop 's most recent customers and conducts a CSI  Consumer Satisfaction Index  study . AOL Autos : Top 5 crossover vehicles They ask the customers such questions as : • Was the estimate accurate  or significantly less than the actual bill  ? • Was the job done on time ? • Did they fix it right the first time ? • What kind of warranty did they give you ? • Was the shop clean and presentable ? • Did they offer a ride to work or wherever you needed to go ? • Was there a comfortable , pleasant , and clean waiting area ? If the repair facility passes the test , it can hang the "  AAA Approved " shingle . As you can see , membership in associations such as the ones mentioned above is a significant qualifier for a shop . AOL Autos : Best selling sedans Visit the shop . Is it clean and orderly ? Or does it look like it ought to be condemned by the health department ? Ask customers in the shop , "  Why do you do business with this shop ? " Answers such as "  They are the cheapest " or "  They offer a lot of specials " or "  Because the owner is a friend of my father 's " do n't have much credibility . Look for responses such as : "  They fix my car right the first time . " "  I can trust them to do the job at a fair price . " "  They welcome my questions and concerns and take the time to answer them . " "  There are never any surprises when I come to pick up the car . " "  They patiently explain in plain English what the problem is and explain my options . " AOL Autos : Cars with best resale values While at the facility , look for certifications displayed on the wall . If there are n't any , then ask to see their qualifications ; this will tell you a lot about the facility . What shingles and certifications should you look for ? • Do the technicians have certification from ASE , Delco , ASP , and/or manufacturers such as GM , Ford , Chrysler , Toyota , Nissan , etc. ? • Do they have after market training from such leaders as NAPA/Echlin , Moog , TRW , or Bendix ? • How about continued education from BOCES or a technical college such as an Alfred University or Erie County College Vehicle Training Center ? These shingles indicate that the technicians have taken the initiative to go beyond the requirements to keep up with the changes in their field . This indicates serious interest as well as pride in their work  not to mention the fact that they are trained in the latest technology  . And this extra training not only takes time , but costs them a lot of money ! In addition , membership in such associations as the BBB  Better Business Bureau  , ATEA  Automotive Technology and Energy Association  , ASP  Automotive Service Professionals  , ICAR  Inter-Industry Conference on Auto Collision Repair  , and ASE  The Institute for Automotive Service Excellence  tells you that the owner of the shop cares about the quality of the workmanship and , most likely , operates by a code of ethics required by the association . In addition , membership in these associations usually means that the shop is willing to subject itself to an arbitration process that is binding , should the need for arbitration between customer and shop arise . Another factor to consider when choosing a repair facility is the equipment available . Is the shop equipped with state-of-the-art equipment , such as hand held computer scanners and diagnostic software , digital volt-ohm meters , logic probes , lab scopes , and on-line computer systems like CAS , Alldata , or Mitchell-On-Demand ? Do n't be afraid to ask the shop if they have this equipment . These systems and tools are necessary to diagnose and repair your hi-tech car accurately . Without them , fixing your automobile is a hit-and-miss proposition . Sometimes it 's best to take your car to a specialist . Specialists cost more money initially . But because they are specialists , they often know how to pinpoint and repair certain types of problems more efficiently and effectively . Why ? Because they deal with these problems every day , plus they have the knowledge , equipment , and information systems necessary to get directly to the problem . While "  Joe down the street " is floundering and replacing parts trying to correct the problem , the specialist diagnoses with laser-like accuracy . He can locate the problem and replace only the parts that are necessary . Less guesswork and fewer parts translates into money in your pocket , even though the labor rate is higher ! Do n't be short-sighted ! Common areas of automotive specialties : • Transmission and Drivetrain • Computer , Drivability , and Electrical • Collision Repair • Foreign Car Repair • HVAC  Heating , Ventilation , Air Conditioning • Radiator Repair & Cooling System Repair Remember , consider the long-term cost . Do n't sell yourself short for a few bucks . Quality repair is not expensive ... it 's PRICELESS ! Equipment , information systems , and technical training must be up to date ! A final note about shop size . Some people think that the cost of repair varies with the size of the shop  a large shop or dealership is probably more expensive  . Not true ! These days , with the high cost of equipment , training , and information systems , the cost of repair at dealerships , large repair facilities and small shops is balancing out . As a matter of fact , in a lot of cases , I see the larger entities , such as the dealers and larger repair facilities , offering competitive pricing to the little guys . If service facilities meet the criteria I discussed  and the quality of the parts and warranties are similar  you will find prices are about the same , regardless of size . So your decision at this point is a matter of whom you feel most comfortable dealing with . Some people prefer a larger shop or their dealership , others prefer a smaller shop . Do n't trust your $ 25,000 automobile , which carries your family through life 's daily trips , to just anyone . Pick your repair facility like you would your family doctor . In the long run , this approach saves you not only money , but time and aggravation . Even more importantly , a well maintained vehicle is a safer one . Tom Torbjornsen is a veteran of 37 years in the auto service industry , an automotive journalist registered with IMPA .	Start shopping for a repair facility before you need one Ask if they are members of associations such as "  NAPA Autocare " or "  AAA " Another factor to consider is the equipment available Do n't sell yourself short for a few bucks . Quality repair is priceless
CNN  -- A Tulane University football player was hospitalized after fracturing his spine during a game Saturday , leaving him motionless on the field , a team doctor said . Devon Walker was injured when he collided head-on with one of his teammates while trying to tackle a Tulsa ball carrier near the end of the first half in the two teams ' game . The Tulane senior lay motionless on the Tulsa field as trainers and doctors rushed onto the field . Dr. Felix Savoie , orthopedist for Tulane University and chief of sports medicine at the school , said Walker "  never completely lost consciousness " and was breathing throughout the ordeal . SI : NFL week 1 storylines "  It went as well as it can go , " Savoie said of the emergency aid effort , complimenting the Tulsa medical staff and Tulane trainers for effectively stabilizing Walker . "  I do not think , based on the information we have , that his life was ever in danger . " Savoie said Walker has a "  cervical spine fracture " as well as an edema -- or swelling from a build-up of excess fluid -- in his neck . Walker was in traction and in stable condition Saturday night at St. Francis Hospital in Tulsa , according to the Tulane doctor . "  The plan currently is for him to have surgery in the next day or two , " Savoie said . "  There are great spine surgeons and neurosurgeons involved . That 's kind of all we know at this point . " According to his bio on the Tulane athletics website , Walker is a 21-year-old senior majoring in cell and molecular biology . The New Orleans native -- who weighs 173 pounds and stands 6 feet 1 inch tall -- plays safety for the Green Wave , a team he 's played with since walking onto the team and playing nine games as a freshman . Tulane , which was trailing 35-3 at the time of Walker 's injury , went on to lose the game at H.A. Chapman Stadium by a 45-10 score . Tulsa 's coach Bill Blankenship later issued a statement , posted on the football team 's Twitter page , saying , "  Our hearts and prayers are with Devon Walker right now and his family . " After the game , Green Wave head coach Curtis Johnson explained how he 'd told his players after Walker went down to "  play one play at a time and let 's do what Devon would do -- ... go out and play his butt off . " The coach described the mood in Tulane 's locker room as "  somber , " calling Saturday "  one of the most difficult days ever . " "  I thought about just saying , ` Hey , look , let 's not even do anything else , let 's just get on the road and go , " he said . Walker is planning to attend medical school after graduation , according to Johnson . He described the senior as a "  self-made man " who was "  probably the emotional leader " of his time , thanks to his "  infectious " spirit . "  He loves life , and he loves football , " Johnson said . "  Walker is  a very , very good kid , a very smart kid . " Walker is n't the only football player who suffered a frightening injury Saturday . Arkansas cornerback Tevin Mitchel was carted off the field on a stretcher after a big hit during the Razorbacks ' game against the University of Louisiana at Monroe . Mitchel "  has suffered an injury above the shoulders but is responsive , " the Arkansas football team tweeted . When football , same-sex marriage and politics collide Study : Football players more likely to develop neurodegenerative disease Fan dies after fall at football game CNN 's Jillian Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Arkansas player Tevin Mitchel is also injured in a major hit Saturday Walker , a Tulane safety , is hurt while playing against Tulsa He is escorted off the field and is now stable and in traction at a hospital A doctor says Walker has a "  cervical spine fracture " and an edema in his neck
CNN  -- With the new iPhone 5S and 5C due out this week , smartphones are top of mind . And while many are oohing and aahing over the new vibrant color choices for Apple 's coveted phone , sometimes a custom case is much more personal . But customization is n't just for your case ; turns out , there are all sorts of new accessories and apps that let you add personality  and sometimes even functionality  to your mobile device -- whether it 's new or not-so-new . Brit + Co. : 100 creative DIY wall art ideas to decorate your space Cases What better way to combine your love for the analog and digital worlds than with this cross-stitch case ? It comes blank with multiple colors of embroidery thread for you to stitch your own designs .  Cross-stitch newbies , do n't worry -- it has simple patterns you can follow !  If you 'd rather customize your case with photos , a company called Casetagram will let you turn your favorite Instagram pics into a personalized case . It offers case sizes for iPhones , iPads , Android phones , and even some BlackBerry devices . Brit + Co. : Our 4 favorite things about Apple 's new line of iPhones For a case that will really turn some heads , turn to a custom wooden version from JackBacks . These bespoke cases are made from materials like walnut and bamboo , CNC cut and then laser-engraved with any design of your choice . The company offers phone cases , Macbook covers , and even wooden sunglasses for you non-Apple users . If you 're an exercise fanatic , you 'll want to check out Underfuse , a company that designs iron-on cases specifically so that you can attach your phone , keys and other essentials to your workout gear instead of having to hold them in your hand . Brit + Co. : 40 genius no-sew DIY projects Many phone cases are now doubling as functional objects as well . A clipboard case lets you keep scratch paper handy just in case you 're not yet into taking virtual notes . If you 're a handyman or handywoman , you 'll appreciate the added bonus of this measuring tape case or the ReadyCase , which includes many of the capabilities of a Swiss army knife . And finally , for those who might not be rushing to get one of the new gold iPhones but still want to show off a shiny metallic case , check out the Incase Chrome Slider Case . Brit + Co. : How to turn wine bottles into tumblers Accessories & Docks Smartphone accessories are becoming much smarter , cooler , and better designed for today 's digital lifestyle . For instance , the Areaware phone dock is made of solid wood  it also comes in a variety of bright colors  and is meant to resemble one of the original digital flip clocks that likely sat on your bedside table decades ago . The modern woman will see the value in a new brand called Everpurse , which has a patent-pending design on a handbag with a smartphone charging pocket inside . Just drop your phone in and it will automatically start charging the battery . No cords required . Brit + Co. : Life lessons : How to waterproof your shoes One of the more progressive smartphone accessories may be the gTar , an iPhone-compatible electric guitar that actually teaches you how to play music . It 's made out of solid basswood and works with hundreds of music apps , so that you can learn to create , compose and play all at once . Wallpaper and Apps If you 're not up for a new case but still want to make your phone one-of-a-kind , try updating your wallpaper background with something meaningful . While a photo is the classic way to spruce things up , a custom quote or design is also great to throw into the mix . Here 's a free downloadable design  get it for Android , iPad or iPhone 5  featuring Maya Angelou 's famous quote , "  You ca n't use up creativity . The more you use , the more you have . " And if you 're one of those people who is always forgetting what day it is , you might be interested in Red Stamp 's calendar wallpaper . It updates every month and works for PCs , iPhones , iPads and Android devices . Brit + Co. : The 25 best couple costumes ever To browse even more ways to reinvent your phone -- from DIY ideas to innovative cases and accessories -- explore more ideas from Brit + Co. .	The new colored iPhones are no reason to stop accessorizing Custom iPhone cases do n't have to stop at phones : They can be guitars Decorate the inside of your iPhone as well with a custom wallpaper
Wired  -- Apple has sent a clear message to any developers who try to game its iTunes App Store . Software developer Molinker has been kicked out , along with more than 1,000 of its iPhone applications . The Chinese developer had , according to some estimates , 1,000-plus applications in the store , most of which were copycat knockoffs of existing applications . When a friend of writers at the iPhoneography photography blog saw these rather poor applications consistently scoring 5-star reviews , they got suspicious . Some investigation showed that Molinker 's applications were getting many top ratings and almost nothing in the 2-to-4-star range . In fact , the only other ratings were often 1-star , and likely the only truthful feedback on the apps ' pages . iPhoneography wrote a long letter to Apple 's marketing boss , Phil Schiller , and posited that Molinker was giving out promotional codes -- essentially free copies of the applications -- in return for these 5-star reviews . In almost all cases , these reviews were poorly written , and came from customers who almost exclusively reviewed just Molinker applications . This scam was so effective that the applications regularly rose to the tops of charts . One , called ColorMagic , even made it into the Staff Favorites section of the store  which brings some doubt as to whether these are actually staff picks at all  . After a week of typical Apple silence , iPhoneography wrote again , and received a reply direct from Schiller : "  Yes , this developer 's apps have been removed from the App Store and their ratings no longer appear either . " So what , you say ? Some dodgy developer got its entire portfolio chucked down the memory hole , and the App Store continues as if Molinker had never existed . First , the scale of this purging is huge : 1,000 applications represents almost 1 percent of the entire App Store offering . This alone shows that Apple is happy to do whatever it takes to keep its house clean . It also shows the power that Apple has over those that sell in its exclusive marketplace . Sure , Molinker was caught cheating , and punished , but Apple could pull the same trick on any developer , for any reason . We do n't think that it would , butiPhone developers are a nervous bunch as it is , rubbing on rabbits ' feet and crossing their fingers as their creations make their way through a fickle and seemingly arbitrary approval process . And what about the customers ? We doubt that Molinker will be refunding all the money it has made selling the applications  plus 30 percent on top that went to Apple , and is non-returnable  . This means that , at best , these customers can keep using their now-banned apps until a future OS update breaks them . Perhaps , though , they should have bought better applications in the first place ? This is the key . Because there is no clear way to try-before-you buy , the shareware model that works so well for computers , the ratings are absurdly important to choosing an application . Molinker 's scam , then , is almost a symptom of the App Store setup itself . Can Apple actually be blamed for the rise of the ratings scamsters ? Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Apple kicks software developer Molinker and its 1,000 apps out of its App Store Chinese developer was accused of trading free apps for good reviews Writer : Move shows Apple 's willingness to clean house to maintain integrity of its store Customers are likely able to keep Molinker apps until next operating system update
CNN  -- You may have just unwrapped your new iPad 2 , but rumors are already swirling about the iPad 3 . The always-fertile field of Apple rumors is once again blossoming furiously , as tech observers pore over the most minute tidbits of information to speculate on the future of the market-leading Apple tablet . While much of the chatter is just that , there are a few details to be gleaned in all the usual fervor that precedes an Apple "  iLaunch . " It was January 2010 when Apple unveiled the "  magical " iPad , introducing much of the general public to the concept of a tablet computer for the first time . With the massive Consumer Electronics Show set for January 10-13 and MacWorld/iWorld -- billed as "  the world 's ultimate fan event " for Apple lovers -- scheduled for January 26-28 , observers are wondering whether Apple could soon roll out the third generation of the device . On Thursday morning , the conventional wisdom in the blogosphere seemed virtually sure that Apple would do so . But by Friday , many tech pundits were saying there 's no way it will happen . Tomorrow ? Who knows ? "  We 've entered a post-iPhone news cycle , when iPad rumors are surfacing with full force , " wrote Leslie Horn for PC Magazine . "  Of course the launch date has been discussed quite a bit , as it goes with any anticipated Apple device . ... But the reality with an Apple gadget is that we 'll have to wait and see . " Other tidbits making the rounds ? That a new model will be rolled out February 24 , which would have been Steve Jobs ' birthday , or in March , the same month the iPad 2 was introduced . Richard Shim , an analyst at research firm DisplaySearch , told CNET that a January release date might be wishful thinking . January is "  a little suspect , " Shim told the blog . "  When they make them available they want to have as many as possible . And my sense is that they will wait rather than make them immediately available . " But from folks who monitor the supply chain of Apple components in Asia and other analysts , a few plausible details have emerged : Faster processor . Several reports have suggested that the new iPads will have a new , faster processor that will offer quicker browsing , gaming and other activity . Apple recently started using a plant in Austin , Texas , to manufacture computer chips , according to a Reuters report and other sources . Analysts have speculated that facility , owned by Samsung , could be the source of the new processors . Sharper screen . It 's also a relatively safe bet to expect a higher-resolution screen , an upgrade that 's been a staple in most new permutations of Apple 's mobile products . Reports of a much stronger battery have also surfaced in multiple places and seem to have some merit . Voice control . One ca n't help wonder whether Apple will add Siri , the iPhone 4S 's voice-control "  virtual assistant , " to the new iPad as well . A cheaper iPad . Also possible is that Apple will attempt to address , in some way , the recent success of the smaller , simpler Kindle Fire tablet from Amazon , which costs $ 300 less than the entry-level iPad 2 . No single tablet computer from Apple 's competitors had gained much traction until Amazon rolled out the Fire this holiday season . The company says it sold more than 4 million Kindles in December , and most of those are believed to be Kindle Fires . How Apple may address that competition has prognosticators split . Taiwan-based DigiTimes , which sparked much of Thursday 's speculation with a report that the new iPad will be unveiled in January , also reported that the company will roll out two new tablets and that the iPad 2 would get a price cut to let it compete more directly with the Fire . It should be noted that DigiTimes has a somewhat spotty track record , doing pretty well with reports out of its native Taiwan but missing the mark more often on other news  . The same site quoted unnamed sources just two weeks ago saying that Apple would be unveiling a 7-inch tablet to match the Fire , a departure that would seem unlikely unless it was in the works well before Amazon 's new gadget was announced . Shim attempted to throw cold water on the concept that Apple will take a step back in features to try to snuff Amazon . "  They do n't want to create any hint of a second-class product , " he told CNET . "  They have no reason . They 're selling as many as they can make . And this next-generation device is going to reinforce that supply-demand dynamic . "	Rumors about the iPad 3 are heating up as 2012 dawns The original iPad was unveiled in January 2010 , iPad 2 in March Sources expect a higher-resolution screen and faster processor Many wonder whether Apple plans to go after the cheaper , smaller Kindle Fire 's market
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama met Monday night with his national security team on Afghanistan and Pakistan , the White House announced . It was the ninth meeting of the president 's war council to consider whether to send more troops to Afghanistan , as requested by the U.S. commander on the ground there . The White House made no statement after the meeting ended at 10 p.m. ET  0300 GMT  . The meeting included Vice President Joe Biden , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen , Afghanistan commanding Gen. Stanley McChrystal , U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Karl Eikenberry and other senior officials , the White House said earlier . At the last war council meeting -- on November 11 , Veteran 's Day -- Obama pushed for revisions in proposed plans for troop increases to clarify how and when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility to the Afghan government . Obama would seek answers to the questions he posed on November 11 about "  not just how we get people there , but what 's the strategy for getting them out , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said before the meeting . No matter what happened at the meeting , Gibbs said , Obama will not announce a decision on troop deployment until at least next week . One option calls for sending about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in addition to the 68,000 already committed to the country , with other options involving variations of that plan , sources told CNN . Before the November 11 meeting , Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. military commander in the Middle East , told CNN that the decision-making process was approaching completion . Petraeus emphasized the need to focus on the mission of ensuring that Afghanistan "  does not once again become a sanctuary or safe haven for al Qaeda and the kind of transnational extremists that carried out the 9/11 attacks . " The Obama administration has expressed concerns about Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai 's viability and has ratcheted up pressure to end corruption in order to combat an intensifying Taliban insurgency . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , on a trip to Afghanistan last week to attend Karzai 's inauguration after his recent re-election , reiterated the U.S. concerns in a dinner meeting with Karzai and encouraged him to seize the "  clear window of opportunity " before him at a "  critical moment " in Afghanistan 's history . The United States and other countries are increasing their civilian presence in Afghanistan to bolster efforts to stabilize the country , the the U.S. special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan , Richard Holbrooke , told reporters on Monday . Asked about the corruption problem , Holbrooke noted that some Afghan government ministers have "  extraordinary records " of accomplishment . The United States will work with those ministers , while recognizing that years of civil war and social woes have weakened overall leadership capabilities in Afghanistan , he said . "  This is one of the main reasons we 're increasing our civilian role , " Holbrooke said . "  And it 's extremely delicate to get the mix right . We want to help the Afghans help themselves . We do not want to replace a sovereign government with internationals . " Republican opponents are pushing Obama to quickly agree to McChrystal 's reported request for up to 40,000 additional troops in Afghanistan as part of a counterinsurgency strategy . "  This wo n't be perfect or easy , but it will allow America 's fighting men and women to leave Afghanistan with honor , and it will enable Afghans to build a better , more peaceful future , " said a letter to Obama from 10 Republican senators sent on Veteran 's Day .	NEW : White House makes no statement after meeting ended Obama will not announce decision until at least next week Meeting included Biden , Gates , Mullen , McChrystal , Eikenberry , White House says Obama wanted clarification on how , when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility
CNN  -- For some , this week in Europe will be consumed by a singing contest . Eurovision . A contest where musical ambassadors from all over Europe and beyond come together as an instrument for political jockeying ... I mean to showcase their talent in a performance of free expression . In either case , it makes this year 's venue -- Azerbaijan -- a controversial one , but also an excellent opportunity for international advocacy to do some good . Eurovision is a singing contest whereby each country participant , which includes most countries in Europe and others who are members of the Eurovision Broadcasting Union , like Russia and Israel , sends musical acts to a competition that pits country against country . It should be about the performances . But , it is n't . It 's European politics at its most flamboyant . And this show has been a curious reflection of regional politics since 1956 . Historically , Eurovision has offered some interesting outlets for citizen voters . Britain received no votes in 2003 after joining the U.S. in invading Iraq . On the other hand , the contest provided for a coalition with encouraging indications in 2007 when Serbia won after it nabbed the support of Bosnia-Herzegovina , Croatia , Macedonia , Montenegro , and Slovenia . This year 's contest is in Azerbaijan , which is a member of the Eurovision Zone . The venue is a contested one , both when it comes to the country and the actual site for the competition itself . Claims of corruption and political repression plague the Baku government led by President Ilham Aliyev . The Aliyev government is especially infamous for corruption , and Transparency International rates it as one of the most corrupt governments in the world . The Aliyev family is reported to have interests in just about every private sector  which does not include oil and gas in the public sector  , including telecoms , construction , real estate , aviation , and mineral mines . Few were surprised to learn recently that the president is profiting off the Eurovision contest . It was recently uncovered by the Organized Crime and Reporting Project in conjunction with Radio Free Europe that his family appears to have a stake in the company actually constructing the venue . Azerbaijan won the honor of hosting this year 's contest in Baku because its singing duo , Eldar & Nigar won with their song , "  Running Scared " in 2011 . Coincidentally , plenty of people in Azerbaijan are in fact scared . And this reality flies in the face of the polished pro-Western exterior the government transmits to the world . The , actually very , autocratic government cracks down on any dissent . Some reports indicate that the Azerbaijan government is imprisoning 17 "  prisoners of conscience " ; others say it is more like 70 . These are individuals imprisoned not for a crime but as punishment for their exercise of a fundamental freedom , most often freedom of expression . On World Press Day earlier this month , Azerbaijan 's Ambassador to the United Nations , and current Security Council President , Agshin Mehdiyev told a room of journalists that Azerbaijan has a "  free media " and "  does not need world press day . " People inAzerbaijan tell a different story . And embarrassingly , the ambassador was clearly unaware of the occasion . The month before , an Azerbaijani journalist , Eynulla Fatullayev , had been awarded UNESCO 's World Press Freedom Prize . Eynulla Fatullayev had been unjustly imprisoned in 2007 and released in 2011 . In another attempt to cut off criticism , the Azerbaijan government imprisoned two well known bloggers , Emin Milli and Adnan Hajizade , in 2008 . The bloggers ' crimes : hooliganism . Their real crime : a video poking fun at the government 's recent extravagant payment for donkeys . The two men -- now known as the donkey bloggers -- were released early , after a coordinated international campaign . Today among these prisoners of conscience is Bakhtiyar Hajiyev , a former student of the Harvard University Kennedy School of Public Policy . After the program , Bakhtiyar went home to Azerbaijan to stand in a parliamentary election . He used his campaign platform to call for an end to government corruption . The government did not appreciate this , and began hassling him about compulsory military service . The Council of Europe , of which Azerbaijan is a member , has called repeatedly for alternative civil service to be permitted . The government added constitutional language to provide for alternative service , but in practice does not permit alternative service . Despite legal deferments and a plea for alternative civil service , Bakhtiyar was sentenced to two years in prison -- the longest prison term observed for this crime . With the Azerbaijan government in violation of the Council of Europe , infamous for corruption , notorious for repression against expression , it is indeed ironic that Europe 's most beloved singing contest is held in Azerbaijan . Certainly , the Azerbaijani people are proud of this attention . And they should be . But , this is not just an opportunity for the Azerbaijani people to shine , Eurovision is also an important opportunity for us all to focus on the host country 's government and to demand reform , which to start should be the release of individuals like Bakhtiyar Hajiyev . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maran Turner	Maran Turner says Eurovision is an opportunity for international advocacy to do good The very autocratic government "  cracks down on any dissent , " says Turner The Council of Europe has called for alternative civil service to be permitted She says it is ironic that Europe 's most beloved singing contest is held in Azerbaijan
Inspired by a U.S. fact-checking website , a group of Egyptian activists has created the Morsi Meter , aimed at holding the new Egyptian president to his promises . It 's "  an attempt to document and monitor the performance of Egyptian President-elect Mohamed Morsi " over his first 100 days , the Morsi Meter website says . Much like the Obameter from PolitiFact.com , which tracks U.S. President Barack Obama 's promises , the Morsi Meter lists numerous promises Morsi allegedly made while campaigning for the presidency , including offering incentives and promotions for police who restore security in their areas , new penalties for smuggling fuel , and changes on the streets to improve traffic . It 's a project of Zabatak , a non-profit group that says its goal is to fight crime and corruption . Amr Sobhy , a 24-year-old organizer with the group , told CNN the idea for the Morsi Meter sprang from a conversation he had with another young activist . "  We decided to follow U.S.-like initiatives of monitoring the promises of politicians after the naming of the president , " and one member of Zabatak began to write down Morsi 's campaign vows , Sobhy said . "  We are a group of Egyptians who do n't belong to any political ideology and , for the record , we are not by any means political activists , " he said . "  We are average Egyptian youths who want to use whatever they do best to bring about change in Egypt . " Egypt elections : ` Women need a champion ' Sobhy said he voted for Morsi , the Muslim Brotherhood candidate , over Ahmed Shafik , who served as the final prime minister under ousted President Hosni Mubarak . It was "  a choice between revolution and reproducing the past regime . " The group has not heard of any reaction from Morsi to the website . Unlike the U.S. presidency , Egypt 's presidency is largely a figurehead position -- particularly after the military junta running Egypt recently claimed full legislative and budgetary authority and said the president has no control over the military . Sobhy said that while it 's unclear how much power the president will have , he hopes Morsi fulfills promises through selecting "  a good government " and gaining public support . "  What matters to me here is how much support we are gaining , unexpectedly , " for the Morsi Meter , he said . He believes it will help change how candidates look at the electorate . Sobhy said he got the Morsi Meter online before leaving for a conference in Bonn , Germany . Zabatak hopes to change the "  mindset " in Egypt and get more people to be "  more positive and involved , " he said . "  We want to bring Egypt to a new era of accountability , open government and citizen involvement , " Sobhy explained . The site is not about "  criticism or advocacy , " he added . "  It 's a portal of data . People can use it later , as much as they like , to form whatever opinions they want to hold . " The site currently lists 64 promises . Sobhy says the group will soon launch an official English version . The Obameter , from Pulitzer Prize-winning PolitiFact.com , currently lists about 500 promises Obama made while campaigning for the presidency . It says he has kept 37 % , broken 14 % , and compromised on another 12 % . "  I know of similar efforts we 've inspired in France , Poland and Afghanistan , " PolitiFact Editor Bill Adair said Tuesday . "  We 're thrilled that journalists around the world are adopting the approach of our Obameter . It 's a new form of journalism that holds public officials accountable for their campaign promises . It shows the power of the Web and the value of accountability journalism . " What is the Muslim Brotherhood ?	The Morsi Meter is modeled after the Obameter from PolitiFact.com It currently lists 64 promises The group behind it wants "  a new era of accountability , " a member says The Obameter says President Obama has so far kept about a third of his promises
President Barack Obama , who will act on immigration reform by the end of the year , and his administration have not finalized plans on the issue , but he 's aware of the general details in the expected plan , according to sources in the government and elsewhere who have been briefed on the White House plans . At the end of the day it will all come down to what the legal team thinks can be defended in court , in addition to some political considerations , sources say . "  It 's not like this is the Academy Awards , " one official told CNN recently , meaning that the contents of the envelope are not a surprise . Citing his legal authority as chief executive of the United States , Obama said in a press conference in Myanmar Friday that he would act on immigration reform by the end of the year . "  I believe that America is a nation of immigrants , " the President said . Everybody agrees that the system is broken ; there has been ample opportunity for Congress to pass a bipartisan immigration bill that would strengthen our borders , improve the legal immigration system and lift millions of people out of the shadows so that they are paying taxes and getting right by the law . " The senior White House official who spoke to CNN said that any executive action could come as soon as this week . The White House is also not going to yield to threats of a shutdown . Asked Tuesday about a potential scenario in which Congressional Republicans would try to defund Obama 's immigration action in an upcoming spending bill . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Wednesday that the president 's actions would be within the law . "  We would consider it to be unwarranted for Republicans in Congress to try to undo that executive action using the budget process , " Earnest told reporters , casting doubt that such an a move would "  determine the outcome at all " of Obama 's actions . Warnings from Republicans are not affecting White House plans , according to the official , who said the White House is not going to command less in the executive action order just to appease furious lawmakers . Obama Friday encouraged Congress to act on immigration and said he told Republican congressional leaders that he was interested in working on a legislative solution , but without that he would act . "  I indicated to  House  Speaker  John  Boehner several months ago that if in fact Congress failed to act I would use all the lawful authority that I possess to try and make the system work better . And that 's gon na happen , that 's gon na happen before the end of the year , " said Obama . The senior White House official said that before issuing any order the president will review his administration 's proposals for extending deportation relief to undocumented immigrants with American-born children and those who entered the United States as children themselves . Another senior administration official told CNN that the main contours of the executive action are three-fold : direct immigration agents to allow parents of children who are American citizens to obtain documents that allows them to stay in the United States legally , protect illegal immigrants who came to the United States as children and make clear deportation should still be the policy for convicted criminals . The plans appear to exclude any parents of "  Dreamers , " those who were brought in illegally as children who already have deferred action themselves from Obama 's earlier action , according to sources . Though the general details of the plan are known , it is still in flux , and may change by the time it is announced , according to two other sources briefed on the subject who shared more in-depth details under consideration with CNN . Those sources said that the plan includes a focus on deporting criminal illegal immigrants . The final number of immigrants shielded will be affected by restrictions such as whether people with police infractions such as a DUI can qualify , they said . The plan would include an expansion of visas in certain categories of workers such as those in the technology industry , which is popular with the business community , and more resources to protect the border , according to the sources . The move has been the subject of months of anticipation . But with lame duck legislative wrangling underway on Capitol Hill , the president 's advisers could also wait until next month to make a final decision on how to repair a system both Republicans and Democrats admit needs fixing . And while officials say the specifics of what he will announce have n't been finalized , the broad outlines of a potential plan that eases deportations for millions of undocumented immigrants have been floated by immigration groups for months . For the multitude of groups who are watching the process unfold , the moment is charged . "  Without hesitation I can say the level of anticipation is intense . We were hoping this would happen in September , " said Clarissa Martinez , deputy vice president of the National Council of La Raza . "  It 's long overdue . The sooner the better . " Millions affected An expansion of Obama 's "  deferred action " program  DACA  that went into place in the summer of 2012 is considered to be a likely component of Obama 's immigration action , according to two sources close to the plan who spoke to CNN . DACA delayed deportation proceedings for undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States by their parents as children . In the DACA plan there were caveats on who was eligible . In order to apply , immigrants needed to be younger than 31 at the time the rule was enacted , and younger than 16 when they were brought to the United States . And applicants are required to either be in school , have earned a high school degree or be honorably discharged veterans . The Migration Policy Institute , a nonpartisan think tank , says 1.2 million people were eligible under those rules and nearly 700,000 applied for deferred deportation , with hundreds of thousands more aging into the requirements over the next decade . But many more would become eligible if Obama expands , or eliminates altogether , those requirements , which were meant to encompass the same sector that would have qualified for permanent resident status under the DREAM Act , which has languished in Congress . The sources said that some parents of U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents , or so-called "  green-card holders , " would be granted legal status that allows them to work and avoid deportation . The President 's plan would affect those parents who have been in the United States five years . That move would bring another 3.4 million people into the eligibility ranks , according to a Migration Policy Institute analysis . According to the two sources who spoke to CNN , any executive action is not expected to include broader use of so-called "  parole " status . While some pro-immigration advocates support this idea , it is seen as a red line by many conservatives who view it as a potential way to provide a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants who are parents of U.S. citizens . Currently such parole status is provided to spouses and family members of people serving in the U.S. military . If the parents of children who are eligible under the current DACA rules were included , the number would rise to 3.7 million . Changing those rules could also expand the eligible population : eliminating the education requirement , for example , would allow 430,000 more undocumented immigrants to be eligible for deferred deportation , the Migration Policy Institute estimates . And allowing people over 30 who were brought to the United States by undocumented parents would allow another 200,000 immigrants to apply , the think-tank 's report says . Immigration activists , frustrated with the rate of deportations under Obama and further exasperated with the delay in Obama 's immigration action , have been urging the White House to go big and expand the deferred deportation order in a way that allows the maximum number of people to stay . But many who have been watching the process closely believe the eventual announcement will fall short of those appeals . Political football Whatever Obama finally decides -- and at this point , the options seem clear -- he 'll be met with fierce blowback from Republicans on Capitol Hill , who have spent months preparing for the announcement by warning of executive overreach and political well-poisoning . The White House yielded to politics once already , delaying the immigration announcement from its promised debut this summer to a new date before the end of this year . The move was meant to shield vulnerable Democrats from political attacks on the topic ; many of them lost their races anyway . The postponement was n't met kindly from immigration groups , who said there was n't time to spare on providing deportation relief for the millions of people who could be affected by new rules . There could still be election year ramifications , since Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu remains locked in a runoff contest with a Republican rival . But with the Senate firmly in Republican hands , any further delay would seem to offer little political advantage while only eroding support further among immigration reform activists . "  For us , every day that there 's a delay , and every day that people have to wait , means more people unjustly deported , " said Praeli . Some Democrats want Obama to wait to announce the executive action after essential business clears the House and Senate . Sen. Harry Reid , the outgoing Senate Majority Leader , told CNN the president should hold off any immigration action until a new bill funding the federal government is approved . He said enacting the immigration plan ahead of the spending measure could anger Republicans and risk a government shutdown . "  I 'd like to get the finances of this country out of the way before he does it . But it 's up to him , " Reid said . But no matter when the action comes , it seems destined to ignite GOP furor . The near certainty of an executive action by year 's end has n't slowed Republican efforts to stop it : this week a Republican congressman from Texas , Rep. Joe Barton , said if Obama goes forward with the plan , impeachment proceedings could be a possibility . Those threats are n't exactly a new thing . Democrats have raised millions of dollars by warning their party 's base about impeachment threats from conservative House members . More real is the threat that taking executive action on immigration forestalls any legislative effort on the matter . GOP leaders on Capitol Hill say a new plan delaying deportations would enrage Republicans , leaving little political will to push through a comprehensive overhaul of the immigration system . Obama seems little concerned by Republican threats against making the immigration move , however , pointing out they had an opportunity to pass a bipartisan reform measure in the House but balked . "  I feel obliged to do everything I can lawfully with my executive authority to make sure that we do n't keep on making the system worse , " he said during last week 's news conference .	Obama has pledged to act on immigration before the end of the year White House official says President has not yet reviewed final recommendations But Obama is aware of the general details in the expected plan , officials said The plan is not expected to include the parents of "  Dreamers "
CNN  -- In true finale form , this week 's testimony was emotional , drama-filled and , thanks in part to a spectator who made an obscene gesture at prosecutor Jeff Ashton , not without a few surprises . Even the weather set the tone , storming so loudly on Friday that the thunder could be heard inside the courtroom . After 33 days and more than 100 witnesses , the murder trial of Casey Anthony is inches from its end -- only Sunday 's closing statements remain before the jury deliberates . On Thursday , the defense wrapped up its case after calling to the stand every member of the Anthony family this week except for Casey . She only made a cameo when she personally addressed the judge to answer one of the trial 's biggest questions -- whether she would testify . She declined the opportunity to testify in her defense . Prosecutors allege that Anthony , 25 , killed her daughter Caylee in 2008 by rendering her unconscious with chloroform , putting duct tape over her nose and mouth so she would suffocate , or a combination of the two acts . They also allege that Anthony stored the body in the trunk of her car for days before dumping it in the woods . Anthony faces seven counts , including first-degree murder , in the death of Caylee , whose remains were discovered in a wooded field in December 2008 . If convicted , she could face the death penalty . Anthony pleaded not guilty , and her defense team asserts Caylee accidentally drowned in a pool in June 2008 at the Orange County home that Anthony shared with her parents . The defense team has argued that Anthony and her father , George Anthony , panicked on discovering the body and covered up her death , though George Anthony has denied that scenario . Caylee was not reported missing to police until July 15 , 2008 -- 31 days after she was last seen alive . Casey 's father , George Anthony , was a key player in the defense 's final testimony , taking the stand twice during the final week . On Tuesday , he denied an affair with Krystal Holloway , a one-time volunteer in the search to find Caylee and the woman who claims George Anthony told her Caylee 's death was an accident . George Anthony said his relationship with Holloway was platonic , and he only visited her apartment because she told him she had a brain tumor and needed someone to comfort her . Holloway testified the following day , retelling a conversation she alleges she had with George Anthony . "  He said it was an accident that snowballed out of control , " Holloway said . "  But I was caught off guard with it and by the time I looked up he had tears in his eyes , and I did n't say anything after that . " Holloway stood by her version of the conversation even when Ashton , the prosecutor , confronted her with the differing statement she gave to police . She told police George said , "  I really believe that it was an accident , and it just went wrong and she tried to cover it up . " On Wednesday , questioning of George Anthony turned combative when lead defense attorney Jose Baez suggested he feigned support for Casey in jailhouse conversations while pointing the finger at her behind her back . George Anthony admitted he pulled Orange County detective Yuri Melich aside on July 15 , 2008 , the first night law enforcement visited the Anthony home . He admitted he told Melich the car smelled like decomposition and that his daughter was lying . "  Casey was the last one that I saw with Caylee , " he responded angrily to Baez . "  One and one adds up to two , sir , in my mind , and no matter how you 're trying to spin it I 'm upset because my granddaughter is missing . " Wednesday also brought George Anthony 's second denial of accusations that he molested his daughter as she was growing up , and a full breakdown when he recalled the day Caylee 's remains were found . " -LSB- I felt -RSB- a deep hurt inside , tears , the whole gambit of such an emotional loss , seeing what my wife went through , what my son went through , " he said through sobs . The defense also suggested Wednesday that George Anthony attempted to take his own life in a hotel room in 2009 because he was overcome with guilt . He admitted he consumed a mixture of pills and alcohol because he "  wanted to be with Caylee . " In rebuttal , the state introduced into evidence George Anthony 's eight-page suicide note , full of praise for his wife , longing for Caylee and lots of outstanding questions . "  I sit here falling apart , because I should have done more , " he wrote . "  She was so close to home , why was she there ? Who placed her there ? Why is she gone ? Why ? " Prosecutors argue these questions about her death prove George Anthony did not know how Caylee died , contradicting the defense 's allegations that Caylee drowned and he helped cover it up . In the note , George Anthony also seems to express uncertainty about Casey . He closes the letter by saying , "  I Love you - Cynthia Marie ... Caylee Here I come ... Lee , I am sorry ... Casey -- " In a move the defense hoped would highlight the Anthony family 's dysfunction , the defense called Cindy Anthony , who during direct examination agreed she testified six months ago that she thought Caylee was still alive . "  There was still a part of me that believed Caylee was alive at that time , " she said Wednesday . Cindy Anthony also played a role in the defense 's unexpected final line of questioning -- the manner in which they buried their family pets over the past two decades . During testimony from George , Cindy and Lee Anthony , the defense suggested Caylee was disposed of in the same way the family buried their pets , wrapped in a blanket and placed in garbage bags secured with duct tape . During cross examination , prosecutors pointed out that Casey Anthony was also privy to the family 's burial techniques . The defendant was in high school when their last pet died . Highlights of the week also included testimony from Anthony 's former fiance , which the jury will never hear . With the jury out of the room , Jesse Grund testified that Anthony told him she was molested by her brother . "  She told me at one point in recent years that she woke up one night with Lee standing over her in bed asleep , " Grund said outside the jury 's presence . "  And in another instance was groping her in the middle of the night . " Judge Belvin Perry ruled the testimony was hearsay , and it was not admitted . Roy Kronk , the meter reader who discovered Caylee 's body , also took the stand this week . Baez alleged in opening statements that Kronk is a "  morally bankrupt person who took Caylee 's body and hid it . " Kronk denied moving the body or touching it before December of 2008 , saying he spotted what he thought was a skull in August of 2008 . After several unsuccessful attempts to direct police to what he thought could be the remains , he left the matter alone until December when he returned to the same area . "  I still did n't think it -LSB- the skull -RSB- was real so I very gently took it -LSB- the meter stick -RSB- and put it into the right eye socket and I gently picked it up , " Kronk said describing the moments before he called police . "  I looked down and I realized what it was and I set it down as gently as I could . " The week came to a close Friday with the state 's rebuttal . Witnesses included Cindy Anthony 's former supervisor , who testified company records show Cindy Anthony was at work during the times the defendant 's mother claims she was searching for "  chlorophyll " on the family computer . Earlier , a computer forensics expert had testified that he found searches for "  chloroform " among the computer 's deleted files , but no searches for "  chlorophyll . " Court will resume Sunday with closing arguments . The jury is expected to begin deliberations Sunday evening . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	After more than 100 witnesses , the murder trial of Casey Anthony nears end Court will resume Sunday with closing arguments Prosecution , defense paint opposite portraits of George Anthony The jury is expected to begin deliberations Sunday evening
CNN  An employee at the Tulane National Primate Research Center near New Orleans has tested positive for a potentially deadly strain of bacteria kept at the facility . The employee is not sick , and Jason McDonald , a spokesman for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said the bacteria are not likely to be a threat to the general population . The worker tested positive to exposure of Burkholderia pseudomallei , which can cause can cause melioidosis , or Whitmore 's disease . "  It is predominately a disease of tropical climates , especially in Southeast Asia and northern Australia where it is widespread , " according to the CDC website . The CDC is waiting on additional test results to determine if the exposure occurred at the research center or somewhere else , McDonald said . The CDC and U.S. Department of Agriculture are at the campus , continuing an investigation that began in November when two monkeys were diagnosed with Whitmore 's disease . Six others have antibodies indicating exposure to the bacterium . Since then federal health officials have been working with state and local officials to investigate the source . Blood tests have been conducted on nearly 70 primates at the center , with one testing positive for antibodies , McDonald said . According to the CDC , "  the bacteria causing melioidosis are found in contaminated water and soil . It is spread to humans and animals through direct contact with the contaminated source . "	The CDC says bacteria are not likely to be a threat to the general population Burkholderia pseudomallei can cause can cause melioidosis , or Whitmore 's disease
CNN  -- Amy Stokes is redefining "  family " for South African children affected by HIV , AIDS and poverty . Since 2006 , her organization , Infinite Family , has used the Internet to connect almost 500 teens with nearly 300 volunteer mentors from all over the world . Stokes started the program after witnessing how HIV and AIDS left many children without parents . CNN asked Stokes for her thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 . CNN : Where were you when you got the call that you 'd been selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Amy Stokes : I was attending the Social Good Summit in New York , and I received the amazing news while I was standing in a stairwell at the 92nd Street Y. I am personally gratified and honored to be selected as a top 10 CNN Hero , and thrilled for our entire team . Mostly though , I am very thankful because being selected will benefit the larger cause : affecting the lives of adolescents across sub-Saharan Africa . We are very proud of the impact we 've had . Being in the top 10 both recognizes this and encourages the entire effort . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean to Infinite Family ? Stokes : Since conceiving of Infinite Family , we have been developing , refining and proving that our model works . Volunteer video mentors around the world connect with hundreds of South African teens every week . Expanding those numbers to reach tens of thousands of teens across sub-Saharan Africa is our next goal . We are certain that  this  will help propel us to the growth we envision . ... Most people look at these big problems and think , "  It 's so big , I ca n't do it , I ca n't get involved . " Having had the ability to have people say , "  Oh , gosh , you do n't have to be a millionaire to try something new , " is really powerful . CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award that you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Stokes : We plan to use it to start two new computer labs and , at our existing four labs , connect children who are still waiting to have video mentors of their own . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Stokes : We all learn best from each other , which is why growing up in families and communities of caring adults is so important . More than 50 million children in sub-Saharan Africa do not have this opportunity . ... We 're figuring out how many millions we can serve . I ca n't adopt all of those children , so I have to bring someone else into their lives in some way . ... Infinite Family mentees are highly resilient and hopeful young people . They see and speak every week with their adult mentors face-to-face via the Internet -- an adult who is there for them and imparts life lessons and discusses , challenges , teaches , encourages , befriends and loves them . We play a critical role in helping our youth learn and develop and one day to become contributing members of their schools , communities and countries . Read the full story on CNN Hero Amy Stokes : South African teens get virtual mentoring from all over the world	Amy Stokes was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 Her nonprofit connects South African children with online mentors Stokes : Millions of African children do n't have adults to mentor them
Phuket , Thailand  CNN  -- When Southeast Asia was rocked by a massive earthquake and tsunami in 2004 , Susanne Janson was glued to her television in Stockholm , Sweden . Her two daughters -- 14-year-old Eleonor and 12-year-old Josefin -- were vacationing in Thailand at the time with her ex-husband and his new family , and she had n't heard any news of their whereabouts because phone lines were unreliable . With such a lack of information , it did n't take long for Janson and her partner , Hans Forssell , to hop on a plane . "  I was so sure that when we arrived in Thailand , I would have a  text  message telling me that I could come back home because we missed each other in the air , " Janson recalls . "  Unfortunately , I did n't have that message . " When Janson and Forssell arrived in Khao Lak , the city her daughters were staying in , they learned that it had been one of Thailand 's hardest-hit areas . "  There was nothing left ... everything had disappeared , " Janson said . Eventually , she had to face a tragic reality : that her daughters had perished along with their father and three other members of his family . "  When I realized I would n't bring them back home alive , I wanted to die , " said Janson , 47 . Grief-stricken , and with no interest in returning to her advertising career , Janson was lost . But she frequently remembered the support and grace offered to her by the Thai people in their time of mutual crisis . So when she read that a Thai-Swedish couple she 'd met were building an orphanage in Phuket for children who 'd lost their families in the tsunami , she decided she wanted to help . "  I felt a connection with the Thai people , " Janson said . "  They had suffered so much more than I suffered . Here , you had people that lost children , homes , everything , and they were strong . So I think that affected me , and their kindness to me was such that I wanted to give something back . " In March 2005 , Janson and Forssell returned to Thailand as volunteers at the orphanage , and in 2006 they made their stay permanent . They sold their Swedish apartment and became the managers of Barnhem Muang Mai , a care home that has helped more than 100 children to date . For the first year , the facility cared for children and families directly affected by the tsunami . But as relatives reconnected after the tragedy , the original beneficiaries moved on and Barnhem 's mission evolved . Although Barnhem means "  orphanage " in Swedish , Janson says Barnhem is no longer an orphanage in the traditional sense . "  It 's a home for children and ... families actually in need , " she said . "  We do n't just help children . If we can help a child ... by helping mother or grandmother and keep them together , that 's even better than just  helping  the child . " All of the children at Barnhem come from dire poverty , and they 've often endured abuse , crime or neglect . While most have no one else to care for them , some do . And whenever possible , Janson works to keep families together . Barnhem currently houses 24 children , one mother and one grandmother , providing daily ongoing care . "  Love is the first thing they need , " she said . "  Second  is  food ... but then it 's school and education . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes Janson and Forssell have learned to speak Thai fairly well , and with the help of their Thai co-manager , nicknamed Wow , they strive to give the children a real home with all of the love , household chores and homework that come with it . "  We want to be as close to a family as possible , " Janson said . "  Of course , we ca n't do it all the way , as we are a very big family . ...  But  when something is good , we are happy together . If something bad happens , we cry together . That 's the most important if you work with children . Not so much head , but a lot of heart . " Education is also an important part of the Barnhem home , which is funded by charities , foundations and private individual donations . Janson ensures that a teacher visits after school to tutor youngsters who need extra support . "  We ca n't decide what they should do with their lives , " she said . "  But by helping them with education , we hope that we can help them have a choice . " In June , Barnhem achieved an important milestone . Fame , a teenage boy who 's lived at the home since 2006 , started college . After he passed his entrance exam , Janson found a Swedish family to sponsor his studies . She is excited about what it means for his future and that of the other children in her care . "  We hope we can help the other kids understand that they actually can change their lives , " she said . While Janson has made a new life and family for herself in Thailand , her daughters -- whose remains eventually were found in Khao Lak -- are never far from her mind . "  I think I feel closer to them here than I do in Sweden . I do n't know why , " she said . "  I think of them every day . ... "  My daughters loved their life . And I wanted to show them that I would survive this . And if  I  could help my new children to love their lives , at least one good thing came out of this . " Want to get involved ? Check out Barnhem Muang Mai 's website at www.barnhem.org and see how to help .	Susanne Janson manages a home in Thailand that cares for poor children in need Janson 's two young daughters perished in the 2004 tsunami that ravaged nine Asian countries Since moving to Thailand , Janson has helped raise more than 100 children Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- The U.S. government Friday defended its handling of James Foley 's case after the slain journalist 's mother told CNN that officials suggested the family could be charged if they tried to raise money to free him . Saying everything possible had been done to bring the journalist home , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters officials worked very closely with Foley 's family and with his employer , GlobalPost CEO Philip Balboni . "  Any advice that this department or other departments give to the families about what they should do in these situations is based solely on what is best for returning their loved one home , period , " Harf said during a sometimes testy exchange with reporters . "  Any accusation to the contrary is flatly wrong . " Foley was beheaded in a video made public by ISIS on August 19 . ISIS -- the terror group that 's taken over large swaths of Syria and Iraq in its quest to create a far-reaching caliphate under its strict version of Sharia law -- took credit for Foley 's beheading , saying it was in response to U.S. airstrikes in Iraq . Prior to Foley 's execution , his captors demanded 100 million euros  $ 132.5 million  in exchange for his release , according to GlobalPost . The U.S.-based online news agency never took the demand seriously because ransoms paid for other hostages held by ISIS were dramatically less , Balboni has said . Harf cited Balboni 's statement regarding the ransom demand , while reiterating that under anti-terrorism laws in the United States it is illegal to negotiate with terrorists , such as ISIS . "  It 's part of our job to help the family understand what our laws are about ... " she said . "  But this department would never , and did not ever , intend to , nor do we think we ever did anything that we would consider threatening " the family over a possible ransom . Secretary of State John Kerry told reporters Friday : "  Let me just say that I am really taken aback -- surprised , I guess , is the word , by this comment with respect to the Foley family . " "  I can tell you that I am totally unaware and would not condone anybody that I know of within the State Department making such statements , " Kerry told reporters in Turkey , where he was working to build a coalition to battle ISIS . Foley 's execution was cited by President Barack Obama this week as he outlined his strategy for fighting ISIS , the terror group that calls itself the Islamic State . Even so , Foley 's mother , Diane , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that officials asked family members to "  not go to the media . " She said they were told the "  government would not exchange prisoners , " or carry out "  military action " to try to rescue her son . "  I think our efforts to get Jim freed were an annoyance " to the U.S. government , she said in the interview that aired Thursday . "  It did n't seem to be in  U.S.  strategic interest , if you will . " She said she was "  embarrassed and appalled " by the way the government handled the case . Kerry said he had worked on the effort to free Foley when he was taken hostage in Libya in 2011 . "  Everybody is heartbroken that we were not able to do it " this time , he said . U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice -- after praising the Foley family for doing "  an amazing job ... to try to bring Jim home safely " -- said she "  and others in the U.S. government worked very hard with Diane Foley and her family to try to be supportive , to try to provide what information we could . " Rice also pointed out that hundreds of U.S. personnel were involved in a rescue attempt in Syria to free Foley and others . Official : U.S. attempt to rescue Foley , others in Syria failed "  Unfortunately , they were no longer there , " Rice , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , told CNN . "  But I think that effort ... underscores the importance that we attach to doing everything that we possibly can to bring Americans in captivity back home . " Diane Foley told CNN the location of the hostages was known for more than a year , and the rescue operation came very late . James Foley 's mother ` appalled ' by U.S. government handling of case CNN 's Greg Botelho and Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	Everything possible had been done to bring James Foley home , Susan Rice told CNN State Department says it had a close working relationship with the Foleys Kerry says he was "  taken aback -- surprised , I guess , is the word " by Diane Foley 's comments
Rome  CNN  -- Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta resigned Friday after less than a year in office , according to a statement released by the Italian presidential palace . The country 's President , Giorgio Napolitano , has accepted the resignation , the statement reads . Letta , of the center-left Democratic Party , announced Thursday that he would be standing down , plunging the country into fresh political uncertainty . He 's likely to be replaced by Democratic Party leader Matteo Renzi , a rising political star who won the party 's primary a couple of months ago . Letta 's decision followed a Democratic Party meeting at which Renzi said a change of government was needed , in order to bring about reforms and stay in power through 2018 . The party then officially asked Letta to recognize the need to start a new phase , implying that he should resign . There has been growing disillusionment with Letta in the past couple of months , with many feeling that reforms are moving too slowly and that he is failing to act decisively . Renzi probably will be asked to form a government by Napolitano but it 's not yet clear whether he will be easily able to do so . He has alienated many people on the left in his party but , as a perhaps more centrist leader , he has been able to pick up some disgruntled supporters of former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . Letta was sworn in last April at the head of a coalition government , formed after about three months of uncertainty following inconclusive elections . Italy , the third largest economy in the eurozone , has had more than its share of political turmoil over recent years . The last election to produce a leader was in 2008 , when Berlusconi became Prime Minister for a third time . Since then , all the country 's leaders have been appointed . Berlusconi , a billionaire tycoon who has dominated Italian politics for two decades , was the last elected leader . He resigned in late 2011 after coming under pressure for Italy 's economic woes . Berlusconi was subsequently expelled from parliament after his conviction for tax fraud and can no longer run for office . CNN 's Hada Messia and journalist Barbie Latza Nadeau reported from Rome , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta tenders his resignation He 's likely to be replaced by Democratic Party leader Matteo Renzi The third largest economy in the eurozone has had more than its share of political turmoil Letta was sworn into office last April , ending weeks of uncertainty after inconclusive elections
CNN  -- The New Jersey General Assembly passed a medical marijuana bill Monday that will "  ease access " and expand patient options , including allowing qualified children to consume edible forms of marijuana . The bill , which has undergone numerous amendments , has passed in the Senate and needs Gov. Chris Christie 's signature to become law . Christie vetoed the original bill in August and said he would sign legislation that included a rule that edible marijuana would be dispensed only to minors and that a psychiatrist and a physician both would have to approve before a minor could join the program . The final version of the bill -- which was approved in a 70-1-4 vote -- includes both of Christie 's demands , according to a news release from the New Jersey Assembly Democrats . Christie said last month he was worried about going "  down the slippery slope of broadening a program and making it easier to get marijuana that would n't necessarily go to other people . " The bill was originally proposed after Brian and Meghan Wilson of Union City began a campaign to get what could be life-saving treatment for their 2-year old daughter , Vivian . She suffers from Dravet syndrome , a severe form of epilepsy for which anti-seizure medicine is ineffective , according to the news release . "  For Vivian and many children like her , marijuana may be the only treatment that can provide life-changing relief , " Assemblywoman Linda Stender , who sponsored the bill , said in the news release . "  As a state , we should not stand in the way of that , and today 's vote is definitely a step forward . " The bill also removes the limit on the marijuana strains that may be cultivated and requires parental permission , according to the release . If Christie signs the bill , it would make edible marijuana available to minors through tablets , capsules , drops or syrups , according to the release . "  We are happy that this is finally being signed into law , " Brian and Meghan Wilson said in a statement . "  Our next focus will be working ... to ensure that this law is properly regulated according to the true intent of the law so that Vivian and all of the other patients in New Jersey can finally start getting the type of medicine they need in the form they need . " Stender told CNN that this was a great step but that there is still work to be done , citing the requirement of two to three doctors ' approvals for a minor to be prescribed medical marijuana . Opinions on the use of marijuana , particularly for medical purposes , have shifted in the United States in recent years , with a growing number of people saying that it should be made available by prescription . "  Protection of our children remains my utmost concern , and my heart goes out to those children and their families who are suffering with serious illnesses , " Christie said last month . Lorenzo Ferrigno Bryan Koenig , William Hudson and Kristen Kiraly contributed to this report .	Changes to New Jersey medical marijuana rules pass Assembly Rules on edible forms , doctor approval demanded by Gov. Chris Christie passed Senate Legislation stemmed from parents ' effort to find treatment for daughter 's severe epilepsy
CNN  -- The lone , tattered page from a decimated children 's book sat quietly amid the rest of the rubble . But the words spoke volumes about the pain and nostalgia in the city of Moore : "  I remember my old house , Its rooms so bright and wide . Its halls will echo for all time , With the laughter heard inside . " Mark Toney found the battered page while volunteering with LifeChurch.TV . "  It more than likely came from a house that had been demolished , " said fellow volunteer Jared Bowie , who was with Toney at the time . "  Then I thought about how many houses were full of laughter and memories . " At least 12,000 homes were damaged or demolished from Monday 's abysmal tornado , Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett said . The twister killed 24 people , including 10 children , and injured 353 in central Oklahoma . With everyone missing now accounted for , the daunting road to recovery is underway . Throngs of volunteers have come to Moore to help . Each has a poignant tale about the breadth of the human condition . Juan Olivo started searching for survivors as soon as the storm passed . He documented the search on video . "  Is there anybody here ?! " he bellowed as he walked past heaps of debris . In the distance , deep under a mound of shredded lumber , a man 's voice replied : "  Here ! " Olivo and other volunteers raced to the wreckage . "  We 're gon na get you out ! " Olivo told the man . He later told CNN 's iReport he was stunned at the discovery . Basements scarce in tornado-prone area -- here 's why "  The odds of me filming and capturing this man cry out for help is one  in a  million , and I 'm happy he is alive , " Olivo said . Demands for storm shelters Of the 10 children killed by the tornado , seven were inside Plaza Towers Elementary School . The twister crushed the school and reduced it to pieces . Kyle Davis , 8 , was one of the victims . "  I am angry to an extent . I know the schools did what they thought they could do but with us living in Oklahoma , tornado shelters should be in every school , " Kyle 's mother , Mikki Dixon Davis , told CNN 's Kyung Lah . Her daughter , who was also at Plaza Towers when the storm struck , survived . Photos : The path of destruction from above "  There should be a place that if this ever happened again during school that kids can get to a safe place , " Davis said . "  That we do n't have to sit there and go through rubble ... and may not ever find what we 're looking for . " Moore Mayor Glenn Lewis said he would push for a law requiring storm shelters or safe rooms in new homes . "  What we will do is get the stakeholders here in the city ... and we 'll discuss what we think we need to have , " Lewis said . "  Anybody that lives in any tornado area should have  a storm shelter  , but it 's just the matter of cost . " Custom homebuilder Mike Barnett said an above-ground shelter runs $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 ; a small basement would cost $ 15,000 to $ 20,000 ; and a concrete cellar built during new-house construction would cost as little as $ 2,200 . Looking ahead On top of the human toll and grief , the cost of the tornado 's destruction is astronomical . Insurance claims from the area are likely to exceed $ 2 billion , said Kelly Collins , a representative of the Oklahoma Insurance Department . But the Federal Emergency Management Agency is in "  good shape " to support the recovery in Oklahoma and other disaster zones , such as New Jersey and New York after Hurricane Sandy , FEMA Administrator Craig Fugate said . "  We got full allocation last year with the Sandy supplemental funds , " Fugate said . "  We are looking to continue the response here as well as the previous disasters . " But "  if we have another hurricane , we may need more money . " As Moore continues its arduous recovery , Bowie pondered the page from the children 's book . It shows a charming yellow house set atop lush green landscape . He said it does n't just allude to the joy now lost after the storm . "  It reminds me of the laughter and memories yet to come in the new houses that will be built , " he said . "  The memories are truly found in the heart , not the house . " Moore in bull 's - eye twice , science may know why CNN 's Christina Zdanowicz , David Williams and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Oklahoma City mayor : At least 12,000 homes in the area were damaged or destroyed A volunteer describes finding a survivor trapped under a mountain of rubble At least 24 people are dead and 353 injured from this week 's massive tornado A mayor and the mother of a deceased child call for more storm shelters or safe rooms
CNN  -- It took 14 teams and 45 days of daily intelligence operations to nab one of Colombia 's last great crime bosses in Venezuela , an official in that country said . Venezuelan Justice and Interior Minister Tareck El Aissami on Wednesday gave the first detailed account of the capture of accused drug lord Daniel "  El Loco " Barrera in San Cristobal , Venezuela . The operation to capture Barrera began when Colombian authorities shared intelligence with Venezuela about his whereabouts on August 6 , El Aissami said . Venezuela then deployed 14 "  intelligence and search " teams in three states and the Venezuelan capital to try to locate him . Officials tapped 69 pay phones that may have been used by Barrera to manage his alleged drug empire in Colombia and beyond , the minister said . The monitoring operation stretched for weeks , as Barrera rarely made phone calls himself , preferring to have third parties use the public phones to call Colombia to run the business , El Aissami said . Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announced the arrest in a televised speech Tuesday . He called Barrera the "  last of the great  crime  bosses " and said the operation was directed from Washington , with collaboration between British , Colombian , U.S. and Venezuelan authorities . The British intelligence agency MI-6 and the CIA played a role , he said . More : ` Queen of Cocaine ' killed in Colombia The Venezuelan minister , however , did not mention either the United States or Britain and described it as a solely Venezuelan-Colombian operation . The United States and Venezuela have butted heads over anti-drug operations . Venezuela kicked the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration out from the country in 2005 , and the United States has published reports questioning Venezuela 's anti-drug efforts . This week 's arrest is evidence that Venezuela is tough on drug trafficking , El Aissami said . Barrera was in possession of a fake passport under the name of "  Jose Tomas Lucumi Popo , " the minister said . The alleged drug lord had also undergone multiple plastic surgeries to change his appearance , in both Colombia and Venezuela , he said . In October 2010 , Colombian authorities said they found more than $ 29 million and 17 million euros in cash stashed in two homes that Barrera owned . At the time , the South American country 's defense minister called it the "  biggest drug-money seizure operation in the country 's history . " Earlier that year , the U.S. Department of the Treasury said Barrera played a significant role in international drug trafficking and described him as one of Colombia 's most-wanted drug traffickers , noting in a statement that the Colombian government had offered a $ 2.5 million reward for information leading to his capture . The statement said Barrera operated primarily in the eastern plains of Colombia , between the capital of Bogota and the Venezuelan border . An indictment unsealed in a Florida federal court in September 2011 accuses Barrera of conspiring to manufacture , distribute and import cocaine into the United States . If convicted on those charges , he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said at the time . More : Mexico police capture alleged cartel leader CNN 's Catherine Shoichet contributed to this report .	Venezuelan authorities give new details on capture of Daniel "  El Loco " Barrera It took 45 days and 14 intelligence teams to find him Venezuela 's justice and interior minister makes no mention of U.S. help
Beijing  CNN  -- Watch out , America . China is steadily catching up in space . Between June and August this year , China plans to launch its manned Shenzhou-9 spacecraft and then rendezvous and dock with a space lab which has been orbiting the earth since September . Three astronauts will undertake the voyage , but one of them will not board the space lab . He will remain inside the spacecraft as a precautionary measure in case of emergency . It will be China 's first crew expedition involving manual docking . If all goes as planned , China will become only the third nation , next to the U.S. and Russia , to dock capsules in space . "  It demonstrates China 's continued commitment to becoming a first-class space power with an independent space capability , " says Taylor Fravel , associate professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  . "  This is very exclusive club . " China 's space program goes farther . "  The Chinese manned space program has announced its plan on 20 future space voyages , " wrote Zhou Erjie of the official Xinhua News Agency . "  China also plans to establish its own space lab around 2016 and assemble a 60-ton manned space station around 2020 , when the current International Space Station is estimated to likely retire . " China has also begun efforts to explore the moon using space robotics . The country 's eventual goal is a manned lunar landing . The Chinese exploration plans , announced in December , come as the United States has been scaling back its plans and funding for space exploration . China 's space program has become a campaign issue in the United States . In recent debates among presidential aspirants in the Republican Party , candidates criticized America 's flagging space program . Mitt Romney called for a partnership among "  corporate America as well as the defense network and others " to "  create a plan that will keep our space program thriving and growing . " Newt Gingrich cited China 's soaring ambitions . "  Every serious analyst understands that the Chinese are going all out to dominate space , " Gingrich said . "  I would like to have an American on the moon before the Chinese get there . " To be sure , China is still decades away from a moon-landing . Chinese officials speak of a three-step manned space flight plan : send man into orbit , dock spacecraft together to form a small space lab , and ultimately build a large space station . "  They are currently in step two , " says Joan Johnson-Freese of the U.S. War College . "  For comparative purposes , it 's about where the U.S. was during the Gemini program . " China has been striving to put man into orbit since 1992 . China has developed its own spaceship , the Shenzhou , or Divine Vessel , which observers say resembles Russia 's Soyuz space capsule . Over the years , it has upgraded its launch vehicles , built new spaceflight facilities and trained a stable of astronauts . Still , China did not put a man in space until 2003 , 41 years after John Glenn became the first American to orbit earth . That year , Colonel Yang Liwei orbited the Earth 14 times aboard the Shenzhou 5 space capsule . Yang became an instant celebrity , paraded around the country and overseas . Several months later , he was promoted to general . Yang 's voyage has enhanced China 's image overseas and boosted national pride at home . Only Russia , the United States and China have sent men into space . Before that , China 's space program was largely seen as capable but lacking in sophistication . I saw that myself up close . In August 1997 , I had the rare chance of visiting the Xichang Satellite Launching Center in rural Sichuan province to observe the launch of Mabuhay , the first Filipino communications satellite . Inside a windowless building , we watched Chinese staff work frenetically behind rows of computers and panels . They struck me as quite unassuming in their white wrinkled robes that made them look MORE like doctors in a hospital ward than aerospace experts . There was palpable anxiety before the launch . Two years earlier , a rocket exploded in this launch site after liftoff and killed several people on the ground . This time , when the Chinese-made rocket rumbled skyward , the crowd in the hall cheered . The glitch-less launch restored China 's reputation and self-confidence . Over the years , China has been vying for a bigger slice of the lucrative satellite-launch market . China also looks to harness aerospace technology for trickle-down spinoffs in telecommunications , weather forecasting , agriculture , medicine and navigation . Experts say the upcoming launch will place China close to putting a space station in orbit . Such a station , a la ISS , will enable China to conduct scientific and military research . Experts say the Chinese could use the station to conduct biological , genetic and energy research . At the same time , they could also use it as a platform to spy on potential adversaries or to develop lasers capable of blinding or disabling other satellites . The Chinese space program is largely run by government-owned enterprises or military-affiliated groups . Many of the pilots , scientists and engineers are active or demobilized army officers . China promises to never use space research for military purposes . "  A rapidly developing space industry does not mean China has renounced its commitment to peace , " says Qi Faren , the chief designer of the Shenzhou spaceship series . "  All China is doing is to pursue a peaceful development of the space industry as planned . " Still , experts say , the U.S. remains concerned about Chinese space activities . "  Over 95 % of space technology is dual use , meaning of value to both civil and military communities , " says Joan Johnson-Freese of the U.S. War College . "  While the U.S. is still far ahead of China technically , China has something critical that the U.S. does notâ $ " the political will to push forward . " If the trajectory remains unchanged , experts say , China 's space activities may well surpass those of Russia and the European Space Agency within a decade or so . That will position China just next to the U.S. as a dominant space power .	China plans to launch its first manned flight to dock at space lab in 2012 Country plans to build a space station , working towards a manned lunar landing China 's space ambitions are a campaign issue in the upcoming U.S. election China 's may overtake Russia and Europe 's space activities in a decade , experts says
CNN  -- It was the day before my 58th birthday . I had decided to end my 57th year doing something that was unthinkable when I turned 57 . You see , eight months ago I got the unexpected news that I had been selected as a member of the 2013 CNN Fit Nation Challenge team . At that time , the main event , the Nautica Malibu Triathlon , seemed a lifetime away . I could n't run a mile , swim a single lap or even sit clipped in on a road bike without falling . One of my most enthusiastic supporters over the past year has been a co-worker who has challenged me to do things physically that I never would have done without his support and encouragement . He challenged me to do a local 5K race one month into training when I was sure I was n't ready . Thanks to him , I accomplished my goal of finishing the race without walking . He challenged me to hike the Manitou Incline -- a 2,000-foot vertical climb that is not for sissies ! He also challenged me to ride my bike to work . Which gets me back to that fateful pre-birthday morning . Triathlete-to-be conquers first time in ocean My daily commute is 29 miles one way , with a few serious hills . In the days before the ride , I studied the course and knew it would be a challenge . The night before , I started wondering if I had bitten off more than I could chew . The morning of the ride , I was still uneasy , at one point even regretting that I had accepted the challenge . Everything changed at 5:15 a.m. , when I opened my garage door to wait for two of my friends who had generously volunteered to ride along with me . There was an immediate excitement in the air as we made our final preparations and took off , right on schedule at 5:30 . It is hard to put the next 2Â 1/2 hours into words . Just as I reached the top of the first big hill , I saw a blue car pulled off to the side of the road . I assumed it was someone with car trouble . As I got closer , I recognized the familiar face of one of my co-workers . He was smiling and clapping , cheering us on ! I soon realized that he was there intentionally , something totally unexpected , giving me a mental boost and surge of energy I can not describe . Training dedicated to slain colleague It only got better . Every few miles , much to my surprise , dozens of my friends were staged , holding big signs and cheering me on along the highway . Once we reached our destination , my co-workers were waiting for us , cheering us into the finish line like it was the Tour de France . I have to admit that all the attention was actually a bit uncomfortable for me . I am certainly not the first person who has made this particular ride . In fact , I can not think of a day that I drive to work that I do n't see at least several fellow bikers along the way . I am still overwhelmed at the thought of so many people getting up early and going out of their way to show their support for what I was doing . It was the best birthday present ever . Throughout the day , I was repeatedly asked how the ride went , and if I was sore . My answer was that it went great , and I actually felt wonderful . Most of the credit for that belongs to my friends who rode with me , changed my flat tire , and made me feel like a superstar . Each one of them has been there for me along my fabulous journey this past year . They know where I started and have celebrated my progress . They are just as excited for the upcoming triathlon as I am . Most of all , they validate what I have known all along : I am the luckiest person in the world . At the beginning of 2013 , I was feeling heavy , sluggish and tired . I had convinced myself that , at 57 , that was my fate , and that I just needed to accept that feeling energetic and healthy was a thing of the past . The key to fitness ? Schedule it in From the very beginning , I have viewed my selection as a member of this year 's Fit Nation team as a once in a lifetime opportunity . But being 20 to 30 years older than my five teammates , I thought that I would not be able to accomplish as much as they did . Despite this , I remained dedicated , and focused every day on the advice to "  Keep moving forward ! " That powerful mantra , along with the love and support of my friends , family and co-workers , has given me a strength and confidence going into my 59th year that I never had before . I no longer use my age as an excuse , because it is anything but that . In fact , I have 11 months to set a new goal -- something I 'll do on the day before my 59th birthday that seems impossible today ! Follow Rae on Twitter @TriHardRae	Rae Timme biked 29 miles to work the day before her 58th birthday Timme is training to do her first triathlon with the CNN Fit Nation team "  I no longer use my age as an excuse , because it is anything but that , " Timme says
CNN  -- The Colombian military says it has seized a submarine capable of transporting more than seven tons of cocaine from Colombia to Mexico . This is the most sophisticated tool ever found to traffic drugs from Colombia , local media reported . In a short news release , the Colombian military said that the submarine was ready to be loaded with drugs when found in Timbiqui , Cauca , a small town in the Pacific Coast . According to the local authorities , the submarine is 31 meters  102 feet  long and capable of submerging to a depth of 9 meters  about 30 feet  making it very difficult to locate . This is the first time such a vessel for this purpose has been found in the country . Mexican authorities seized a similar submarine in 2008 . Then , experts said the technology used to build it was of Russian origin .	Military : Vessel was capable of transporting more than 7 tons of cocaine 31-meter-long sub could submerge to a depth of 9 meters , authorities say Similar vessel was seized in Mexico in 2008
CNN  -- The battle raging over President Obama 's health care plan has spread from across the aisles in Congress to across the country . A Tampa , Florida , health care reform meeting sparks noisy exchanges between attendees . Senators this week joined their colleagues from the House at town hall meetings as they spent their August recess in their home districts . But disruptive protests are turning town hall meetings into shouting matches and drowning out discussion over what is and is n't in health care plans in the House and Senate . Videos of the protests have been circulating on the Internet , showing raucous crowds heckling their congressmen , and carrying posters with devil horns drawn on lawmakers ' heads , swastikas or Obama with Adolf Hitler 's mustache . Read more about the proposed plans " Rep. Lloyd Doggett , D-Texas , who had a town hall meeting disrupted by angry protesters earlier this month , said he had never experienced such emotion in his 15 years of holding such forums . Democratic Rep. Brad Miller of North Carolina even had a death threat phoned into his office . A caller said that if Miller supported Obama 's plan , it could cost him his life , Miller told CNN . "  Of course we want a full debate . Of course we want people who have dissenting views from the administration and Congress to have a full hearing . But that 's not what this is about . That 's not the intent of most of these people . It 's not the way the press is covering it , " Mark Halperin , editor-at-large and senior political analyst for TIME magazine , said on CNN 's "  Reliable Sources . " The protesters ' gimmicks , Halperin said , are grabbing the public and media 's attention , and valid arguments over the cost and content of the proposals are being put on the back burner . "  There needs to be a debate in America on whether we should have universal health care . There needs to be a debate on the president 's ideas . If these protesters have ideas , great . Let 's hear them . But if they 're just stunts to cause a disruption that gets the media tripped in every time , again , I think it 's bad for the country whether you want the president 's plan or not , " he said . Watch what Halperin says about the town hall turmoil " Obama 's health care battle has been compared to former President Bill Clinton 's failed effort more than 15 years ago , but CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider said the climate toward health care reform was actually more negative back then . Clinton 's plan had less public support than Obama 's , and Clinton himself was less popular than Obama , Schneider said . Clinton 's plan also barely got off the ground when it went to Congress , and Obama 's proposals have already been through a few congressional committees . So why did n't lawmakers experience the same backlash during the Clinton years ? "  Three reasons , " Schneider said . First of all , "  the calendar . " Clinton proposed his plan in September 1993 , and by the time Congress went on recess in August of the following year , the plan was dead . Learn more about global health care systems " Secondly , people did n't use the Internet the way they use it today , "  so you did n't have the viral communications that rally people to attend town halls . " And finally , experience . "  Conservatives are emboldened by what happened to the Clinton plan . They want to relive 1994 , " Schneider said . Democrats have accused conservative groups of manufacturing the outrage , while others say the uproar is a reflection of the opposition to Obama 's plans . "  These are average Americans that are concerned about this long litany of borrowing and spending and bailouts and government takeover of one industry after another . And this government takeover of health care is just the last straw for many Americans , " Rep. Mike Pence , R-Indiana , told "  Fox News " on Monday . As the emotion has intensified , misinformation has spread about what is and is n't in current health care proposals . "  People are just getting information that 's flat wrong , " Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , told CNN on Monday as a town hall meeting she held came to an end . One of the allegations that picked up traction in recent days is that Obama 's plan encourages euthanasia . Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin fueled the charge on her Facebook page Friday , writing that "  the sick , the elderly , and the disabled " would suffer as doctors have to "  ration care . " In her post , the former Republican vice presidential candidate said Obama 's health care plan would create a "  death panel " that would weigh whether her parents or son Trig were "  worthy of health care . " Former Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean told CNN on Sunday that Palin had deliberately fabricated the charges . "  About euthanasia , they 're just totally erroneous . She just made that up , " he said . "  Just like the ` Bridge to Nowhere ' that she supposedly did n't support . "  There 's nothing like euthanasia in the bill . I practiced medicine for a long time , and of course you have to have end-of-life discussions -- the patients want that . ... Euthanasia 's not in this bill . " McCaskill said she hoped Monday that she was able to correct some of false information out there . "  The notion that I would ever , or that our government would ever do anything to cut short or dismiss the quality of life for our seniors is so offensive to me as an American . ... There 's no rationing of health care that 's being proposed for our elderly , " she said . "  Hopefully , I was able to reassure people that -- not in America . That 's not going to happen . " In his weekend radio address , Obama sought to dispel what he called "  the outlandish rumors that reform will promote euthanasia , cut Medicaid or bring about a government takeover of health care . That 's simply not true . " The White House on Monday launched what it calls a Health Insurance Reform Reality Check Web site designed to combat what the administration considers misinformation about the issue . The Web page features Obama aides discussing various aspects of health care reform .	Town hall meetings across the country have turned into shouting matches "  Stunts " are taking the focus off the real debate , Mark Halperin says "  People are just getting information that 's flat wrong , " Sen. McCaskill says Others defend outbursts as indication of opposition to Obama 's plan
LONDON , England  CNN  -- This week 's Champions League semi-finals are poised to offer a feast of the world 's best strikers . Didier Drogba : Is he good enough to be called the best striker in the world ? The game 's best finishers will face off against each other in the ties involving Manchester United , Arsenal , Chelsea and Barcelona . But of all the strikers who is best ? The storming return to form for Chelsea 's Didier Drogba has certainly pushed his case as the best in the game . The Ivory Coast forward , who had a forgettable first half of the 2008/2009 season , has relished the arrival of Guus Hiddink as temporary manager . He has since proved too good for some of the best sides in Europe . See our list of the top strikers in the world " Drogba 's Chelsea face Barcelona in their Champions League semi-final -- a match that pits him against Barcelona 's potent attacking triumvirate of Samuel Eto'o , Thierry Henry and Lionel Messi . Who do you think is the best striker in the world ? Tell what you think of our picks and who should be number one . Eto'o makes a compelling case for himself as the best in the business this season . Having scored 27 league goals to be La Liga 's top scorer , the Cameroon striker is in great form and pushing Barca towards the league title . And what about the glittering array of talent at the disposal of Manchester United and Arsenal ? Wayne Rooney will once again be crucial to United if they are to retain their European crown . The England striker has been a huge threat this season for both club and country , whether deployed as a striker or pushed out wide . Rooney is ably supported by none other than world player of the year Ronaldo , the club 's top scorer , even though he 's not really a striker . Arsenal may be out of the running for England 's domestic title , but Emmanuel Adebayor and the injured Robin van Persie have fired the Gunners into the last four in Europe 's premier club competition . Indeed Adebayor 's stunning equalizer against Villarreal in Spain is a contender for goal of the season . Outside of this week 's matches in Europe there are still some players who are worthy of consideration . Liverpool 's Fernando Torres is undoubtedly one of the best in the game , while it 's also tough to look past the likes of Zlatan Ibrahimovic -- who has helped Jose Mourinho 's Inter Milan top Italy 's Serie A for much of the season .	CNN 's Football Fanzone picks 11 of the world 's best strikers Didier Drogba makes the list after an amazing return to form Who do you think is the best forward in the world ?
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- National Guard members were on duty in Ferguson , Missouri , on Thanksgiving but the people who came up to them only wanted to spread goodwill , bringing turkey and other treats . CNN affiliate KSDK reported that dozens of citizens visited one post at a shopping center . "  We just all have to make sure that we are taking care of one another , " Terry Pimmel told the station . "  That is our mission . " Gov. Jay Nixon also stopped by to see the troops . Other volunteers bundled up and painted boards that cover the holes where windows used to be in buildings trashed during recent protests , according to CNN affiliate KMOV . "  We came out here because we thought that anything would be better than just blank plywood , " Avi Ryan , 13 , told KMOV . Some members of the family of Michael Brown , who was fatally shot in August by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson , gathered at his father 's place for their first holiday dinner since Brown 's death . There was a chair left empty at the dining room table of Michael Brown Sr. , a photo posted to Twitter by Ferguson Action showed . A shirt with the words "  Gone  Too  Soon " was draped over the chair and Brown Sr. wore a shirt that said , "  Justice . Small protests overnight Perhaps it was the biting cold , or maybe it was because of Thanksgiving . But Ferguson was much calmer early Thursday than it had been the previous two days . A few dozen protesters showed up outside police headquarters in Ferguson late Wednesday night . And standing under a "  Seasons Greetings " sign stretching over the road , they fired obscenities at National Guard members who stood on watch outside the police department 's offices . But there were no incidents , no confrontations between the two sides . Police made two arrests , and no injuries or damages were reported . A protest organizer told CNN that even though the numbers were small early Thursday , demonstrators will return night after night as they have done since the summer when Michael Brown , a black teen , was shot dead by Darren Wilson , a white police officer . Nationwide , protests continued , but they too were peaceful for the most part . In Los Angeles , police arrested 130 protesters on misdemeanor charges of failure to disperse . In Oakland , California , police arrested 35 people for a variety of charges related to protests . At the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York on Thursday morning , seven were arrested after several people broke through barriers near the parade route to protest Monday 's grand jury decision not to indict Wilson , New York police said . Wilson 's future For his part , Wilson is in talks to leave the Ferguson Police Department and may give up being an officer altogether . "  It 's not a question of if , it 's a question of when , " Wilson 's attorney , Neil Bruntrager , told CNN 's Don Lemon late Wednesday . "  Realistically , he ca n't go back to being a police officer . He knows that . There 's no illusion about any of this . " Wilson has said he killed the 18-year-old Brown out of fear for his life during their encounter on August 9 . He maintains he has n't done anything wrong . Though he has n't said much , Wilson sympathizes with Brown 's family , his attorney said . "  His remorse and his sadness about what happened is there , and it 's real , " Bruntrager told CNN . "  But in respect to the Browns , he 's been very careful to sort of stand back . He knows that whatever he says , it 's not going to be read as he means it . " The Browns ' dismay Brown 's parents do n't believe Wilson 's version of events , telling CNN 's Sunny Hostin their son would never have taunted the officer nor reached for his weapon "  He 's a murderer , " Brown 's father said , referring to Wilson . "  He understood his actions . He understood exactly what he was doing . You know , he did n't have a second thought , a pushback thought , or nothing . He was intending to kill someone . That 's how I look at it , " Brown said . "  He was going to kill someone at that point . " Michael Brown 's mother said hearing that a grand jury had decided not to indict the officer who killed her son felt like getting shot . "  We heard this and it was just like , like I had been shot . Like you shoot me now -- just no respect , no sympathy , nothing , " Lesley McSpadden told Hostin on Wednesday . "  This could be your child . This could be anybody 's child . " Investigation continues Back in Ferguson , a one-mile stretch of West Florissant Avenue , the site of previous protests , was closed to cars and pedestrians , with authorities saying the burned-out buildings on the route are crime scenes . One of those buildings is Flood Christian Church , where Michael Brown Sr. is a member . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is leading an investigation into the fire that destroyed the church , a spokesman said . Investigators have found that someone broke into the church , and the fire began in a foyer near the doors that were breached , the ATF spokesman said . The church is some distance away from the strip of stores that burned Monday . Other nearby structures were untouched , which is cause for suspicion , the spokesman said . Also Wednesday , Ferguson police were looking for clues as to who stole an AR-15 that was locked in a rack and plucked from a police car torched by rioters this week . "  They took the entire rack from the car , " St. Louis County police Sgt. Brian Schellman said . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson CNN 's Moni Basu reported from Ferguson , and Steve Almasy and Saeed Ahmed wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Faith Karimi , Jason Hanna and Evan Perez contributed to this report .	NEW : Volunteers bring turkey and other Thanksgiving treats to National Guard soldiers NEW : Michael Brown 's father leaves one chair empty at table ATF is investigating possible arson at Michael Brown Sr. 's church Officer Darren Wilson is in talks to leave the Ferguson Police Department , lawyer says
New York  CNN  -- Today 's bipartisan health care meeting is being called a summit , a term that brings to mind diplomatic missions during wartime . That 's a fitting description for the atmosphere in Washington . Political opponents are considered enemies . Health care is just the latest example of government dysfunction ; it 's been derailed by hyper-partisanship , over-spending and the disproportionate influence of special interests . Independent voters , the largest and fastest growing segment of the electorate , hold the balance of power in American politics , but they have once again been shut out of the debate . The professional partisans in Washington ignore them at their peril . Many Americans associate broken government with the chaos that followed Hurricane Katrina and the anxieties that accompany the current manic recession . But the roots of independent voters ' frustration go deeper . For them , the first modern evidence of failure from the federal government came during the late 1960s , when the social spending of Democratic President Johnson 's Great Society failed to stop urban blight by throwing taxpayer money at the problem . One presidency later , the country confronted the corruption of Watergate from Republican President Nixon . Washington grew more harshly partisan , with political opponents determined to delegitimize any president from day one of his term . As the two parties grew more polarized , power shifted from the center to the margins , and special interests increased their influence . In reaction , the ranks of independent voters grew from 20 percent of the electorate at the start of the 1960s to 30 percent after Watergate . When Ross Perot ran for president as an Independent in 1992 , the self-made businessman presented himself as a nonideological problem solver . His campaign gained traction because both parties had lost credibility as stewards of fiscal responsibility , with overspending and then-record deficits . Perot briefly led in the polls , and independents spiked to 36 percent of the electorate . The divided government of President Clinton and House Speaker Newt Gingrich ultimately produced hard-won budget surpluses . But when President Bush and the Tom DeLay-led Republican Congress ruled Washington during the last decade , surpluses again turned to deficits and independents turned against the GOP . Independents listed the economy as their No. 1 issue back in 2007 , when Democrats said health care and Republicans said terrorism . Moderates and the middle class -- the people who determine who wins elections -- felt squeezed even before the fiscal crisis , with rising health care and energy costs absorbing whatever benefit they might have received from tax cuts . After watching the jet set excess of the Bernie Madoff class from afar , they were left with less and still asked to clean up the mess . Now , as they try to balance their own budgets at home , they see big government and big business -- Washington and Wall Street -- piling up huge debts and passing the buck to the taxpayer . It was in this environment that independents began to break with President Obama last spring , after voting for him in 2008 by an eight-point margin . The change they voted for was rooted in candidate Obama 's calls for an end to politics that "  played to the base " and a restoration of fiscal responsibility . The liberal House leadership 's private negotiations over the $ 787 billion stimulus bill seemed to contradict those promises . And the subsequent health care debate was derailed in part because it was seen as adding additional spending and leading to the growth of government . In reaction , independents reasserted themselves , their numbers growing quickly and reaching 43 percent by September 2009 , according to a monthly Washington Post/ABC News poll . In Virginia , New Jersey and Massachusetts ' elections , independents voted by at least a 2-to-1 margin for Republican candidates . Exit polls showed they were voting to send a message to Washington , not necessarily endorsing the Congressional Republicans ' agenda . Independents ' anger today is focused on familiar targets : hypocritical politicians , over-spending and a lack of agreement on solutions from Washington . Independents feel they are paying more and getting less . They believe the system has been rigged to benefit special interests at the expense of the national interest . As bitter partisanship increases government 's dysfunction , more voters are declaring their independence from politics as usual . Today 's bipartisan health care summit is a step in the right direction . Independent voters want to see the warring parties in Washington speaking to each other in the presence of television cameras , ensuring at least a degree of civility and accountability . It 's more difficult to demonize the opposition when talking with them . But photo-op centrism is , of course , not enough . It must be followed by substance . To really change the culture of Washington , we need to change the rules that reinforce this predictable partisanship . The quickest policy cure would be to change the rigged system of redistricting that creates congressional ` safe seats ' and replaces competitive general elections with closed primaries , where party activists reign supreme . Nonpartisan redistricting and open primaries would reward politicians who reach across the aisle , and would empower independent voters . Americans ' sense that government is broken did n't happen overnight , and it wo n't be solved overnight . It will take time to restore trust in Washington . But substantive efforts to depolarize our politics will lead to the politics of problem solving . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon says health care summit comes amid a period of bipartisan dysfunction in government Historically , frustrated independent voters increase in this climate , hold balance of power , he says Let down by bipartisan gridlock , stalled agenda , faltering economy , independents have broken with Obama Avlon : Health care meeting is chance for parties to show independents they can change
CNN  -- France on Saturday welcomed an agreement between military coup leaders in Mali and a regional bloc that would return the country to democratic rule , two weeks after a coup plunged it into turmoil . Mali state television announced late Friday that the leader of Mali 's coup , Captain Amadou Sanogo , and the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  had signed up to the plan . The parties agreed to set up a transition process leading to a presidential election , Sanogo said , in exchange for the end of trade and diplomatic sanctions . A transitional prime minister will lead the transition "  to manage the crisis in the north of Mali and to organize free , transparent and democratic elections in accordance with a road map , " he said . The announcement of a promised return to civilian rule came shortly after separatist rebels , who had captured large areas of Mali 's vast Sahara region in the north of the country , declared independence for a region they call Azawad . A French foreign ministry statement urged all parties to put the measures set out in the agreement into effect as soon as possible , especially those laying the groundwork for presidential elections . The presidents of Ivory Coast and Burkina Faso , both members of ECOWAS , will meet to discuss the next steps , the foreign ministry said . Once a constitutional government is restored , France -- the former colonial power in Mali -- will resume military and civil cooperation with Mali , the statement said . France will help the future government find a political solution to the problems in northern Mali , where the Tuareg rebels have gained control , it said . France also urged the rebel leaders to seek a political resolution . Journalist Katarina Hoije , in the capital , Bamako , said the coup leaders had been left with little choice but to agree to the plan after coming under sustained pressure from ECOWAS and losing ground to rebel groups . The rebels say they will continue to fight to preserve the territory they have gained , Hoije said , although it is unclear how much control they have on the ground . The rebel declaration of independence was made in a statement posted online by the secretary general of the Azawad National Liberation Movement  MNLA  . The claim followed "  more than 50 years of corruption and poor governance with the complicity of the army and the politicians , putting people 's lives at risk in Azawad , " the MNLA said . In a statement , the African Union expressed its "  total rejection " of the rebels ' independence claim . The African Union will do all it can to restore the authority of the government of Mali to its entire territory and "  bring to an end the attacks being carried out by armed and terrorist groups in the northern part of the country , " it said . French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet said the declaration of independence in northern Mali was meaningless if it was not recognized by African states . The rebels had called a cease-fire Thursday , saying they had captured key territory in the Sahara region and achieved their military mission . The Tuaregs , who consider Azawad to be the cradle of their nomadic civilization , launched an insurgency in January to achieve a separate homeland . The conflict has uprooted more than 200,000 people from their homes . Buoyed by the chaos after last month 's coup , the rebels swept through the north and wrested control of several strategic cities , including Kidal , Gao and Timbuktu . The rebels effectively split the West African nation in two , and northern areas remained volatile and tense , preventing aid agencies from accessing displaced people , the United Nations refugee agency said Thursday . Kidal , Gao and Timbuktu experienced days of looting , abductions and chaos after they were occupied by armed groups . The coup leaders had deposed the democratically elected President Amadou Toumani Toure because of his alleged inability to handle the Tuareg rebellion . CNN 's Bharati Naik , Laura Smith-Spark and Kamal Ghattas contributed to this report .	France welcomes a deal by coup leaders to restore power to a civilian government The parties agree to set up a transition process leading to a presidential election The announcement comes after rebels declare independence for territory in northern Mali The international community had imposed restrictions on Mali amid turmoil
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Beijing court sentenced Li Tianyi , the son of a famous Chinese "  singing general " in the People 's Liberation Army , to 10 years in jail on Thursday over a gang rape that unleashed public outrage at the behavior of China 's "  princelings , " or children of the political elite . The Haidian People 's Court sentenced Li , 17 , and four other defendants to jail terms ranging from three to 12 years over the gang rape of a woman in a hotel room in February . Li , also known as Li Guanfeng , denied the charges , telling the court he was drunk and could recall little of the night in question . He denied beating or having sex with the woman despite his four co-accused issuing guilty pleas by the trial 's end , state media reported . Lawyers for the accused argued in pre-trial hearings that the woman was a prostitute , and the matter should be tried as a prostitution matter , rather than a rape case . In handing down the verdict , the court said the evidence was "  adequate " to uphold the rape charges . Users on Chinese social media applauded the verdict , hailing it as a victory of justice over the infamous "  taizidang , " or "  princelings , " who are widely regarded as spoiled and corrupt . "  The bastard is finally charged . God finally works , " wrote a user called @Jiaxinglantianxiadezhiai on the popular Chinese micro-blogging service Sina Weibo . However , others doubted that he would serve out his full sentence . "  After people stop closely watching this case , he will get out of jail immediately . It 's always easy as long as you have money , " posted one user called @Miya - Qiu . Li -- the son of a PLA celebrity officer known as the "  singing general " for his televised renditions of patriotic anthems -- previously made headlines in 2011 when he attacked a family in a road rage incident , threatened bystanders and dared them to call police . The incident provoked an outcry when it came to light that he had 36 prior traffic violations for driving without a license . He was subsequently sent to a juvenile detention center for a year , and his father issued a public apology . Li 's mother Meng Ge , who is also a celebrity singer in the PLA , also came under under fire on social media after she blamed society for her son 's behavior . Public opinion has been mounting against the so-called princelings since an incident in 2010 , when the drunk-driving 22-year-old son of a deputy provincial police chief fatally ran over a student and shouted : "  Sue me if you dare ! My father is Li Gang ! " The phrase has since become synonymous with nepotism and corruption in China . President Xi Jinping has launched a high-profile anti-corruption campaign in response to public discontent with corrupt officials , publicly rebuking PLA musicians following a series of embarrassing reports detailing their privileged lifestyles and exposing incidents of commercial exploitation of their positions . The dressing down was accompanied by new measures , signed off by Xi and detailed in the PLA Daily , the official organ of China 's armed forces , designed to curb the excesses of military musical troupes . Xi 's wife , the noted soprano Peng Liyuan , herself served in a PLA performance troupe . CNN 's Feng Ke contributed to this report .	Li Tianyi , 17 , sentenced to 10 years in high-profile gang rape case His four co-defendants received sentences ranging from 3 to 12 years The son of a People 's Liberation Army  PLA  celebrity known as the "  singing general " Case unleashed public outrage at behavior of China 's "  princelings "
CNN  -- Apple CEO Tim Cook might soon be sharing Silicon Valley 's most expensive cup of coffee . Sometime in the next year , Cook will sit down for a cup of mud with someone who has paid at least $ 210,000 for the privilege . Apple fandom taken to its craziest , and costliest , extreme ? Perhaps . But it 's all for a good cause . Cook has volunteered , through the online-auction site Charity Buzz , to share up to an hour of his precious time with two lucky  and deep-pocketed  winners . Proceeds from the auction will go to The RFK Center for Justice and Human Rights , an international nonprofit founded as a memorial to Robert F. Kennedy by his family and friends . In the auction 's first day , Cook had gotten 52 bids , starting at $ 5,000 and spiraling upward quickly . The leading bid Thursday evening was $ 210,000 , and there were still 19 days to go until bidding closes May 14 . The coffee chat will happen at Apple 's Cupertino , California , headquarters . The winner may bring along one guest . The move fits in with the more open public persona Cook has adopted since replacing late Apple CEO and co-founder Steve Jobs . One of the knocks on Jobs was that he never contributed much of his considerable fortune , or celebrity , to charity -- at least not in the public ways other tech titans like Microsoft 's Bill Gates and Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg have . By some measures , a $ 180,000 coffee meeting with the chief of the world 's leading tech company might be a bargain . An anonymous bidder paid $ 3.4 million last year for lunch with investor Warren Buffett . Gladwell : In 50 years , people will forget Steve Jobs Other celebs taking part in the auction for the RFK Center include Robert DeNiro , Alex Trebek , Carrie Underwood , Peyton Manning , William Shatner and David Letterman . But if you think Apple 's typical hyper-controlling approach to its world will be relaxed during Cook 's coffee klatch , think again . For one , there will be no live-tweeting . "  The winner can not blog , social network , talk to press , write about , take pictures or record during the experience in any way due to security regulations , " reads the auction 's legal terms . Visitors will be required to sign a nondisclosure agreement and are subject to a security screening . "  We expect all winning bidders and their guests to conduct themselves appropriately when attending an experience won at Charitybuzz , " the terms continue . "  Polite manners and respect for the generous donor and adherence to any rules or parameters are a must . " Travel and lodging for the visit , which will last between 30 minutes and an hour , are not covered . No word on whether Cook will pick up the tab for the coffee .	Want to meet Apple CEO Tim Cook ? He 's auctioning a coffee talk for big bucks The visit will benefit The RFK Center for Justice and Human Rights As of Thursday evening , the top bidder had pledged $ 210,000 The winner must sign a nondisclosure agreement : no tweeting or blogging
CNN  -- Long-shot Ruler on Ice won the 143rd running of the Belmont Stakes in New York on Saturday , beating 24-1 odds . It was an astonishing win in a race billed earlier as a rematch between rival horses Shackleford and Animal Kingdom , both of which had been competing to win a second leg of the Triple Crown . Animal Kingdom nearly tossed his jockey at the start and fell behind early , while Shackleford came out of the gate strong and held the lead for much of the race . But he lost it at the end . Favorites fell by the wayside as Ruler on Ice was followed by Stay Thirsty and Brilliant Speed in second and third place . "  I 'm a couple yards from the wire and I 'm thinking , ` Oh my God , oh my God , I 'm going to win the Belmont ! ' " said Ruler on Ice jockey Jose Valdivia , his voice breaking with happy emotion . "  What can I tell you , it 's just one of those things , " he said . "  You get into your zone where everything stops ... unbelievable feeling . " Shackleford held off Kentucky Derby winner Animal Kingdom in the Preakness Stakes in May . No horse has won the Triple Crown -- defined as the feat of sweeping the Kentucky Derby , the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes -- in 33 years . Twelve horses competed in Saturday evening 's dash around the mile-and-a-half track , which was sloppy with rain . Shackleford , with 6-1 odds , finished fifth . Animal Kingdom , with 5-2 odds , came in sixth . "  We always had a lot of confidence in this colt and we ca n't be more thrilled with the outcome , " said Ruler on Ice owner George Hall . CNN 's Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	NEW : Owner : "  We always had a lot of confidence in this colt " Ruler on Ice beat 24-1 odds Jockey : "  You get into your zone where everything stops " 12 horses raced in the mile-and-a-half dash
CNN  As goes Walmart , so goes the nation ? Everyone from Apple CEO Tim Cook to the head of the NCAA slammed religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week , warning that they would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers . But it was the opposition from Walmart , the ubiquitous retailer that dots the American landscape , that perhaps resonated most deeply , providing the latest evidence of growing support for gay rights in the heartland . Walmart 's staunch criticism of a religious freedom law in its home state of Arkansas came after the company said in February it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers well above the federal minimum wage . Taken together , the company is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals . And some prominent Republicans are urging the party to take notice . Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , who famously called on the GOP to "  be the party of Sam 's Club , not just the country club , " told CNN that Walmart 's actions "  foreshadow where the Republican Party will need to move . " "  The Republican Party will have to better stand for " ideas on helping the middle class , said Pawlenty , the head of the Financial Services Roundtable , a Washington lobbying group for the finance industry . The party 's leaders must be "  willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers , such as a reasonable increase in the minimum wage , and prohibit discrimination in things such as jobs , housing , public accommodation against gays and lesbians . " Walmart , which employs more than 50,000 people in Arkansas , emerged victorious on Wednesday . Hours after the company 's CEO , Doug McMillon , called on Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson to veto the bill , the governor held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed . Walmart 's opposition to the religious freedom law once again puts the company at odds with many in the Republican Party , which the company 's political action committee has tended to support . In 2004 , the Walmart PAC gave around $ 2 million to Republicans versus less than $ 500,000 to Democrats , according to data from the Center for Responsive Politics . That gap has grown less pronounced in recent years . In 2014 , the PAC spent about $ 1.3 million to support Republicans and around $ 970,000 for Democrats . It has been a gradual transformation for Walmart . In 2011 , the company bulked up its nondiscrimination policies by adding protections for gender identity . Two years later , the company announced that it would start offering health insurance benefits to same-sex partners of employees starting in 2014 . Retail experts say Walmart 's evolution on these issues over the years is partly a reflection of its diverse consumer base , as well as a recognition of the country 's increasingly progressive views of gay equality  support for same-sex marriage is at a new high of 59 % , according to a recent Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll  . "  It 's easy for someone like a Chick-fil-A to take a really polarizing position , " said Dwight Hill , a partner at the retail consulting firm McMillanDoolittle . "  But in the world of the largest retailer in the world , that 's very different . " Hill added : Same-sex marriage , "  while divisive , it 's becoming more common place here within the U.S. , and the businesses by definition have to follow the trend of their customer . " The backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas this week is shining a bright light on the broader business community 's overwhelming support for workplace policies that promote gay equality . After Indiana Gov. Mike Pence , a Republican , signed his state 's religious freedom bill into law , CEOs of companies big and small across the country threatened to pull out of the Hoosier state . The resistance came from business leaders of all political persuasions , including Bill Oesterle , CEO of the business-rating website Angie 's List and a one-time campaign manager for former Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels . Oesterle announced that his company would put plans on hold to expand its footprint in Indianapolis in light of the state 's passage of the religious freedom act . NASCAR , scheduled to hold a race in Indianapolis this summer , also spoke out against the Indiana law . "  What we 're seeing over the past week is a tremendous amount of support from the business community who are standing up and are sending that equality is good for business and discrimination is bad for business , " said Jason Rahlan , spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign . The debate has reached presidential politics . National Republicans are being forced to walk the fine line of protecting religious liberties and supporting nondiscrimination . Likely GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush initially backed Indiana 's religious freedom law and Pence , but moderated his tone a few days later . The former Florida governor said Wednesday that Indiana could have taken a "  better " and "  more consensus-oriented approach . " "  By the end of the week , Indiana will be in the right place , " Bush said , a reference to Pence 's promise this week to fix his state 's law in light of the widespread backlash . Others in the GOP field are digging in . Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas , the only officially declared Republican presidential candidate , said Wednesday that he had no interest in second-guessing Pence and lashed out at the business community for opposing the law . "  I think it is unfortunate that large companies today are listening to the extreme left wing agenda that is driven by an aggressive gay marriage agenda , " Cruz said . Meanwhile , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who previously served on Walmart 's board of directors , called on Hutchinson to veto the Arkansas bill , saying it would "  permit unfair discrimination " against the LGBT community . Jay Chesshir , CEO of the Little Rock Regional Chamber of Commerce in Arkansas , welcomed Hutchinson 's pledge on Wednesday to seek changes to his state 's bill . He said businesses are not afraid to wade into a politically controversial debate to ensure inclusive workplace policies . "  When it comes to culture and quality of life , businesses are extremely interested in engaging in debate simply because it impacts its more precious resource -- and that 's its people , " Chesshir said . "  Therefore , when issues arise that have negative or positive impact on those things , then the business community will again speak and speak loudly . "	While Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson was weighing an Arkansas religious freedom bill , Walmart voiced its opposition Walmart and other high-profile businesses are showing their support for gay and lesbian rights Their stance puts them in conflict with socially conservative Republicans , traditionally seen as allies
CNN  -- In a hearing Tuesday outside of the jury 's presence , attorneys in the George Zimmerman trial argued about whether jurors should see the defense 's 3D re-creation of the altercation between the neighborhood watch captain and Trayvon Martin . The defense also wants jurors to hear about Martin 's text messages , which reportedly show he had been in fights and was trying to purchase a gun . The judge recessed court right before 10 p.m. ET , saying she would wait until Wednesday morning to make decisions on both of these issues . Defense attorney Don West vented his frustration as the judge left the bench , saying he was having trouble keeping up with the long hours and fast-paced schedule of the trial . "  I 'm not physically able to keep up this pace much longer , " West said . "  It 's 10 o'clock at night . We started this morning . We 've had full days every day , weekends , depositions at night . " Animator Daniel Schumaker said he uses crime scene evidence and the same motion capture technology used in movies like "  Iron Man " to design his digital re-creations of alleged crimes . The defense said Schumaker 's computer animation would help the jury understand how the confrontation between Martin and Zimmerman unfolded . The prosecution argued the animated re-enactment makes assumptions , and it 's not based on evidence in the case . "  To have an animation that goes back to the jury room that they can play over and over again ... gives a certain weight to something that this court is not particularly certain comports with the evidence presented at the trial , " said Judge Debra Nelson . Nelson said she wanted to read the case law and wait until Wednesday before making her ruling on the animation 's admissibility . The hearing , which went so late that the courtroom lights set on an automatic timer went out , continued Tuesday evening after testimony had wrapped for the day . The defense even had to ask the judge to extend Zimmerman 's curfew , which is set for 10 p.m. ET . Zimmerman 's defense team told Nelson that it plans to rest its case sometime on Wednesday . Earlier on Tuesday , a forensic pathologist testified for the defense , describing Martin 's traumatic last moments alive as he bled to death in the grass after being shot at close range . "  If he was involved in a struggle , you expect his heart to be going , beating -- especially after he had been shot -- more than a 100 times a minute , " said Dr. Vincent Di Maio , adding that the way Martin died supports Zimmerman 's version of the shooting . "  You are losing 1,500 cc 's  cubic centimeters  in a minute . That 's about a quarter of his blood supply . In a second minute , if you can assume the same rate . Actually the heart would probably be beating faster for the second minute . He is going to lose another 1,500 . Well that means he has lost more than 50 % of his blood supply . " Zimmerman appeared to be paying close attention during the testimony . Tracy Martin , the victim 's father , was in attendance but did n't show much emotion as he heard the details of how his son may have died . Trayvon Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton , was not in attendance . Get the latest updates at HLNTV.com 's live blog Di Maio said that given that the entry point of the bullet was a "  contact wound " -- meaning at close range -- Trayvon Martin never had a chance . "  In this case you have a through-and-through hole of the right ventricle , and then you have at least one hole if not two into the right lung . So you are losing blood , and every time the heart contracts , it pumps blood out the two holes in the ventricle and at least one hole in the lung . " Di Maio also said Martin 's gunshot wound indicates the gun was up against the teen 's clothing , about 2 to 4 inches away from the skin . He also said the weight of the canned drink in Martin 's hoodie pocket may have been pulling his clothing away from his body by a few inches if Martin was on top of Zimmerman , as the former neighborhood watch volunteer has claimed . In any event , "  He is going to be dead between one and three minutes after being shot , " said Di Maio . Martin , 17 , had been walking through the Retreat at Twin Lakes -- the gated community in Sanford , Florida , where Zimmerman lived -- on February 26 , 2012 , when the two got into a physical altercation . Zimmerman told the police he shot Martin in self-defense while holding the gun in his right hand at point-blank range . He said the teenager was on top of him at the time . Di Maio said the medical evidence is consistent with how Zimmerman has described shooting the teenager . Opinion : Zimmerman trial - it 's about race Di Maio explained to the jury Tuesday that Martin may have lost consciousness between 10 and 15 seconds after being shot and may have been able to talk or make voluntary movement during those last seconds . Zimmerman has said that Martin said , "  You got me , " after being shot .	Judge in Zimmerman trial delays ruling on defense 's re-creation of the altercation She also delays decision on admitting Trayvon Martin 's texts in late-evening hearing A forensic pathologist testifies for the defense , describes Martin 's last moments He describes "  a through-and-through hole of the right ventricle " of Martin 's heart
CNN  -- American Airlines is facing a possible perfect storm of Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings , terrible labor relations with its pilots , delayed and canceled flights , aircraft seats that wo n't stay put and a growing number of reported flights diverted because of various problems midflight . Travel agents and customers who book their own travel are starting to question whether they should fly the airline . Who wants to fly American ? More than 500 readers commented on CNN.com 's story asking that question , many lamenting what they see as the decline of a once-proud airline and others reporting that other U.S. airlines are n't any better . Comments have been edited for clarity and brevity . Everyone has a bad airline story to share "  AA is my last option , " wrote Rick Ruiz . "  Oldest jets in the fleet , every time I board one of their planes I feel like I just time traveled 20 to 30 years . Leg room is by far the worst of any carrier . Very expensive to fly them as well . " "  Absolutely horrible airline , " wrote a commenter using the name AKbearhugger . "  The last time I flew with them , they destroyed my bag . Completely destroyed it . I went to the claims desk , and the "  Customer Service " agent said it was n't covered . Let them go out of business . " "  I have over 10 million miles on American 's AAdvantage program -- and I can tell you for certain their service has become a lot worse , " wrote DeeJ . Third American Airlines flight in a week experiences loose seats They 're not all on American "  My worse experience EVER was with Delta , " wrote wedn28 . "  They are the reason I do carry-on now . I 'd take my chances with US Airways or AA if I have to , but try to use Jetblue . " Goose69 prefers American to the competition : "  Compared to most other US carriers , American was great . US Airways , Spirit , Delta and Continental are HORRIFYING experiences from start to finish . I 'd take a loose seat rather then have to fly the competition . Come on American pilots , get back to work and be happy you are employed . " Foreign airlines do it better People who fly foreign airlines say the airline crews treat their customers better than their U.S. counterparts . "  Singapore Airlines played with our children and fed them so my wife and I could eat our meals , " wrote Scott603 . "  They brought them toys once an hour and helped us get on/off the plane , on more than one trip , " he added . "  Qatar brought my mother-in-law from the plane in JFK , through customs and immigration and right out to us , they are awesome !! " Calling in replacements The airline blames the increasing list of canceled and delayed flights on its pilots union , after the company persuaded a bankruptcy judge last month to throw out the pilots ' contract . The company says the pilots are calling in unnecessary repairs to slow down flights . "  The NFL was just fine with replacement referees , so sure let 's use replacement pilots and mechanics for American Airlines , " wrote OhRReally . "  Maybe those brilliant corporate leaders at American Airlines should embrace the NFL model for skilled-employee labor disputes : call in the replacements ! Hey , it 's just a fully loaded 767 ! " wrote sju36 . "  AA tried to renegotiate contracts prior to this but the pilots refused , " wrote casprd , in reponse to sju36 's comment . "  Having worked there for a long time , I can say that the pilots hold the rest of the company hostage . Perspective during tough times Some folks seem to have a broader perspective : Expressing compassion for the airline and its employees and noting its importance to U.S. airline competition . "  Whether you wish to fly them or not , you do n't want them to go out of business or merge . Bad for the consumer ! " wrote Jhaza2k . "  They are definitely not worst airline though , just disgruntled employees at a trying time for this airline . " "  It 's so sad to see so many people making accusatory and nasty comments about AA employees when it 's clear that they know nothing about what 's really going on at the airline , " wrote cyansky . "  This past weekend , I was on two AA flights that were delayed ; the first because the oxygen bottles that the pilots rely on in case of a decompression were found to be EMPTY and had to be replaced ; the second because the altimeter was broken .  Kind of important stuff to fix before takeoff , I think .  , " continued cyansky . "  These flights were manned with a crew whose captain and two flight attendants all lost their homes to foreclosure within the same time frame that AA executives awarded themselves millions of dollars in bonuses . " An apology from an employee A couple of posters claiming to work for American tried to offer some perspective . "  I work for AA , on the ramp , " wrote bbrooks1963 . "  And I would like to tell all of you : Sorry ! Some of us really do all we can to provide the best service this airline can provide . I 'm one of those unfortunate ones that just might be out of a job soon , but I still and will till the end , do my job to the best of my ability and without fail . " That comment got more than 100 "  likes " from our readers . Better airline food could help "  Things would turn around , if they served ` special brownies ' ... made by the California Pot Growers Association , " wrote Hermes96 . "  The service would still stink , but you would not care anymore . " What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments area of this story .	American Airlines facing several problems including recent loose aircraft seats More than 500 commenters weighed in about American and other airlines Some gripe about airlines and changes in industry , others defend American
Paris , France  CNN  -- You thought maybe le foot  soccer  was the national sport of France ? Wrong . It 's la politique . And this year there 's a doubleheader ! For the first time since 1988 , the U.S. and France are holding presidential elections in the same year . Generally speaking , the French feel a strong political kinship with the U.S. because the countries fanned each other 's revolutionary flames , and the two nations were forged  reforged , in their case  at the furnace of the Enlightenment . During the 2008 U.S. presidential election , France , like the rest of the world , was watching with hope and wonder as Bush rode off into the sunset and the U.S. elected its first African-American president . This time around , though , average French people are n't paying much attention to what 's going on in the U.S. . Their bandwidth is maxed out with their own high-stakes election , the multiple crises in Europe , and the ongoing aftershocks of the Arab Spring . Postcard : Cairo casts cynical eye on U.S. election Those among the French who are paying attention to the election , mostly les intellos  intellectuals  , are enjoying the spectacle , finding it simultaneously entertaining and horrifying . On one team , there 's America 's suave , crooning president , and on the other , the GOP candidates , whose retrograde rhetoric simply baffles the French . Obama 's coolitude * From left to right , the French appreciate Obama the president for his efforts to institute universal healthcare , but they 're quite disappointed that he still has n't closed Guantanamo . But Obama the candidate has charmed them utterly . Presidents and presidential candidates here in France are , for the most part , reserved and dignified  read : dull  , often graduates of ENA  the École nationale d'administration , a Harvard-level statesman-producing factory  . Obama is so dignified he could be French . But he 's also just plain cool . The French -- the people and the media -- get a kick out of his coolitude : his laid-back demeanor , his humor , his hipness  publishing his campaign playlist on Spotify  , his ninja fly-swatting skills and moments like his impromptu duo with B.B. King . In France 's 2007 presidential election , after 12 years of the dignified yet amiable yet ineffectual Jacques Chirac , the French felt a need to shake things up a bit  and maybe let some fresh air into their stuffy politics  . So they elected the guy who seemed to be the antithesis of the traditional candidate : former business lawyer Nicolas Sarkozy , a hot dog whose bulldozer leadership style , pro-business policies and decidedly un-French tastes earned him the nickname "  Sarko the American . " But he 's not cool  though he thinks he is  . Cool is not a characteristic that comes naturally to French government types . Just look at the campaign posters of the two leading presidential candidates this year  François Hollande and Sarkozy  . See ? No cool . Different campaign approaches When it comes to campaigning , the French are shocked by the massive amounts of money Americans pour into campaigns and the attack ads that the money funds . Interactions between politicians remain pretty civil here in France , as you might have guessed  dignity , again  . Furthermore , French law strictly limits the amount of money that can be spent on campaigns  which might explain the ugly posters  , as well as the amount of media coverage each candidate is allowed . Since anyone who can collect 500 signatures from elected officials in France  of which there are tens of thousands  can run for president , these laws guarantee a level playing field for porn stars and other "  regular " people or small-party candidates who 'd like to occupy the Elysée  presidential palace  . Then there 's the cult of personality in U.S. politics that does n't exist in France  although that 's changing  . The French have the impression that U.S. campaigns are more about the candidates than their ideas , and that when candidates do present ideas , they do n't seem particularly substantial . I discussed this the other day with one of the regulars in a café down the street who said , "  There 's no such thing as politics in America anymore . It 's all PR . " Party animals Unlike the U.S. , with only two functioning parties  maybe that 's going a little far  that you can sometimes barely tell apart and no real left to speak of , France has many active political parties , from extreme left  and the Parti Communiste Français is not considered extreme left  to extreme right . One Frenchwoman I spoke to this week sniffed , "  Obama is n't even a social democrat ! "  that 's about center in France  . Having so many parties works  kind of  in France because there is universal suffrage here and because French presidents are elected in two rounds . This system is n't foolproof , though . The French are still smarting from their 2002 election in which the votes of the left were so spread around in the first round that the extreme right candidate  Le Pen  slipped past the favorite left candidate  Jospin  into the second round . Two recipes for an extreme right The French also have a hard time grasping the degree of religious extremism in the American right because the God thing is much more of a fringe phenomenon here . The French , haunted by the memory of centuries under the thumb of the Catholic church , cut the cord between church and state definitively over 100 years ago . Some French people have compared America 's Tea Party to France 's extreme right party , the Front National , but fundamentalist Catholics do not represent a majority of that party 's constituents , and religion is not the binding agent in France 's right-wing sauce . Healthcare for all The U.S. election issue that gets the biggest rise out of the French is universal healthcare . Nearly everyone I spoke to while writing this article brought it up . It 's something that , according to one Frenchman , his compatriots have n't called into question in "  over a hundred years . " The French deplore the fact that the U.S. is the only Western democracy without universal healthcare  and the only one with the death penalty , for that matter  . In the context of our presidential campaign , the French are dumbfounded and deeply dismayed by the brutality of the Republican rhetoric around this issue and some voters ' opposition to Obama 's healthcare plan . Learning from the past . Or not . While working on this article , I had a chance to chat with Razak , a political blogger and photography buff . He brought to my attention the fact that shortly before Newt Gingrich dropped his "  make the poor kids work as janitors " bomb , there had been a major retrospective in Paris of the photographs of Lewis Hine . The photos Hine took for the National Child Labor Committee documenting children at work played a major role in bringing about changes to child labor laws in the U.S. in the early 20th century . Nearly 32,000 Parisians went to the exhibit . * The suffix - itude  - ness  is a real suffix , but it 's been tacked on to all kinds of words ever since Ségolène Royal inadvertently coined the word bravitude  to mean bravery  during her 2007 French presidential campaign . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Pamela Poole .	For the first time since 1988 , the U.S. and France are holding presidential elections in the same year Poole : French find U.S. politics both simultaneously entertaining and horrifying French are shocked by the massive amounts of money U.S pours into campaigns
CNN  -- A mother in Tampa , Florida has admitted in detail to killing her two teen-aged children , police said . Police checking on the family at the request of a relative found Julie K. Schenecker , 50 , on the back porch of her home Friday morning , dressed in blood-covered clothing , according to a police statement . They found her son , Beau Powers Schenecker , 13 , dead in the family 's SUV , which had been parked in the garage , the statement said . Calyx Powers Schenecker , 16 , was in an upstairs bedroom , also dead . "  She did tell us that they talked back , that they were mouthy , " Tampa police spokeswoman Laura McElroy told CNN affiliate WTSP . "  But I do n't think that will ever serve as an explanation to the rest of us of how you could take a child 's life . " The woman shot her son as she drove him to soccer practice and returned home to shoot her daughter as she studied on her computer , CNN affiliate WFTS reported , citing investigators . The preliminary investigation indicates that the teens were killed on Thursday evening , a police statement said , but a medical county examiner will determine the time of death . Police have charged the mother in the killings , the police statement said . Police were called to the house after Schenecker 's mother called from Texas to express concern about her daughter 's welfare , saying she was depressed , the police statement said . Schenecker was initially booked into jail , but was transferred to Tampa General Hospital for treatment of an existing medical condition , according to the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office , WTSP reported . Hundreds of people attended a candlelight vigil on Friday night in memory of the siblings , according to WTSP . "  It 's just sad that his mom did this to him and his sister because he did n't deserve this , " one of the mourners , Hailey Johnson , told WTSP . "  He was the sweetest kid ever . " "  I came out here tonight because I just needed to show respect and show that I really did care about Beau , " said another mourner , teenager Ann Sloan .	A Tampa , Florida , mother is accused of killing her two children Police say Julie K. Schenecker told them she killed her kids because they were "  mouthy " Schenecker was booked on suspicion of first-degree murder
CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan will be featured in the January/February issue of Playboy , a spokeswoman for the magazine said Monday . The issue is expected to hit newsstands late December , Theresa Hennessey told CNN , declining to offer details . The 25-year-old actress and model shot to fame for her roles in kid-friendly flicks like "  The Parent Trap . " But her rocky personal life , which is standard fodder for tabloids , has overshadowed her career in recent years . Lohan was released from jail early Monday , just hours after she was booked in , authorities said . Last week , a Los Angeles County judge ordered Lohan to serve a 30-day jail term after she admitted she violated her probation on a necklace theft conviction . At the time , Los Angeles County Sheriff spokesman Steve Whitmore said it was likely Lohan could be booked in and booked out the same day . "  It depends on the fluctuations of the day , what 's going on in the jail , " Whitmore said . The actress must work at least 12 days a month at the county morgue until she completes the 53 remaining days on her court-ordered community service , Judge Stephanie Sautner told her . Lohan must also attend 18 psychotherapy sessions . The actress also made headlines last month , when photographs surfaced showing Lohan with less-than-perfect teeth . Her representative , Steve Honig , shot back then , telling CNN : "  Lindsay is widely recognized as one of the most beautiful women on the planet , and is regularly sought after by some of the top photographers in the world to appear on covers of magazines around the globe . " CNN 's Matthew Carey contributed to this report .	Lohan will be featured in the January/February issue of the magazine The 25-year-old actress was released from jail early Monday Her rocky personal life has overshadowed her career in recent years
CNN  -- Three Delaware teenagers charged earlier this month after being accused of beating a mentally disabled man are now charged with a hate crime . The state 's prosecutor filed the additional , weightier charges on Monday , according to a press release . "  It is our responsibility to protect people who can not protect themselves , " Attorney General Beau Biden said in the release . "  Targeting and assaulting a vulnerable victim is especially egregious and those who do so face significant consequences under the law . Every parent needs to talk with their children about this incident and how to prevent these types of crimes . " In addition to the hate crime , the teenage boys also face further felony charges , including crime against a vulnerable adult and abuse of an impaired adult , according to the press release . One 14-year-old boy from Newark , Delaware , turned himself in and two other teenagers were first arrested earlier this month after videos of the assault went viral on social media . The three teens were initially charged with misdemeanors . Because of their age , the boys ' names are not being made public . The beatings occurred several weeks ago but more recently angered viewers across the nation after videos of the incidents were posted on social media with the hashtags #JusticeForCoran and #TheBullyProject . In one video , the man , who police said is 26 years old and suffers from a neurodevelopmental disorder , is chased around the yard of an apartment complex as he yells , "  Leave me alone . " A teenage boy in shorts and a T-shirt body-slams him to the ground , then punches and stomps the man . The man 's family told CNN affiliate KYW that he suffers from Williams syndrome and that he takes his little sister to the bus stop . In a second video , shot in a wooded area , the man is again body-slammed and punched while lying on the ground . A girl in the crowd says , "  You guys are mean to him . " The man stands and other boys punch and push him to the ground . As the man lies crying in the weeds , a boy jumps in front of the camera and mimics the question the man kept asking : "  What I do ? What I do ? " "  It 's more than disgusting . There 's no words to describe what they did , " the victim 's stepmother told KYW . She said he trusted the group of teens and believed they were his friends , and now he is suffering emotionally and physically . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Ralph Ellis contributed to this report .	Teenagers in New Castle County , Delaware , have been charged with felony hate crimes Charges relate to online videos of the beating of a mentally disabled man Videos went viral with the hashtags #TheBullyProject and #JusiceForCoran
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho is the king of football gamesmanship , but his constant declarations that Chelsea 's English Premier League lead is "  fake " appear to be becoming a self-fulfilling prophecy . Saturday 's controversial defeat at Aston Villa allowed Manchester City to close to within six points , with three games in hand on the London club and a vastly superior goal difference . City bounced back from the midweek European Champions League exit in Barcelona by winning 2-0 at Hull , despite having influential captain Vincent Kompany sent off in just the 10th minute . Mourinho was also sent to the stands at Villa Park , following second-half red cards to Chelsea midfielders Willian and Ramires . Willian 's second booking seemed harsh , but -- after Fabian Delph put Villa ahead with a delightful backheel flick -- his fellow Brazilian deserved to go after a vicious tackle on Karim El Ahmadi . Referee Chris Foy has now issued six red cards to Chelsea players in the last eight of the club 's matches in which he has officiated -- and Mourinho was fighting to keep his feelings hidden afterwards in fear of being punished by the authorities . "  I prefer not to speak about the decisions . If I speak I am in big trouble , " he said after his team 's 14-match unbeaten run was ended by a Villa side that moved up to 10th place . "  The referees do what they do . They go home and they do n't talk to the press , and they refuse even to exchange a couple of words , when one person like me -- that is in football for so long -- asks politely , ` Can you speak with me for five seconds ? ' "  I ask five seconds to make one simple question and I had no chance because I was sent to the stands . "  It 's difficult to close the mouth , it 's very difficult but I have to do it because I do n't want to bring the game into disrepute . " Manchester City moved up to second place , but Liverpool and Arsenal could trim Chelsea 's lead to four points on Sunday with victories in crunch clashes against rivals Manchester United and Tottenham respectively . It was a difficult start to a big week for Chelsea , whose European Champions League hopes will be tested by Tuesday 's visit of Galatasaray ahead of next weekend 's home clash with Arsenal . City host the EPL 's bottom team Fulham next Saturday ahead of the Manchester derby at Old Trafford and a trip to Arsenal . "  I think it was a very good response from the team . It was a very difficult week , " City boss Manuel Pellegrini said of his team 's win after Kompany was dismissed for bringing down Nikica Jelavic . "  I thought before it was clear foul by Jelavic before Vincent did his foul -- but the referee did n't see it , he saw the foul of Kompany and he sent him off . " Everton closed to within two points of fifth-placed Tottenham with a 2-1 win at home to second-bottom Cardiff , and Roberto Martinez 's team have a game in hand on the Londoners . Southampton moved up to eighth with a 4-2 win over Norwich , while Newcastle dropped down after losing 1-0 at Fulham . Stoke joined Villa on 34 points with a 3-1 win at home to West Ham , as former Nigeria striker Peter Odemwingie scored twice . Sunderland stayed in the bottom three after drawing 0-0 with fellow strugglers Crystal Palace , but West Brom moved three points away from the relegation zone by winning 2-1 at Swansea . The previous day West Brom sacked Nicolas Anelka after the former France international said he had terminated his own contract in reaction to the club 's response to his fine and ban for performing a controversial "  quenelle " gesture during a match in December .	Jose Mourinho sent off along with two Chelsea players in 1-0 defeat at Aston Villa Fabian Delph scores the only goal in 82nd minute after Willian 's second booking Ramires also departs after a studs-up challenge on Villa 's Karim El Ahmadi Manchester City cut gap to six points despite having captain sent off at Hull
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland Martin says Colin Powell should back up his words with action to reshape the GOP . CNN  -- The back-and-forth between former Secretary of State Colin Powell , former Vice President Dick Cheney , and radio entertainer Rush Limbaugh , has been , well , entertaining and fascinating . You have these enormous personalities and egos slamming into each other over what it means to be a Republican and the course the party should be on , as it is in desperate need of a vision . Yet while folks like me in the media love the brouhaha , and TV and radio producers salivate at the chance to book any one of these three on their programs , the inevitable question has to be asked : What now ? And this is where former House Speaker Newt Gingrich is correct . Powell must go beyond commenting on the state of the party and what it needs , and work to help rebuild , reshape and revitalize the GOP in the form he thinks is appropriate for the 21st century . Let 's be clear : Powell is under no obligation to hit the road campaigning for candidates , raising funds , participating in strategy sessions , and the dirty work necessary to make his vision a reality . But unless a leader such as Powell champions the cause of a moderate Republican Party , what he has been saying lately will be merely words . It has been my contention after the 2008 presidential election that the Republican Party is in desperate need of a separate entity that would have the same effect on the GOP as the Democratic Leadership Council had on the Democrats . Talk to liberal Dems and they will tell you the DLC aimed to counter the impact the Rev. Jesse Jackson Sr. had on the party after his presidential runs in 1984 and 1988 -- they feared the left dominating the party levers . So these largely white southerners , and moderate and conservative Democrats created the DLC to broaden the Democratic Party 's reach , make it more palatable to big business , and fiscal conservatism . And who came out of this effort ? Then-Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton , a co-founder of the DLC who went on to win two terms as president , and dominate the party for 16 years until President Obama came along . This , frankly , is what is needed in the Republican Party . It would be a hell of a thing to witness Powell take his stature and considerable influence and band together with other liberal-to-moderate Republicans to create an organization that represents their values and vision . Like it or not , the opposition to them in the GOP is already organized with infrastructure and a fundraising mechanism . So to counter them , there has to be an entity that people can look to , or enlist in , to show the rest of the world that Powell is n't whistling in the wind , but has thousands -- or millions -- standing behind him and those who think like him . If such an organization was created , and all of a sudden you had chapters forming in states across the country , you would have the infrastructure to identify candidates to run in local and state races , and challenge the people Powell and others think are driving the party further into isolation as a largely southern and regional party . It 's clear the GOP has enormous problems in the Northeast part of the country , and with Obama winning a sizeable portion of the Hispanic vote , and the party 's staunch opposition to illegal immigration , it is going to have a hell of a time in the Southwest and West . And with a fractured party , there is no better time to create an alternative that people can believe in and rally behind . On CNN last week , senior analyst Gloria Borger said there clearly is a civil war raging within the GOP , and Powell and Cheney are on opposite sides . I chimed in that in any war , I 'd trust the guy who put on a military uniform -- Powell -- rather than the guy who ran from serving our country -- Cheney . Powell has clearly shown he is adept at leading our troops to victory on the battlefield by planning and shaping a perfect battle plan to defeat the enemy . Now it 's time to see if he has the chops to do the same in the political arena , where the enemy is not as readily identifiable . There is no doubt he has the capacity to do it . It 's now a question of whether he wants to do it . As the old saying goes , you can talk the talk or walk the walk . Mr. Powell , do you have your walking shoes on ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin : Colin Powell is right to advocate a broader , more moderate GOP He says he should follow through on his words by building an organization He says Democrats regained power in 1990s after forming moderate group Martin : Powell could be the architect of a new Republican party
Lexington , Missouri  CNN  -- Police arrested a sixth member of a Missouri family under investigation for allegations of child sexual abuse , police said . Darrel Mohler has been charged with two counts of rape , Lafayette County Sheriff Kerrick Alumbaugh said at a news conference . Missouri police did not have Mohler in custody earlier . On the request of Missouri officials , Marion County authorities went to Mohler 's home in Silver Springs , Florida , and caught him just before he pulled into the driveway , according to a news release from the Marion County Sheriff 's Office . He was subsequently arrested . Mohler told police he "  was aware of what was going on in Missouri , " and that he had not been there since the 1980s , according to the sheriff 's office . Five members of the Mohler family of Lafayette County , Missouri , were arrested earlier this week after six alleged victims , who are relatives of the five suspects , made accusations of sexual abuse . A sixth person , described as an "  associate " of the family , was arrested Thursday but released Friday , police said . The six alleged victims -- all now adults -- came to law enforcement authorities with stories of sexual performances , mock weddings , rape with various objects and a forced abortion during their childhoods , according to court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KSHB in Kansas City . CNN does not identify alleged sexual assault victims . Police did not have enough to charge Darrel Mohler earlier , but after examining the victims ' statements , obtained enough information to charge him , Alumbaugh said . He added that he does not think Darrel is on the run . Darrel Mohler , 72 , is the younger brother of Burrell Edward Mohler Sr. , 77 , according to KSHB . On Tuesday , authorities arrested Mohler Sr. and his sons Burrell Edward Mohler Jr. , 53 ; David A. Mohler , 52 ; Jared Leroy Mohler , 48 ; and Roland Neil Mohler , 47 . More charges against the family members are expected next week , the sheriff said . Current charges for some of the arrested include rape , deviate sexual assault and use -LSB- of -RSB- child in sexual performance , according to Missouri State Courts online case management system . Alumbaugh said that Larry Kidd , 55 , of Kansas City , Missouri -- an "  associate " of the Mohler family -- was picked up by police following a tip , cooperated with police and has been released . The alleged abuse took place from the mid-1980s until 1995 and possibly beyond , the sheriff said earlier . The documents provide graphic details of the alleged abuse provided by one of the alleged victims . All of the charges stem from those documents , Alumbaugh said . Mohler Sr. , David Mohler and Jared Mohler are all lay ministers in the Community of Christ , the Independence , Missouri-based organization said in a statement . Lay ministers are volunteers who do not receive compensation , said the organization , and none of the three served in leadership roles or worked with children . Mohler Sr. went through the group 's registered youth worker program , but "  his youth worker registration has been terminated and we understand he had no contact with children or youth in church programs , " the statement said . Some lay ministers might help take care of the church , while others might speak at services , said the organization 's spokeswoman , Linda Booth . The Community of Christ is an offshoot of the modern-day Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . It split off from the Mormon church in the 1800s , and in 2000 changed its name to Community of Christ from the Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . Investigators earlier this week searched several properties for evidence , but there were no plans to continue the searches , Alumbaugh said Friday . He declined to comment on any evidence found . CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	NEW : Darrel Mohler , another relative , charged with two counts of rape Friday Five relatives were arrested Tuesday after six people accused them of abuse More alleged victims have come forward since initial arrests , police say Allegations date from the mid-1980s through at least the mid - '90s , the sheriff said
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Intense rains let up in parts of northwestern Pakistan on Thursday , giving humanitarian groups a chance to get more aid to the millions of people suffering . The dry skies were a respite for areas battered by the heavy rains , which left behind bloated rivers and covered whole neighborhoods with flood waters . But heavy rains were still pounding some parts of the country , including Punjab and Sindh provinces . The flooding -- caused by torrential monsoon rains -- has destroyed thousand of homes , crushed many bridges and affected 3 million people , officials said . As many as 1,500 people have died in what has been called Pakistan 's worst flooding in 70 years . "  Today is going better . It is sunny and drier , but the destruction is all around us . Most of the villages have been washed away by water , " said Joseph Prior Tio , who 's working with Doctors Without Borders in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . Another big issue is the many left without electricity , Tio said . "  We are fighting to get safe water to many areas , " Tio said "  There is simply no electricity anywhere in the entire valley . All over the valley there are about 1 million people who depended on electricity to get basic services such as safe drinking water . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday urged Americans to donate to relief efforts , saying that experience in post-earthquake Haiti showed that small donations can make a big difference . Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani appealed to residents to curtail expenditures for Ramadan feasts and upcoming independence day celebrations , and instead help their suffering compatriots .	Rain lets up in some areas of flood-hit Pakistan Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appeals for aid About 3 million people have been affected by monsoon rains and flooding
London  CNN  -- Several major advertisers in the United Kingdom are pulling advertising from the UK 's News of the World newspaper amid a wave of public outrage over a phone hacking scandal . Carmakers Ford and Vauxhall , Virgin Holidays , Halifax and the Co-operative Group are among those to say they are withdrawing adverts that were scheduled to run in the newspaper . Other big firms , including cell phone providers T-Mobile and Orange and utility firm Npower , say they are reviewing their position with regard to advertising in light of the turmoil over the allegations against media baron Rupert Murdoch 's flagship British Sunday paper . The scandal around the News of the World widened Wednesday , with the father of a victim of the 2005 London terror attacks saying his phone may have been hacked . That followed claims Tuesday that its journalists also hacked into the phone messages of missing teenager Milly Dowler , who was later found to have been murdered . Prime Minister David Cameron called the allegations "  absolutely disgusting . " Ford was among the first to act to distance itself from News of the World , saying Tuesday that it was "  concerned by the serious nature of the allegations of past activities against the News of the World , and the high level of public concern . " "  While we are not prejudging the outcome of the ongoing investigations , we believe it is appropriate to suspend advertising in the News of the World pending the outcome . In the interim , we will advertise in alternative media within and outside the News International Group . " Vauxhall said it had suspended advertising in the News of the World and would "  reconsider its position pending the outcome of investigations into the allegations of phone hacking . " The Halifax bank said in a statement its action was in response to public anger over the story . "  In recognising and responding to consumer reaction , Halifax has cancelled an advertisement in this Sunday 's News of the World . This was a tactical decision in the short term whilst we carefully consider our longer term position and its implications . " Carmaker Renault said it had no advertising planned with News of the World and would not commit to any future advertising pending the outcome of formal investigations , "  as a result of the seriousness of the continued allegations . " The scandal has prompted calls for a public boycott of the paper -- and its parent company News International -- on social media sites including Facebook and Twitter . A message at the top of the Boycott News of the World Facebook group , which had more than 5,100 members as of Wednesday , said : "  By boycotting this newspaper we can send a message that they are not above the law and their behaviour is heinous and despicable . " Parenting website Mumsnet also said Wednesday it would pull the current advertising campaign for Sky , which is part of Murdoch 's media empire , from its website -- at a cost of some # 20,000 to # 30,000 to itself -- "  as members who are pretty much unanimously shocked and disgusted by the News of the World 's actions in hacking Milly Dowler 's phone thought it incongruous that Mumsnet was carrying advertising for Sky at the present time . " However , analyst Douglas McCabe , of media research firm Enders Analysis , told CNN the cost of the advertisers ' actions and any public boycott to News of the World and News International was likely to be limited in the long term . "  There 's not a mass of material revenue impact on the business short term , " he said . "  Reputation going forward will be tricky for them to manage and there could be longer term implications if more advertisers pull and they pull for a longer period of time -- but at this point , there 's very little impact , " he said . The loss of revenue for News of the World as a result of advertising being withdrawn this weekend would be in the realm of tens of thousands of dollars , he said . "  The question is , do more businesses jump on the band wagon effect , and suddenly does it extend through the inquiry for a significant period ? " He estimates that 40 % of total revenue for the News of the World and its daily sister paper , The Sun , comes from advertising , putting its value at about # 260 million  $ 418 million  a year . Responding to the phone hacking allegations , Murdoch 's News Corp. said Wednesday : "  We are committed to addressing these issues fully and have taken a number of important steps to prevent them from happening again . " CNN 's Kendra Petersen contributed to this report .	Ford says it will suspend advertising in News of the World pending the investigation Mumsnet , a leading website for mothers , is pulling Sky 's advertising from its website Calls for boycotts of News of the World appear on Facebook and Twitter Media analyst says long-term impact is likely to be small unless there is a domino effect
CNN  -- Nine-man Chelsea lost 3-2 to Manchester United in a pulsating and controversial top-of-the-table English Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge Sunday . It was the first league defeat of the season for the Blues , who hold a slender one point lead in the standings after nine games over second-placed United and defending champions Manchester City . The score was tied at 2-2 just after the hour mark when Branislav Ivanovic was shown a straight red for pulling down Ashley Young after he was played through by Robin van Persie . There could be few arguments with referee Mark Clattenburg 's decision but six minutes later Fernando Torres was shown his second yellow card in highly controversial circumstances . He pushed the ball through the legs of United defender Jonny Evans but went down spectacularly as he went past him -- replays indicated he had been clipped by the Northern Irishman . Clattenburg ruled it was a deliberate dive and the Spain international trudged off , his manager Roberto Di Matteo shaking his head in disagreement . Soon afterwards , United boss Alex Ferguson was seen remonstrating with his Chelsea counterpart , but his anger turned to joy when his second half substitute Javier Hernandez reacted quickly to turn home a Rafael cross shot . To add to Chelsea 's sense of injustice , television replays appeared to indicate the Mexican had come back from an offside position to score the winner . Later Sunday , Chelsea said they had made a formal complaint against referee Clattenburg , accusing him of using "  inappropriate language " to two of their players . A club spokesman said : "  We have lodged a complaint to the Premier League match delegate with regards to inappropriate language used by the referee and directed to two of our players in two separate incidents in today 's match . " The visitors had been two goals ahead inside 12 minutes as Van Persie 's early shot rebounded off a post to hit David Luiz and dribble over the line . Dutchman Van Persie then connected with an Antonio Valencia cross to make it 2-0 . But back came the leaders with Juan Mata stroking home a free kick just before the half time break . They came out in inspired form at the start of the second half and Oscar picked out fellow Brazilian Ramires to head the equalizer . Chelsea looked the more likely side to go on to take three points before the red cards changed the course of the match . Ferguson believed Torres was at fault for his own sending off . "  Did he intend to dive ? I thought he went down , " he told Sky Sports . "  I think Jonny may have just caught him a little bit but he can either carry on running -- which he could have done -- but he chose to go down . "  He could have carried on and scored so I can not understand it . It 's his own fault . " In the early kick off , Liverpool had led Everton 2-0 in the Merseyside derby before the home side hit back to salvage a draw . Uruguay international Luis Suarez was at the center of the action , his early shot deflecting off Leighton Baines to produce the opening goal . His celebration raised eyebrows as he ran and dived full-length in front of Everton manager David Moyes in response to his remarks about him earlier in the week . Suarez then headed home Steven Gerrard 's free kick to put Liverpool in command but the home side were quick to respond . Leon Osman and Steven Naismith were on the score sheet to stun Brendan Rogers ' men . Suarez thought he had scored the winner in injury time as he lashed his shot high into the net , but it was controversially ruled out for offside . Tottenham Hotspur moved into fourth place in the standings with a 2-1 win at struggling Southampton with Gareth Bale , returning to his old side , putting the visitors ahead after 15 minutes . Clint Dempsey added the second but Southampton hit back after the break through a Jay Rodriguez goal . Papiss Cisse hit an injury time winner for Newcastle as they beat West Bromwich Albion 2-1 in the day 's other match in the EPL .	Manchester United beat Chelsea 3-2 at Stamford Bridge EPL leaders Chelsea have Branislav Ivanovic and Fernando Torres sent off Chelsea lodge complaint to Premier League over referee Pulsating Merseyside derby ends in 2-2 draw
Happy National DNA Day ! April 25 marks the 60th anniversary of scientists ' discovery of the double helix . It 's also the 10th anniversary of the completion of the Human Genome Project , which set out to sequence the more than 3 billion letters in our genetic code . Biologist James Watson and physicist Francis Crick realized our DNA molecules form a three-dimensional double helix in 1953 . But DNA research dates back to the late 1860s , according to Nature Education . Friedrich Miescher was the first to identify "  nucleic acid " in our white blood cells ; his 1869 finding was later named deoxyribonucleic acid , or DNA . Others later defined the components that make up DNA molecules , identified RNA  ribonucleic acid , the other type of nucleic acid found in all cells along with DNA  and determined that although DNA differs in each species , it always maintains certain properties . Those findings led to Watson and Crick 's conclusion , which paved the way for decades of DNA discoveries . Today we use DNA tests to tell us about all kinds of things -- from Justin Bieber 's baby daddy status to the innocence of a man sitting on death row . But genetic scientists are doing more than trying to prove Bigfoot 's existence . Here are five cool things DNA testing can do : Map your family tree A $ 99 DNA test could give you thousands of new relatives  although if they 're anything like ours , we 're not sure why you 'd want them  . Sites such as Ancestry.com offer to compare your DNA to those they already have on record in hopes of connecting you to unknown branches of your family tree . Ancestry.com 's test can also tell you your genetic ethnicity . "  The new test looks at a massive amount of your DNA ... and compares it to other DNA samples from around the world . By detecting similarities , we can trace back generations to connect you to the lands your ancestors once called home , " the site states . Solve ancient mysteries No one knew where Richard III , one of the most famous kings of England , was buried until his remains were discovered in a parking lot in Leicester . The remains showed evidence of battle wounds and scoliosis , but scientists were n't sure the skeleton was Richard III 's until DNA extracted from the bones was matched to Michael Ibsen , a direct descendant of the king 's sister . It was n't the first time ancient remains had been identified using DNA . If it 's stored in a cold , dry , dark place , DNA can last for thousands of years . In 2009 , a DNA analysis of some bone fragments showed two of Czar Nicholas II 's children were killed along with the rest of the family during the Russian Revolution , despite speculation they could have escaped . Scientists have even extracted DNA from Neanderthals , who went extinct about 30,000 years ago , in hopes of gaining insight into the evolution of humans . Shakespeare , thou art stored in DNA Distinguish your mutt "  Where does Buddy get his curly tail from ? Why does he love digging holes in the backyard ? Could I be doing more to make him happier and healthier ? Your dog may not be able to tell you the answers -- but his DNA can , " claims one dog DNA site , WisdomPanel.com . You 'll probably never figure out why Buddy loves to eat your favorite Italian pumps  other than the fact he 's a dog  but you can figure out where he comes from . WisdomPanel.com will test your mutt 's DNA against that of more than 190 breeds to determine his genetic background . "  But why ? " cat lovers may be asking . "  When you understand your dog 's natural tendencies , you can tailor a training , exercise and nutrition program to his needs , " the site explains . Predict the future Using blood from the mother and saliva from the father , scientists can now determine whether a fetus has any chromosomal abnormalities that could cause a genetic disorder . For example , DNA testing can reveal if an unborn baby will have trisomy 21 , or Down syndrome . Researchers are beginning to expand the field of prenatal genetic testing even further , using it to identify potential developmental delays and intellectual disabilities such as autism . Genetic testing can also reveal risk factors you may have inherited from your parents , such as a high risk for breast or colon cancer . While this genetic risk factor does not guarantee you will get the disease , it does increase your chances ; knowing about the risk may help you take preventive steps . Help you lose weight A growing body of research suggests that our ability to lose weight -- or gain 10 pounds by simply looking at a piece of chocolate -- is shaped in large part by our genes . Scientists have identified several gene variants that may predispose us , and our children , to obesity . Rodent studies have also shown that up to 80 % of body fat is regulated by our genes , according to TIME . That said , we would n't search for a customized DNA Diet just yet . While there is a genetic component to obesity , our understanding of it is limited , says CNN diet and fitness expert Dr. Melina Jampolis . Researchers are still trying to figure out how genetics , nutrition and exercise are related so we can help people lose weight and keep it off .	James Watson and Francis Crick discovered the double helix in 1953 In 2003 , scientists completed the Human Genome Project DNA today can tell us everything from paternity to risk factors for chronic disease
CNN  A member of rapper Nicki Minaj 's touring crew died and another was critically injured early Wednesday during a stabbing in Philadelphia . "  Two members of my team were stabbed last night in Philly . One was killed , " Minaj tweeted . "  They had only been there for two days rehearsing for the tour . " Philadelphia police identified the victims as De'Von Pickett , 29 , who went by Day Day , and Eric Parker , 27 . They went to a bar with friends late Tuesday in Philadelphia 's East Mount Airy neighborhood . "  They got into some type of verbal altercation with several other males which quickly escalated into a physical confrontation , " Philadelphia police Capt. James Clark told CNN affiliate WPVI . "  One of those males pulled out a knife and stabbed both of them multiple times . " They were taken to a local hospital , where Pickett was pronounced dead and Parker is in critical condition . The stabber drove away from the bar . Police are checking surveillance video in the area , WPVI reported . Singer/songwriter Candace Wakefield tweeted a picture of the victims . "  Praying for the families of E and Day Day , " she said in a Twitter post . "  These 2 were a joy to be around . Sending strength and ❤ to @nickiminaj . " "  These guys flew into Philly for my tour rehearsals 2 days ago and were both stabbed last night . #RIPDAYDAY , " Minaj said on Instagram . "  Condolences to your family . Unbelievable . ... Another senseless act of violence that took the life of a great guy . So sad . " Police are offering a $ 20,000 reward for the arrest and conviction of the stabber , WPVI reported . CNN 's Philip Cantor and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	De'Von Pickett and Eric Parker got into an argument with several other men outside a bar , police say Pickett has been pronounced dead , and Parker is in critical condition Police are offering a $ 20,000 reward for the arrest and conviction of the stabber , station reports
New Orleans  CNN  -- Nearly 30 years ago , Lisa Fitzpatrick was the target of a gang initiation . She had pulled off the highway in Oklahoma City , to buy something at a convenience store , when a car pulled up alongside hers . She noticed two 12-year-olds struggling with something in the back seat . Suddenly , they were pointing a gun at her . "  I saw their faces , and they were terrified , " she said . Then the shot rang out . The bullet only grazed Fitzpatrick , leaving a scar near her nose , but the incident changed the way she thought about gang violence . She said she later learned from police that the children were told they had to kill someone that night or someone in their family would suffer violent consequences . "  I was n't the victim that night , I was the collateral damage , " said Fitzpatrick , now 50 . "  The victims were the two babies in the back seat holding the gun . It turned my view upside down about who the victims are . Sometimes , it 's the person pulling the trigger . " More than two decades later , Fitzpatrick was living in New Orleans when she once again had a brush with street violence . Driving home from her job as an executive at a health-care company , she found her street blocked by police tape . Someone her daughter knew had been killed -- the unintended victim of a drive-by shooting . For Fitzpatrick , that was the turning point . "  It was just too much , " she said . "  Too many young men were lying face down in their own blood . I did n't want it to be normal anymore . I did n't want the children to think that this was normal . I had to do something . " Fitzpatrick quit her job , downsized her life and created the APEX Youth Center . Since 2010 , more than 460 children and young adults have come to the center to spend their free time and escape the violence on the streets . "  We offer a space out of the path of the bullet , where a young man can put 6 inches of cinder block between him and violence outside , " Fitzpatrick said . More on CNN : New Orleans looks to shake Murder City title APEX , which stands for Always Pursuing Excellence , includes fun activities such as basketball , video games and pool . But it also provides mentoring , tutoring and job training so that young people can set themselves on a path to a brighter future . "  We 're empowering our young men and women to ... find out what they might want to do , " Fitzpatrick said . "  We work on finding our passion . " APEX draws young people from across the city , and the tensions that exist between different neighborhood factions can occasionally flare up . Fitzpatrick 's ultimate goal is to teach them to work through those moments without resorting to violence . "  Statistics say that overwhelmingly , the young men being murdered on the street , they know their murderer , " she said . "  If you go get your people , and I go get my people , all we 're doing is perpetuating the cycle . ... So our point here is to stop . " "  Our motto is ` Reconciliation , never retaliation , ' and that 's a hard lesson in an eye-for-an-eye world , " she said . "  What we do is  ask  ... ` How can we address this differently ? What could we do to de-escalate this situation instead of escalate the situation ? ' I constantly ask questions . ... The young men come up with the answers . " Sometimes , they 'll use words to calm a given situation . Other times , they 'll have "  dance-offs " or use other artistic endeavors . Whatever the method , Fitzpatrick knows that every situation that 's negotiated peacefully gives young people tools they can use in the future . "  I wish I could tell you that I could get them to change their ways ,  but  it does n't work that way , " she said . "  We give them the space and the opportunity to make that decision . What I have found is that no one has ever really given them the opportunity to make the choice . "  When I ask them why they hang out with  me  every Friday night , they say , ` Because you 're the first person who ever let us in the door . ' That is an indictment on our society . " Fitzpatrick is motivated , in part , by her religious beliefs . She serves as an associate pastor at a local Methodist church . But she said she does n't force her religion on the children , and evangelizing is not allowed at APEX . "  Many of the kids ask me , ` Why are you here ? ' and I 'm honest with them , " she said . "  I 'm here because it 's the right thing to do , and I feel like it 's what I 'm meant to do , and that has a lot to do with my faith . "  This is a nondenominational center , but what I bring in is universal . It 's about leading a nonviolent life . " When you look at Fitzpatrick -- a 50-year-old white woman -- you might not think she 'd have much in common with the mostly African-American males that come to her center . But the reality is quite different . Michael Lewis , a 20-something young man at APEX , said he felt an "  instant connection " with Fitzpatrick after hearing her past . Soon after , he was showing her his own bullet wounds and telling his story . "  I 've kind of gone through a similar situation , " he said . "  I 've hung with the wrong crowd and did wrong things , and we all know when it 's enough , right ? " Kendall Santacruze , 20 , says the direction of his life was changed by Fitzpatrick 's message . "  I 'm not even going to lie to you : I was on the verge of getting ready to seriously hurt somebody , " he said . "  Me and my friends actually had weapons . But Miss Lisa , she stopped us . "  Miss Lisa taught me how to deal with my anger ; she taught me how to be in control of myself ,  not  let others influence you . " Today , Santacruze helps others at APEX , where he sees young people facing the same struggles that he once did . "  I think to myself , ` That 's exactly where I used to be , ' " he said . "  So I mentor them , I act as a role model to them . The little kids who come up to me , they hug me and they say they love me . It brings tears to my eyes at the end of the day , and it makes me happy to know that I 'm actually influencing their lives . "  The way Miss Lisa influenced me is the same way I feel like I 'm influencing them . " This peer-to-peer mentoring , and the fact that the majority of the young people that come to APEX are referred by their friends , confirms to Fitzpatrick that she 's on the right track . While she 's still in the process of assembling measurable data , she said she sees evidence of her impact every day . "  I 've seen increases in GPAs , kids are getting jobs , recidivism has gone down , " she said , noting that the one statistic she is most proud of is that almost all of the young people she 's helped are still alive four years later . "  The successes of APEX are not necessarily going to Harvard or getting out of the neighborhood .  It 's  when a kid like Kendall can live  here  and make a conscious choice every day to not be involved in the violence , spread the message of nonviolence , and work hard to get other kids to put down the gun . That 's the success . " Fitzpatrick and her family have had to make sacrifices to keep APEX open , trading a five-bedroom house for a two-bedroom apartment . At one point , things got so tough that a woman bought Fitzpatrick groceries with her own food stamps . But Fitzpatrick said she would n't have it any other way . "  At the end of the day , my house and my cars , that was sticks and bricks , steels and wheels , " she said . "  The kids , they give up everything to be here . That 's my inspiration . I ca n't do anything else but be here . " Want to get involved ? Check out the APEX Youth Center website at www.apexyouthcenter.org and see how to help .	Lisa Fitzpatrick is giving youth in New Orleans a safe place to hang out , have fun Her community center also provides mentoring , tutoring and job training Fitzpatrick 's ultimate goal : Teaching kids how to resolve their conflicts peacefully Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- Manager Kenny Dalglish is determined to use Liverpool 's first trophy win in six years as a catalyst for future success , following Sunday 's dramatic penalty shootout win in the English League Cup final . The Scot , who is known as "  King Kenny " by the club 's fans after a title-laden career as both player and manager , has had a difficult time since returning to Anfield for a second stint as boss in January 2011 . Mixed results on the pitch and controversy off it -- with the long-running Luis Suarez race row saga casting a shadow over the club 's reputation -- have meant big challenges for the man guiding one of England 's most successful teams . Liverpool failed to qualify for any European competition this season , and could have faced a similar prospect in 2012-13 if Sunday 's match against second division Cardiff City had ended in defeat . However , the club 's fans were celebrating after the 18-time English champions clinched their first silverware since winning the FA Cup in 2006 . It was also the first success for Liverpool 's American owners , the Fenway Sports Group , who took over in October 2010 . The Wembley match finished 2-2 after extra-time , but a penalty miss from Cardiff 's Anthony Gerrard -- cousin of Liverpool captain Steven -- gave the five-time European champions an eighth success in the competition . "  Our people are absolutely delighted with their first trophy in six years , so it 's been a very good day for us , " the Scot told reporters . "  We 'll just continue to work hard and see where it takes us . Arsenal fight back to seal emphatic derby win "  Although we 've won something today , that 's not us finished . We do n't want to stop here -- we want to keep going . The best chance we have of doing that is to continue to do what we do best , and that 's to stick together . " Dalglish was previously Liverpool manager between 1985 and 1991 , guiding the club to three league titles and two English FA Cup wins . The 60-year-old now wants to prevent another long wait for silverware . "  The idea six years ago was not to go six years without winning a trophy ! We 've won it , we 're going to really enjoy it and we know how much they  the fans  have really enjoyed it . It gives you a flavor to come back and do it again , " he said . "  The only reason we 're here is because every member of the squad has contributed to winning this trophy . If we all stick together and everybody makes a contribution , we give ourselves a better chance of success . "  We got here because we worked really hard to get here and because the players are good players . " Liverpool are battling to qualify for next season 's European Champions League , a competition they have won most recently under Spanish manager Rafael Benitez in 2005 . The seventh-placed Reds are seven points off England 's fourth and final qualification place , held by Arsenal , but can reduce that deficit by beating the London side on Saturday following the midweek friendly internationals . Liverpool could yet claim a second trophy this season , with the club facing an FA Cup quarterfinal tie against Stoke City on March 18 . Victory would earn a return to Wembley , with both semis to be played at the national stadium . "  We 'll go back to work after the internationals and see if we can kick on from here , " Dalglish said . "  I do n't think anybody who has won a trophy has ever come away from it and said , ' I never enjoyed that . ' If you get something you enjoy , you 're going to want more of it . "	Kenny Dalglish says Liverpool 's League Cup win can be a springboard for more trophies Liverpool beat second division Cardiff City on penalties in Sunday 's Wembley final The dramatic win clinched Liverpool 's first trophy since the 2006 FA Cup It is the first success for the club 's American owners , who took over in October 2010
CNN  -- After nearly four years of hoping , waiting and praying , an Ohio family learned Sunday their missing son died in Iraq . A 2004 memorial at Glen Este High School in Ohio in honor of Sgt. Keith Matthew Maupin . "  It hurts -- it really hurts . You go through four years of hope , " said Carolyn Maupin , whose son , Staff Sgt. Keith Matthew Maupin , was captured by insurgents in April 2004 . "  It 's like a letdown to me . I 'm trying to get through that right now . " His father , Keith Maupin , said military officials informed the family Sunday afternoon that the remains of the 24-year-old Army reservist had been identified . "  Every parent knows the possibility exists that they may have to face the death of their child when they volunteer to go to war , " he said . "  However , those who are fortunate make peace with that and support their soldier , because they enlisted at their own free will . " A Defense Department official also confirmed the identification , saying Maupin 's remains were found last week but DNA results just came in . Coalition forces found the remains after a local Iraqi tipped them off , military officials said . Maupin , who was 20 at the time of his capture , and another soldier , Sgt. Elmer Krause , 40 , were captured by insurgents April 9 , 2004 , after their convoy came under attack near Baghdad International Airport . A week later , Maupin was shown on a videotape , surrounded by several armed masked men . "  My name is Keith Matthew Maupin , " he stated in the video . "  I am a soldier from the First Division . I am married with a 10-month-old child . I came to liberate Iraq , but I did not come willingly because I wanted to stay with my child . " Krause 's body was found two weeks later . Later that summer , Al-Jazeera aired a videotape purportedly showing the execution of Maupin , but U.S. officials have n't confirmed the identity of the person on the tape . The U.S. Army continued to promote Maupin , who was a private first class in the Army Reserves at the time of his capture , to sergeant and then staff sergeant as they searched for him . Three U.S. troops remain missing in the five-year-old Iraq war : Pvt. Byron W. Fouty and Spc. Alex R. Jimenez have been missing since their military convoy was raided west of Mahmoudiya May 12 . Spc. Ahmed K. Altaie disappeared October 23 , 2006 , and his status was changed to "  missing-captured " nearly two months later . The news about Maupin came Sunday as roadside bombings in northern and western Iraq killed two U.S. troops and attacks on Iraqi police and others left another 19 dead , Iraqi police and U.S. military officials reported . One roadside bombing killed a U.S. soldier north of Baghdad , and a Marine died in another bombing in the western province of Anbar , the U.S. military headquarters there reported . No details of the attacks were released . The latest attacks bring the U.S. death toll in the five-year-old war to 4,009 . E-mail to a friend CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Staff Sgt. Keith Matthew Maupin 's remains were found , U.S. military says Maupin appeared in video aired by Al-Jazeera , saying he was husband , father His convoy came under attack near Baghdad International Airport in 2004 The body of another convoy soldier , Sgt. Elmer Krause , was found that year
