Oprah.com  -- Find time for yourself this holiday season to settle in with one of these five recommended reads . The Scrapbook of Frankie Pratt By Caroline Preston In her whimsical mash-up of historical fiction and scrapbooking , Caroline Preston uses vintage images and artifacts , paper ephemera and flapper-era souvenirs , to enhance a narrative it appears she pecked out on a manual Corona typewriter . Apparently no junk shop or eBay seller was spared in Preston 's search for ways to bring her fictional heroine to life in "  The Scrapbook of Frankie Pratt . " The novel , designed as a memory album , takes Frankie from girlhood in small-town New Hampshire -- cue family photos , magazine biscuit recipes , freckle-cream ads , and an untoward relationship with an older man -- on to graduation from Vassar in 1924 . From there , the aspiring writer goes forth into Greenwich Village bohemia and expat adventures in Paris , including an illicit love affair , progressive political associations , flowering feminism , and encounters with famous folk like Ernest Hemingway and James Joyce . But as befits any sprightly ladies ' fiction of the era , the greatest surprises await our heroine where she least expects them and teach her a fundamental lesson of early-20th-century life . You can love with the heart of an old-fashioned girl and still succeed at that most modern pursuit : an actual , thriving , honest-to-God career . Oprah.com : 5 self-help books everyone should read Mrs. Nixon By Ann Beattie 304 pages ; Scribner Available at : Amazon.com | Barnes & Noble | IndieBound This book of fictionalized reporting and novelized nonfiction about the former First Lady is quirky , in a good way Oprah.com : Jackie O. : A life in books Ed King By David Guterson 320 pages ; Knopf Available at : Amazon.com | Barnes & Noble | IndieBound In his daring novel Ed King , David Guterson reimagines Oedipus Rex in contemporary America . Unlike Oedipus in the original Greek drama , Ed is not royalty per se but the contemporary equivalent : a billionaire tech titan , "  the King of Search . " Born of a fling between a married man and Diane , a much-younger British au pair , baby Ed is left on a stranger 's doorstep and soon adopted into a loving family . Ed grows up handsome , intellectually gifted , and powered by a relentless self-confidence . The narrative runs briskly through decades and multiple points of view as Guterson carves a wry edge into Sophocles 's tragedy about an abandoned baby who grows up to kill his father and marry his mother . For 27 years , Diane 's and Ed 's lives run on parallel tracks : she continually reinventing herselfâ $ " working as a high-end call girl , dog walker , and , eventually , life coach -- and he graduating Stanford and beginning his conquest of the digital world . When they meet by chance , the attraction is immediate and the implications horrifyingly obvious , though not to the lustily oblivious couple . Guterson acknowledges that readers will be "  shuddering at the prospect " of these two having sex , but it 's worth pushing past the ick factor . Somehow , Guterson keeps the novel winningly good-natured and almost farcical , all the better to teach timeless lessons about hubris , ambition , and the consequences of long-ago sins . Oprah.com : Books that made a difference to Katie Holmes The Sisters By Nancy Jensen In this novel , set in Kentucky , two siblings are separated by a single act ; with repercussions that last for generations . Oprah.com : Can you be  real  friends with your sister ? Holy Ghost Girl By Donna Johnson Donna Johnson was 3 years old when her mother , Carolyn , signed on as an organist for  and later lover of  David Terrell , a charismatic traveling preacher and healer who "  could scat on scripture like a jazz singer hopped up on speed . " In Holy Ghost Girl , Johnson explores her years of roaming "  the sawdust trail " of Terrell 's revival tents -- canvas "  ad hoc cathedral  s  " pitched on the edge of Southern towns -- until his ministry grew to include a syndicated radio show , annual missionary trips to India , and a magazine with a 100,000-plus circulation . But as the preacher 's fortunes rose , so , too , did his paranoia and greed ; at one point , having fathered three children with Carolyn and at least one with another woman , he fell afoul of the IRS and was sentenced to a stint in jail . Yet for all the disaster that seems inevitable from the opening pages of this plainspoken memoir , Johnson still maintains some affection for the part-time charlatan who was often caring and loving to her , as well as an unwitting civil rights activist .  He faced down the Ku Klux Klan , insisting his congregation stay integrated .  It is not until long after Johnson has lost touch with Terrell that she can begin to understand he was both prophet and liar . And therein lies the paradox at the center of Johnson 's story , in which faith and love live alongside anger and betrayal . Oprah.com : 24 celebrities reveal the poems that changed their lives Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Find time for yourself this holiday season to settle in with one of these five recommended reads Caroline Preston 's novel is a "  whimsical mash-up of historical fiction and scrapbooking " David Guterson reimagines Oedipus Rex in contemporary America in "  Ed King "
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged global leaders Monday to launch a multibillion-dollar climate fund agreed to last year in Cancun , Mexico . The U.N. chief made the call as he attended a conference of climate vulnerable countries held here in the Bangladesh capital . Representatives from 20 countries attended the ministerial level meeting inaugurated by Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina . Ban said , "  We are in the middle of a serious economic crisis . But even in these difficult times , we can not afford delay . We can not ask the poorest and the most vulnerable to bear the costs . " "  The Green Climate Fund needs to be launched in Durban . An empty shell is not sufficient , " he said . "  Governments must lead the way to catalyze the $ 100 billion dollars per annum from public and private sources that was pledged to 2020 , " he said . He urged the governments to find a compromise on the Kyoto Protocol on climate change at a Durban climate conference and to make a broader comprehensive climate agreement possible in the future . "  Durban must complete what was agreed last year in Cancun , " he said at the Climate Vulnerable Forum-2011 . The two-day CVF conference began Sunday , aiming to reach consensus on various climate issues and an agreement to work together at the 17th Conference of the Parties  COP-17  to be held in Durban , South Africa , beginning November 28 . Ban said adaptation must be a priority for all countries , but especially the most vulnerable . "  They need help with resources and technology , " he said . The conference of the alliance of the 26 most vulnerable countries to climate change , ended with the adoption of a 14-point Dhaka Ministerial Declaration . Bangladesh Prime Minister Hasina expressed her frustration over a slow and inadequate progress of United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change  UNFCCC  process to confront the daunting challenges of climate change , and she called for setting criteria to prioritize vulnerable countries based on their risks and lack of coping capacities . "  We see no evidence of direct and easy access to funds and technology , and conditions and criteria seem to favor countries that have greater capacities ... most vulnerable countries are failing to access whatever support that are being realized , " she said . The CVF members expressed their determination to stand indivisible to face causes , consequences and collateral effects of climate change in their declaration . They reiterated firm resolve to work collectively with the other Parties to the UNFCCC towards limiting foreseeable global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels , peaking global green house gas emissions by 2015 . Briefing reporters after the conference , the Bangladesh state minister for environment and forests , Dr. Hasan Mahmud , said , "  We have decided to raise our voice together on various contentious issues in Durban " . The declaration said climate change induced displacement of people has become a major concern , and the relocation and rehabilitation of those people is putting enormous pressure on infrastructures and service facilities , as well as causing tremendous social stresses . It said migration is a viable adaptation strategy to manage risks during displacement and relocation and affected populations should be offered enhanced options leading to a dignified and diversified livelihood . The Climate Vulnerable Forum was founded at the initiative of the Maldives in 2009 and 26 countries , mostly from the group called the Least Developed Countries , have joined the forum so far . The CVF members include Antigua , Barbuda , Bangladesh , Barbados , Bhutan , Costa Rica , Ethiopia , Ghana , Grenada , Guyana , Kenya , Kiribati , Liberia , Maldives , Marshall Islands , Micronesia , Nepal , Philippines , Rwanda , Saint Lucia , Samoa , Solomon Islands , Tanzania , Timor-Leste , Tuvalu , Vanuatu and Vietnam .	The ministers come from nations considered most vulnerable to climate change An important world-wide climate change meeting is coming up in South Africa The ministers agreed to stand united on a number of climate issues
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Some Israeli archaeologists are having a particularly happy Hanukkah , thanks in part to a British volunteer who took time off from her job to work on a dig . Archaeologists found a hoard of gold coins from the 7th century in Jerusalem on Sunday . The Israel Antiquities Authority reported a thrilling find Sunday -- the discovery of 264 ancient gold coins in Jerusalem National Park . The coins were minted during the early 7th century . "  This is one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever discovered in Jerusalem -- certainly the largest and most important of its period , " said Doron Ben-Ami and Yana Tchekhanovets , who are directing the excavation on behalf of the Israel Antiquities Authority . Researchers discovered the coins at the beginning of the eight-day Jewish holiday of Hanukkah , which started at sunset on Sunday . One of the customs of the holiday is to give "  gelt , " or coins , to children , and the archaeologists are referring to the find as "  Hanukkah money . " Nadine Ross , a British archaeological volunteer , happened onto the coins during the dig just below the walls of the Old City of Jerusalem . "  To be honest , I just thought , ` Thank God I did n't throw it in the rubbish bucket , ' " said Ross , who had taken four weeks off from her engineering job in England to work at the site . "  I was just glad I sort of spotted it before I disturbed it too much . " The 1,400-year-old coins were found in the Giv ` ati car park in the City of David in the walls around Jerusalem National Park , a site that has yielded other finds , including a well-preserved gold earring with pearls and precious stones . They were in a collapsed building that dates back to the 7th century , the end of the Byzantine period . The coins bear a likeness of Heraclius , who was the Byzantine emperor from 610 to 641 . The authority said that while different coins had been minted during this emperor 's reign , the coins found at the site represent "  one well-known type . " In that style , the emperor is clad with military garb and is holding a cross in his right hand . On the other side is the sign of the cross . Authorities said the excavation of the building where the hoard was discovered is in its early stages . They are attempting to learn about the building and its owner and the circumstances of its destruction . "  Since no pottery vessel was discovered adjacent to the hoard , we can assume that it was concealed inside a hidden niche in one of the walls of the building . It seems that with its collapse , the coins piled up there among the building debris , " Ben-Ami and Tchekhanovets said . The find is a a golden moment for Ross , who said "  it is a pity that I ca n't take it home with me . But there you go . " CNN 's Shira Medding and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	NEW : Coins were found by British volunteer ; "  Pity that I ca n't take it home , " she says Researchers find ancient coins in car park in Jerusalem 's City of David Coins were minted in 7th century and depict Byzantine emperor of the era They were found in collapsed building being excavated by archaeologists
Editor 's note : CNN contributor Bob Greene is a best-selling author whose new book is "  Late Edition : A Love Story . " Seven-year-old Wyatt Wilke wanted to be a Marine and a doctor . CNN  -- On the morning of last year 's annual Sunflower Fair in La Porte , Indiana , a family , appearing a little lost , walked up and down a crowded street , looking in vain for the table to sign up their entry . They carried a large sunflower with them . If no one noticed the exhausted , grieving look in the family 's eyes , that was understandable . The Sunflower Fair is a place of happy noise : rides and music and food booths . It is La Porte 's fall festival , and people from across northwest Indiana come to spend a Saturday in the midst of the milling , chattering crowds . The family silently bearing the large sunflower had never been to the fair before . But this was important . They finally located the entry table , and asked for a form . They carefully filled it out . Their flower was entered in the seed head category -- the one that judges the largest seed head , which is the circular area in the middle of a sunflower . They wrote down the name of the person who had grown the sunflower : Wyatt Wilke . He was their 7-year-old son . He had died earlier that same day , at a few minutes after midnight . Now , less than 10 hours later , here they were , with Wyatt 's flower . "  He loved growing his sunflowers , " said his mother , Cathleen Wilke . "  Every year we talked about coming into La Porte for the Sunflower Fair , but we never got around to it . Wyatt really wanted to be part of the contest . " That 's what they had planned -- a day at the fair , to enter his sunflower . He was a healthy , constantly laughing boy -- he loved school , where he was in the second grade , he loved horses , he loved his big brother John , with whom he shared a bedroom . The Wilkes lived in the tiny town of Hamlet , about 15 minutes from La Porte ; Wyatt would look out the back window , watching for blue jays and cardinals . "  He planted his sunflowers in our garden , " Cathleen Wilke said . "  He was so careful with them . A few weeks before the fair , there was a heavy windstorm that knocked his biggest sunflower over . He called to me : ` Mom , it 's on the ground -- my flower , it 's down . ' He was afraid it was ruined . But he managed to save it . " The week before the fair , Wyatt was n't feeling well in class -- he had a sore throat . The school called on a Wednesday . He came home . "  But the next morning , he was up , and he wanted to go to school , " his mother said . "  He was always so responsible -- he said , ' I did n't get my homework done last night . ' I told him that was all right , that the school would understand . But as I made him his toast , he sat there on the couch , doing his homework . " She told him he really should n't go to school . He stayed home . That day , he seemed to get sicker and sicker . "  We drove over to the hospital in South Bend that night , " his mother said . "  He was talking in the car . As sick as he was , he said to us : ` Mom and Dad , when are we going to get to go camping ? ' There was this big , round , moon in the sky , and he looked out the window of the car and told us to look at it . He said the moon was so beautiful . " At the hospital , they knew he was in very bad shape . Wyatt , it would turn out , had contracted an overwhelming bacterial infection that had entered his bloodstream and that was attacking his organs . He was in the hospital that Thursday night and all day and all evening Friday . His body went into septic shock ; it could n't fight off the infection . Friday turned to Saturday . His life ended just as the new day began . "  He had always told us he wanted to grow up to be a Marine , " his mother said . "  Then he said he wanted to be a doctor . So we told him he could be a Marine doctor . " And now they were at the hospital , and at age 7 , he was gone . Someone remembered : This was going to be the day of the Sunflower Fair . How they found the strength to do it is hard to conceive . But that morning , carrying Wyatt 's favorite sunflower -- the one he had saved when the wind had knocked it down -- they were at the fair in La Porte . They waited together as all the categories were judged . No one around them had any idea . And then , through the loudspeaker system at the fair , the winner of his category was announced : "  First place ... Wyatt Wilke . " The judging committee looked around , waiting for the winner to come forward and accept his trophy . His family ... . Well , you can imagine . "  I do n't even remember which one of us went up to accept it for him , " his mother said . "  But Wyatt had won . He had won . " That was a year ago . A few months later , the fair 's organizer , Phyllis Jones , approached Cathleen Wilke and asked her if she would like to serve on the committee . She said yes . And this year at the fair , the contest -- all the categories , the whole competition -- had a new name : The Wyatt Wilke Sunflower Contest . The seeds from Wyatt 's winning flower were given to his classmates at Kingsford Heights Elementary School . The children planted them in the school 's new memorial garden , the one that is named for Wyatt . The sunflowers are blooming now . Soon enough winter will arrive , and the snow will cover Indiana . But the seeds will be planted in the school 's garden every year , and forever the flowers will return , bright and vibrant and full of life 's very best promise , like the smile of a boy who believes he can do anything . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	A boy in Indiana saved his prized sunflower after a windstorm The family entered the flower in a contest after the boy died Seeds of that sunflower will grow in his memorial garden
CNN  Mountaineers have returned to Mount Everest for this year 's climbing season , resuming the quest to summit the world 's highest peak after a deadly season last year . In 2014 , the Nepal climbing season ended after a piece of glacial ice fell , unleashing an avalanche that killed 16 Nepalis who had just finished their morning prayers . The April 18 accident was the single deadliest incident to ever occur on Mount Everest . The deaths launched fierce debates about the enormous risks faced by the Sherpas and the dangers of climbing Everest . In order to reduce risks , the route through Khumbu Icefall , the notoriously treacherous path where the 16 were killed , has been changed to one that takes longer but is expected to be safer . "  They 're going in the icefall and , as we found out on April 18 , it 's the most dangerous place , " said Conrad Anker , a veteran climber who has been to Everest three times . "  They 're exposed to the tumbling ice , hanging seracs above it . It 's very , very dangerous . It 's the most dangerous place I 've been in the mountains . " At this point in the season , climbing teams have not yet entered Khumbu Icefall , which is essentially a frozen river rapid with jagged pieces breaking off and moving . Nepal has issued 347 permits this year to climb Mount Everest , with 125 of them from the previously shortened season , according to the Nepal Ministry of Tourism . It 's a slight increase from the 334 who were given permission last year . The local Nepalese committee that determines the path up Everest announced in February that a different route had been selected . The climbers will now take a central route through the Khumbu Icefall , avoiding the area where the deaths occurred . The committee comprised of Sherpas voted to return to the central route for safety reasons . "  There will be little risk of avalanche than in the right or left , " said Yangji Doma Sherpa , the spokeswoman for the Sagarmatha Pollution Control Committee . The central route had been used in the 1990s , but was abandoned in favor of a quicker route , she said . The new path means climbers will have to cross more crevasses , and use more vertical and horizontal ladders . The committee issued a recommendation that the weight of workers ' gear be limited to avoid overloading the ladders . "  I think it will be an hour longer on the icefall , " said Alan Arnette , who is blogging from Everest base camp this season . "  I do n't think it will be game changer . " But one company , Alpenglow Expeditions , said it would stop climbing from the Nepal side , where the climbers have to go through the icefall , in favor of the northern route from China . "  We 've seen it get progressively more dangerous over the last few years , " said Adrian Ballinger , the company 's founder and CEO . "  We believe the risk is too great for our workers . " According to the China Tibet Mountaineering Association , 320 people have been registered to climb the northern route to Everest this year . That 's 136 more than last year . The Chinese side of Everest has typically been less popular than its Nepal counterpart , because of concerns of government closures . Some Everest observers say the northern route has harsher weather and more rocky terrain , but it also does n't have an icefall . The increasing popularity of the northern route has caused concern amongst Nepali companies that climbers will divert to the Chinese side . "  I can already see the shift with mountaineers I speak to , " said Dawa Steven Sherpa , who is based in Nepal . "  More people are going to go to Tibet than Nepal . Nepal needs the tourism far more than China does . China has incredible wealth of resources and Nepal does not . " Leading expeditions is how Sherpas feed their families and send their children to school . Nepal depends heavily on tourism dollars . Many of the guides had to bury their friends after the accident last year , and while they may be ready to return to the summit , their families are not . Many of them are "  leaving behind nervous , stressed-out wives and children , " whose memories of what happened last year are fresh , said Dawa Sherpa , managing director of Asian Trekking . "  They do say they do n't want to put them through that again , " he said . "  They 're not fearful for their own lives , it 's what they 're putting their family through . " Several mountaineers are also returning this year . One of them is Jon Reiter , who spoke to CNN last year after the tragedy . When the icy avalanche thundered down , Reiter was shoved behind an ice block by his Sherpa guide . Reiter , who is making his way to base camp this year , could not be reached directly . But he explained why he 's heading back to Everest this year on his blog . "  I ca n't quite find the words to tell you why , or what really pulls me back to the mountains , " he wrote . "  When we were in the midst of last year 's events it was hard to see the big picture . It was hard to remember that people die in the mountains but that it 's more rare than not . "  It was hard for me to remember that I 'm not choosing between my life at home and dying in the mountains . I like to think it 's similar to surviving a plane crash or a major pile up on the freeway . " CNN 's Sugam Pokharel contributed to this report .	Climbers are returning to Everest after 2014 season on Nepal side was canceled Climbing permits increase in Tibetan and Nepalese side this year 16 Nepalis died in Khumbu Icefall on Everest last year
CNN  The pop culture gods have been good to us on this day . Let 's begin with the fact that Florence and the Machine finally have new music out . Their last studio album , "  Ceremonials , " was released in 2011 , so the video for their song "  How Big , How Blue , How Beautiful " is like cool water for the parched . Color us thirsty for it . In the video , lead singer Florence Welch dances with , and hugs , her doppelganger . It 's as wonderfully weird as it sounds . But that 's not all . The official worldwide trailer for "  Pitch Perfect 2 " has dropped , and it looks to be as mush fun as the hit original . This time around , the Barden Bellas a cappella girl group is participating in a world championship singing competition . In case you did n't know , girls "  Run the World . " And although he does not appear in it , a new video featuring Hozier 's song "  Take Me to Church " has fans buzzing . Russian ballet dancer Sergei Polunin has teamed up with photographer David LaChapelle for a stunning interpretation of the hit . LaChapelle directed the video , which features a tattooed Polunin in nude tights dancing in an airy white room . Lest you think this day is all about music , a new "  Cinderella " trailer was also released Wednesday . The Kenneth Branagh-directed film starring Lily James and Helena Bonham Carter debuts March 13 .	Florence and the Machine have new music out The official "  Pitch Perfect 2 " trailer has also arrived A Russian ballet dancer interprets "  Take Me to Church "
CNN  -- Iconic American artist LeRoy Neiman , known for his trademark handlebar mustache and his bright , impressionistic portrayals of the world 's top sporting events , died in New York on Wednesday . He was 91 . The cause of death was not immediately known . "  We mourn the passing of such an extraordinary and talented man , " said a statement from his wife Janet and his family , who were with the artist when he died Wednesday evening at New York-Presbyterian Hospital in Manhattan . Although his paintings captured everything from U.S. presidents to jazz musicians to the powerful animals of Africa , Neiman became best known for his bright , bold sketches of the sports world , capturing its motion and emotion in his brushstrokes . The most influential artist you 've probably never heard of Neiman "  has the journalistic talent , as well as the artistic ability , to convey the essence of a game or contestant with great impact , from the Kentucky Derby to Wilt Chamberlain , from the America 's Cup to Muhammad Ali , from the Super Bowl to Bobby Hull , " sports writer Nick Seitz said . He was named official artist of the Olympic Winter Games in Lake Placid and in Sarajevo as well as the Summer Olympics in Los Angeles . Neiman 's powerful imagery of the boxing ring , including fight posters and program covers for the historic Muhammad Ali-Joe Frazier fights , earned him a spot in the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2007 . He was so closely identified with the world of boxing that actor/director Sylvester Stallone tapped Neiman to appear in four of his "  Rocky " movies . Neiman was born June 8 , 1921 , in St. Paul , Minnesota , the son of Lydia Sophia Serline and Charles Julius Runquist . He later took the surname of one of his stepfathers , after his biological father abandoned the family , his biography says . He enlisted in the army in 1942 , serving during World War II . Neiman was in the invasion of Normandy and fought in the Battle of the Bulge , according to his publicist Gail Parenteau , later attending Chicago 's prestigious School of the Art Institute on the G.I. Bill . Neiman taught at the Institute for 10 years early in his career before gaining recognition as a contributing artist for Playboy in the 1950s . The series "  Man at His Leisure " appeared in the magazine for 15 years , showing the artist 's impressions of sporting events and social activities . Included in the series was the Grand Prix in Monaco , the Beatles in London and the running of the bulls in Pamplona , Spain . Staying true to his style , Neiman 's public persona was as almost as colorful as his artwork . "  I guess I created LeRoy Neiman , " the artist once said , according to the biography on his website . "  Nobody else told me how to do it . Well , I 'm a believer in the theory that the artist is as important as his work . " Thomas Kinkade , popular artist , dies at age 54	LeRoy Neiman is best known for his paintings of sports figures , especially boxers Sylvester Stallone tapped Neiman to appear in four of his "  Rocky " movies His public persona was as almost as colorful as his artwork
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Tony Scott 's fatal plunge from a California bridge Sunday remained a public mystery Tuesday as medical investigators and his family disputed a report that the British director suffered from inoperable brain cancer . Scott , best known for the films "  Top Gun " and "  Beverly Hills Cop II , " apparently committed suicide by jumping from the Vincent Thomas Bridge in San Pedro , California , about 12:30 p.m. Sunday , said Lt. Joe Bale of the coroner 's office . Scott , 68 , wrote two notes before his death , including a message left in his Los Angeles office that was apparently for family members , a coroner official said . The second note , detailing contact information for authorities investigating his death , was found in his Toyota Prius parked nearby , the official said . Investigators would not say what clues those notes may have given them concerning Scott 's motivation for suicide , which Bale said was the apparent cause of death . "  There 's nothing to indicate it is anything else at this time , " he said Monday . Director Tony Scott : An appreciation It will be weeks before the findings of Monday 's autopsy are made public , the coroner 's office said Tuesday . "  Our examination is complete and we will be working towards a comprehensive document once we close the case , " Deputy Chief Coroner Ed Winter said . An ABC report Monday suggested the director was scripting his own death after being told by a doctor that he was dying of inoperable brain cancer . The network did not name the source of its information . "  I did talk to the family yesterday late afternoon , and according to his wife , he did not have brain cancer as reported , and  she  does not know who told ABC that information , which is absolutely false , " Winter said . Scott 's unexplained death shocked the Hollywood stars who worked with him on a long list of successful movies over the past three decades . Denzel Washington , who starred in several Scott-directed thrillers -- including 2010 's "  Unstoppable " -- said it was "  unfathomable to think that he is now gone . " Tony Scott : Unstoppable Hollywood force "  He had a tremendous passion for life and for the art of filmmaking and was able to share this passion with all of us through his cinematic brilliance , " he said . Born Anthony D.L. Scott in North Shields , England , in 1944 , the director got his start as a teenager in front of the camera , starring in his older brother Ridley Scott 's film "  Boy and Bicycle . " In 1995 , the two joined forces to create the production company Scott Free Productions . Tony Scott became a household name in 1986 as director of the mega-hit "  Top Gun , " starring Tom Cruise and Kelly McGillis . He followed that up with the Eddie Murphy action movie "  Beverly Hills Cop II " in 1987 . Both Cruise and Murphy released statements mourning the loss of their director . "  Tony was my dear friend and I will really miss him . He was a creative visionary whose mark on film is immeasurable . My deepest sorrow and thoughts are with his family at this time , " Cruise said . Scott made tense films for jittery times Murphy described Scott as a "  wonderful collaborator " and said he will be missed . Pepperdine University film professor Craig Detweiler called Scott "  the supreme stylist " who "  operated at the top of his game throughout each decade of his career . " "  He was able to make the thinnest of premises into something pulse-pounding and exciting , and he 's almost a filmmaker as a magician who found drama amidst almost contrived situations , " he said . Taking his own life by jumping from a bridge is "  a high-adrenaline ending , which matches his dramatic style , " Detweiler said . "  He put Denzel Washington , Will Smith and Tom Cruise in movies where one man overcomes all struggles , triumphs over struggles , and yet it appears he was not able to write that story for himself , " he said . Actor Michael Rapaport , who was directed by Scott in "  True Romance , " took to Twitter to praise the director . In one post , he said there has n't been a day since the movie was released in 1993 that someone does n't tell him how much they loved the film . "  Tony Scott was a sweet enthusiastic & lovin man , " Rapaport wrote . Scott cemented his reputation for big-budget action films with 1990 's "  Revenge " starring Kevin Costner and "  Days of Thunder " with Cruise . In 1998 , he directed "  Enemy of the State " with actors Smith and Gene Hackman . It was on the set of "  Days of Thunder " where Scott met actress Donna Wilson , whom he married in 1994 . They had twin sons . Reaction to Scott 's death poured out Monday , with directors , actors and fans mourning the news . 11 Scott films we 'll remember "  Being around you was always the ultimate experience -- intensity , vitality and celebration . Pure rock and roll and great cigars . Your warmth and generosity was palpable to all us . You treated everyone with care and respect , " said actor Edgar Ramirez , who starred in Scott 's 2005 film , "  Domino . " "  You always focused on the subtleties , taking the best out of us . I am proud to be your friend , and although I wo n't be seeing you for a while , you will live on in the laughter of our memories of you . " "  Tony Scott as a friend and a mentor was irreplaceable . Tone , wherever you are , I love you man . RIP , " director and producer Joe Carnahan said on Twitter . Carnahan recounted how when his movie "  The Grey " was finished , Scott called to tell him he had seen it . He told Carnahan it was great and not to allow anybody to change anything in it . "  Tony always sent personal , handwritten notes & always drew a cartoon caricature of himself , smoking a cigar , with his hat colored in red , " Carnahan said in a post . Psychiatrist : I hate suicide but also understand it Scott directed his last film , the train thriller "  Unstoppable " starring Washington , in 2010 . "  For me , it was the most challenging movie of my life , and the most dangerous because I 'm shooting 90 percent of the movie on a train that is running between 50 and 70 mph , " Scott told CNN at the time . Scott 's reputation in Hollywood was low-key . "  He was n't a showy kind of guy , " longtime entertainment reporter Jeanne Wolf told CNN . Scott was often seen sporting a frayed , faded red ball cap on movie sets and at red carpet premieres . The ball cap , Wolf said , was his trademark . While Scott 's movies garnered box office success , they never received the acclaim that generated Academy Award nominations . In 2002 , the Scott brothers won an Emmy for the television movie "  The Gathering Storm . " Scott also was nominated for the Emmy as a producer for the CBS drama "  The Good Wife . " "  So very , very sorry to hear of the death of Tony Scott , " actress Martha Plimpton , who appeared in "  The Good Wife , " said via Twitter . Among his last projects was serving as an executive producer on the TV miniseries "  Coma , " which is due to air this year . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	Film director Tony Scott left two notes before his apparent suicide , a coroner official says It will be weeks before autopsy results are made public , an official says "  Unfathomable to think that he is now gone , " Denzel Washington says Scott is best known for the films "  Top Gun " and "  Beverly Hills Cop II "
World powers and Iran resumed talks Thursday in Vienna , Austria , aimed at reaching a permanent deal on the future of Tehran 's nuclear program ahead of a looming deadline . This is the final round of talks before an interim six-month agreement reached between Iran and the so-called P5 +1 group of nations -- the United States , the United Kingdom , France , China , Russia and Germany -- comes to an end July 20 . Iran 's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif met with U.S. Deputy Secretary of State William Burns and EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton on Wednesday , ahead of the first full session Thursday . Michael Mann , a spokesman for Ashton , told reporters in Vienna that the six world powers were committed to reaching an agreement ahead of the deadline . He described the atmosphere at the talks as "  very workmanlike , very serious , very determined " and said the negotiations would continue for "  as long as it takes " for a deal to be forged . The deadline could potentially be extended . Ashton also met Thursday with the head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , which would play a key role in the implementation of a final agreement , Mann said . Under the interim deal , Iran cut back on parts of its nuclear program and the six nations reduced economic sanctions . For example , Iran agreed not to install new centrifuges , used to enrich uranium . The P5 +1 nations agreed to suspend sanctions on gold and precious metals , Iran 's auto sector and Iran 's petrochemical exports . Iran insists that its nuclear program is peaceful , but the world powers fear it has ambitions to build nuclear weapons . Tricky negotiations Tehran has sounded a more positive tone toward the West since President Hassan Rouhani was elected last year to succeed the more volatile Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Iran 's state-run Press TV quoted the country 's top nuclear negotiator , Abbas Araqchi , as saying a deal could be reached if "  the Iranian nation 's nuclear rights are consolidated and respected . " But there 's no guarantee that the two sides will be able to overcome their differences around the negotiating table . Iran wants the final deal to recognize its right to have a peaceful nuclear program . Its negotiators have also signaled they would accept tougher inspections and limits on production of enriched uranium . But in return , Iran wants the world powers to lift their crippling sanctions . However , the world powers expect a final deal that adds further checks and limitations to Iran 's nuclear program . They have even suggested demanding that Iran dismantle some nuclear facilities and shut down thousands of centrifuges , and they may also want some sanctions to stay in place . Iranians on the streets of Tehran told CNN they want to see a nuclear agreement . "  It 's best if we reach a compromise , " said poet Mohammed Rostami . "  It will help the economy and open things up to the rest of the world . " "  We have to be hopeful for a deal , otherwise young people will keep leaving Iran , " said graphic artist Behnaz . Kerry : Iran 's leaders have a choice In an opinion piece published Monday in The Washington Post , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged Tehran "  to back up its words with concrete and verifiable actions , " saying this should not be hard if it is being honest about its intentions . "  All along , these negotiations have been about a choice for Iran 's leaders , " he wrote . "  They can agree to the steps necessary to assure the world that their country 's nuclear program will be exclusively peaceful and not be used to build a weapon , or they can squander a historic opportunity to end Iran 's economic and diplomatic isolation and improve the lives of their people . "  Diplomacy and leadership are marked by tough calls . This should n't be one of them . " However , despite all the months of talks , Western negotiators still do n't know which way Iran will go , Kerry said -- and a discrepancy remains between what the Iranians say they want from their nuclear program and the content of that program so far .	Negotiators for Iran and six world powers resume nuclear talks in Vienna , Austria They want to reach a permanent agreement on the future of Iran 's nuclear program An interim deal is due to expire in less than three weeks U.S. secretary of state urges Iran 's leaders to back up words with concrete actions
CNN  -- A man climbed to the top of a nearly 60-story skyscraper in downtown San Francisco , California , on Monday , where he unfurled a U.S. flag and was promptly detained by police . Video from CNN affiliate KGO showed a man , dressed in red , scaling the side of a giant tower with what appeared to be suction cups . "  He made it to the top of the building and my understanding is that there were some officers waiting for him , " said Albie Esparza , a spokesman for the San Francisco Police Department . He identified the climber as Daniel Goodwin , also known as the "  Skyscraper Man . " On his website , Goodwin said he planned to climb the Millennium Tower , a nearly 60-story building in San Francisco , to help raise awareness of cancer and the county 's vulnerability to terrorist attacks on its skyscrapers . After unfurling an American flag at the top of the building , the climber turned himself over to police . Esparza said Goodwin was cited on two misdemeanor charges and released .	The man was detained by police at the top of a roughly 60-story skyscraper On his website , the ` Skyscraper Man ' says he did it to raise awareness
CNN  When Jeb Bush spoke last week at the Conservative Political Action Conference in National Harbor , Maryland , the likely GOP presidential hopeful did better than expected . Of course , that could have been because expectations were so low . You remember "  Bush Derangement Syndrome . " When George W. Bush was president , it afflicted liberals who thought the chief executive could n't do anything right . Now that Jeb might run for president in 2016 , the condition vexes conservatives who believe that when it comes to choosing the GOP nominee , the former Florida governor is all wrong . During Bush 's speech , a few dozen supporters of Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky -- wearing red T-shirts with the words "  Stand With Rand " -- walked out and later blasted Bush as insufficiently conservative . But what should really count for a lot is that Bush is sufficiently competent . He 's the grownup in a roomful of extremists who -- as they compare union members to ISIS  Scott Walker  or vow to abolish the IRS  Ted Cruz  or bash the media  Chris Christie  -- seem most interested in applause lines . Bush is a serious person with a serious shot at the presidency , something that you just ca n't say about all Republicans who appear to be running . As someone who is bilingual and whose wife hails from Mexico , Bush can hit Hillary Clinton , the likely Democratic nominee , where it hurts by carving into her Latino support . In his 1998 gubernatorial election , and 2002 re-election , Bush received over 60 percent of the Latino vote . And it 's no secret that , for many Latinos who might vote for Bush , the make-or-break issue is immigration . That 's because many Latinos see immigration as a way of determining a candidate 's character . Latinos will be watching to see if Bush stands up to the pressure from extremists to join the GOP 's closed border chorus . They 're used to being thrown under the bus by politicians who sacrifice Latinos to gin up support from non-Latinos . And they wo n't put up with it . So which way is Bush going to go on immigration ? For many years , he extolled the contributions of immigrants and expressed dismay that elements of his party are closed-minded and mean-spirited on the issue . He even acknowledged that , to many , the party is seen as "  anti-immigrant . " Lately , though , Bush has injected more nuance into his views -- and turned them mushy in the process . On the question of whether undocumented youth should have a path to citizenship , for example , Bush at first supported the idea , then he opposed it . And most recently , he has said that he could support such a path if Congress mandates it . On the Arizona immigration law , Bush apparently likes the concept of enlisting local police to be "  the eyes and ears " of the border patrol . But he has also been sympathetic to critics who worry that this will lead to ethnic profiling of Latinos . Too often , Bush leaves the impression that he 'll say whatever he needs to say to avoid conflict . So it was actually refreshing to see Bush use his appearance at CPAC -- which took the form of an onstage interview by conservative talk show host Sean Hannity -- to once again speak plainly . In response to questions , Bush emphasized the need to secure the U.S. border , insisted that immigration policy should be driven by economic concerns and the need for high-skilled immigrants , and reaffirmed support for giving undocumented immigrants driver 's licenses and in-state tuition at public colleges and universities . The crowd booed that last one . Bush criticized President Obama 's executive actions to prioritize deportations , but also bashed Republicans in Congress for protesting that policy by holding up funds for the Department of Homeland Security . Finally , in response to what is often the most contentious aspect of this debate , Bush also stressed the need to create a path to citizenship for millions of illegal immigrants who are currently in the United States . "  I know there 's disagreement here , " he said . "  The simple fact is that there is no plan to deport 11 million people . We should give them a path to legal status where they work ... and contribute to our society . " More boos . The way Bush sees it , the GOP is good at being against things but "  we have to start being for things again . " In response to a heckler , Bush stared out into the crowd to address his critic . "  I 'm marking you down as neutral , " he told the heckler . "  I 'll look forward to being your second choice . " Not even close . In the Washington Times/CPAC presidential preference straw poll of 3,007 participants , Bush came in fifth out of 17 candidates with just 8 percent of the vote . First place went to Rand Paul , who earned 25.7 percent . Clearly , Bush has a long way to go in convincing conservatives that he 's their best choice . But his appearance at CPAC set exactly the right tone . Voters in both parties have plenty of candidates telling them what they want to hear just to get their support . What they need are more candidates who tell them what they need to hear : the truth . That wo n't make the candidates popular . But it does make them credible . Score 1 for Bush .	Jeb Bush attended this year 's Conservative Political Action Conference Ruben Navarrette : Latinos want to see if Bush stands up to pressure from extremists
CNN  A dark intersection . A church van full of parishioners . And tragedy . That 's about all police in Glades County , Florida , had to work with early Monday , hours after a van with 18 people inside ran a stop sign , crossed a four-lane highway and plunged into a shallow water-filled ditch . Eight people died . Ten others , including a 4-year-old child , were injured , according to police . Investigators do n't know why it happened , Florida Highway Patrol spokesman Lt. Greg Bueno told CNN affiliate WPBF . The driver died , and police have n't been able to interview passengers yet . "  Our hearts go out to the families of the victims , " Bueno said . "  It breaks your heart to see something like this happen . " Some relatives of the crash victims , all of whom were from the Independent Haitian Assembly of God in Fort Pierce , gathered at the rural intersection Monday morning . Others went to the church . "  We 've lost a lot of family members , church family , " Phillipe Dorce , who said he lost his father , told WPBF . "  All we can do is pray  to  God to help us out . Pray for us . It 's very sad for us . " Linda Dolce told the news site TCPalm.com that her grandmother died in the crash . She 'd arrived from Haiti six years ago . "  She loved singing and helping people , " TCPalm.com quoted her as saying . "  She was exciting ; she was the best lady to us . " Laura Lochard told the site that her uncle died in the crash , leaving behind four children , the youngest of which is 16 , whom he brought to the United States from Haiti . He was like a father to her , too , she said . "  It 's never easy to lose a person , but I have to be strong , " she told the site . "  I 'll never forget his smile . " A pastor at the church , Sereste Doresma told CNN that parishioners had attended a revival in Fort Myers and had left Sunday afternoon . "  This is a very difficult day for us today , " he said . The van apparently was traveling east on State Road 78 when it ran a stop sign at U.S. Highway 27 early Monday , authorities said . It then crossed all four lanes of U.S. 27 and stopped in a ditch that was partially filled with water . No one saw the accident on the rural stretch of roadway that 's frequented mostly by commercial traffic , Bueno said . One of the passengers flagged down a passing vehicle , whose driver called police , the trooper said . Police had to remove the seats of the van to remove passengers , Bueno said . Among other things , investigators are looking into the capacity of the van . It appeared to be rated for 16 passengers , Bueno said . Of the passengers , all were adults except for the 4-year-old , who was in stable condition at a hospital , Bueno said . Two of the adult passengers were in critical condition , he said . Passengers were being treated at four hospitals .	"  We 've lost a lot of family members , church family , " a man whose father died tells CNN affiliate WPBF Eight people are dead , 10 are injured after a church van crash in Florida early Monday Investigators do n't know why the van ran a stop sign and plunged into a shallow canal
Atlanta  CNN  -- All through the night , limbs fell and transformers blew . Each sent a sharp crack that echoed across the neighborhood . When dawn broke , we could see the culprit -- and the damage : Pines in the park across the street stood naked like telephone poles , stripped of their branches under the weight of ice . Elsewhere , whole trees were felled . And across the city , the power was out , overhead lines brought down by ice , trees and boughs . The city in a forest was in the dark . And so were we . I was 12 when that happened -- in 1973 -- and I spent much of Wednesday waiting for another "  storm of the century " to hit Atlanta . Snow , sleet and ice pummeled the Southeast , and hundreds of thousands lost power . But it was nothing like the ice storm that walloped the city 41 years ago and plunged the Capital of the New South into seven days of survival . This time , fortunately , most of the area dodged the bullet . That 's not to say the storm did n't take a toll . At least two people 's deaths were attributed to the weather , and others experienced close calls . But it could have been so much worse . This is the storm that forecasters feared : trees laden with ice bringing a city of 6 million to its knees for a week . I remember it like it was yesterday : See 1973 footage of the storm from WAGA on YouTube We lost power almost immediately -- and with it the heat . We had a gas furnace in the basement , but without its electric blower it was useless . Once the shock of what had happened wore off , and before my sister and I were allowed outside to explore the icy wonderland , my parents acted fast . Mom turned on the gas stove in the kitchen while Dad made space in the adjoining den for us to sleep . We were one of the lucky families ; my folks had n't gotten around to remodeling the kitchen in our prewar home with one of those newfangled electric ovens . We still had a source of heat . Dad dragged mattresses from our bedrooms and laid them out next to the pull-out sofa . He and Mom gathered piles of clothes and blankets , while my sister and I rounded up our favorite toys and books from our rooms . And then the doors to the rest of the house were closed . Sealed off . For the next six days , this would be our home : the kitchen , breakfast room and den-turned-bedroom heated by a life-saving gas oven . Candles in Coke bottles illuminated the darkness . Trips to the bathroom on the other side of the house were fast -- and freezing . To me , a space geek who followed all the Gemini and Apollo missions on live TV , our three-room hovel was a survival capsule where four Earthbound astronauts huddled for warmth , much like the three Apollo 13 spacemen who had turned their crippled craft into a makeshift life raft that brought them home alive . Of course our situation was n't nearly as dire as that scenario , made famous later by Tom Hanks and Ron Howard . But the imagination of a 12-year-old works wonders in fighting the boredom of being cooped up with your parents and younger sister for a week . After a few days , our phone service was restored -- it had gone out with the power ; this was decades before wireless technology and cell phones -- and my mother began calling her friends and cousins . One of my favorite cousins lived a few miles away , and the electricity was on at his family 's house . They invited us to stay with them immediately . My parents held out hope that our power would be back soon , but after two more days of roughing it and no sign of Georgia Power on our street , they finally relented . We packed up the car and headed over to Herschel 's place . His neighborhood was a mess -- trees down everywhere -- and on Saturday morning the men came out of their homes carrying chainsaws and gas cans . We watched in fascination as they ripped through the limbs , snow still on the ground , and turned debris into firewood . After helping haul wood , we were treated with mugs of hot chocolate . And by Sunday night -- a week after the storm started -- we learned that our power , too , was back . Turns out we were one of the last streets the linemen reached . They must have been exhausted . Now school loomed -- after a cold but glorious break -- and Dad would be returning to work . We went home and dismantled our lifeboat , and for the first time in a week spent the night in our own beds . What local reporters were calling the "  storm of the century " was over . For longtime Atlantans , it was a storm we would never forget -- one that would make future storms a bit more bearable .	41 years ago , major ice storm felled trees , power lines across Atlanta Metro area of 1.5 million lost power for up to a week Families huddled in homes , blocked off rooms , used gas stoves for heat This is the storm forecasters feared for the city this week
CNN  -- Lupita Nyong ' o wants children to understand something she did n't when she was growing up : Love the skin you 're in . The Oscar-winning actress further cemented her superstar status Tuesday with an appearance on "  Sesame Street " to talk about skin with Elmo -- who , it turns out , has red skin under his iconic red fur . The "  love the skin you 're in " line comes at the very end of the clip , after a conversation about how skin protects us and allows us to feel things . When Elmo notices that Nyong ` o 's skin is "  a beautiful brown color , " Nyong ' o replies , "  That 's the thing I love most about skin ... skin comes in lots of beautiful shades and colors . " It 's no surprise that Nyong ' o appeared on "  Sesame Street " to deliver that particular message . Although she 's People magazine 's "  Most Beautiful " person for 2014 , the actress has spoken about how , as a child , she felt anything but . Lupita Nyong ' o named People 's most beautiful person of 2014 Accepting an award in February at the seventh annual Black Women in Hollywood Luncheon , Nyong ' o told the crowd of her childhood struggle with self-hate and her prayers for lighter skin . It was n't until Nyong ' o saw celebrated fashion model Alek Wek that her feelings began to change . The shift was gradual , Nyong ' o said , but "  a flower could n't help but bloom inside of me . " Eventually , the actress said , she "  realized that beauty was not a thing that I could acquire or consume , it was something that I just had to be . " And now she can say , as she told her young viewers on "  Sesame Street , " "  I love my skin . "	Lupita Nyong ' o had a special message on "  Sesame Street " Tuesday She encouraged the kids watching to "  love the skin you 're in " The Oscar winner has spoken about her struggle with self-acceptance
The state 's chief witness in the Trayvon Martin murder case lied under oath , prosecutors say . The young woman who says she was on the phone with Martin when he encountered George Zimmerman lied about her whereabouts at another time , the prosecution told a judge Tuesday . The woman , whose name has not been released , had told prosecutors that she was in the hospital on the day of Martin 's funeral . The defense then sought her medical records . Letters to Zimmerman show split opinions on Trayvon Martin shooting In court on Tuesday , the state said the woman , known as Civilian Witness 8 , was not in the hospital , so there are no such records to be turned over . Prosecutors did not immediately respond to a question Wednesday from CNN about the witness 's credibility and how this may affect the case . Questions have long surrounded the woman . Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump first played an audio recording of the woman a year ago at a news conference . The recording seemed to have very poor quality . Police said that as of that point they had not interviewed her . Trayvon Martin 's parents ready to let jury decide fate of son 's killer Crump said the witness was 16 years old . But prosecutors have since said she was already 18 -- legally an adult -- on the night of the killing , February 26 , 2012 , in Sanford , Florida . Martin , 17 , was walking to the house of his father 's fiancee after a trip to a nearby convenience store . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , has acknowledged shooting Martin . Crump has accused Zimmerman of killing Martin "  in cold blood . " Zimmerman says he acted in self-defense . 5 things to know about the George Zimmerman-Trayvon Martin saga	The witness lied about being in the hospital during Trayvon Martin 's funeral Martin family attorney said she was 16 , but prosecutors said she was 18 Prosecutors have not said how the witness 's credibility may affect the case Trayvon Martin , 17 , was killed Feb. 26 , 2012
Valdosta , Georgia  CNN  -- New surveillance video released Wednesday in the case of a Georgia teen found dead inside a rolled-up gym mat raises more questions than it answers . There were 36 cameras inside and outside the gym of Lowndes High School in Valdosta , where the body of Kendrick Johnson was discovered . The video was released as a result of legal action , filed by his family , that CNN joined . Johnson 's family suspects the 17-year-old was murdered and that someone has tried to cover up evidence in the case . One clip shows Johnson in the gym . A second shows him walking in , then running out of the frame . In both videos , students suddenly appear . Federal prosecutor will look into Kendrick Johnson case An attorney for Lowndes County Sheriff Chris Prine said the video was not altered or edited by anyone within the sheriff 's office . An attorney for the school likewise said that what was provided to the sheriff 's office was the raw feed , with no edits . A third clip , which shows students playing in the gym and the mats where Johnson 's body was found , is blurry . "  There are so many questions yet unanswered . As we 've said before , this is a real-life murder mystery and there just seems to be more and more adding to the mystery , " Benjamin Crump , a family attorney , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  His parents have always said , all they want to know is the truth . And this video tape seems to tell us that the truth has not come out yet -- almost as if something was done with this one video to help conceal the truth . But we 're going to keep pressing to get the truth to this murder mystery , " he added . Parents of Georgia teen found dead want answers Last week , a prosecutor said federal authorities will investigate the circumstances behind the death of Johnson , whose body was found on January 11 . The Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office had declared the death accidental . While warning his jurisdiction is limited as a federal prosecutor , Michael Moore , the U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia , said after lengthy review of evidence collected by authorities and the family 's own investigator "  sufficient basis exists " to warrant a formal review of the facts . Should evidence gathered in the investigation warrant criminal or civil rights charges , Moore said he would recommend them . "  I will follow the facts wherever they lead . My objective is to discover the truth , " he said . Surveillance footage shows others	Kendrick Johnson was found dead inside a rolled-up gym mat His family believes he was murdered ; authorities say the death was accidental The new video raises more questions than it answers
CNN  -- Her smiling face is broadcast to more than 20 million Americans each month -- yet Victoria Osteen still acts like your small-town Texan neighbor . She makes sure to ask how you 're doing and what you did for the holidays before getting down to anything business-related . "  I know the people I 've talked to are really valuing what they have right now , " Victoria Osteen said . As co-pastor of Lakewood Church in Houston , Texas , with her husband , Joel , Victoria Osteen is an inspiration and mentor to many . Her first book , "  Love Your Life : Living Happy , Healthy and Whole , " offers busy , distressed women advice on embracing joy . And her newly released children 's books  "  Unexpected Treasures " and "  My Happy Heart Books "  aim to help kids develop their character and friendships . "  You know , books are such a great way to spend time with your children , open lines of communication with your children , and just build that strong foundation , " she said . CNN talked with Victoria Osteen about the uncertain economy , common financial sins , and why encouragement is so important . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : Your first book was released in October . Why did you write it ? Who were you hoping to inspire ? Victoria Osteen : I 've talked to so many people after the last 10 years , and I just found that there was a kind of thread that ran through every conversation . Relationships are people 's No. 1 priorities . They want to have good relationships and a lot of times they do n't . Even in these uncertain times , these economic uncertainties , we have to be able to develop our relationships and our support systems . So I addressed a lot of those issues , and just gave practical advice from my life and people I 've talked to . So I just hoped to inspire people to just realize their influence , their value , and the fact that they can get even more out of their relationships and enjoy them . CNN : Have you heard many stories about these difficult economic times ? Osteen : It 's interesting , because we get so much uncertainty and get so stressed out , and I know the people I 've talked to are really valuing what they have right now . And they 're starting with their relationships , with their children , with family . They 're saying , "  I want to focus on them , I do n't want to be so distracted in what 's going on that I ca n't spend time with my family . " And I think that 's what happens to us . We go through hard times and difficulties and those things seem to pass . But our relationships are there for a lifetime . In times like this , we need each other and we need to support one another and encourage one another . We all need encouragement so it 's good to have that strong support system . CNN : How is religion affected in times like these ? ... Do more people turn to God for hope ? Or do they get discouraged because he 's not doing enough ? Osteen : You know , sometimes I think these difficult situations can bring us back to what is important and maybe do some things that we should have done before in our life . I find that people are coming back to their faith . They 're depending on it , and they want to rediscover what 's important . So I really think there 's a lot of hope and a lot of encouragement out there . And people are wanting to say , you know , "  We 're going to get through these tough times , too . " And their faith is a key here , it really is . CNN : What are the main financial "  sins " you see ? What do people do over and over again that they could do better ? Osteen : I think we could all do better sometimes of not overextending ourselves as much . It 's easy in our day and age to just extend ourselves in the credit line and things like that , but this -LSB- economic time -RSB- I think will bring people back -- "  You know , I need to live within my means and be kind of careful with my money . " CNN : Do you have any advice for those that are suffering with personal finances or job loss ? Osteen : I would just encourage them to reach into their faith and reach out to God and to keep their family around them . I mean , I just think that is so important to keep a strong support system , to keep yourself encouraged . You know , when you get down and discouraged , you do n't see any hope in a situation -- it does n't help you rise above it . And another thing ... extend our hand to someone else . You might not be able to help financially , but you can help someone maybe by just babysitting their children while they go on a job interview or , you know , just doing the simple things to get outside your own self and your own needs . Sometimes in need , when you reach out and meet someone else 's need , it 's amazing how it can change the atmosphere around you . CNN : You travel around the country , spreading an uplifting message . How does it affect you to always have to be the positive one ? Do you ever get tired of that or feel like things are bringing you down ? Osteen : Well , you know we all have to keep ourselves encouraged . I have to encourage myself every day because when you look at what 's going on , you can just look down and say , "  What 's happening ? " You know , you can let fear attach itself to you and fear is contagious -- when you get around it , it just seems to build on itself . The thing about it is that I 've seen God do so many miracles for so many people . I talk to people everyday who this lord of encouragement has helped them stay above it all , so they can make good decisions . God can lead them in a better direction . So because I 've seen God do so many great things , it just helps me to say , "  Stay encouraged " and "  You can do it , do n't give up . " Because God 's faithful , and I think that 's what helps me continue to encourage other people .	Victoria Osteen is co-pastor of Lakewood Church with husband , Joel Osteen She wrote two children 's books , one called "  Unexpected Treasures " "  I think we could all do better sometimes of not overextending ourselves , " she says Victoria Osteen on financial stress : "  Encourage them to reach into their faith "
CNN  -- Architecture buffs savor Chicago 's buildings , but you do n't have to be a connoisseur to appreciate the city 's masonry and steel marvels . Some of America 's most influential architects worked in the Windy City . The Chicago Architecture Foundation conducts more than 70 different kinds of tours and expects to lead more than 200,000 people through various corners of the city this year . Chicago 's reputation for world-class architecture took root during an 1880s building boom , spurred by the city 's rapid growth as a transportation hub . The Great Fire of 1871 destroyed much of the city 's original construction and set the stage for innovation . CNN asked Jason Neises , the foundation 's director of tours , to give us some highlights of Chicago 's rich architectural history : THE CHICAGO RIVER : BIRTH OF A CITY "  The Chicago River is really the centerpiece of the whole city , and it 's the reason why Chicago is here -- this transportation network that allowed Chicago to grow into a world-class city , " Neises said . Much of the city 's best architecture -- both historic and modern -- can be seen along the river , making river cruises a top draw for tourists . See a gallery of Chicago 's architectural highlights " Do n't miss : The Wrigley Building and the Tribune Tower  at Michigan Avenue and Wacker Drive  were built in the 1920s to house the Wrigley chewing gum company and the Chicago Tribune . 333 West Wacker Drive , completed in 1983 , features a wall of green glass that curves to follow a bend in the Chicago River . DANIEL BURNHAM  1846-1912  : CITY PLANNER Burnham was an influential early Chicago architect but is most notable for his 1909 Plan for Chicago and its lasting influence on urban planning . "  Even in modern Chicago in 2007 , people think about his plan when looking to do new things in the city , " Neises said . Early in his career , Burnham worked with William Le Baron Jenney , who is known as the "  father of the skyscraper " for his work with metal-frame construction . Later , Burnham and his partner , John Wellborn Root , built a number of buildings in what became known as the Chicago commercial style , which used metal framework to allow for taller buildings with larger windows and more open floor plans . Do n't miss : The Rookery  1885-88  , 209 S. LaSalle St. This building , designed by Burnham and Root , uses both load-bearing masonry and metal-frame construction , tracing the evolution of commercial architecture . Santa Fe Building  1904  , 224 S. Michigan Ave. Designed by D.H. Burnham and Co. , the building is the former home of Burnham 's own offices and now houses the Chicago Architecture Foundation . It 's a mature version of the Chicago commercial style that developed in the 1880s . LAKEFRONT PARKS : TESTAMENT TO FORESIGHT The lakefront parks were protected from commercial development from the city 's earliest days and incorporated by Daniel Burnham into his 1909 city plan , creating one of the most unique and enjoyable aspects of Chicago 's urban landscape . Do n't miss : Grant Park , south of the Chicago River , is the centerpiece of the park system . The expanse is home to the 1927 Buckingham Fountain and several of Chicago 's top museums , and it hosts many of the city 's popular festivals . LOUIS SULLIVAN  1856-1924  : AMERICAN VISION Sullivan , one of America 's most influential architects , rejected the tradition of copying historic European styles and worked instead to develop uniquely American buildings . Sullivan believed that buildings should look organic and in harmony with their environment , and he developed the "  form follows function " philosophy . Do n't miss : The Auditorium Building  1886-1890  , 430 S. Michigan Ave. , was designed to house a theater , a hotel and offices , and is widely recognized as Sullivan and his partner Dankmar Adler 's masterpiece . FRANK LLOYD WRIGHT  1867-1959  : DESIGN REVOLUTION Wright , widely considered to be the greatest architect of the 20th century , started his career in Chicago working first for Joseph Lyman Silsbee and soon after for Adler and Sullivan . Louis Sullivan was Wright 's mentor . Slide show : Learn more about Frank Lloyd Wright " Wright developed the Prairie style in the Chicago area , revolutionizing residential architecture . The style is characterized by accentuated horizontal lines and a fluid relationship between a structure and its environment . Do n't miss : Frank Lloyd Wright 's home and studio  1889-1898  at 951 Chicago Ave. in Oak Park , Illinois , is open for tours and accessible via public transportation . The Robie House  1909  , 5757 S. Woodlawn Ave. , is a masterpiece of the Prairie style . ART DECO : JAZZ-AGE AESTHETICS Chicago 's rapid growth in the 1920s and '30s created a need for new office buildings reflective of the jazz-age style . "  This is the era of steam ship travel across the Atlantic and some of the first airplanes and these wonderful , long , streamlined automobiles . And that same design sensibility was translated into architecture , " Neises said . The resulting buildings were smooth , with little applied ornamentation and an emphasis on unbroken vertical lines . Do n't miss : The Chicago Board of Trade Building  1930  , 141 W. Jackson Blvd. , designed by Holabird and Root , exemplifies art deco 's emphasis on verticality . LUDWIG MIES VAN DER ROHE  1886-1969  : EMERGING MODERNISM Mies van der Rohe 's innovation brought Chicago 's architecture to the world stage again in the 1940s with his glass and steel highrises . He designed some of the first modernist buildings in the city , embracing modern materials and technology . "  If you 're building a steel building , why would you disguise that as a stone building ? Celebrate the steel , celebrate modern technology , put materials together artistically in a modern way , " Neises said , explaining Mies van der Rohe 's style . Do n't miss : 860-880 Lake Shore Drive  1949-1951  . These glass and steel apartment towers are among the city 's most famous post-World War II buildings . CHICAGO MODERNISM : GROWING INFLUENCE Pioneered by Mies van der Rohe , modernism in Chicago was proliferated in the '50s and '60s by his students and followers . Modernist architects believed that the form , shape and volume of a building , rather than its ornamentation , should express its beauty . These ideas came to dominate commercial and institutional architecture for decades . "  It 's a very kind of ` thinky ' way of trying to design buildings , which is what 's a little bit off-putting for some people , " Neises said . But this is the reason he enjoys giving the foundation 's Modern Skyscrapers tour . "  I ca n't always get people to like this stuff , but I can get them to appreciate it . " Do n't miss : The Inland Steel Building  1956-57  , 30 W. Monroe St. Designed by Skidmore , Owings and Merrill  the same firm that designed the Sears Tower  , this dramatic skyscraper clad in stainless steel was the first skyscraper to be built in the Loop after the Great Depression . MILLENNIUM PARK : A NEW ERA Millennium Park , which opened several years late in 2004 , combines art , architecture , music and landscape design to great effect . At Michigan Avenue and Randolph Street , the park has quickly become one of the most popular tourist destinations in Chicago . Do n't miss : The Jay Pritzker Pavilion is an undulating outdoor concert venue designed by Frank Gehry . "  Cloud Gate , " British artist Anish Kapoor 's reflective elliptical sculpture , invites visitors to see themselves in its surfaces from every angle . Chicagoans affectionately refer to it as the "  Bean . "	The Chicago Architecture Foundation conducts more than 70 different tours Some of America 's most influential architects worked in the Windy City Chicago 's reputation for world-class architecture took root in the 1880s
Cairo  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of Egyptians , angered by their nation 's slow progress toward reforms , converged in Cairo 's iconic Tahrir Square on Friday to pressure the interim government to speed up the process . Protesters are determined not to leave until their demands are met , said Walid Rashid , one of the founding members of Egypt 's pro-reform April 6 youth movement . Their intentions to stay were reflected in the number of tents that popped up in the square , the center of the revolution that ousted President Hosni Mubarak from power February 11 . Five months after that historic event , Egyptians are disgruntled with the slow pace of change . Some protesters said they planned to remain in the square for 18 days , the length of the revolution . In recent days , anti-government demonstrations have raged , sometimes devolving into clashes . On July 2 , armed men attacked protesters at the square . A group called the January 25 Coalition has issued a range of demands , calling for the removal of Cairo 's head of security and an investigation into the violence at the rallies . The group , named for the day anti-government protests began this year , also called for the release of those detained after the demonstrations . The military-led government that took over when Mubarak resigned has been prosecuting several former officials accused of ordering security forces to fire on protesters . A police officer accused of killing 20 protesters during a January 28 demonstration has been sentenced to death . Mubarak is scheduled to face the Cairo Criminal Court on August 3 on charges of corruption and deaths of protesters , officials said . At least 25 former Egyptian government officials have been referred to the Cairo Criminal Court with charges related to the February 2 attack in Tahrir Square , known as the Battle of the Camel , said Adel Saeed , a spokesman for the general prosecutor 's office . They include former members of parliament , businessmen and members of the dissolved National Democratic Party . The suspects include Safwat El Sherif , the former head of the Shura Council , and Fathi Suror , the former speaker of the Egyptian parliament . Egypt 's military rulers have set parliamentary elections for September . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Some protesters plan an 18-day stay in Tahrir Square Many Egyptians have said reforms have not come fast enough Protests earlier this year forced President Hosni Mubarak to resign The military has taken over the government since Mubarak resigned
Financial Times  -- India 's weakening economy grew 6.1 per cent in the quarter to the end of December , the slowest in three years , deepening fears about the country 's growth prospects . A slowdown in manufacturing , mining and agriculture has accelerated the shift of Asia 's third-largest economy to lower growth after a failed push to hit double-digits . Rajiv Kumar , the director-general of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry , said that an official target of 6.9 per cent growth for the full year was out of reach and a bounce back next year unlikely . He warned that the strong performance of the services sector in the three months to December was unlikely to be sustained in the fourth quarter , January to March , and could be pulled back by poor performance of other sectors . "  It 's a sobering number , below consensus . The numbers are telling us that we will be lucky to get 6.9 per cent growth overall for this year , " Mr Kumar said . He said India was on course for 6.8 per cent growth in fiscal year 2013 . The government , by contrast , has predicted a bounce back to 8.5 per cent next year . Data released on Wednesday showed economic growth for the quarter to the end of December slowed to an annualised 6.1 per cent , weighed on by two years of progressive monetary tightening , a retreat of foreign capital and a weakening local currency . "  Policymakers are battling inflation , falling confidence , a stalled government and tepid global demand . They 'll be lucky to have growth hit 6.5 per cent in 2012 , " said Glenn Levine , senior economist at Moody 's Analytics . Sonal Varma , economist at banking group Nomura in Mumbai , said the slowdown in Asia 's third-largest economy was "  clearly evident " . "  What is surprising is the slowdown in investment and manufacturing is worse than during the 2008 global financial crisis . It 's the worst for these sectors for a decade . " Economists have taken heart from recent efforts by senior policymakers to energise the economy and make progress with economic reforms . They are now putting considerable store in a central bank monetary policy review meeting on March 15 and the national budget on the following day to take action to arrest the slide in growth . "  India needs concerted policy measures at all levels to support trends at 7 per cent -LSB- growth -RSB- , " said Rohini Malkani , economist at Citigroup in Mumbai . Samiran Chakraborty , economist at Standard Chartered Bank in Mumbai , said the Congress-led government had to take steps to revive domestic investment . "  Unless action happens from the government to stimulate growth the outlook looks quite ominous , " he said . Criticism has grown in past months about Mr Singh 's economic management . Many senior business figures blame the country 's political leadership for throwing away a golden opportunity to put India 's domestically-driven economy on better terms with neighbouring China and trading partners in the west . Top executives , like Sunil Bharti Mittal , the chairman of telecoms group Bharti Airtel , and Ratan Tata , chairman of the Tata Group , have appealed to feuding political leaders to revive a parliament now notorious for stalling legislative progress © The Financial Times Limited 2012	India 's weakening economy grew 6.1 per cent in the quarter to the end of December Slowest in three years , deepening fears about the country 's growth prospects
CNN  -- Remember the Celtic Tiger ? It was billed as a dream for Ireland ; emigration slowed as tech giants like Apple , Dell and Intel set up manufacturing plants on the outskirts of Dublin . They were attracted by a young , well-educated English-speaking island in the heart of the euro zone . Other foreign firms set up call centers and back office operations , attracted by a corporate tax rate at 10 %  now 12.5 %  . Dublin buzzed and property prices shot up . Banks were encouraged to loan money to the fast growing building sector and everyone was flipping houses as prices soared . Then it spread to the rest of the country as tax breaks led to housing estates being built in remote parts of the country , miles from services and jobs . These loans were then bundled up and used by the bankers and builders to invest in property overseas . Everyone seemed happy . We know what happened next . By November 2010 the government went cap-in-hand to Europe and the IMF for an 85 billion euro  $ 117 billion  bailout as the country took on all the debt of collapsing banks . With that came massive austerity ; about 20 % of the country 's GDP has painfully been cut -- through budget cuts such as social welfare reductions , pension freezes , tax rises . Three years on . Where is Ireland now ? The answer lies in Dublin . As the city led the bust , it 's clear that the capital is leading the recovery on the back of social media . And I am promised it 's different this time . Once empty buildings and warehouses in the Docklands are filling up with the next generation of young well-educated Irish graduates working at the next generation of American tech names -- Google , Facebook , Twitter , Trip Advisor , Ancestry . There are also Japanese , Chinese and German tech firms setting up here , attracted by the language skills they ca n't find at home . The cloud has come to Dublin and is enveloping the silicon docks . There certainly is an argument that some of these firms are attracted by more than a multilingual young employment pool . Even with a rock-bottom corporate tax rate , some of the firms use tax efficiencies to not even pay that on their European sales . But looking beyond that , having these firms growing in Dublin has led to a score of much smaller , indigenous start-ups riding on the back of the bigger boys who set the tone . And they can be right next store thanks to plenty of cheap office space -- space none could have affording five years ago . This simply did not happen when the likes of Dell was assembling PCs on the outskirts . Now , next to them are also the incubators , private equity firms , coffee shops and hip new hotels that all seem to be needed for this kind of area to thrive . So , where Greece and Spain have surely lost credibility in the eyes of the business community , Ireland has actually gained traction . It 's benefited so much from the changes , that Forbes Magazine just named Ireland as the best place in the world to do business -- a first for Ireland . It may not sound ideal for employees , but Forbes pointed out that real wages fell 17 % during the height of the crisis , and with unemployment near 13 % , there is a large pool of well-educated young people looking for work . Add to that the controversial 12.5 % corporate tax rate , and Forbes wrote "  Ireland still maintains an extremely pro-business environment . " What about the rest of the country ? The recovery is far from reaching everywhere . Emigration from villages has soared as many small firms , built on the back of construction , collapsed . Others that may have focused on exports-led industries that suffered when Europe and the USA went through the economic crisis . Social welfare payments have been slashed , and contributions to charities have been slashed too , seen as a "  perfect storm " for the poor as one charity told me . Of course the unemployment rate falls when people leave . Charities say the long-term unemployed are n't about to get these social media jobs , nor even the ancillary jobs in the bars and hotels . So , the government is using groups like "  Connect Ireland " to tempt more companies to the areas outside Dublin and Cork . But many mortgages are under water , house prices are only now beginning to go higher , and the government will continue to slash budgets in 2014 . Now it also has to attract investors to buy its bonds on the open market so the country can start to pay back that 85B euro loan . It has to achieve all this without a healthy bank sector and with unemployment still in double digits . Look around Dublin and you can see the change -- building cranes are popping up , shops and pubs are buzzing and traffic jams are back . It 's unlikely to spread to the rest of the country anytime soon , if ever , and it 's unlikely to ever be labeled the "  Celtic Tiger " again . Shall we call it the Celtic Cloud ?	In 2010 , Ireland asked for an 85B euro bailout as it took on collapsed banks ' debts Massive austerity followed , with approximately 20 % of the country 's GDP cut Three years on , Forbes has named Ireland the best country to do business in Jim Boulden says Dublin is leading its recovery on the back of social media
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- A much-anticipated meeting Tuesday between military officers of the U.S.-led U.N. Command and North Korea in the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea has been postponed , the command said . A new meeting time was not immediately proposed , the command said . They planned to discuss the March 26 sinking of a South Korean warship , the Cheonan . The U.N. officers were slated to be U.S. colonels , as the United States holds responsibility for U.N. security forces in Korea . North Korea had accepted a U.N. proposal for the meeting of colonel-level leaders to be a precursor to talks between generals on the contentious naval incident . The demilitarized zone was created as part of the armistice signed between North and South Korea in 1953 that halted the Korean War , but the war has never officially ended . The United Nations and North Korea began occasional meetings between generals -- "  General Officer Talks " -- at Panmunjom in 1998 to lessen tensions . There have been 16 such meetings to date , the last one in March 2009 , the United Nations said . On Friday , the United Nations formally condemned the sinking of the Cheonan but did not specifically name North Korea , which an international joint civilian-military investigation deemed culpable . Australia , Britain , the United States , Sweden and South Korea provided experts for the inquiry . "  The Security Council deplores the attack , " the 15-member council said Friday in what is known as a presidential statement . It urged that "  appropriate and peaceful measures be taken against those responsible for the incident aimed at the peaceful settlement of the issue . " It also called for full adherence to the 1953 Korean Armistice Agreement , which ended hostilities in the Korean War . Despite the absence of North Korea 's name in the condemnation , Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said the message to the communist nation is "  unmistakable . " "  This statement is notable and it is clear , " Rice said after its approval at a Friday session . "  It uses the term ` attack ' repeatedly , which you do n't have to be a scholar of the English language to understand is not a neutral term . " South Korea welcomed the statement . "  I think it 's crystal clear that -LSB- the -RSB- Security Council made it clear that North Korea -LSB- is -RSB- to be blamed and to be condemned , " said Park In-kook , South Korea 's ambassador to the United Nations . A presidential statement , unlike a Security Council resolution , is not legally binding , though it requires approval of the council 's five permanent members : China , Russia , France , the United Kingdom and United States . The Security Council expressed "  deep sympathy and condolences " for the deaths of 46 sailors aboard the Cheonan . The isolated North has maintained its innocence , rejecting the investigation findings outright , questioning the validity of the experts involved , asking to conduct its own inquiry and telling the Security Council that North Korea is the true victim of a conspiracy . A spokesman for the Foreign Ministry of North Korea , officially the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , called the presidential statement "  devoid of any proper judgment , " according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency on Friday . He added the case "  should have been settled between the North and the South without referring it to the U.N. . The DPRK remains unchanged in its stand to probe the truth about the case to the last . "	Officers were to discuss sinking of South Korean warship United Nations says meeting could be precursor to higher-level meetings North Korea maintains its innocence in the incident
CNN  -- When did conservatives become prisoners to idiotic vulgarity ? I ask that question as someone who self-defines as conservative and who is sick and tired of being embarrassed by Ted Nugent . Last month the aged rocker called President Barack Obama a "  subhuman mongrel " in an interview with Guns.com . That was bad enough , but what was just as shocking was the willingness of Texas GOP gubernatorial nominee Greg Abbott to keep him aboard his campaign . Rick Perry and Ted Cruz also failed to rule out appearing with him . Only Rand Paul took to Twitter to demand an apology , which Nugent eventually gave . He downgraded Obama to a "  liar , " which is , at least , a more colorblind insult . There is a view that Nugent simply "  speaks his mind , " and , yes , he has every constitutionally guaranteed right to do so . Maybe what he says appeals to some people , those for whom good manners are a bourgeois affectation and correct spelling the preserve of Harvard pointy-heads . Nugent insists comments not racist , promises to stop ` calling people names ' Either way , what is disturbing is that some serious Republican politicians think that he matters and are happy to count him among their endorsements -- as though selling records and getting angry make him a spokesman for the masses . Animal from the Muppets also speaks his mind , but we 've yet to see him headlining a rally for Chris Christie . This is n't what conservatism is supposed to be about . Conservatism is the rejection of ideology in favor of common sense and anger in favor of cool rationalism . Of course , there have always been intemperate voices on the American right -- from Joe McCarthy to the John Birch Society .  I 'm not including Southern Democratic racists such as George C. Wallace because their place on the political compass is impossible to plot .  But the American right has an intellectual tradition that has all been forgotten by the media in recent years . There were the Progressive Republicans  Irving Babbitt  , the anti-communists  Whittaker Chambers  , the libertarians  Ayn Rand , Milton Friedman  , the traditionalists  Russell Kirk  , the neo-conservatives  Leo Strauss  , and the sages of the National Review  James Burnham , L. Brent Bozell , Willmoore Kendall  -- the latter embodied by the urbane , cosmopolitan wit of William F. Buckley . Most of these groups quietly linger around today , largely ignored in the noisy mess of 21st-century politics but still patiently taught at some colleges and think tanks . In modern-day Washington , you 'll find all the Catholic Republican interns spending Sunday at St. Stephens on Pennsylvania Avenue and weekday nights at lectures by bishops on the nature of good and evil . Not at the assault weapon firing range . Sometime in the 1970s , the intellectual right made common cause with populism , and historians such as Rick Perlstein tell us that this is when they surrendered their brains to cultural conservatism . But Ronald Reagan was neither inarticulate nor rude . He was happy , sunny , funny , and his speeches so dense with philosophy and history that they make Obama sound like a high school student . Crucially , he had a faith in the intelligence of the average American , which meant he did n't resort to meanness or bad syntax to win their vote . Reagan would never call an opponent "  subhuman . " So how do we explain the rudeness of contemporary politics ? Nugent 's followers might insist that his language reflects the desperate seriousness of his cause , that any conversation about fundamental issues such as guns or Obamacare is bound to cause a loss of temper . But in the 1960s the Republicans were debating urban riots , sex , drugs and Vietnam -- and yet the GOP sold itself as a party that could resolve these challenges with calm sensibleness . Nixon ran as an antidote to the chaos caused by the left , offering order over anarchy . What has changed is that back then conservative politicians had faith in themselves and their own philosophy , that it would win out because it was right and middle-class Americans could see that . Today 's breed are all too often chasing a "  base " that , they imagine , includes yahoos , survivalists and people who think the world is both flat and about to come to an end . This pursuit of the base ends with basically intelligent men deferring to those who are rightly socially unacceptable . Cue John McCain in 2008 being told by supporters that Obama is an Arab , or Mitt Romney nearly paralyzed with socially awkwardness as he courted the Joe Six-Packs in 2012 . And it ends in politicians failing to call Nugent out for being a Neanderthal . As the midterms approach , conservative presidential aspirants face this challenge : Can they elevate rather than reduce the political debate ? Rand Paul has made a good start , and it 's probably because he is driven by philosophy and all the self-assurance that brings . For the rest , I 'd like to see them defy a few stereotypes . Rather than being photographed shooting bears or doing pushups with Chuck Norris , let journalists catch them reading a book . Russell Kirk is a good place to start . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley : Conservatives mostly let Ted Nugent 's outrageous remarks slide It 's shocking they seem afraid to dissociate themselves from Nugent , he says He asks : What happened to the intellectual tradition of conservatism ? Stanley : The pursuit of the party base leads to a surrender of rationality
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson told his tour director days before he died he was hearing God 's voice , a producer testified Wednesday . "  God keeps talking to me , "  Jackson said . Those words spoken to Kenny Ortega and Jackson 's frail appearance were so disturbing that it caused Ortega and associate producer Alif Sankey to burst into tears at a rehearsal , Sankey said Wednesday in a wrongful death lawsuit filed by Jackson 's mother and three children . Jackson , who was being fitted for his costumes , appeared "  extremely thin " and "  was not speaking normally " at the June 19 , 2009 , rehearsal , Sankey told jurors in a trial to determine if concert promoter AEG Live should be held liable in the pop icon 's death . Jurors saw a photo of Jackson at the costume fitting that showed an obviously thin and gaunt man . Sankey testified that she and Ortega cried together after Jackson left . On her way home , Sankey stopped her car to call Ortega "  because I had a very strong feeling that Michael was dying . " "  I was screaming into the phone at that point , " Sankey testified . "  I said he needs to be put in the hospital now . " Autopsy reveals Jackson 's secrets Sankey became emotional as she testified about the call . "  I kept saying that ` Michael is dying , he 's dying , he 's leaving us , he needs to be put in a hospital , ' " Sankey said . " ` Please do something . Please , please . ' I kept saying that . I asked him why no one had seen what I had seen . He said he did n't know . " Ortega sent a series of e-mails early the next morning that resulted in a meeting at Jackson 's house between Jackson , Dr. Conrad Murray , AEG Live President Randy Phillips and Ortega . An e-mail from Phillips after that meeting said he had confidence in Murray , "  who I am gaining immense respect for as I get to deal with him more . " Jackson defender files sex abuse claim "  This doctor is extremely successful  we check everyone out  and does not need this gig , so he  is  totally unbiased and ethical , " Phillips ' e-mail said . The lawsuit contends that Phillips and AEG never checked Murray out . Otherwise , they would have known he was deeply in debt and vulnerable to breaking the rules in treating Jackson to keep his job , it argues . Jackson lawyers contend that AEG Live is liable for Jackson 's death because the company negligently hired , retained or supervised Murray -- who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . Jackson 's last rehearsal was at the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles on June 24 , 2009 . Security camera video shown to the jury Wednesday showed him walking with a blanket wrapped around him as he passed Sankey . "  He did n't look good , " she testified . "  I asked him if he was cold , and he said ` Yes . ' " Jackson sang two songs that last night on stage : "  Thriller " and "  Earth Song , " she said . "  He did it , " Sankey said . "  He went through it . He was n't in full performance mode . " Sankey said she was standing next to Ortega at a rehearsal the next afternoon when Randy Phillips called to tell him Jackson was dead . "  Kenny collapsed in our arms , " she said . The lawsuit contends that AEG Live executives missed a series of red flags warning them that Jackson 's life was at risk because of Murray , who was giving him nightly infusions of the surgical anesthetic propofol to treat his insomnia . The coroner ruled Jackson had died from an overdose of propofol in combination with several sedatives on June 25 , 2009 . Murray told investigators he used the drugs to help Jackson sleep so he could be rested for rehearsals . AEG lawyers argue Jackson , not their company , chose and supervised Murray , and that their executives had no way of knowing what the doctor was doing to Jackson in the privacy of his bedroom . Michael 's creativity In contrast to six days of testimony mostly about Jackson 's death , jurors did hear about the pop icon 's creativity during Sankey 's testimony "  Michael 's imagination was endless , " Sankey said . "  He would visualize it , and it happened . It was amazing . " Katherine Jackson dabbed tears from her eyes as her son 's "  Smooth Criminal " video was played in court . Sankey first met Michael Jackson when she was a dancer in the 1987 video production . "  We got to see Michael 's imagination come to life , " Sankey said . "  That was my first time as a dancer , as an artist , that I was completely inspired by his craft and inspired by his attention to every detail . He was so detailed and he never missed a thing . " Working with Jackson was "  magical , " she said . "  I dream still to this day that I will be able to create on that level of magic that Michael created , " Sankey said . "  It was like living a dream of working with an artist like that , and I will treasure it and have it in my memory forever . " Sankey 's work as an associate producer and dancer for Jackson 's "  This Is It " tour put her on the witness list in this trial . "  He shared with me that he was excited to do the show , " she said . "  He was excited to show his kids , finally to show them who he was , what he was all about ; he was very excited about that . " Jurors heard about Jackson 's relationship with his three children and their love of their father . Sankey described how they would come with their father to the set each day in early June when he was filming video elements for the show . "  Paris had a purse , and inside her purse , she had all this candy in her purse she did n't want her daddy to know about , " Sankey said . "  She had these little pictures of her father in her purse that were in frames . She had , like , a lot of them . Her purse was full of candy and pictures of her daddy . " "  They loved their daddy , " she said . The "  This Is It " concert would have been "  a pretty big show , " Sankey told jurors . "  It was going to be huge and it was going to be innovative , different , " she testified . "  From working with Michael in my past , I knew it had to be something that no one 's ever seen . It all had to be new and pioneering . " The next witness when court resumes Thursday morning will be Michael Jackson 's longtime hair and make up artist , Karen Faye . She was quoted in interviews after Jackson 's death saying that the pop star was in ill health weeks before he died . Spectators in the small Los Angeles courtroom Wednesday morning included Judge Lance Ito , famous for presiding over the O.J. Simpson murder trial in 1995 . Ito was there to watch his friend , Judge Yvette Palazuelos , preside over this trial and then go to lunch with her .	Producer testifies she begged AEG Live to put Jackson in a hospital "  I kept saying that ` Michael is dying , ' " producer testifies Show director Kenny Ortega "  collapsed in our arms , " when told Jackson died "  Michael 's imagination was endless , " dancer testifies
Washington  CNN  -- Federal aviation officials are telling airline and airport executives that they are working to minimize any disruption from imminent government budget cuts to passenger airline service , but warn the mandatory belt-tightening will impact air traffic overall . At a meeting in Washington on Tuesday , the Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  said it would give priority to 77 "  core " facilities -- large airports and their related air traffic control centers , which it did not identify . But the agency would reduce staffing system wide and would likely close 238 control towers at less busy airports . Those towers handle 5.8 percent of all commercial air traffic , the FAA said . Opinion : Cuts too deep ? No , not deep enough "  It was clear at the meeting that the brunt of the cuts were at the cost of general aviation  private and business aircraft  , and the agency even recognized that , " said Melissa Rudinger of the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association , a group representing private pilots in Washington . The Transportation Department faces about $ 1 billion in budget cuts through the end of the fiscal year unless Congress acts by Friday to avert them . The cuts are part of a political impasse affecting spending across the government . Much of the agency 's austerity will hit the FAA , which employs about 15,000 controllers and oversees traffic at more than 400 airports used by commercial airlines , business jets and private pilots . Large airports will also be impacted . All FAA employees have been told they may be furloughed at least one day every two weeks , inevitably meaning that aviation facilities will have fewer controllers . While the cuts would inevitably reduce the number of operations -- take-offs and landings -- the FAA said it would maintain the highest level of safety . The impact would be greatest at the nation 's small - and mid-sized airfields , the FAA acknowledged . The 238 control towers facing possible closure met a criteria established by the FAA : They have fewer than 150,000 operations a year and fewer than 10,000 commercial airline operations . Opinion : Cuts will turn off voters GOP is courting Of those towers , 189 are "  contact towers , " operated under FAA supervision by independent contractors . The remaining 49 are staffed by FAA controllers . FAA officials said it would consider removing a tower on a case-by-case basis if advocates could justify a change . But any towers spared from closure would have to be off-set by cuts elsewhere , they said . Most of the changes would occur at the start of April , and would ratchet up over a period of months . The first furloughs would begin April 8 , according to a meeting participant . If a tower is closed , operations at those airports would continue . But controller operations would be shifted to other facilities , or to the pilots themselves , who would radio their intentions to take off , land , and maneuver on the ground . Ground operations could present the biggest danger to pilots , since it would remove from service controllers who are trained to look for conflicting movements on the runways and taxiways . Critics say the FAA failed to consider important factors when compiling its list of towers , including whether the towers were also used for military operations and for search and rescue missions . FAA officials also said Tuesday it would suspend development of its NextGen navigation system so it could reassign employees to control towers . And it would suspend its redesign of airspace -- an ongoing program to make the area around airports more efficient . The FAA also said budget cuts would force it to cut back on maintenance and repairs at "  non-core " facilities . Only power , voice and navigational systems would be fixed at those facilities , the FAA told the industry executives . Rudinger said while the FAA disclosed a few new details about its plans to deal with forced spending cuts -- known in Washington as sequestration -- it was "  certainly not as much detail as we were looking for going into the meeting . " Participants in the meeting questioned whether the FAA is making the smartest cuts . " Clearly they have to make the cuts , " Rudinger said . "  What 's unclear is how they came up with them . There has n't been any transparency in the process . " More spin than solutions as spending cuts near	The Federal Aviation Administration met with airline and airport executives FAA oversees the nation 's air traffic system for airlines and private flights Plans include closing some control towers in less busy areas FAA employees have been told they may be furloughed as part of cuts
CNN  -- What if , instead of climbing Mount Sinai to receive the Ten Commandments from God , Moses had turned to the Israelites and asked : Hey , what do you guys think we should do ? Considering the Hebrews ' bad behavior in the Bible , what with the coveting of neighbors ' wives and murdering their own brothers , that might have been a disastrous idea . But in our own more enlightened age , we 're perfectly capable of crowdsourcing our own commandments -- or , at least , that 's what a new project would have us believe . Lex Bayer , an executive at AirBnB , and John Figdor , a humanist chaplain at Stanford University , delivered their own 10 "  non-commandments " in a book they co-wrote : "  Atheist Heart , Humanist Mind . " Bayer said the book forced him to clarify and articulate his own beliefs , and he thought others could benefit from doing the same . "  A lot of atheists ' books are about whether to believe in God or not , " he said . "  We wanted to consider : OK , so you do n't believe in God , what 's next ? And that 's actually a much harder question . " Enter the "  10 ` Non-Commandments ' Contest , " in which atheists were asked to offer modern alternatives to the famous Decalogue . And , to sweeten the pot , the contest offered $ 10,000 in moolah to the winning would-be Moses .  If it helped boost atheists ' public image and drum up publicity for his book , all the better , Bayer said . The contest drew more than 2,800 submissions from 18 countries and 27 U.S. states , according to Bayer and Figdor . The proposed "  non-commandments " ranged from the quizzical  "  Do n't follow your nature "  to the quixotic  "  Thriving in space is the ultimate goal "  . A team of 13 judges selected 10 of the more sober and serious submissions , and announced the winners Friday . There 's nary a "  thou shalt " among them -- nothing specifically about murder , stealing or adultery , although there is a version of the Golden Rule , which presumably would cover those crimes . If they lack faith in the divine , the atheist "  non-commandments " display a robust faith in humankind , as if Silicon Valley had replaced Sinai . Bayer said humans are hardwired for compassion , and the scientific method and wisdom of crowds -- or the tribes that gather online each day -- will weed out bad ideas . In other words , this is an open-ended , and hopefully progressive , process , he said . So , will the 10 ideas form a new moral foundation for atheists or build a Tower of Babel ? Take a look and see what you think . Here are the "  Ten Non-Commandments " chosen as the winners : 1 . Be open-minded and be willing to alter your beliefs with new evidence . 2 . Strive to understand what is most likely to be true , not to believe what you wish to be true . 3 . The scientific method is the most reliable way of understanding the natural world . 4 . Every person has the right to control of their body . 5 . God is not necessary to be a good person or to live a full and meaningful life . 6 . Be mindful of the consequences of all your actions and recognize that you must take responsibility for them . 7 . Treat others as you would want them to treat you , and can reasonably expect them to want to be treated . Think about their perspective . 8 . We have the responsibility to consider others , including future generations . 9 . There is no one right way to live . 10 . Leave the world a better place than you found it .	A contest crowdsources 10 "  non-commandments " for atheists $ 10,000 is awarded for the 10 winners "  Commandments " show abundant faith in humankind , if not God
CNN  -- Seven-times Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong brought a Scottish town center to a standstill on Tuesday when hundreds of people joined him for a group bike ride . Lance Armstrong 's appearance in Paisley , Scotland , saw around 200 people joining him on a bike ride . The seven-times Tour de France winner used social networking site Twitter to invite fans to take part in the event in Paisley , Scotland and -- as a result -- around 200 people gathered in the town 's High Street . Fans took photographs and asked for autographs from the American and the watching crowd applauded and cheered as the group set off on their ride . Asked whether he was surprised to see so many people turn out , Armstrong told reporters before climbing on to his bike : "  Yes . It 's a chance to meet lots of people . We made up our mind to come and see a show two nights ago and I said hey let 's have a bike ride , " he added . Watch the chaos as Armstrong starts to ride " Asked whether he knew much about cycling around Paisley , he smiled and said : "  I know nothing about it . " In the Twitter messages before the gathering , Armstrong wrote : "  Hey Glasgow , Scotland !! I 'm coming your way . Who wants to go for a bike ride with me ?? " Followed by : "  Hey Glasgow -- ride is at 12 noon . Stay tuned and yes , I have my rain coat ! " iReport : Did you see Lance ? Send pics , video Cyclists and fans started to gather before 11am ahead of Armstrong 's arrival at around 12.20 pm . After the group cycle , Armstrong told fans through Twitter : "  Thanks to everyone who turned up to ride in Paisley ! I figured we 'd have a nice ride for a dozen or so . But 100 's came . Haha ! Awesome ! "	Lance Armstrong brought a Scottish town center to a standstill on Tuesday The American announced on Twitter that he wanted people to join him on ride A group of 200 people gathered in Paisley High Street to ride with Armstrong
London  CNN  -- In the 23 years since he tried to break up a robbery in central London , Ian Semmons has n't spent a day without severe pain . The fight left Semmons with multiple fractures , including a broken back and two shattered ankles . He had a head injury so severe , doctors put him in a coma and kept him there for a month to control the swelling in his brain . "  I spent nine months in hospital and then 12 months in a rehabilitation center , where I was basically rebuilt , " Semmons says . "  But nothing was done to treat my pain . " His regular doctor , a general practitioner with Britain 's National Health Service , offered little for the pain despite his complaints . At the time , patients in Britain 's government-run system such as Semmons were n't able to switch to another doctor . Unlike patients now , he was stuck . Three years went by . Then Semmons moved a few miles away -- as it turned out , far enough for him to be assigned to a different doctor . During their first meeting , Semmons ' new physician asked if he had been to a pain clinic for treatment . "  I said ` What 's that ? ' " Semmons recalls . "  When he explained to me what it was , and said he was going to send me in to it , I discovered that it was in the very hospital where I had been treated . I had no idea it even existed . " Semmons ' experience highlights a reluctance of many UK doctors to treat pain aggressively , including a reluctance to prescribe painkillers , especially opiates -- the rampant use of which in the United States is widely described as an epidemic . Prescription drug deaths : Two stories Overdoses from prescription painkillers , usually involving alcohol , recently overtook car crashes as the No. 1 cause of accidental death in the United States . Despite making up less than 5 % of the world 's population , U.S. patients consume about 80 % of all prescription pain medication . That 's enough each year to give every man , woman and child a dose every four hours for three weeks straight . It 's true that wealthier countries tend to use more pharmaceuticals overall . Despite a similar standard of living , on a per-person basis , patients in the UK receive less than half the pain medication as their U.S. counterparts , according to the Drug Control and Access to Medicines Consortium , a UK academic research group that studies issues related to medicine and drugs . And while the approach may anger patients like Semmons , British physicians say it 's helped their country avoid the wave of misuse and overdoses that plagues the United States . The National Health Service runs roughly 300 pain clinics , and official guidelines from the British Pain Society , a group of professionals , state , "  In most situations , for most patients and most pains , opioids should not be considered as first-choice treatment . " Other treatments , including physiotherapy , acupuncture and massage are widely used . While U.S. doctors are also supposed to consider alternatives to medication , many are swayed by insistent patients , says Dr. Anthony Ordman , who runs the long-term pain clinic at London 's Royal Free Hospital that he founded in 1997 . By contrast , Ordman says , "  The physician  in the UK  has a salary ... that takes away certain influences that the patient may have on the physician 's thinking . I do n't necessarily have to be liked by my patients . " Ordman says the decision on whether to prescribe an opioid is complex , and only made after at least one long interview with the patient . "  I tell  patients  , ` You must please stick to the dose I prescribed for you and you must not escalate it without medical permission . You must keep the medication locked up and safe . You must please not lose your prescriptions , because I 'm not going to replace them , ' " Ordman says . "  You begin to see we 're almost building up a contract between physician and patient . " But the process takes time . Patients need to be referred to pain clinics by their primary doctor . On average , it takes 18 weeks for a patient to be referred to Ordman 's clinic , although he says in extreme cases he can sometimes find time to see a patient as soon as the next day . According to Semmons , many patients do n't even know that they can ask for a referral . "  There is a general lack of awareness of what there is out there to help  people  with their chronic pain . People do n't know the right questions to ask . " After finally getting his pain under control , in part with the use of painkillers , Semmons founded the advocacy group Action on Pain to try and help other patients . "  What we tend to find is a lot of frustration , " he says . Some people say their doctors think they 're faking simply to receive powerful drugs . Others may feel intimidated . "  There 's the fear that if  people  go public with a criticism ,  the doctors  will give you a tough time , " Semmons says . Gupta : Let 's end the prescription drug death epidemic Just as powerful opioids are tightly restricted in the United Kingdom , so are painkillers to which most Americans do n't give a second thought . While you can walk into virtually any U.S. drugstore and pick up a bottle of ibuprofen or acetaminophen with 400 or 500 tablets , the largest size on UK shelves contains just 16 pills . If you consult a pharmacist and he or she approves , you can purchase 32 pills . "  We have to protect the patient , " says Howard Silver , a pharmacist at Gateway Chemist in London , who notes that even a moderate overdose of Tylenol can cause liver damage and even death . Shown a typical 400-count bottle of acetaminophen from a U.S. drugstore , Silver shook his head with dismay . "  I 'm astonished , " he says . "  That 's a bottle of death . " While that may sound alarmist , 12 million Americans in 2010 reported using opioid painkillers they might not need , or using them without a prescription . For all that , the stark differences between the two countries may be starting to blur . In some areas of the United States , doctors are shifting to a stricter approach . Last month , New York City announced that patients at public hospitals would no longer be able to receive more than a three-day supply of medicines such as Vicodin and Percocet . Lost or stolen prescriptions will not be refilled . Another example is Washington state , where an educational course for anyone who prescribes opioids is required by law , and a so-called "  pain contract " to accompany any prescription . Meanwhile , the number of painkillers prescribed in the UK is on the rise . One factor may be recent changes to the National Health Service allowing people more flexibility in choosing a doctor . Semmons still walks with two crutches . Like the weather , his pain is always there , even as it changes from day to day . "  It 's a constant nagging pain and then it alternates up to a really sharp , needly pain , a stabbing pain , " the 63-year-old says . On good days , he can stand to be philosophical . "  I 'm in pain every day . It 's just a part of life . " CNN 's Stephanie Smith contributed to this report .	Britain 's Ian Semmons dealt with pain for years and did n't know options were available UK doctors are reluctant to prescribe painkillers , especially opiates Even drugs sold over the counter are restricted in pharmacies there But the differences between the United States and UK may be blurring
CNN  -- Kei Nishikori chose a timely moment to secure his first win over Andy Murray and leave the home hope facing an early exit from the ATP World Tour Finals in London . A run of 20 wins in his last 23 matches had raised hopes that Murray could challenge for the title at the end of season finale , but Japan 's Nishikori has left that in severe doubt after a 6-4 6-4 victory in Group B play Sunday . Nishikori is the first Asian player to make the prestigious eight-strong tournament and could not have hoped for a better start with his first victory in four attempts against the fifth seed . Murray must now hope to beat world number two Roger Federer and Canada 's Milos Raonic in his final two group matches to progress to the knockout stage in London as he admitted . "  It 's harder to qualify when you lose your first match . That 's pretty obvious , " Murray said . "  I need to win my next two matches more than likely , and win them well if I want to go through . "  That 's going to be tricky because Milos  Raonic  played fantastic last week in Paris , and Roger always plays well at this event . " The enormity of his task was underlined later Sunday as Federer swept aside Raonic to begin is quest for a seventh title at the end of season showpiece . Federer swept through the first set 6-1 , but was at least taken to a tiebreak in the second set by his outclassed opponent . That proved a mere formality as the second seed took it without dropping a point to wrap up victory in just under an hour and a half . Nishikori , beaten by Marin Cilic in the U.S. Open final , overcame early nerves at the 02 Arena as he fell an early break behind to Murray . He broke back in the sixth game and made further inroads on a shaky Murray service to take the opener . Fourth seed Nishikori pulled 4-1 ahead in the second set before Murray showed his fighting spirit by breaking back to level at 4-4 . The comeback proved short lived as Nishikori held his service and then broke Murray to 30 to wrap up victory in one hour 36 minutes . "  Maybe in the beginning I was a little bit tight , but I started feeling better and the second set was almost perfect , " Nishikori said . "  I knew I had to be more aggressive than usual and that 's how I won . It 's my goal to go to the semifinal and final . " Group A , featuring world number one Novak Djokovic gets underway Monday with the Serb playing Cilic and Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka facing Tomas Berdych . In other tennis action Sunday , Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova sealed a third Fed Cup win in four years for the Czech Republic by clinching victory over Germany in Prague . Kvitova beat Angelique Kerber in a three-set marathon 7-6  7/5  4-6 6-4 in a shade under three hours to give the Czechs an unbeatable 3-0 lead . World number four Kvitova and Lucie Safarova had set the scene Saturday with singles wins over Andrea Petkovic and Kerber respectively . Germany 's Julia Goerges and Sabine Lisicki beat Czech pair of Andrea Hlavackova and Lucie Hradecka 6-4 6-3 in the "  dead " doubles rubber to leave the final score at 3-1 in the home side 's favor .	Kei Nishikori beats home hope Andy Murray in ATP World Tour Finals Nishikori first Asian player to make eight-man event Roger Federer beats Milos Raonic in evening session Czech Republic wins third Fed Cup title in four years
CNN  -- Ten climbers have died on two mountains in northern Japan , police said Friday . Hokkaido 's mountains and scenery are a big drawcard for climbers and tourists . Eight of the climbers who died on Mount Tomuraushi were in a group organized by a tourist company , according to Yuji Kikuchi , a spokesman for Hokkaido police . A ninth man was climbing alone . One more climber died on Mount Biei , Kikuchi said . Another 10 people survived on both mountains in Hokkaido , according to Kikuchi . Except for a 32-year-old survivor , all the climbers were in their late 60s , the spokesman said . The cause of their deaths was not available . The area has experienced heavy rain and gusty winds in the past two weeks due to a persistent area of low pressure , CNN 's meteorologist Jennifer Delgado said . The storm system has also brought flooding to North and South Korea , she added . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Elizabeth Yuan contributed to this report .	10 climbers have died on two mountains in northern Japan , police said Friday Eight climbers who died on Mount Tomuraushi were in tourist group Except for a 32-year-old survivor , all the climbers were in their late 60s
CNN  -- Monday is tax day , and in case you 're wondering where your money went last year , President Barack Obama is eager to let you know . He 's giving you a detailed receipt . For the third year , taxpayers can visit the White House website for the nitty-gritty on how the government spends tax dollars from American households . To see your 2012 contributions to the nation 's military , Social Security , health care , community development , agriculture and NASA , among others , visit the site for the year 's "  taxpayer receipt . " "  You deserve to know how your tax dollars are being spent , " White House spokeswoman Colleen Curtis said in a statement . Any politics involved ? The annual public disclosure comes amid a tussle among the president , Democratic legislators and their Republican counterparts over 2014 budget proposals . Legislators from both parties have slammed each other 's proposals , as well as that of the president . In his budget , Obama has taken the red pen to social spending items dear to liberal Democrats in his own base and handed bigger tax invoices to the wealthy and corporations , something Republicans have resisted . His proposed reductions on Social Security and Medicare spending have caused consternation among some of Obama 's supporters , who argue it will leave vulnerable Americans without enough support . Meanwhile , Republicans have also protested the proposed revenue increases and the fact the budget does n't balance . The $ 3.8 trillion proposal aims to cut deficits by $ 1.8 trillion over the next decade . What do we pay the most for ? Spending on the military and health care programs take up the bulk of federal income tax revenues , according to the White House . A married couple with one child making $ 50,000 a year -- roughly the median household income in America , according to the U.S. Census Bureau -- paid an average of $ 995 in federal income taxes in 2012 , just 1.99 % . This does not include Social Security and Medicare taxes . Nearly a quarter of income taxes , $ 245.17 , went to a category labeled "  National Defense . " A slightly smaller sum , $ 223.38 , or 22.45 % , was spent on "  health care . " Ongoing military operations , such as the U.S. presence in Afghanistan , swallow the largest sum of defense spending , laying claim to more than 10 % of taxpayer dollars , the White House said . Medicare and Medicaid , programs for the country 's seniors and poor respectively , take up nearly all of the "  heath care " spending category in the income tax breakdown . This does not include the separate Medicare Tax of $ 725 , or 1.45 % , levied on the family used as an example . But there is other combined military and social spending included in other parts of taxpayer receipt , such as an entry for "  Veterans Benefits " and a separate one for military retirement and disability . The federal government spends comparatively little on education and the promotion of science and technology . Together , they all receive less than 5 % of expenditures . This includes NASA 's budget . A major exception is the development and construction of weapons technology , which weighs in at 7.62 % of total federal expenditures . The biggest tax by far is the workers ' contributions to Social Security , which weigh in at $ 2,100 for a family of three earning a median income of $ 50,000 per year . That 's 4.2 % of the family 's gross income and is more than its federal income and Medicare taxes taken together . How big are taxes and deficits ? Over the past 40 years , the federal budget deficit has amounted to 3.1 % of gross domestic product per year , according to the Congressional Budget Office . That was well under the rate of inflation as measured by the labor department 's consumer price index for half of those years . At 3.3 % , deficits are predicted to be slightly higher over the next 10 years , as rising health care and retirement costs notch up federal spending , the budget office said . Budget deficits in the U.S. and much of the West surged with the onset of the world economic crisis in 2008 , but began dropping in 2012 , according to the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development . U.S. tax revenues -- including Social Security and Medicare -- have amounted to 18 % of GDP over the past 40 years and are expected to rise slightly to 19 % of annual GDP for the next 10 years , the budget office said . The rate of U.S. income taxes as a percentage of GDP is lower compared to most developed nations , according to the World Bank .	"  You deserve to know how your tax dollars are being spent , " White House says Military and health care spending take up the bulk of federal income tax revenues Military operations such as the U.S. presence in Afghanistan the largest sum of defense spending
CNN  -- Exploring Kenya 's Masai Mara can satisfy that quest for a once-in-a-lifetime adventure within all of us , catering to our childhood dreams of seeing African wildlife up close and experiencing the magic of an unknown culture . "  If you are an adventurer at heart , love good food , want to experience a culture that will change your life , and love animals , you must visit the Masai Mara , " iReporter Neal Piper said . Kenya 's most famous national park is rich with safari opportunities and provides a genuine , escapist vacation filled with breathtaking views and unique experiences . But visiting the Masai Mara is an intense adventure , one that requires extensive planning . Tourists should coordinate with a reliable safari company and pack accordingly . Safari experts share their tips "  This is not a spur-of-the-moment , ` let 's go over and rent a car ' trip , " iReporter Linda Lowenthal said . "  There are a lot of security and health concerns , and careful advance planning is critical , especially for first-timers . " The planning is well worth the memorable time you 're sure to have in Kenya . "  It 's been one of the only trips where work and home life have completely been absent from my mind , " Brandon Harris said . What to bring Traveling to an entirely foreign destination like Masai Mara requires a different kind of packing . Because you never know where a day on the savannah will take you , bring snack bars , bottled water , hand sanitizer and safari-appropriate clothing . To preserve your memories of all the African wildlife , do n't forget to bring a camera , either . "  Have a good camera with lots of memory so that you can take as many pictures as possible , " iReporter Kevin Jackson said . "  The one thing people kept asking me was to take pictures for them because they ran out of room on their camera . " Also , it 's a good idea to have cash handy . Venturing into the wild means giving up on the luxury of using a credit card . "  The park fees must be paid in cash and the fee is per person , per day , " iReporter Brandon Harris said . "  Four our group this ran upwards of $ 700 USD . " iReporter Jessica Lacher also recommends expecting a rough ride into Masai Mara because the roads are probably not what you 're used to . Eatocracy : In Masai Mara , do n't be afraid to try the intestines How to explore The sheer , vast expanse of what the Masai Mara has to offer is impossible to see in one day , or even repeated safaris across the landscape . Plan to spend some time exploring your different options . iReporter Gary Fricke decided to take his chances in a hot air balloon . "  This proved to be a great way to view wildlife in areas that could not be driven by autos . The balloon rides leave at dawn and are well worth the early wake-up . Most provide a champagne breakfast when you land . Wildlife viewing is what the Masai Mara is all about ! " Odds are , you 'll want to see Masai Mara from the ground as well to get up close with Africa 's intriguing wildlife . Go for a full-day drive complete with a picnic lunch . "  It is best to have one 's trip organized by a certified safari operator because they already know which are the best places to stay given one 's budget , " iReporter Marlene Francia said . "  The safari drivers are also in constant contact with the other drivers once already inside the Mara and often , drivers stop mid-road to ask each other where the latest animal sightings are . " To maximize your sightings , plan your trip based around the migration patterns of the animals . Between June and September is optimal . Wildebeest migrate from Tanzania to the Masai Mara from July to September . iReporter Louisa Wong recommends going in July to see the wildebeest to avoid crowds of other tourists . Where to stay To get the most out of your experience in the Masai Mara , staying in the park is a favorite option for many first-timers and repeat visitors alike . The Mara Sopa and Serena lodges are reasonably priced and located directly in the park , iReporter Soumava Bandyopadhyay said . But do n't be surprised by power outages and a lack of electricity and water at times . It 's worth hearing the sounds of wildlife right outside your room , adding to the sense of adventure the Masai Mara provides . iReporter Marlene Francia stayed in the Siana Springs Tented Camp , which combines genuine tents with a bit of luxury . "  Each ` luxury ' tent is in its own spacious quiet plot with private views , complete with two large beds , sitting area , dressing room , toilet and hot bush shower stalls . Guests are provided with romantic candles to use after the generators are shut off , hot water bottles for extra comfort to ward off the evening chill . " There are also eco-friendly camps for those wanting a genuine experience . iReporter Louisa Wong stayed with her family at the Porini Safari Camps , which are run by the local Masai tribe . Getting local "  The only tip I really have is be kind to the Masai ... and they will give you an experience of a lifetime , " iReporter Jodi Lupien said . Visitors often go to see the wildlife , but forget about the rich culture that flourishes in the Masai Mara . Meeting and socializing with locals is the best way to immerse yourself in the culture . "  Keep an open mind , prepare to have fun , be respectful of the people and the wildlife and enjoy what this wonderful country has to offer , " Francia said . "  East Africa is one of the last places on earth where animals in huge numbers make their annual migration from the Serengeti to the Mara and back and of course , the Masai people , who live in the Mara . "	Kenya 's most famous national park , the Masai Mara , is rich with safari opportunities View the park from a hot air balloon or take a day-trek through the park Soak up the culture by getting to know the local Masai tribes
CNN  -- NBA Hall of Famer Dennis Rodman plans to return to North Korea in August , CNN affiliate KXJB reported Monday . Rodman , who recently visited the communist nation , said he plans to vacation with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . "  I do n't condone what he does , but he 's my friend , " Rodman told KXJB while in Fargo , North Dakota , for a promotional appearance . Rodman , who was giddy throughout the interview , insisted the North Korean leader does n't want war . Opinion : Do n't be fooled by Dennis Rodman 's trip to North Korea A spokesman for Rodman said Kim extended the offer during Rodman 's visit a few weeks ago . Rodman and Kim sat next to each other February 28 , watching an unusual basketball exhibition in Pyongyang , North Korea . The visit came at a time of heightened tension between the United States and North Korea , a result of Pyongyang 's pursuit of a nuclear program . Rodman and Kim : Friends for life ? Kim has made it clear that his country 's nuclear test in February signals a new phase of confrontation with the United States , which Pyongyang has described as "  the sworn enemy of the Korean people . " On Monday , the North Korean military scrapped the Korean War armistice agreement , according to Rodong Sinmun , the official newspaper of North Korea 's ruling Workers ' Party . Pyongyang scraps armistice amid heightened saber rattling Kim is known to be a big basketball fan and one of his favorite players was Chicago Bulls legend , and Rodman teammate , Michael Jordan . Rodman , 51 , was one of the greatest rebounders in NBA history , ranking 11th all-time in average rebounds per game . The defensive star helped the Detroit Pistons and Bulls win five NBA championships . The flamboyant Rodman frequently dyed his hair  sometimes many colors  , sported multiple tattoos and facial piercings . One of his autobiographies is "  I Should Be Dead By Now . " 5 ways North Korea keeps getting stranger	NEW : Spokesman says Rodman was invited to return during his February trip Rodman was known for rebounding and colorful hairstyles He visited North Korea in February , made friends with Kim Jong Un He says the supreme leader does n't want to go to war
CNN  -- A Missouri man was sentenced on Wednesday to 20 years in federal prison for his role in the years-long sexual torture of a "  mentally deficient " young woman that included electrical shock and mutilation , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Western District of Missouri told CNN . A federal judge accepted a plea agreement from Edward Bagley Sr. , 46 , in a Kansas City courtroom on Wednesday morning , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said . In January , he pleaded guilty to one of the 11 counts he faced for having a sexual relationship with a minor , who was identified only by the initials "  FV "  or Female Victim  in official documents . Bagley faced life imprisonment . Bagley held the victim as a sex slave from December 2002 to February 27 , 2009 , in his Lebanon , Missouri , trailer home . The woman -- who was a runaway minor at the time when the abuse began -- was sometimes "  hung upside down , " "  water boarded " and had animals she cared for shot in front of her by Bagley to coerce her to engage in commercial sex acts , the indictment read . "  In or about December 2002 ,  Bagley  invited FV , a 16-year-old minor , who grew up in foster care homes , into his residence after she ran away from home and promised her ' a great life , ' including , but not limited to , making her a model and a dancer , and ` making her dreams come true , ' " the indictment read . "  Bagley  advertised and publicized FV over the Internet and in live web cam sessions as his slave who would engage in sexual acts and could be tortured during live online sessions , or in person , " an indictment read . Once the victim turned 18 , Bagley had "  FV sign a ` sex slavery ' contract " and told her the contract "  legally bound her to him as his ` sex slave ' with a term that ` never ' ended , " according to the indictment . During the six years of abuse , Bagley also performed abortions on the victim using things like "  vacuums , and clothing hangers for the purpose of terminating the pregnancies , " the indictment said . The victim was discovered by first responders after she suffered cardiac arrest during a torture session on February 27 , 2009 , the indictment read . Five other defendants , including four men and Bagley 's wife , Marilyn Bagley , are scheduled to be sentenced this week . The four men were alleged to have traded Bagley things like "  cigarettes , computer hard drives , sadomasochism videos , coats and meats " to use the young woman as a sex slave , according to the indictment . The U.S. Attorney 's Office said that lawyers for the victim were seeking $ 738,250 for physical and psychological trauma to their client .	Edward Bagley Sr. kept a "  mentally deficient " runaway as a sex slave six years Torture , including being hung upside down , began when woman was 16 Authorities discovered the victim when she went into cardiac arrest during torture Bagley 's wife , four other men also charged in sexual abuse of the victim
Wired  -- Photographer Christoph Morlinghaus takes us on a grand tour of the very best Modernist religious architecture in Form/Faith . From Eliel and Eero Saarinen 's Midwest churches to Marcel Breuer 's austere concrete to the far-out experiments of Pietro Belluschi , the series is a beautiful study of how religion has long spawned many of the world 's most beautiful buildings . "  I was always in awe of how light and a few building materials like concrete , glass and wood can evoke a spiritual feeling , " says Morlinghaus , who was drawn to the beauty of churches after experiencing the "  very cathedral-like feel " of Eero Saarinen 's Terminal 5 at JFK . The structures he documented are full of vaulted ceilings , soaring cantilevers and manipulated light , all of which are meant to enrapture believers . But Morlinghaus , who describes himself as agnostic , says he 's not trying to sell anyone on the merits of religion . He simply wants to provide reverent and referential descriptions of the buildings . "  I try to keep my photography as distinct as I can from personal interpretations , " says the photographer , whose exposures can be as long as 45 minutes in some of the darkened cathedrals . In all , Morlinghaus photographed 17 places of worship with his Sinar P2 8Ã -- 10 large format film camera . All but Mariendom in Neviges , Germany , are in the United States . In every case , Morlinghaus says , clergy and custodians were proud to welcome him in . "  These ecclesiastical buildings were the most accessible interiors that I ever photographed , " he says . "  Rarely , have I encountered more cooperative or welcoming people . " While photographing at the US Air Force Academy Cadet Chapelâ $ " a bustling tourist spotâ $ " the minister barred anyone from entering during Morlinghaus ' eight-minute exposure . Of all of the houses of worship he visited , Morlinghaus ' favorite is the Thorncrown Chapel in Eureka Springs , Arkansas , designed by E. Fay Jones . It 's a monumental space that brings the forest into the church . Initially , Morlinghaus was dissatisfied with his first photograph , but second and third attempts achieved an image that reflected the soul-stirring flood of light within . Morlinghaus ' image of Thorncrown  slide 10  is publicly shown here for the first time . Form/Faith is not yet finished . Like the buildings he photographs , Morlinghaus wants the project to be grand . Plus , there 's much more religious architecture to be explored . "  It 's time to continue and get the funding together , " he says . More from Wired : How to fix your iPhone 's annoying autocorrect Inside the rainbow factory where crayola crayons are made Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Photographer Christoph Morlinghaus reveals the most striking religious architecture Concrete , glass and wood have been used to create mind-blowing interiors Ecclesiastical buildings are shown to be amongst the world 's most beautiful structures
London  CNN  Mohammed Emwazi : The world knows him better as "  Jihadi John , " the man whose masked face and British accented-taunts have featured in a series of brutal ISIS execution videos . But many of those who grew up with him have told the UK media that remember Emwazi altogether differently : as the typical "  boy next door , " a popular kid who loved football , pop music and The Simpsons . A day after the long-standing mystery behind Jihadi John 's identity was solved , clues to his past have begun to emerge -- but far from showing him as a violent extremist , they paint a picture of an ordinary child and teenager growing up in the British capital . Emwazi was born in Kuwait in 1988 , and moved to the UK with his parents , Jasem and Ghaneya , and sister at the age of six , according to CAGE , an advocacy group for those affected by terrorism investigations . The family settled down in west London ; Emwazi 's father is reported to have worked as a taxi driver , while his mother stayed at home to look after Emwazi and his siblings . He is reported to have attended St Mary Magdalene Church of England Primary School , in London 's Maida Vale ; a photograph published on the front pages of several British newspapers showed a smiling young boy in the school 's scarlet sweater uniform , surrounded by his classmates and teacher -- a far cry from the black-clad jihadi infamous around the world . When contacted by CNN , the school 's headteacher refused to comment . On its website , the school -- whose motto is "  believe , achieve and succeed together " -- proudly proclaims : "  We are a very inclusive , multicultural and diverse school , where many languages and religions reside happily under one roof . " A former classmate there told the Daily Mail newspaper that Emwazi was sporty and popular , but had initially struggled with English : "  He could only say a few words at first , like his name and where he was from . "  He played football every lunchtime and at the after-school football club . Through football , he learned different words and expressions . " The paper reported that , writing in a class yearbook aged 10 , Emwazi told of his love for pop group S Club 7 , The Simpsons , the shoot - 'em - up computer game Duke Nukem and -- like so many other British children -- listed his favourite food as chips . Another friend from St Mary Magdalene told radio station LBC : "  I used to go with him to that primary school ... I do remember him very well ... I was a year younger than him and he treated me as someone he used to teach . " The man , who was identified only as Mohammed , said the pair 's mothers had been "  very good friends " until three years ago when rumors began to circulate about Emwazi 's terror links . "  His mum used to sell gold and stuff like that to the local community . " Mohammed and another former classmate both said they have vivid memories of a painful injury sustained by the youngster when he was in the final year of primary school . "  In the playground ... He was just about to get into a fight and he was running away from someone ... another guy tried to block off his path . He had nowhere to go and he basically ran into the goalposts , hit his head onto a metal goalpost and fell to the floor , " Mohammed told LBC , adding that his friend missed two weeks of classes and "  he was not the same , ever since that brain injury . " Londoner Matt Seton wrote on Twitter that he went to school with Emwazi : "  He was a 12 year old kid ... I remember one -LSB- time -RSB- we were playing football and he smashed his head on the goalpost . Now he kills people for a living . " After leaving St Mary Magdalene , Emwazi is believed to have moved on to the Quintin Kynaston Academy in neighboring St. John 's Wood , whose alumni include singers Tulisa Contostavolos and Shola Ama ; his sister later became a prefect there . One of his classmates -- speaking on condition of anonymity -- told the Daily Telegraph newspaper he was a "  typical north-west London boy . " "  He seemed like a nice guy ... a down-to-earth person and humble . He liked football and he was friends with everyone . All the Indian boys , all the Pakistani boys , people from different religions , he spoke to everyone . " A neighbor of the Emwazi family told CNN he was a "  polite young man . " A former teacher told Britain 's Channel 4 News that Emwazi was "  a diligent hardworking lovely young man . Responsible , polite , quiet . He was everything that you 'd want a student to be . "  He was somebody who would always seek the correct way of handling something . He did things in the right way , " she insisted . "  There was never any indication of any violence at all . " The unidentified educator said her ex-pupil "  was religious ... and I think as he got older he did become more devout . He would go to the mosque on Fridays and pray but a lot of our kids did that . " Emwazi apparently did well enough at the school to go on to Westminster University in London ; he completed a degree in 2009 . Asim Qureshi , research director of CAGE , insists that the Mohammed Emwazi he knew was "  very kind , extremely gentle , -LSB- a -RSB- humble individual , who did n't have any self-importance about himself . " Intelligence services and terrorism experts are now piecing together just how he went from that to the infamous "  bogeyman " of ISIS -- something which continues to puzzle many of those who knew him as a boy . Opinion : Why ` Jihadi John ' is so worrying	ISIS executioner "  Jihadi John " unmasked as Mohammed Emwazi , a Kuwaiti-born Londoner Emwazi is believed to have attended a church-affiliated primary school Friends say he was a typical British youngster who loved football , pop music and The Simpsons
Washington  CNN  -- Congressional negotiators reached a bipartisan budget compromise on Tuesday that would prevent another government shutdown , if approved by the House and Senate . House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan said Tuesday the deal with his Senate counterpart , Patty Murray , would set spending levels , reduce the deficit , and relieve some of the arbitrary , forced spending cuts -- known as sequestration . The pair found common ground just days before a Friday deadline to settle the matter . "  We have broken through the partisanship and the gridlock , " Murray said . Ryan said the deal was "  a clear improvement " over the status quo . The budget deal in plain English "  This agreement makes sure that we do n't have a government shutdown scenario in January . It makes sure we do n't have another government shutdown scenario in October . It makes sure that we do n't lurch from crisis to crisis , " the Wisconsin Republican said . President Barack Obama called the development a good first step . "  This agreement does n't include everything I 'd like -- and I know many Republicans feel the same way . That 's the nature of compromise . But it 's a good sign that Democrats and Republicans in Congress were able to come together and break the cycle of short-sighted , crisis-driven decision-making to get this done , " Obama said in a statement . Will Congress approve it ? Both the House and Senate must still weigh in , but opponents in both parties immediately raised concerns about the agreement , which , if passed by Congress , would mark a significant departure from repeated budget showdowns in recent years . Sen. Marco Rubio , a Florida Republican , said the proposal "  continues Washington 's irresponsible budgeting decisions " by spending too much . "  In the short run , this budget also cancels earlier spending reductions , instead of making some tough decisions about how to tackle our long-term fiscal challenges caused by runaway Washington spending , " Rubio said in a statement . Ryan and Murray have spent the past two months working on an agreement that would set government spending levels and replace the next round of deep automatic cuts -- known as sequester . Negotiators were tasked with reaching a deal following October 's budget drama in Washington , when inaction by Congress on spending for the current fiscal year led to a 16-day federal shutdown . The temporary federal spending agreement that ended the shutdown this fall expires in mid January . Crossfire : Both sides skeptical With the Republican-led House leaving town on Friday for the holidays , negotiators worked for a deal this week to give both houses of Congress their best shot at quickly weighing the new proposal . Ryan said they would like to get it before the House leaves town at the end of the work week , and Murray indicated the Senate wanted to consider it before it , too , recessed for the holidays next week . "  I think conservatives should vote for it , " Ryan said of Republicans , especially tea party members in the House , who have focused most aggressively on spending cuts and who have tangled most fiercely with Obama and Democrats . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said she looks forward to discussing the deal with the Democratic caucus . "  Any budget agreement must ensure that we create jobs , grow the economy , strengthen the middle class , and reduce the deficit in a balanced and responsible way , " she said in a statement . Should Obama get credit for the Obama economy ? Details of agreement "  This deal does n't solve all of our problems , " Murray said , noting the compromise both sides made with government spending authority expiring in mid-January . The proposal will raise 2014 spending for the full fiscal year to $ 1.012 trillion . It would save $ 85 billion while eliminating $ 63 billion in forced spending cuts to the military and other programs through sequestration to achieve total deficit reduction of $ 23 billion , budget leaders said . Specifically , it rolls back sequestration cuts to education , medical research , infrastructure investments , and defense jobs for the next two years , Murray said . She wanted the negotiations to close corporate tax loopholes and Republicans had hoped for a chance to make changes to entitlements . Negotiators also did not include a proposal to extend unemployment benefits , which Democrats were pushing for this week . Paul Ryan : fiscal dealmaker Tom Cohen , Brianna Keilar , Dana Bash and John King contributed to this report .	Bipartisan budget negotiations were spawned by October shutdown House/Senate negotiations have been ongoing for two months , faced Friday deadline Deal would avert shutdown in mid-January if approved by Congress NEW : Agreement would relieve some forced spending cuts known as sequester
CNN  -- Two Israeli bands , one Jewish and one Arab , are joining together in "  metal brotherhood " to spread a message of peace through rock 'n roll . Arab group Khalas  Arabic for "  Enough "  and Jewish band Orphaned Land are heading out on an 18-day European tour that they hope will foster tolerance between the two sides in the Arab-Israeli conflict . "  We want to share the stage together , we want to show co-existence , " said Kobi Farhi , Orphaned Land 's vocalist . The bands will also share a tour bus for three weeks . What more perfect example of co-existence , asks Farhi . "  We will snore at each other , we will do laundry together , we will make coffee for each other , " he said . Among those on the tour bus will be Abed Hathout , Khalas ' guitarist and band manager . "  If we can do this co-existence on a bus , why ca n't we do it all over this country , " he said . One in five Israelis is of Arab descent , according to Israel 's Central Bureau of Statistics . Sometimes called Israeli-Arabs , many consider themselves Palestinians . Apart from handful of cities that the government designates "  mixed , " where a minority of Arabs lives alongside a majority of Jews , the two groups live in separate communities . Read more : The mystery of the Egyptian sphinx in Israel Farhi admits that music might not be able to solve the Arab-Israeli conflict , but he argues that "  you can always show a way for people to take inspiration . " The bands have already played two gigs together in Tel Aviv . Hathout says that Khalas ' favorite place to perform is Ramallah in the West Bank but that the "  good energy " at these two gigs was "  amazing . " This is not the first time music has been used to cross the divide between Israelis and Arabs . In 1999 , conductor Daniel Barenboim and the late Palestinian intellectual Edward Said founded The West-Eastern Divan Orchestra . Based in the Spanish city of Seville , the orchestra is composed of an equal number of Israeli and Arab musicians , together with a group of Spanish musicians . The orchestra has performed all over the world , working on the philosophy that music can break down barriers and encourage people to listen to each other . Some Palestinians have criticized the orchestra for promoting "  normalization , " which masks the realities of their situation . Last year an East Jerusalem concert was cancelled after complaints from Palestinians . Read more : New city offers vision of better life in West Bank Farhi recounts a similar incident when Orphaned Land played with a Tunisian band on their last tour . The Tunisian band 's manager received emails asking them to boycott the tour . "  If you want to interpret  touring with an Israeli band  as legitimizing , that 's your interpretation ... we simply have a message that we love each other and we want to live together . " Khalas and Orphaned Land 's tour was sparked by Farhi and Hathout 's friendship . "  You might say  going on tour together  is a PR cliche or a gimmick ... but it 's simply a translation of me and Abed 's brotherhood , " said Farhi . The pair met almost a decade ago at a radio station and bonded over their mutual love of heavy metal with a Middle Eastern twist . Both bands blend classic heavy metal elements with Arabic rhythms and instruments like violins and flutes . They call it Oriental Metal . "  We take the rock 'n roll of the West , put it through our Middle Eastern filters , and throw it back , " said Hathout . Orphaned Land 's lyrics are often political , observing the Middle East 's governments and religion . Khalas ' latest album features metal covers of '80s Arab wedding songs . "  Khalas does n't deal with politics ... it 's not because we are not connected to our people or we do n't care , but there are so many people talking about the occupation . "  I have the right to write about having fun and love and drinking beer . " In spite of the complexities , Ben Brinner author of "  Playing across a Divide : Israeli-Palestinian Musical Encounters " and a professor of music at University of California , Berkeley , says something very interesting can happen when musicians from both sides come together . "  They create different kinds of musical styles ; it 's giving a vision of a rich kind of working together  that in  the best cases creates something new , something that they could n't create on their own , that can speak to the hearts of diverse audiences . " For Farhi , it 's straightforward enough : "  The only conflict we have is who is going to pay the bill . "	Two Israeli bands -- one Jewish the other Arab -- touring Europe together Bands hope their tour will show how music can unite people across political and religious divides Other Arab-Israeli musical projects have highlighted power of music to foster peaceful relations ` The only conflict we have is who is going to pay the bill , ' says singer Kobi Farhi
CNN  -- The decision on whether Medicare pays for sex-change operations is now in the hands of regional administrators , thanks to a decision Friday by a federal board that overturned a national policy of not covering such surgeries . The ruling by the Departmental Appeals Board of the Department of Health and Human Services gives authority to 15 regional contractors who administer the Medicare program to decide whether sex-change surgeries will be covered in their territories . "  The national policy barring Medicare from covering gender transition surgery has been invalidated , " said Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services spokesman Aaron Albright in an e-mail to CNN . "  As with all such determinations , CMS will carry out this independent board 's ruling through Medicare Administrative Contractors , who manage Medicare claims payment systems . These contractors may cover this care case-by-case or under a local coverage determination based on clinical evidence to determine medical appropriateness , " added Albright , whose agency administers Medicare and Medicaid . The American Civil Liberties Union  ACLU  , Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders  GLAD  , and the National Center for Lesbian Rights  NCLR  responded with a joint statement praising the move : "  This decision removes a threshold barrier to coverage for medical care for transgender people under Medicare . It is consistent with the consensus of the medical and scientific community that access to gender transition-related care is medically necessary for many people with gender dysphoria , " the statement said . "  The removal of the exclusion of coverage for surgical care for Medicare recipients means that individuals will not automatically have claims of coverage for gender transition-related surgeries denied . They should either get coverage or , at a minimum , receive an individualized review of the medical need for the specific procedure they seek , just like anyone seeking coverage for any other medical treatment . " The National Gay and Lesbian Task Force issued a statement that concluded , "  The dominoes are falling rapidly . "	Until Friday , a national policy barred Medicare from covering sex-change surgery A board under the Department of Health and Human services overturned that policy Now , 15 regional administrators will decide whether the surgery is covered
CNN  -- A three-goal blitz in nine minutes sent Arsenal second in the English Premier League as they finally ended their hoodoo against champions Chelsea by winning 3-1 at Emirates Stadium on Monday night . Goals from Alex Song , Cesc Fabregas and Theo Walcott put Arsene Wenger 's side two points behind leaders Manchester United , and ended a run of five successive defeats to Chelsea . Branislav Ivanovic pulled a goal back for the visitors , but it was n't enough to end their miserable run of form as they continue to search for their first win since early November . The Gunners were handed a boost before kickoff as Spain midfielder Fabregas was restored to the starting lineup , as well as Dutch striker Robin Van Persie , but Chelsea 's French forward Nicolas Anelka was absent with a knee injury . Football 's heroes and villains of 2010 The first half was a scrappy affair as Chelsea sat back and invited their opponents to attack them , with neither side creating much in the way of goalscoring opportunities . But that all changed five minutes before the break as Samir Nasri forced Chelsea keeper Petr Cech into a fine save with an effort that was curling towards the top corner . And just four minutes later Arsenal were ahead . Song exchanged passes with Wilshere , before picking up a loose ball in the area and driving it into the corner of the net . The home side came roaring out of the traps in the second half , as Walcott latched onto a loose pass from Michael Essien and drew Cech before squaring to Fabregas , who stroked the ball into an empty net on 51 minutes . Little more than a minute later the roles were reversed as Fabregas clipped a ball through to Walcott , who fired low past Cech from the edge of the area . Chelsea gave themselves a glimmer of hope on 57 minutes as Ivanovic glanced Didier Drogba 's curling freekick into the net , but despite committing plenty of men forward the champions could n't fashion a way back into the match . Nasri and Abou Diaby had chances to compound Chelsea 's misery , but both squandered late opportunities . Chelsea 's defeat is bound to heap more pressure on their Italian manager Carlo Ancelotti , who has presided over a wretched run of just one win in eight games . "  We have to wake up because we are asleep , " he told Sky Sports after the game . "  We did not play well but Arsenal did and they deserved to win . We must stay focused and continue to work hard . " Arsenal boss Wenger said : "  We were disciplined , played for each other and were less nervous and perhaps less adventurous at some stages . "  Let 's hope the game has strengthened our belief and that we can challenge for the championship . "	Arsenal beat Chelsea 3-1 in the English Premier League on Monday Goals from Alex Song , Cesc Fabregas and Theo Walcott see off reigning champions Chelsea managed a consolation through Branislav Ivanovic but their poor run continues Arsenal move into second place , two points behind leaders Manchester United
CNN  Charlie Hebdo , the French magazine targeted by gunmen who killed journalists and police in a brazen lunchtime attack Wednesday , is no stranger to controversy . The Paris-based weekly satirical publication , which was founded in 1970 , became famous for its risqué cartoons and daring takedowns of politicians , public figures and religious symbols of all faiths . And although the motive behind Wednesday 's massacre is not yet clear , Charlie Hebdo 's notorious cartoons satirizing the Prophet Mohammed in recent years have angered some Muslims and made it a target for attacks . "  Everybody knows them when you work in journalism , " said Marie Turcan , a journalist who was just 200 meters from Charlie Hebdo 's central Paris office when the shooting began . "  They have marked French journalism forever with their drawings and their cover stories . " A reputation for controversy In November 2011 Charlie Hebdo 's office was burned down on the same day the magazine was due to release an issue with a cover that appeared to poke fun at Islamic law . The cover cartoon depicted a bearded and turbaned cartoon figure of the Prophet Mohammed with a bubble saying , "  100 lashes if you 're not dying of laughter . " In September 2012 , despite the ongoing global furor over the anti-Islam film "  Innocence of Muslims , " the magazine published an issue featuring a cartoon that appeared to depict a naked Mohammed , along with a cover that appeared to depict Mohammed being pushed in a wheelchair by an Orthodox Jew . French and American officials expressed dismay with the decision , and France closed embassies and schools in about 20 countries temporarily as a precaution . Charlie Hebdo journalist Laurent Leger defended the magazine at the time , saying the cartoons were not intended to provoke anger or violence . "  The aim is to laugh , " Leger told BFM-TV in 2012 . "  We want to laugh at the extremists -- every extremist . They can be Muslim , Jewish , Catholic . Everyone can be religious , but extremist thoughts and acts we can not accept . " "  In France , we always have the right to write and draw . And if some people are not happy with this , they can sue us and we can defend ourselves . That 's democracy , " Leger said . "  You do n't throw bombs , you discuss , you debate . But you do n't act violently . We have to stand and resist pressure from extremism . " Massacre at editorial meeting Charlie Hebdo 's last tweet before Wednesday 's attack featured a cartoon of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi seemingly sending out his wishes for the new year with the words "  And , above all , health . " Police surveillance had reportedly been fairly tight around the magazine 's office until recently , and there had been 24-hour surveillance of the premises before that , according to CNN 's Jim Bittermann in Paris . Bittermann said the staff of Charlie Hebdo , which publishes weekly on Wednesday , were in their lunchtime editorial meeting when the gunmen stormed the building . Among the dead are editor Stephane "  Charb " Charbonnier along with Georges Wolinski , Jean "  Cabu " Cabut and Bernard Verlhac , known as "  Tignous " -- some of France 's "  most talented cartoonists , " according to French journalist Agnes C. Poirier . Christopher Dickey , the Paris-based foreign editor of The Daily Beast , said Charlie Hebdo is a small publication that packs a big punch . "  It does n't have a huge readership , but it has always had a very controversial approach to the news , " Dickey told CNN . "  To see it silenced this way , especially after it survived a firebombing of its headquarters three years ago , is really reprehensible . " Thousands of people took to social media in the attack 's aftermath to express solidarity with Charlie Hebdo , posting images with the words "  Je Suis Charlie " in white on a black background , or paying tributes to the magazine on Twitter using the #JeSuisCharlie hashtag . Some considered cartoons blasphemous Any depiction of Islam 's prophet is considered blasphemy by many Muslims . France has the largest Muslim population in Western Europe , with an estimated 4.7 million followers of the faith . France , which is known for its stark separation of church and state , angered some Muslims in 2011 when it banned full-face Islamic veils like the burqa , claiming they were degrading and a security risk . Charlie Hebdo is far from the only publication whose depiction of Mohammed sparked controversy . Newspapers in Norway and Denmark prompted furious demonstrations around the world in 2005 when they ran Mohammed cartoons . Several cartoonists were attacked in the fallout of that controversy . Sweden 's Lars Vilks got death threats after drawing Mohammed with the body of a dog . And a man tried to break into Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard 's house after he portrayed Mohammed wearing a turban shaped like a bomb . Hollande reacts On Wednesday , French President Francois Hollande reacted to the news : "  France is today facing a shock , the shock a of a terror attack , because this is a terrorist attack without a doubt , against a publication that was threatened several times and that was protected . " "  In these moments we have to form a block to show we are a united country . We know how to react appropriately , with firmness , but always with the concern for national unity . "	Gunmen storm satirical magazine 's office in Paris , officials say Charlie Hebdo has courted controversy before with satirical takes on religious extremism Magazine 's offices were burned down in 2011 after it published a cartoon depicting the Prophet Mohammed
CNN  -- A volcano in southern Alaska erupted anew Monday , the fifth eruption since coming back to life Sunday night . Mount Redoubt vents steam atop the crater in Alaska on Saturday . A total of five "  explosive events " were recorded at Mount Redoubt , U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar told reporters Monday . The eruptions sent ash columns some 60,000 feet into the air above the snow-covered peak , and several communities west of Anchorage , Alaska , reported falling ash , officials said . It also raised concern about ash fallout in towns near the volcano . A "  dark and cloudy environment " was noted near Cook Inlet , Salazar said . Agencies including the Federal Aviation Administration , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the U.S. Geological Survey were monitoring the situation . See photos of volcano 's ash and steam " Concern centers mainly on three areas , Salazar said on a Monday conference call with reporters . The first is the ash clouds ' effect on air traffic in the vicinity of the volcano . Aircraft carrying a total of roughly 20,000 passengers fly through the area on any given day , Salazar said . "  I understand a number of commercial flights have been canceled coming in and out of Anchorage International Airport , " USGS geophysicist John Power said earlier Monday . "  We could see disruptions to air travel to south central Alaska , and Alaska as a whole for a period of weeks to months . " Officials are working with the aviation industry to make sure air traffic in the area is safe , Salazar said . The second area of concern is for people on the ground near the mountain , he said , but noted that most residents know what precautions to take , as experts have been warning of an eruption for some time . In Port Alsworth , where about 100 people live year-round , Mark Lang , 56 , said that everyone is staying inside . "  Stay indoors and stay out of it as much as you could , " he advised . In the event residents have to go outside , he said , they wear masks . He said the abrasive ash is dangerous to breathe and "  not good for your lungs . " It could pose a problem for the town , he said , if it prevents airplanes from flying into Port Alsworth . Flying is the only way to get to the town . In Anchorage , about 100 miles from the volcano , residents were getting ready for ash . "  All the masks and filters were sold out in two days , " said Abi Seaver , 19 , of Anchorage . Another resident of Anchorage said the city is n't too concerned . "  It 's so far away , " she said . "  And we live in the Ring of Fire , so it 's not an uncommon event . " The third area of concern regards facilities in the area such as he Drift River Oil Terminal , which Salazar described as a "  major terminal " for the storage of crude oil . But he said measures have been taken in anticipation of an eruption , to prevent environmental damage , and "  we believe everything is safe there . " Experts expect the eruption to follow the same pattern as the last events in 1989 and 1990 . That eruption continued for months as the mountain 's lava dome grew then collapsed , raising another ash cloud , said Tom Murray , a scientist at the Alaska Volcano Observatory . The ash cloud was moving north , missing the bulk of the population in south-central Alaska , Murray said . "  We are continuing to watch the volcano very closely , " he said . "  We could have several more phases , such as we 've seen . " The eruptions started at at 10:38 p.m. Sunday . Subsequent eruptions occurred at 11:02 p.m. , 12:14 a.m. , 1:39 a.m. and 4:37 a.m. . The USGS estimated the height of the eruption cloud at 50,000 feet and warned that mudflows were possible on the Drift and Crescent rivers , and ashfall was likely near and downwind from the volcano . Ash from the volcano is expected to blow north and pass west of Anchorage , said Dave Schneider , a geophysicist with the Alaska Volcano Observatory . He described the ash as a trace -- meaning if some landed on a windshield , the driver could still see through it . Power said the ash will be about the thickness of a penny or a dime . He warned residents to take precautions . "  It does pose significant problems for mechanical systems , people with respiratory illnesses and aircraft , " he said , adding that residents should be prepared to stay indoors . Those in range of the ashfall should seal their windows and doors , the National Weather Service said . It also advised that residents protect electronics , minimize driving and cover air intakes and open water supplies . The alert level went to red , the highest level , when the eruptions began , according to the Alaska Volcano Observatory Web page .	NEW : Interior Secretary : Total of five "  explosive events " recorded at Mount Redoubt Geologists expect "  explosive activity for the next weeks or months " With the eruption , mudflows are possible on the Drift and Crescent rivers Volcano last erupted in December 1989 and continued for months
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Arizonans paid tribute Friday morning to the federal judge killed in the deadly shooting rampage last weekend in Tucson . U.S. District Judge John Roll was one of six people gunned down Saturday when he dropped by U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords ' meet-and-greet in a supermarket parking lot . The funeral service for the revered 63-year-old jurist was held at St. Thomas the Apostle Parish in Tucson . Roll 's service came a day after a memorial was held for Christina Green , 9 , the youngest victim of the mass shooting . In addition to the six deaths , 13 others , including Giffords , were wounded in the gunfire . Arizona Sens. John McCain and Jon Kyl , both Republicans , said Friday they will introduce legislation to name a new federal courthouse in Yuma after Roll . The courthouse is about to be built , and Roll , as Arizona 's chief federal judge , recently approved the plans for the building , according to Brooke Buchanan , an aide to McCain . President Barack Obama described Roll as "  the hardest-working judge " within the 9th Circuit in a speech Wednesday night at a public memorial at the University of Arizona . McCain called Roll "  a man of great qualities and character . " He had recommended him for the federal bench 20 years ago . Chief Justice John Roberts said Roll was "  a wise jurist who selflessly served Arizona and the nation with great distinction , as attorney and judge , for more than 35 years , " McCain said . President George H.W. Bush appointed Roll , a Pennsylvania native , to the bench , and he rose to become the state 's chief federal judge . Two years ago , he received death threats after ruling that a $ 32 million civil rights lawsuit filed by illegal immigrants against a rancher could proceed , a ruling that sparked outrage from radio talk-show hosts and others . Roll was placed under protection by federal marshals for several weeks . No one was charged in the case . The jurist also received criticism recently when he asked to delay bringing felons to trial in Tucson , citing a judicial emergency . He said in a November letter to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that the ever-increasing number of federal felony arrests had overwhelmed his court . Roll also had been assigned to hear a case on ethnic studies , according to the lead attorney in the case , Richard Martinez . The case , out of Tucson , involves a new law banning certain ethnic studies programs in public schools . Tucson resident Jared Lee Loughner , 22 , is facing federal charges in Saturday 's attack . Police said Loughner targeted Giffords and had complained about the lawmaker for years after apparently getting a response he did n't like to a question he asked her at a 2007 event . The shooting set off a political firestorm across the country , with some pundits saying that extreme partisan politics played a role in the mass killing . On Thursday , family , friends , classmates and hundreds of mourners filled St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Catholic Church in Tucson for the funeral service for Christina Green , the 9-year-old . All of them passed under a giant American flag that was recovered in the aftermath of the terror attacks in New York on September 11 , 2001 -- the day Christina was born . Dozens of other mourners paid their respects by standing outside the church , which was filled to capacity . Obama noted Wednesday that Christina was beginning to discover the political system -- something that she saw "  through the eyes of a child . " "  I want us to live up to her expectations . I want our democracy to be as good as Christina imagined it . I want America to be as good as she imagined it , " Obama said . "  All of us -- we should do everything we can do to make sure this country lives up to our children 's expectations . " CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this story .	NEW : U.S. senators propose naming a planned federal courthouse after Judge Roll Roll 's funeral comes a day after the service for the youngest victim Roll was Arizona 's chief federal judge Six people were killed in the Arizona shooting rampage
CNN  -- China 's plan to guarantee its economic future depends on empowering and enriching the most downtrodden of its citizens : migrant workers . These are the approximately 250 million people from the countryside that now live and work in Chinese cities but they can not access government healthcare , education and other social services once they leave their home villages and towns . These migrants are handcuffed by the Soviet-inspired "  hukou " system of housing registration . Introduced in the 1950s , it aimed to prevent farmers and peasants from flooding into the cities and during the Mao years such a move was nearly impossible . Since reforms began in 1980 , however , the government has allowed farmers to migrate to the cities to fill jobs at factories , construction sites , restaurants , hotels , shopping centers and the like . This population of migrant workers is now estimated to consititute as much as 25 % of the residents of major Chinese cities today . Just over 50 % of China 's 1.3 billion people now live in cities , as compared to some 20 % when reforms began in 1980 . The United States hit the 50 % mark in 1920 . Britain became majority urban in 1850 . China 's future growth depends on "  hukou " reform to make these people legal urban residents and turn them into the next wave of consumers The reason is that the current economic model is running out of gas . The model -- based on state enterprises and driven by loose credit and government spending on infrastructure -- must be transformed into an economy driven by consumers . When the new Communist Party leadership of President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang came into office a year ago , consumption was only about 35 % of GDP , as compared to 54 % in India and nearly 75 % in the U.S. . The existing urban population -- with legal housing registration -- mostly have done well in the past couple of decades . Many have already splurged on apartments , cars and large electronics . They alone ca n't drive the level of consumption the Chinese economy will require going forward . The "  China 2030 " report published by the World Bank and the Development Research Center , a Chinese think tank that advises the leadership , said that if China can provide legal urban housing registration for 10 million migrant workers a year and transform them into the next wave of consumers , then China can enjoy 6 % annual growth for the next couple of decades . This World Bank report also estimates that China will have from 13 million to 15 million people per year moving from the countryside to cities for the next couple of decades . A huge challenge for China 's leadership is developing a sustainable urban development model . For the past 20 years , city planning and urbanization has been driven by real estate sales that funded city governments and enriched well-connected property developers . The government owns all the land in China and only property usage rights change hands . So city planners have focused on turning rural land into urban land so it could be developed . All too often this was done by constructing ring roads around cities to delineate ever larger areas for development . A serious consequence of this model is heavy pollution , tangled traffic and urban designs that favor massive developments instead of housing , workplaces , education and recreation facilities that are organized around how people live and work and socialize . Demographers and planners in China are now debating the best models for future development . These include encircling China 's existing metropolises with satellite cities in a hub-and-spoke pattern that would allow migrants to live an hour away with legal housing registration . The government 's current five-year plan designates 20 such centers of urbanization . This includes the five cities that have the same status as China 's provinces -- Beijing , Shanghai , Tianjin , Guangzhou and Chongqing -- as well as such "  regional centers " as Nanjing , Wuhan , Chengdu , Xian , Shenyang and Shenzhen . In the Pearl River Delta inland from Hong Kong , China plans to spend $ 350 billion to mesh together nine cities with a population of 50 million . The views expressed in this article are solely those of James McGregor	China 's economic future depends on empowering migrant workers The current investment-based economic model is running out of gas Making migrants legal urban residents will create a new wave of consumers However , sustainable urban development will be huge challenge
RITTMAN , Ohio  CNN  -- Donna Zovko walks to her son 's grave . Tears stream down her face and she begins trembling amid a steady rain . She kisses her right hand and with it strokes her boy 's headstone . Donna Zovko stands next to her son 's headstone . A wreath with 36 roses marks Jerry Zovko 's birthday . Three and a half years ago , she watched on TV as the bodies of her oldest son , Jerry Zovko , and three of his Blackwater colleagues were dragged through the streets of the Iraqi city of Falluja , burned and mutilated . As horrifying as the pictures are , Donna Zovko -- a Catholic -- finds comfort in an image of her son 's body before the mobs got to him . His eyes were closed , his mouth open , as if he were calling God "  to take his soul . " "  I just hope that he was referring to the Holy Mother or calling God to help him , " she says , just steps from where her son is buried . Watch remembering "  my Jerry " " Donna Zovko also hopes that she will get some answers as to how -- and why -- her son died . Blackwater officials have not been forthcoming , she says . After seeing Donna Zovko 's story on CNN , Blackwater Chairman Erik Prince said of her : "  I would be willing to meet with her without media present , out of fear of it becoming a media circus . " Donna Zovko would welcome such a meeting . "  I would like that . It would be one of my prayers answered . Maybe he 'll tell me the truth , " she says . Then , she adds : "  Why does it have to be 44 months before they tell us anything ? " Watch a mom 's message to Erik Prince : "  Tell the truth " " Two weeks ago , on October 26 , Donna Zovko was at the Ohio Western Reserve National Cemetery to celebrate her son 's birthday . A wreath adorned with 36 white roses -- 32 for his years alive and four for the birthdays he 's missed -- stood next to the grave . Three yellow roses sat next to the headstone with a hand-written note : "  Happy Birthday Jerry . " "  I miss him more today than yesterday . But I love being here , " his mother said . Jerry Zovko , a former Army Ranger , had gone to Iraq as a security contractor to train Iraqi soldiers . When that contract ended in late 2003 , he signed on with a different company , Blackwater , according to his mother . On the mission in Falluja , he and his comrades Scott Helvenston , Mike Teague and Wesley Batalona were killed when they were ambushed in their two vehicles as they escorted three empty flatbed trucks . It was the death of Zovko and his comrades that led to the first major U.S. offensive in Falluja , lasting three weeks , and killing 36 U.S. servicemen . Donna Zovko , a Croatian immigrant whose original name is Danica , told CNN.com that Blackwater chief Prince paid a personal visit to her to inform her of her son 's death . He also attended the funeral , and the company held a memorial service for her son and the other slain guards . After that ceremony , she said , she and her family were taken to a private room where they pressed for more details about the events surrounding her son 's death . She said she did n't get answers . A congressional committee had a similar complaint about Blackwater not being forthcoming . In late September , the House Oversight Committee released a report on the deaths of Zovko and his three colleagues , saying Blackwater had "  delayed and impeded " its investigation of the killings . "  Blackwater agreed to the Falluja mission before its contract officially began , ignored multiple warnings about the risks involved and did not provide its team with adequate equipment , intelligence or directions , " the report said . "  Mistake apparently compounded mistake . " Blackwater has taken issue with the House report . The incident in Falluja "  was a tragedy in which no one -- but the terrorists -- are to blame , " the company said in a recent statement . Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell said Donna Zovko is "  a grieving mother , understandably so , and our thoughts remain with her and her entire family . " Watch Donna Zovko 's quest " Today , Blackwater 's Prince added this : "  I was communicating with her all the way up until the time the lawsuit was filed . " The Zovko family disputes that claim . The company , which provides security across the globe , has come under intense scrutiny since its employees were accused of killing 17 Iraqi civilians and wounding 27 others on September 16 of this year in a hail of gunfire in Baghdad . Donna Zovko and the three other families who lost their relatives in the Falluja ambush have sued Blackwater , alleging the company failed to provide their loved ones with adequate gear , weaponry and support . Blackwater has denied the allegations and argued the men agreed to assume the risks of working in a war zone . As for those who murdered her son , Donna Zovko said : "  It 's not mine to judge and I do n't want to judge them . But it would be nice to know what happened to those people that celebrated the deaths of my son , Mike , Wes and Scotty . It would be nice to know if they had to answer to anyone besides God . " One day , she hopes to visit that site on Highway 10 in Falluja where the killings occurred to build a monument to those who died . "  They can knock it down and I 'll just build it back up , " she said . This mother -- who arrived in the United States when she was 15 , three years to the day before her son was born -- then walked over to Jerry 's grave and said the Lord 's Prayer . "  I 'll see you Sunday , " she said , rubbing the headstone . She met Pope John Paul II in August 2004 after her son was killed and he told her "  God has accepted Jerry 's soul " -- comforting words that still give her peace . Watch why she would "  give back " pope meeting " "  It was a big gift for me to see the Holy Father and to meet the Holy Father , but for the truth of my Jerry 's death , I 'd give it back , " she said , choking back tears . "  I 'd say , ` No , I want Blackwater to tell me everything . ' " Later that day , the tight-knit family gathered at a Croatian community center for dinner . Afterward , Jerry Zovko 's brother , Tommy , watched his mom and dad walk through the darkness to their car as rain poured down . "  We try to live a normal life , " he said . "  But it 's anything but normal . " E-mail to a friend	Mom says she 'd trade meeting the pope to meet with Blackwater 's chairman NEW : After seeing CNN report , Erik Prince says he 'd be willing to meet with her NEW : Donna Zovko responds : "  I would like that " Jerry Zovko was one of four Blackwater guards mutilated on March 31 , 2004
He was a 20-year-old man who , by multiple accounts , was incredibly smart and quiet . He did n't appear to have any run-ins with the law . But Adam Lanza 's seemingly innocuous life was thrust into the spotlight when authorities said he perpetrated the second deadliest school shooting in U.S. history . On Friday morning , Lanza walked into Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , dressed in black battle fatigues and a military vest " and began firing , according to a law enforcement source . By the time he was done , 26 were dead -- 20 of them young students . The bloodshed ended when Lanza 's own life did . He was found dead in a classroom with three firearms : a .223 - caliber Bushmaster rifle and two pistols , a Glock and a Sig Sauer . Before Friday 's rampage , authorities said , Lanza killed his mother in their home in Newtown 's Sandy Hook community . Comforting survivors : ` Hug them ' and ` cry with them ' The mass tragedy left people in the Connecticut town , around the country , around the world asking questions . Who was this man , and why did he do this ? Lanza moved to Connecticut from Kingston , New Hampshire , with his parents and older brother Ryan , according to a booklet for the town 's Newtown 's Bennetts Farm neighborhood . He enjoyed soccer , skateboarding and video games , the publication said . In September 2009 -- when Lanza was 17 -- his mother and father divorced , court documents show . What happened after that for him is n't clear , except that he lived in the picturesque , 300-year-old Connecticut town . His father , Peter , remarried and lived not far from Newtown , an official said . He was questioned by authorities after the shooting . So , too , was his 24-year-old brother Ryan . Authorities have offered few details about Lanza . He had no known criminal record , a law enforcement official said . Slain Connecticut principal just implemented new security system One of Lanza 's aunts , Marsha , described him as a "  quiet , nice kid , " but he had issues with learning , she said . Her husband is Lanza 's paternal uncle . "  He was definitely the challenge of the family in that house . Every family has one , " she told CNN affiliate WLS . "  They have one . I have one . But never in trouble with the law , never in trouble with anything . " She said Lanza 's mother "  battled " with the school board and ended up having her son home-schooled . "  She had issues with school , " the aunt , who lives in Crystal Lake , Illinois , said . "  I 'm not 100 % certain if it was behavior or learning disabilities , but he was a very , very bright boy . He was smart . " Alex Israel was in the same class at Newtown High School with Lanza , and lived a few houses down from him . "  You could definitely tell he was a genius , " Israel told CNN , adding she had n't talked with him since middle school . "  He was really quiet , he kept to himself . " Others in Newtown who knew Lanza said they had no idea he 'd ever be responsible for such horror . His former bus driver , Marsha Moskowitz , told CNN affiliate WABC that he was "  a nice kid , very polite " like his brother . "  It 's a shock to even know  the family  , " she said . "  You ca n't understand what happened . " A relative told investigators that Lanza had a form of autism , according to a law enforcement official , who spoke under condition of anonymity due to the sensitive nature of the investigation . But a national autism committee cautioned against speculating about any link between autism and violence . "  Some public comments have drawn potentially inaccurate and stigmatizing conclusions about a link between the diagnosis and a propensity for violence and lack of empathy , " according to a statement from the Autism Research Institute 's Autistic Global Initiative Project . "  Autism is not a mental health disorder - it is a neurodevelopmental disorder . ... The eyes of the world are on this wrenching tragedy -- with 1 in 88 now diagnosed , misinformation could easily trigger increased prejudice and misunderstanding . " A former classmate told CNN affiliate WCBS that Lanza "  was just a kid " -- not a troublemaker , not anti-social , not suggesting in any way that he could erupt like this . "  I do n't know who would do anything like this , " the classmate said , before walking away distraught . "  This is unspeakable . " How do we stop the violence ? The suspect 's father was also at a loss for explanation . He sent his condolences to the families of victims in a statement released Saturday . "  Our family is grieving along with all those who have been affected by this enormous tragedy , " he said . "  No words can truly express how heartbroken we are . We are in a state of disbelief and trying to find whatever answers we can . "	Officials : Lanza killed 26 people at a school and his mother before he was found dead Suspect 's aunt : Lanza was "  never in trouble with the law , never in trouble with anything " "  You could definitely tell he was a genius , " a neighbor and former classmate says Another former classmate recalls him as "  just a kid " who did n't show violent tendencies
CNN  -- We 're fresh out of English-language ballots . How about Japanese instead ? That 's basically what happened to voters at one precinct in Hawaii after a series of unfortunate events . First , the polling place at Hokulani Elementary School on the island of Oahu ran out of ballots . A two-hour line formed as polling workers tried to shuffle hundreds of people through a single electronic voting machine . Next , according to Mike Kratzke , who was working the election , officials delivered more ballots -- but they were the wrong ones , featuring the wrong local races . "  Everyone stop ! The ballots are wrong ! " Kratzke recalls yelling over an angry mob . Finally : A sorta-solution . Kratzke said he passed out Japanese-language ballots to some of the English-speaking voters . By comparing the Japanese ballots with those that included the wrong candidates , he said , the people of Hawaii finally were able to vote . The candidates ' names appeared in English , while the rest of the information -- instructions on how to fill out the ballot . race names -- was in a language foreign to most . It 's no fault of Kratzke 's . In some ways , it 's a creative solution .  Hawaii , where everyone is a racial minority , offers voting info in four languages , including Japanese  . "  Some people were able to submit their votes for the races they wanted to vote for on these foreign-language ballots , " he said , "  but it was just a mess , man . " In all , 69 precincts in Hawaii saw ballot shortages on Election Day and 23 of those ran out of ballots entirely , according to the state election office 's spokesman . These issues were n't unique to Hawaii . "  We saw lines four or five hours long -- and even longer " in several states , said Mary Boyle , spokeswoman for Common Cause , a group that advocates for "  open , honest and accountable government . " In Virginia , she said , nine voting machines broke at one precinct , leaving only one to accommodate the masses . None of these mishaps resulted in another hanging chads fiasco , a la Election Day 2000 , but that 's beside the point . The scariest thing about the long lines and other such headaches is that they discourage people from voting -- now and , potentially , well into the future . At a time when so much energy in this country is spent on trying to prevent voter fraud , we should turn more of our attention to the experience of people who want to vote , play by the rules , and ca n't because it 's simply too difficult . Kratzke told me 200 to 300 people left his precinct on Tuesday without voting because of the long lines and the ballot shortage . It 's hard to blame them . In the modern world , as others have argued , who reasonably expects to wait in a line for more than an hour for anything ? The one exception is the iPhone , but I doubt even those bleary-eyed , gadget-obsessed people would wait several hours to vote . "  There were older people who had a hard time standing out in the line , " Kratzke told me . "  We tried to bring chairs to people , but we did n't have enough chairs . There were people hurting -- people 80 , 90 years old who were coming in to vote . People with walkers who were n't able to stand that long . " Some precincts in Hawaii that ran out of ballots were those that nonpartisan volunteers like Joe Heaukulani devoted his weekends to canvassing , encouraging people to participate . "  To me , it 's kind of sad , " said Heaukulani , who was a nonvoter into his 30s until a website asked him to make a pledge to vote . "  You put in all this effort to try to get people to turn out  to vote  , and then they have this kind of experience . " Those experiences perpetuate low voter turnout in Hawaii , he said . The state had the nation 's lowest turnout rate in 2008 , making it the focus of CNN 's Change the List project .  It 's still unclear whether the state finished in 49th or 50th place this year  . "  There 's no reason why they should have run out of ballots , " he said . "  I think it 's part of that attitude that perpetuates low voter turnout . ` Well , we do n't expect most people to vote . ' That has to change from the state . Because that goes back to the whole voting experience ... If you want to have more people vote , make it as easy as possible for them to vote . At least have everything there that they need to vote and make sure they have a good time doing it .  Hawaii 's elections office  just like totally messed that up . " The state election office does n't dispute that perspective . "  Our office made errors in the estimates of its allotment of ballots at the polling places in the general election , " said Rex Quidilla , spokesman for the Hawaii Office of Elections . "  That 's the simplest explanation I can give you . It was an error . " Newly drawn voting districts and a miscalculation that only 25 % more people would vote in a presidential race than the primary contributed to the error , Quidilla said . There are some obvious solutions here , including bumping up the number of ballots polling places have on hand , as well as investigating what went wrong with backup plans . Quidilla said ballots or electronic voting machines were provided so that everyone who wanted to could still participate in the election , but one polling place , he said , stayed open two hours and 45 minutes late to accommodate people . "  Election Day is not a surprise . It does not sneak up on us , " said Boyle , from Common Cause . "  You do n't wake up one day and say , ` Hey , today we all vote ! ' It 's as simple as better planning . " Better technology could also go a long way . As Boyle pointed out , it 's impossible in 2012 to expect millions of voters to all go to the polls within a 24-hour period . States , including Hawaii , should do more to encourage early walk-in voting and , eventually , electronic voting . People in New Jersey who were displaced by Superstorm Sandy were allowed this year to vote by e-mail . That 's not ready for prime time nationwide , but we should start investigating those options in a serious way . Finally , a smarter -- or "  modern , " as Boyle put it -- voter registration system also would n't hurt . People in every state should be able to register to vote online , and a national system could make registration automatic when you sign up for other services . A nagging issue in Hawaii , though , still seems to be a lack of confidence in and respect for voters . If the state does n't provide enough ballots , why would someone stand in line ?	23 polling places in Hawaii ran out of ballots State officials sent backups , but some people reportedly left without voting John Sutter : Long lines and missing ballots undermine the process Hawaii says it underestimated the number of voters who would show up
Washington  CNN  -- Forget political pedigree , executive experience or ties to deep-pocketed donors . No Republican presidential candidate is better positioned to capitalize on the recent tide of conservative anger toward President Barack Obama than Michele Bachmann . Her charisma and crossover appeal to both social and fiscal conservatives have the three-term Minnesota congresswoman rising in the polls and primed to make a serious impact on the GOP nomination fight . Bachmann , unlike several of her rivals making appeals to the Tea Party movement , has the resources and fundraising potential to steer her campaign beyond the crucial early states of Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina . Though firmly on the insurgent side of the Republican field , she is also taking steps to position herself as a credible alternative to the crop of establishment-friendly White House contenders with deep pockets and long political resumes . She has hired Sarah Palin 's debate coach . She nabbed Haley Barbour 's pollster . And Bachmann 's campaign organization will be based not in Minnesota , but in Washington , where the coming battle on Capitol Hill over raising the debt ceiling will place her squarely in the middle of the national political debate this summer . Most her rivals , now out of office , will be watching from the sidelines . The question of whether Bachmann can ride these advantages all the way to the Republican nomination will begin to be answered on Monday in Iowa , where she formally launches her presidential bid in Waterloo . That Bachmann was born in Waterloo and lived there until age 12 is fortuitous . Iowa , political observers say , is now key to Bachmann 's chances of becoming president . "  The bad news for Bachmann is that she has to win Iowa , " said Republican strategist Curt Anderson , who is not aligned with any 2012 campaign . "  Without it her campaign is over . The good news for Bachmann is that she can win Iowa . " That much is true . A Des Moines Register poll released over the weekend confirmed what many Iowa Republicans have been proclaiming for months : That barring a late entry into the race by a high-profile conservative like Palin or Texas Gov. Rick Perry , Bachmann might be the Iowa frontrunner . Bachmann captured the support of 22 % of likely caucus-goers in the survey , putting her just one percentage point behind former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , the GOP frontrunner who does not plan to compete as seriously in Iowa as he did during the 2008 race . No other candidate came close to that level of support , including Texas Rep. Ron Paul , former Sen. Rick Santorum , businessman Herman Cain or former House Speaker Newt Gingrich -- all candidates who , like Bachmann , are angling for support among Tea Party activists and social conservatives . Strikingly , former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , who has campaigned in Iowa for more than a year but has struggled to gain traction , took just 6 % . With her showing in the Register poll and an eye-opening performance in the New Hampshire Republican presidential debate earlier this month , the expectations for Bachmann in Iowa are climbing . With little more than seven months until the caucuses , her staff must work to keep them in check . "  The expectations are rising for her , " said Ed Brookover , one of Bachmann 's closest advisers . "  She has to meet or beat expectations , whatever those are next February . " While Bachmann 's team smartly refuses to call Iowa a "  must-win , " they acknowledge that a strong showing in the caucuses is crucial for her campaign . "  The primary process is sort of like the NCAA tournament , " Brookover said . "  You have to survive and advance . That 's what you have to do in these early states in order to do well . That 's a long way of saying Iowa is pretty important for her . " Bachmann has yet to do the kind of face-to-face campaigning that Iowans demand , though that will quickly change as the campaign gets underway . Meanwhile , her staff has been busy laying the groundwork for a competitive race . Her congressional chief of staff , Andy Parrish , re-located to Des Moines in early June . Iowa state Sen. Kent Sorenson , a popular figure among Iowa Tea Party activists , will chair her campaign . Wes Enos , the political director behind Mike Huckabee 's surprising second place finish in the 2007 Ames Straw Poll , is taking on a similar role for Bachmann ahead of this year 's poll , scheduled for August 13 . Out of the view of the media , there is also behind-the-scenes work underway to win over the kind of hard-to-reach grassroots activists who often play an outsized role in the caucuses . Bachmann , for instance , has lined up the backing of influential home-school activist Barb Heki , a board member of the Network of Iowa Christian Home Educators who assisted Huckabee 's winning caucus effort in 2008 and helped the conservative effort to oust three judges from the Iowa Supreme Court last year . In private meetings in recent months , Bachmann has won over influential faith leaders across the state , including Brad Cranston , the pastor of Heritage Baptist Church in Burlington . Cranston runs a group called "  Iowa Baptists for Biblical Values , " a loose network of pastors from around the state . He recalled meeting with Santorum , Paul and Pawlenty early in the presidential process , but said that Bachmann was the only Republican who spoke convincingly about "  the moral issues " that faith-minded voters in Iowa hold dear . "  Michele is what she claims to be , " said Cranston , who manages an e-mail database of politically active churchgoers . "  She will bring the conservative and Christian perspectives back to where they need to be . She will find a lot of support among religious conservatives in the state as things move forward . I think she has it already . " The challenge for Bachmann 's staff if they hope to win more than just Iowa is to broaden her appeal beyond just the conservative activists who seem to have gravitated to her early . Bachmann must defend a thin record during three terms in the Washington , where she is known more for her frequent cable news appearances than for any significant legislative achievement aside from creating the House Tea Party Caucus . And , as aides to her Republican rivals like to point out , her tendency toward gaffes and conspiratorial claims about the president would be problematic , if not fatal , in a general election . Bachmann seems to be aware of this fact , which is why she has assembled a team of veteran political operatives to manage her campaign . She hired Ed Rollins , who directed Ronald Reagan 's landslide re-election bid in 1984 and managed Huckabee 's 2008 effort , to run her operation . Along with loyal advisers like Brookover and fundraising consultant Guy Short , Bachmann has brought on top flight Republican talent like pollster Ed Goeas , who was working with Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour before he declined to seek the nomination , and former George W. Bush and McCain message maven Brett O'Donnell , who coached Palin before her high-stakes vice presidential debate in 2008 . Also aiding Bachmann : veteran consultant Bob Heckman , who has deep ties to the conservative movement , former McCain campaign web guru Becki Donatelli , and Tom McGill , a fundraiser for President George W. Bush 's 2004 campaign and former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani 's 2008 bid . When asked "  Why Michele Bachmann ? , " a common theme emerges in discussions with her advisers , some of whom might have been comfortable working for a more traditional candidate like Pawlenty or Romney . Their argument , as simple as it sounds , is that Bachmann is the only candidate in the field who truly understands the issues and impulses of the Republican voter at a very unconventional moment in American politics . "  After the first debate performance it was obvious that people responded to her in such an overwhelming way , " said Rex Elsass , her Ohio-based media consultant . "  There was a sense that finally someone was speaking to the heart and the core of the party . "	Bachmann is scheduled to launch her presidential bid formally on Monday She has hired Sarah Palin 's debate coach , nabbed Haley Barbour 's pollster Bachmann 's staff challenge is to broaden her appeal beyond conservative activists
CNN  -- The new video released by Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau makes a simple demand : He wo n't release the more than 200 schoolgirls his group abducted from a school northern Nigeria "  until after you release our brethren . " The "  brethren " he refers to include several hundred Boko Haram fighters , including key commanders , currently held in jails in Nigeria , as well as in Niger and Cameroon . It is a demand that he has made before , and a demand that , crucially , the Nigerian government has at least once conceded . Almost exactly a year ago , fighters from Boko Haram entered a dusty town close to the border with Cameroon . They headed for the police station , army barracks and prison buildings . The dawn raid on May 7 , 2013 , on the town of Bama left more than 100 people dead , including many civilians . The Boko Haram fighters freed about 100 inmates from the prison . But -- little reported at the time -- they also abducted about a dozen women and children to use as bargaining chips , according to Jacob Zenn , an analyst with the Jamestown Foundation and long-time observer of Boko Haram . Days after the Bama raid , Boko Haram 's Shekau appeared in a video that showed the hostages . He warned that if Nigerian security forces "  do not release our wives and children , we will not release theirs , " and the hostages would become his "  servants , " according to Zenn , who provided CNN a link to the video . According to Zenn , among the women and children allegedly held by Nigerian authorities were Shekau 's wife and three children , the wife of Boko Haram 's commander in the town of Kano and his children , and the wife of the group 's commander in the town of Sokoto . The tactic appears to have worked . Two weeks later , Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan directed that women and children "  in detention on suspicion of involvement " with Boko Haram would be freed from prison . The hostages held by Boko Haram were released or , according to the official version , "  rescued " by security forces . Zenn told CNN that altogether nearly 100 Boko Haram members and their relatives were set free -- and that Nigerian security sources told him there was a financial payoff by the government to the group to close the deal . It 's now clear that in conceding to a key Boko Haram demand , the Nigerian government was inviting more such abductions . And as Nigeria detained more of the group 's members and sympathizers , Boko Haram 's determination to secure their freedom increased . The video that Shekau recorded after the Bama attack last year has striking similarities to the one obtained by Agence France Presse on Monday -- in which he demands the release of all Boko Haram members in jail in return for the freedom of more than 200 girls kidnapped last month . Zenn said "  Shekau wants all Boko Haram prisoners freed because they because they will have renewed loyalty to him , and him alone " after internal rifts in 2012 and 2013 . "  And the militants freed from prison will allow Boko Haram to benefit from their bomb-making and kidnapping skills to launch new and fiercer attacks in Nigeria , Cameroon and the border region , " he said . A behind-the-scenes payment could help the group recruit members and purchase weapons , as well as buy "  loyalty from tribal elders in the Nigeria-Cameroon border area , " Zenn said . Boko Haram has additional reasons to believe kidnapping can be lucrative . Early last year , a group of its fighters crossed into Cameroon and abducted a French family on safari . Shekau showed off the family -- just like he has shown off other hostages -- in video obtained by AFP in March 2013 . "  We are holding them hostage because the leaders of Cameroon and Nigeria detained our women and children under inhumane conditions , " he said . After secret negotiations between Shekau and the Cameroonian government  through intermediaries  , Boko Haram released the family near the Nigerian-Cameroon border -- reportedly in exchange for a $ 3 million ransom and the release of 16 Boko Haram prisoners held in Cameroon . By resolving the current crisis and securing the girls ' freedom , the government would likely be sowing the seeds of another . But by pursuing the military option , it could endanger the lives of many of the girls , who are thought to have been split into groups and possibly smuggled across the border into Cameroon and Chad . Even if the Nigerian military tracks down and frees one group , Boko Haram might take revenge by killing others . As for its longer-term goals , Shekau said Boko Haram will not negotiate a cease-fire until it "  brings the Nigerian government to its knees . " In terms of a political settlement in return for an end to violence , Boko Haram has not outlined its goals . Zenn believes the group "  would likely demand a de-facto Taliban-like Islamic State in some portion of northeastern Nigeria and the border region , " a demand that would be unpalatable to the federal government because it would damage the already shaky integrity of Africa 's most populous nation . But Zenn said it 's notable that in the latest video , the girls  at least some of whom are likely Christians  are forced to wear the hijab and that a flag behind them is typical of al Qaeda affiliates . "  The appearance of them ` unharmed ' makes it look like Boko Haram is doing this for legitimate Islamic purposes to win a prisoner exchange -- as opposed to sex slavery . " In the video , Shekau states : "  Everything that we are doing is in the Quran and in the Hadith  sayings attributed to the Prophet Mohammed .  " Many have objected to that assessment and last year a group called Civilian Joint Task Force -- set up to counter Boko Haram in northern Nigeria -- said they rescued 26 abducted women and girls , some of whom were pregnant , or had given birth , according to Human Rights Watch . "  Many girls who were rescued or had escaped were sent off by their families to distant cities like Abuja and Lagos to avoid the stigma of rape or pregnancy outside of marriage , " activists said , according to a report from Human Rights Watch . According to the Human Rights Watch report , residents of Maiduguri said that on several occasions , members of Boko Haram forcefully abducted several teenage girls . HRW quoted one man who had documented such cases : "  After storming into the homes and throwing sums of money at their parents , with a declaration that it was the dowry for their teenage daughter , they would take the girls away . " Another said : When we made Maiduguri "  too hot " for Boko Haram , they ran away without their wives . "  Now they are picking up women anywhere and using them to satisfy themselves . "	Boko Haram demands release of its fighters for return of abducted Nigerian schoolgirls Boko Haram has kidnapped before and Nigeria has conceded at least once A raid on a town last year freed inmates , and Boko Haram took about a dozen hostages Nigeria freed wives and children of Boko Haram members in return for the hostages
CNN  A massive fire at a New Jersey midrise that consumed 240 apartments and permanently displaced up to 500 residents has been ruled accidental , authorities said . Edgewater Police Chief William Skidmore said the fire was accidentally started by building workers , CNN affiliate WABC reported . "  Our hearts go out to everyone who was affected by this ; it was a long and challenging night , " Edgewater Mayor Michael McPartland said during a Thursday morning press conference . "  The fire is contained and under control . " An additional 520 residents from nearby buildings were temporarily affected , McPartland said . Two residents and two firefighters suffered minor injuries , but no one was reported missing , the mayor said . Some pets , however , could not be rescued , he said . Edgewater Fire Chief Tom Jacobson said the blaze broke out around 4:30 p.m. Wednesday at the Avalon at Edgewater , along the Hudson River across from Manhattan . More than 200 firefighters battled to bring the fire under control as the flames shot high into the sky . "  We arrived on scene and we encountered the sprinkler system going off and smoke conditions on the first floor , " Jacobson said . "  I sent in crews to check what was going on ; we had heavy fire on the ceiling . " Most residents were not home when the fire began , but some found themselves trapped in the blaze . "  The fire conditions were getting worse . It was in the floors and it just traveled , " Jacobson said . "  We had crews on three floors . We had the task of dealing with multiple rescues on different floors because the smoke had traveled through the building , and we had to evacuate the people . We had people stuck on back balconies . We had ladders removing the victims from the balconies , and the fire just took off . " Authorities established services for affected residents at a local community center , McPartland said . 2 bodies found in ruins of burned Annapolis mansion The Edgewater School District shut down schools in the area and told residents to stay away . McPartland declared a local state of emergency .	Massive apartment fire accidentally started by workers , police chief says Up to 500 residents homeless after 240 units burned in Edgewater , New Jersey , official says Some 520 other residents temporarily displaced from nearby buildings
CNN  -- Tuesday , January 19 10:37 p.m. -- Two children were pulled alive Tuesday night from the rubble of a two-story building in Port-au-Prince . The 8-year-old boy and 10-year-old girl , rescued by a team from the New York City fire and police departments , were taken to an Israeli tent hospital . 10:31 p.m. -- Rescue teams on Tuesday stopped searching the rubble of Port-au-Prince 's Caribbean Supermarket , where five people were rescued over the weekend . "  You have to accept the realization that the potential for survivability is extremely low , " said Capt. Joe Zahralban of the South Florida Urban Search and Rescue team . "  It gets to a point where you can only risk the rescuers ' life so much before you say , we do n't think there is anybody left . " 10:25 p.m. -- Heavy traffic is making the 200-mile drive from the Dominican capital of Santo Domingo to the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince take as long as 18 hours , a United Nations situation report says . This is hampering groups ' ability to send aid from the Dominican Republic to areas in need in Haiti . 8:53 p.m. -- Although aid organization Doctors Without Borders is "  facing huge problems " in receiving supplies , it is doing what it can to get work done , said Renzo Fricke , the group 's chief of Haiti operations . "  This morning we had to buy a saw in the market , in the city ... for our surgeons to do amputations , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday . "  We had to buy a saw because our materials -- the medical equipment is not coming as it should arrive . " Bottlenecks at Port-au-Prince 's small airport has been a problem for aid groups since the earthquake ; Doctors Without Borders says that five of its supply planes have been diverted from Haiti to the Dominican Republic since January 14 . 8:40 p.m. -- Ena Zizi , the woman in her 70s who was rescued from rubble in Port-au-Prince today , has been airlifted by a U.S. Coast Guard helicopter to the USS Bataan , CNN 's Ivan Watson reports . Earlier , she was being treated at a clinic , but it did n't have the operating facilities she needed . 8:24 p.m. -- At a candlelight vigil outside the Haitian Embassy in Washington , D.C. , Haitian Ambassador Raymond Joseph urges people to donate money for Haiti as opposed to supplies . "  It is more cumbersome to transport all these things from here in Washington , D.C. , all the way to Port-au-Prince , " he said . 7:26 p.m. -- Retired U.S. Army Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , who led relief efforts for Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , says "  we need to start talking about evacuating the vulnerable population " -- including those who are injured , elderly , pregnant and disabled . "  We need to talk about a mass evacuation , and we need to tell the United States military to open two more airports . ... We 've got the capability to do it , we need somebody in Washington to wake up and make it happen , and we ca n't wait for the U.N. to figure out it needs to be done , " Honore said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " 5:44 p.m. -- Doctors at a makeshift , outdoor hospital in Jacmel , Haiti , say they need more specialists , including orthopedic doctors and anesthesiologists , CNN 's Soledad O'Brien reports . The doctors currently there say they 're approaching the limits of what they can do for the 75 patients , some of whom have broken limbs and head injuries that need further treatment . 5:25 p.m. -- The mayor of Washington , D.C. , says the city will help the Haitian Embassy there handle the flood of phone calls and donations it has been receiving since the January 12 earthquake in Haiti . Mayor Adrian Fenty says the city is opening a "  command center " at the embassy that will add 20 phone lines and laptop computers to assist with communication efforts , CNN 's Greg Clary reports . 5:07 p.m. -- Medical personnel treating Ena Zizi , who was rescued today from rubble in Port-au-Prince , say she needs surgery but they do n't know where to send her for one , CNN 's Anderson Cooper reports . The people at the clinic where she 's being treated are trying to find a surgical unit . Zizi , believed to be in her 70s , did not have access to food or water in the seven days since the quake , Cooper reports . 4:51 p.m. -- A U.S. Air Force plane is broadcasting radio messages urging Haitians not to attempt ocean voyages to the United States , saying they will be intercepted and turned back home if they do , CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers and Mike Mount report . "  It is part of the U.S. effort to help keep Haitians safe . We do n't want people to endanger their lives by taking risk to try to get to the U.S. at this time , " State Department deputy spokesman Gordon Duguid said . Haitians who have valid visas can come to the United States on commercial flights . Read 4:36 p.m. -- About 2,000 U.S. troops are in Haiti , and more than 5,000 are just off-shore on U.S. ships , said Maj. Gen. Daniel Allyn , the deputy commander of Joint Task Force Unified Response . He said the U.S. military anticipated eventually having an "  aggregate strength " about 10,000 troops . 4:33 p.m. -- Regarding the scores of U.S. soldiers who landed on the grounds of the ruined presidential palace in Port-au-Prince today : Some of them moved to the capital 's general hospital , which is without electricity or running water . "  Our primary purpose is in getting to the population , whether it be the distribution of water , food , or , in this case , where they 've got medical treatment going on and they 're overwhelmed , " Lt. Gen. P.K. Keen , head of U.S. Southern Command , told CNN at the hospital . He said the troops were providing some security there . 4:11 p.m. -- A clarification on the death toll : At least 72,000 bodies have been recovered since the earthquake , and that does n't include bodies buried by families or collected by the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Haiti , Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive says . Some death toll estimates range from 100,000 to 150,000 in the capital alone . 3:58 p.m. -- In rubble not far from where Zizi was rescued today , a German team is looking for two people it believes are still alive , CNN 's Anderson Cooper reports . The team was drawn there by a text message that was believed sent from beneath the debris . Watch 3:54 p.m. -- The newly rescued woman , Ena Zizi , said , "  Thank God , thank God , " after being rescued , CNN 's Anderson Cooper reports . She was taken to a nearby medical center in Port-au-Prince . A Mexican search-and-rescue team pulled her from the rubble . 3:24 p.m. -- The woman rescued Tuesday  see 3:08 p.m. entry  is Ena Zizi . Her son , Maxime Janvier , told CNN that he never gave up hope that she 'd be found . "  We were praying a lot for that to happen , " he said . Watch 3:08 p.m. -- A woman was rescued Tuesday from rubble at or near the national cathedral in Port-au-Prince , seven days after the earthquake struck , CNN 's Anderson Cooper reports . Rescuers believe two other people might be alive in the rubble , Cooper reports . 3:03 p.m. -- Twenty-eight Americans have been confirmed dead in Haiti since last week 's earthquake , according to U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley . "  We have an additional number that are presumed dead , but ... we 're still looking for specific confirmation , " he said . About 4,500 U.S. citizens have been evacuated from Haiti , he said . 2:58 p.m. -- Haitian authorities have recorded 70,000 deaths since last week 's magnitude 7 earthquake outside Port-au-Prince , its prime minister says . 12:53 p.m. -- A 2-year-old girl named Carla opened her eyes Tuesday while being treated at a Cuban-run field hospital after being rescued from rubble on Monday , six days after Haiti 's earthquake . 12:50 p.m. -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the United Nations Security Council has approved a proposal to send an additional 2,000 soldiers and 1,500 police officers to Haiti . 11:05 a.m. -- As of Monday , charities had raised more than $ 210 million in donations for Haiti earthquake relief , according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy , a newspaper covering nonprofit organizations . The estimate is based on a survey of 25 charities contributing the largest amounts of money to Haiti . How you can help 10:23 a.m. -- Several helicopters from the U.S. Army 's 82nd Airborne Division landed Tuesday on the grounds of the ruined presidential palace in Port-au-Prince . It was not immediately clear what their mission was . Share your earthquake stories 9:58 a.m. -- A magnitude 5.8 earthquake struck off the coast of the Cayman Islands , 600 miles west of Haiti , on Tuesday morning , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . There were reports of weak to light shaking on Grand Cayman Island , according to the USGS . 9:50 a.m. -- About 50 Haitian orphans , including infants , arrived Tuesday at a Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , airport and will be taken to Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh , where adoptive parents are expected to greet them . The children were accompanied on the flight by Pennsylvania Gov. Edward Rendell , several doctors and a few members of Congress . Read more 9:20 a.m. -- Haiti 's fledgling tourism industry was showing glimmers of promise before the earthquake struck . Story 7:36 a.m. -- The American Red Cross and UNICEF 's United States Fund raised about $ 7.3 million in donations from 8 p.m. to midnight , while "  Haiti : How You Can Help , " a special "  Larry King Live , " aired on CNN . 7:13 a.m. -- Nearly 500,000 people have encamped in a tent city in the Champs de Mars square in downtown Port-au-Prince , the largest of numerous tent cities scattered throughout the ruined city . iReport.com : Looking for loved ones 6:02 a.m. -- About 50 orphans who survived last week 's earthquake are expected to arrive in Pennsylvania aboard a military transport plane at 9 a.m. ET . In Florida , where evacuees have been ferried in since Saturday , more flights from Haiti are scheduled for Tuesday . Officials at Orlando Sanford International Airport expect arrivals for the next two weeks . Follow daily developments : January 12 Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday Monday	Read Twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in Haiti Read CNN.com 's complete special coverage of the Haiti earthquake iReport : Looking for loved ones
Four years after hosting the 2008 Summer Games , Beijing 's Olympic legacy appears to be a lasting one . "  Beijingers are still steeped in the Olympic spirit , " noted my daughter Michelle , 21 , who is visiting Beijing for the summer . She grew up here and saw the city host the sporting showpiece . As a 17-year-old high school student , she took part in the Olympic torch relay a few days before the Games opened spectacularly in the National Stadium , an iconic structure fashioned after a bird 's nest . "  The sports facilities seem a bit run down now but the space is still being used , " she reported after a recent trip to the Olympic village . "  The Bird 's Nest is now a tourist spot and holds sports and entertainment events . "  The Water Cube now has a water park open to the public for a fee , " she added , referring the National Swimming Center designed to look like a blue cube . Michelle says the Chinese are supportive of London , which will host the 2012 Games this summer . "  They have huge ads promoting the London Olympics , " she said . "  They even have a double-decker bus inside the Water Cube and I saw many visitors take pictures beside it . " With the London Games just one month away , China watchers ask : What legacy did the Olympics leave in Beijing ? "  The legacy is bad and good , " opined James McGregor , a senior adviser at communications firm APCO in China , and a long-time resident of Beijing . "  The bad side is that China now has very expensive white elephant facilities to maintain with government money because they ca n't quite allow themselves to properly commercialize them . "  The good side is individual participation in sports and it is now considered important to a healthy lifestyle . " Beijingers are proud to have pulled it off despite earlier skepticism and criticism . "  It 's been generally positive , " said Zhang Wenjia , a 36-year-old taxi driver . "  Infrastructure is much better , more tourists are coming and business remains good . " China has avoided a post-Olympic slump , largely because of the scale , momentum and potential of its juggernaut economy . With or without the 2008 Games , many observers agree China would have changed rapidly anyway . Opinion : China has room to grow Still , they credit the Olympics as a catalyst of change . "  The legacy left behind by the Olympics is multifaceted , from hardware to software , " said Wang Hui , director of the Beijing Information Office , and one of the official spokespeople of the 2008 Games . She credits it for speeding up the modernization of the city 's infrastructure , from roads to telecoms , to subway lines . "  In 2001 , when Beijing won its bid to host , our subway network was only 60 kilometers long , " she explained . "  In 2008 , it reached 200 km . At the end of 2011 , it has grown to 372 km . We plan to expand it to 660 km by 2015 . " She also spoke proudly of Terminal 3 at the Beijing Capital International Airport , an ultramodern terminal shaped like a dragon . Over the years , it has relieved the overloaded airport 's other two terminals . "  T3 is now the world 's biggest stand-alone airport terminal , capable of holding 66 million passengers a year -- the third largest in the world , " Wang Hui said . Inbound tourism remains robust , thanks to the massive media exposure China got before and during the 17-day jamboree . The Games gave China a chance to use its cultural and historical legacy to attract people who would normally not travel to China . Who can forget the spectacular shows that film impressario Zhang Yimou staged during the opening and closing ceremonies of the Games ? Wang Hui said the city 's "  software " has improved too . "  People 's habits are changing , " she said . "  More and more residents are learning English . Beijing has become more cosmopolitan , more international . The Olympics has boosted our national pride and China 's image overseas . " Scott Kronick , Ogilvy Public Relation 's North Asia president , agrees . "  The world had a chance to see a different China from the one that is making the headline news , " he said . "  I think it is fair to say the Games allowed China to be perceived in a different frame . " The frames these days show China in a state of flux -- changing rapidly , prosperous and strong , but also facing intractable problems . "  The Games helped China become more integrated into the world and with that comes different and higher expectations , like transparency , ensuring level playing fields and more , " added Kronick , who has advised Chinese and multinational clients during the Olympics . But Beijing 's modernization drive , hastened by the Olympics , has come at a price . This includes the displacement of countless residents and the disappearance of the famed hutongs -- the city 's old streets and closely knit neighborhoods , many of which have been torn down to make way for new avenues and skyscrapers . Photographer Xu Yong , who has published a picture book on Beijing hutongs , noted wryly : "  When I photographed the hutongs in 1989 , Beijing still had over 2,000 hutongs . Now , there are only 200 honest-to-goodness hutongs left . " Another price of rapid development is pollution . China air pollution : ` Slightly polluted ' or ` hazardous ' ? Beijing residents have become more aware of environment issues , but many "  green " projects remain unfinished . The city has allocated billions of dollars to tackle environmental issues , hoping to cut back coal-burning pollution , prevent sandstorms through reforestation , and create a greener and cleaner Beijing . But four years after the Games , Beijing 's pollution indexes are still hitting record highs . Quite often , tourists drawn to the Bird 's Nest find it shrouded by a thick film of grime . In 2007 , a year before the Games , China also promised greater press freedom for foreign journalists covering China , saying they would be allowed to travel freely across most of the country and interview people with getting official approval . China has mostly lived up to that promise , but erratically . In recent months , foreign reporters have encountered a number of obstacles , especially in sensitive areas like the Tiananmen Square protests anniversary , Tibet and unrest in Xinjiang . China still routinely blocks internet access and locks up whistle-blowing journalists , bloggers and dissidents . For good or for ill , Beijing is changing fast . Its image now is light years away from the one I witnessed when I first arrived here 40 years ago . But for all its faults and imperfections , Beijing remains a charming and dynamic city . Is there any Beijing Olympics-related goal that has not panned out ? I asked former Games spokeswoman Wang Hui . "  If you mean yet unfulfilled goals , " she replied , "  it 's that our national football team has yet to meet the expectations of our citizens . "	Analyst : Beijing has many expensive white elephant facilities from 2008 Olympic Games The summer games ' legacy has also been positive with more people playing sport FlorCruz : Many Beijingers remain proud of having hosted the sporting showpiece Evidence of strong support in China for the 2012 Olympic Games in London
She has said it before . Now she 's saying it again . "  Zero Dark Thirty " filmmaker Kathryn Bigelow has written at length in an essay published in the LA Times about the scenes of torture featured in the movie , insisting once more than "  depiction is not endorsement . " The controversy has dogged the movie for weeks as politicians and pundits attacked the movie , which was based on screenwriter/producer Mark Boal 's interviews with intelligence and military sources , for showing CIA agents beating and torturing suspects who later give up information that leads to Osama bin Laden . In the essay , Bigelow declares herself to be a pacifist who abhors the so-called "  enhanced interrogation techniques " the movie shows , but says she felt obliged to put on screen the gruesome details of what was done in the name of counter-terrorism . An excerpt : "  First of all : I support every American 's 1st Amendment right to create works of art and speak their conscience without government interference or harassment . As a lifelong pacifist , I support all protests against the use of torture , and , quite simply , inhumane treatment of any kind . But I do wonder if some of the sentiments alternately expressed about the film might be more appropriately directed at those who instituted and ordered these U.S. policies , as opposed to a motion picture that brings the story to the screen . Those of us who work in the arts know that depiction is not endorsement . If it was , no artist would be able to paint inhumane practices , no author could write about them , and no filmmaker could delve into the thorny subjects of our time . " This comes at a critical time for the movie , which just opened nationally last weekend , coming in at first place with $ 24 million at the box office . It 's also a strong contender for several Oscars , including best original screenplay for Boal , best actress for star Jessica Chastain , and best picture -- although Bigelow was snubbed in the directing category . Her essay in the LA Times expresses things she has already stated several times . "  I 'm not sure I have anything new to add , but I can try to be concise and clear , " she wrote . Can this help at the box office ? Does it need to if it 's already faring well ? Will this satisfy Academy voters who may be troubled by the criticism ? We 'll see as it plays out . Right now , the only certainty is that sometimes in an echo chamber , you have to repeat yourself . See the original article at EW.com .	"  Zero Dark Thirty " filmmaker Kathryn Bigelow writes about the scenes of torture in the movie Bigelow insists that "  depiction is not endorsement " The controversy has dogged the movie for weeks as politicians and pundits attacked the movie
CNN  -- Coach Sergio Batista has paid the price for Argentina 's unsuccessful 2011 Copa America campaign after having his contract canceled on Monday . Expectations had been high with Argentina hosting the tournament and seeking a record 15th title , but "  La Albiceleste " lost on penalties in the quarterfinals to neighbors Uruguay -- who went on to claim that milestone instead . Batista , a World Cup winner as a player in 1986 , replaced the iconic Diego Maradona as coach in July 2010 , having previously guided his country 's Olympic team to a gold medal at the 2008 Beijing Games . The Argentine Football Association  AFA  hopes to announce a successor to the 48-year-old former Argentinos Juniors boss within a week . Copa America flops : Who is to blame ? "  The national teams committee has decided to rescind the contract that attached Mr. Batista with the Argentinian Football Association , " AFA spokesman Ernesto Cherquis Bialo told reporters . "  In a very good-natured , mature telephone conversation , Mr. Batista and Mr. Julio Grondona  the AFA president  talked and Batista left his situation in the hands of the AFA . "  Batista is a man who does not need any explanation . He talked to the AFA president and allowed him to decide whatever he considers the right thing . " Cherquis Bialo said the AFA would now take time to consider potential candidates to replace Batista . "  In the upcoming seven days , we hope we can reveal the name of the new coach . The candidates ' names will be evaluated by the national teams committee , " he said . The main objective for the new head coach will be qualification for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil , a campaign which begins on October 7 with a home match against Chile . Also at Monday 's press conference , the AFA announced sweeping changes to the structure of league football in Argentina . Has Argentine football reached crisis point ? The country 's top division currently consists of 20 teams , with each year split into two championship seasons . Each team plays each other once to decide the winner of the first competition , known as the Apertura , with the return fixtures making up the second championship , the Clausura . However , the new regulations with see the country 's top two divisions combined from the start of the 2012-13 campaign to create a 38-team league . The new format will see teams compete for the title over a full season , eliminating the Apertura and Clausura system . It is also spells the end of the Primera Division 's current relegation format , which sees teams relegated based on their points over three Apertura and Clausura seasons . The 33-time national champions River Plate suffered relegation under the current rules for the first time in their history in June , and CNN correspondent Brian Byrnes believe the plight of the Buenos Aires outfit may have brought about these changes . "  A lot of people reacted very badly to that , " Byrnes said of River 's relegation . "  They knew a lot of lost revenue was going to come as a result of River playing in the B league . "  So we 're hearing that authorities both at the AFA and even the Argentine government were involved in the decision to combine the two leagues . "  It 's not clear yet how they are going to sort out the scoring or how it is going to affect international competitions , such as they Copa Libertadores and the Copa Sudamericana . "	Argentine FA rescinds the contract of national coach Sergio Batista Batista sacked after Argentina lose in the quarterfinals of the recent Copa America The 48-year-old replaced former teammate Diego Maradona after 2010 World Cup AFA also announce changes to the structure of league football in the country
CNN  -- New publisher Nollybooks is taking chick-lit and adapting it for a South African audience , with a series of romance novels by , and for , young black women . Nigeria 's Nollywood film industry has revolutionized African cinema , and Nollybooks is hoping to do the same for South African publishing . Nigeria-born Moky Makura is a writer and TV presenter . When it came to starting her own publishing company , she made it her mission to get young women reading again . "  There are lots of aliterate people in South Africa , " she said . "  They can read but do n't read . "  There is n't really a culture of reading here . The book buying public is white middle class women and I wanted to change that . " But like any good story there 's a twist -- it 's romance without the smut . As Makura argues , "  You do n't need sex to have good storytelling . " Makura says she took the decision to make the books sex free because it was a more responsible approach . "  Because of the market we are selling to and because of the issues in Africa with AIDS and sex as a whole we did n't think it was important , " she said . Novels in South Africa generally do n't sell very well . A fiction book need only sell 5,000 copies to be considered a best seller . South African journalist and author Fred Khumalo says most South Africans ca n't afford to buy books and there is no culture of reading for leisure . That 's why Nollybooks come with another twist . Rather than use a traditional book format , they are in the form of "  bookazines , " which include word puzzles and quizzes in their pages , and have a glossary of difficult words at the back . Makura said the aim was to make reading entertaining and fun -- quite a challenge in South Africa , where she says the commonly held perception is that books are purely educational . "  I see Nollybooks as almost having a soap opera in your hand , " Makura explained . In the world of Nollybooks the heroines are strong , confident , ambitious and know what they want . Titles include "  Unfashionably in Love , " about a fashion intern trying to attract the attention of her boss and "  Looking for Mr. Right , " which tells a cautionary tale of the internet dating game . Makura says it is important that young Africans have positive role models to whom they can relate . "  We need African role models that have achieved things and did n't have to grow up in the West . "  Even though the heroes in the books are fictional our books are written to a formula and one of them is that the heroines are strong and not the typical Mills & Boon slutty woman . " The company also wants to nurture young talent and many of its writers have never had a book published before . Cheryl Ntumy , who is in her 20s and from Botswana , wrote "  Looking for Mr. Right . " "  A lot of my friends were getting married and I found myself in a situation where I was still single so that got me thinking about writing a story , " she said . "  Internet dating is also something a lot of people talk about here so I decided to combine the two . "  I was really trying to evoke girl power , an independent woman 's message , because a lot of women in Africa have a strong sense of marriage and family and I felt it important for women to know that they did n't have to become that person and that it 's okay to be single . " Johannesburg-based English teacher Joan Buchanan says many of her pupils do n't enjoy reading traditional novels because they struggle with context and vocabulary . She is convinced the Nollybooks stories are just what they need to develop a love for reading . "  This is for me such a wonderful hand up because I do n't have to say anything -- I 'll let them sample the book and they 'll do their own magic , " she said . The success of Nollywood movies has shown that Africans hunger for their own stories and homegrown heroes , and Makura says it 's time books provided them . "  South Africans need more heroes , fiction and non-fiction , and we need to be creating and reading our own content , " she said .	Nollybooks produces romance novels aimed at young South African women Founder says her mission is to get young women to read There is no sex in the novels because of the high incidence of AIDS in South Africa Nollybooks are in the form of "  bookazines , " with word puzzles and a glossary
CNN  -- A camera pans slowly over a row of children partly under a sheet , their eyes closed , their skin looking sallow . A man behind them , crazy with anger , shouts , "  Stop lying to us ! Stop lying ! Where did all these children go ? Where is this regime ... that is killing us ? "  Chemical weapons , " he screams , holding his head . "  We were hit with chemical weapons ! " Inside a medical area , it 's chaos . Footage shows people carrying limp bodies , some haphazardly covered in sheets , others splayed , nearly nude , on the floor . A man is on his back , staring blankly upward , his chest convulsing violently . Others hold tissues to their mouth , appearing to gag . These were some of the videos posted online that opposition activists in Syria say show that the government has used chemical weapons in the countryside outside its capital Damascus . The allegations come as a U.N. group arrived in Syria this week to determine whether either side in the conflict is using chemical weapons . Hours after the videos were reported on across international news , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's spokesperson issued a statement saying that he was "  shocked " by the reports . The U.N. mission is "  fully engaged in the investigation process " and the team , which began work Monday , "  is in discussions " with the Syrian government , " the statement read . "  The Secretary-General reiterates that any use of chemical weapons by any side under any circumstances would violate international humanitarian law . " Syrian activists have been pushing since March 2011 to oust President Bashar al-Assad . CNN could not immediately verify where or when the videos were recorded , and could not authenticate the number killed or injured . The war has killed more than 100,000 people and displaced millions , according to the United Nations . There have been repeated allegations that chemical weapons were being used during the course of the conflict . On Wednesday Al-Assad 's government denied the allegations , calling them "  completely baseless " on Syria 's state-run media . Initially Syrian opposition groups claimed that hundreds were killed Wednesday , but as the day wore on , the number went up -- more than 1,300 people , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees and the Syrian National Council . The council is an umbrella group of anti-regime activists . A senior Obama administration official said the United States had no official confirmation that chemical weapons were used in recent attacks in Syria . "  If true , it would be further evidence of unconscionable brutality by a desperate man and a desperate regime , " the official said . The White House released a statement about the allegations saying that the U.S. is "  deeply concerned by reports " that chemical weapons were used " and that officials are "  working urgently to gather additional information . " "  The United States strongly condemns any and all use of chemical weapons , " it reads . "  Those responsible for the use of chemical weapons must be held accountable . Today , we are formally requesting that the United Nations urgently investigate this new allegation . " The U.S. urged that the U.N. team be given "  immediate access to witnesses and affected individuals , and have the ability to examine and collect physical evidence without any interference or manipulation from the Syrian government . "  If the Syrian government has nothing to hide and is truly committed to an impartial and credible investigation of chemical weapons use in Syria , it will facilitate the UN team 's immediate and unfettered access to this site . " "  We are aware of the reports  of chemical weapons  , and we are trying to find out more , " U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said Wednesday . The alleged attacks took place in eastern and western Ghouta , rebel strongholds that the regime has been desperately trying to take back for more than a year . They do n't want rebels pushing into the capital . "  The inspectors will not come , " said a resident who did n't want his name used . "  If they wanted to come , they would have come a long time ago . "  The Assad regime determines where the inspectors go , and they will not let them go there . There is already a siege around eastern Ghouta from the Assad regime . " Syria strikes refugee camp in northern Lebanon Russian officials , meanwhile , dismissed the claims of chemical weapons as a "  provocation planned in advance , " Russian Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich told Interfax news agency . "  The fact that agenda-driven regional mass media have begun an aggressive attack at once , as if on command , laying all the responsibility on the government , draws attention , " the reports quotes Lukashevich saying in a statement Wednesday . "  The fact that the criminal action near Damascus was carried out just when the mission of UN experts to investigate the statements on possible chemical weapons use there has successfully begun its work in Syria points to this , " according to the report . Hundreds reported dead The injured started streaming in shortly after predawn prayers , said Dr. Abu Said at a field hospital in Sakba , east of Damascus . Forty of the 200 people brought to the field hospital died , Said said . A man who referred to himself as a volunteer first responder , Abu Gazi , said he heard rockets unlike any he 'd heard before . He went to Zamalka , the closest area to him that was hit . Over a few hours , his vision blurred , and eventually he lost vision and felt paralyzed , he said . Abu Gazi said he was with a doctor at a field hospital in Arbeen who reported 300 people dead and 500 wounded . The symptoms , he said , included unconsciousness , foaming from the nose and mouth , constricted pupils , fast heartbeat and difficulty breathing . People died of asphyxiation , he said . Bashar al-Assad is all smiles on his new Instagram account Countries express concern British Foreign Secretary William Hague called on the Syrian government to give access to the U.N. team . "  I am deeply concerned by reports that hundreds of people , including children , have been killed in airstrikes and a chemical weapons attack on rebel-held areas near Damascus , " he said . "  These reports are uncorroborated and we are urgently seeking more information . But it is clear that if they are verified , it would mark a shocking escalation in the use of chemical weapons in Syria . " The French Foreign Ministry said it did n't have independent confirmation that an attack took place as rebels claim , but it said those responsible for the alleged chemical weapons attack "  will be held accountable . " "  France also calls for light to be shed on the alleged use of chemical weapons in the attacks , " the ministry said . In denying the use of chemical weapons , a Syrian government spokesman said the reports were an "  attempt to divert the U.N. chemical weapons investigation commission away from carrying out its duties , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . Separately , Information Minister Omran al-Zoubi was quoted by SANA as saying that the government did not and would not use such weapons -- in the case they even exist . "  Everything that has been said is absurd , primitive , illogical and fabricated , " he said on state TV . "  What we say is what we mean : there is no use of such things  chemical weapons  at all , at least not by the Syrian army or the Syrian state , and it 's easy to prove and it is not that complicated . " Chemical weapons frightful , relatively inexpensive Fingerpointing on both sides In June , the White House said al-Assad 's forces had crossed a "  red line " by using chemical weapons , including the nerve agent sarin gas , against rebel forces . This prompted the U.S. government to begin providing military support to opposition fighters , despite its earlier reluctance . Syria 's government , meanwhile , has claimed rebel fighters have used chemical weapons as well . That includes a March incident in Khan al-Asal in the northern province of Aleppo , according to state media . Opposition officials have said rebels do n't have access to chemical weapons or the missiles needed to use them in an attack , while other rebel leaders said Syrian troops fired "  chemical rockets " at civilians and opposition forces . The government has agreed to arrangements "  essential for cooperation to ensure the proper , safe and efficient conduct of the mission , " the U.N. secretary-general 's office said last week . Khan al-Asal will be one of the three incidents that U.N. inspectors will look into , a U.N. official said in late July . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights called on Ban on Wednesday "  to apply all pressure within his powers to pressure the Syrian regime , " according to a statement on Facebook . "  We assure the world that silence and inaction in the face of such gross and large-scale war crimes , committed in this instance by the Syrian regime , will only embolden the criminals to continue in this path . The international community is thus complicit in these crimes because of its polirazation , silence and inability to work on a settlement that would lead to the end of the daily bloodshed in Syria , " it said . Syrian refugees stream into Iraq CNN 's Arwa Damon , Yousuf Basil , John King , Saad Abedine , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Bharati Naik , Bryony Jones and Mohamed Aly contributed to this report .	NEW : An opposition group accuses the international community of being complicit The U.S. ca n't officially confirm a chemical weapons attack , an official said The Syrian government denies using chemical weapons British , French governments acknowledge reports are n't verified but express concerns
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Spanish police arrested 12 people Thursday on suspicion of Islamic terrorist activities , authorities said . Firefighters extricating bodies from one of the trains that exploded near Atocha station , Madrid , in 2004 . Eight of them , all Moroccans , were arrested early Thursday . They are suspected of providing cover for five fugitives from the Madrid train bombings four years ago and also of involvement in financing and recruiting of Islamic terrorists , according to the ministry statement and a judicial source . Later Thursday , police arrested four more people -- three Moroccans and an Algerian -- in their prison cells for similar charges . Additional details about those four were not immediately released . The operation was conducted on orders of Judge Baltasar Garzon , an investigating magistrate at Spain 's National Court , which handles cases of terrorism . The suspects range in age from 23 to 56 . Four are from Tangiers , just across the Mediterranean from mainland Spain , and the others from elsewhere in Morocco , the ministry said . The Madrid train bombing took place on March 11 , 2004 , killed 191 people and wounded 1,800 . In the days and months that followed , police arrested a number of suspects in and around Madrid , but determined that a small number of suspects had escaped . Authorities have long suspected that they had help getting out of the area with the assistance of a secretive group of accomplices . The main Madrid train bombing trail ended in 2007 with the convictions of 23 men . Five of them were later acquitted by the Supreme Court . A small number of other suspects have yet to stand trial . Since the bombings , Spanish police have arrested dozens of Islamic terror suspects , who are accused of activities ranging from plotting attacks to providing financing to recruitment .	Those held suspected of providing cover for fugitives from Madrid train bombings Charges also cover involvement in financing and recruiting Islamic terrorism Madrid train bombing took place on March 11 , 2004 , killed 191 people The subsequent trial ended in 2007 with the convictions of 23 men
CNN  -- The police department in Keene , New Hampshire , wants to identify and prosecute the people who threw objects at police , overturned a car , set fires and engaged in other "  riotous behavior " Saturday and Sunday at the city 's annual Pumpkin Festival , the city government said Monday . The fire department treated 30 people for injuries , mostly those hit by thrown objects , law enforcement authorities said at a news conference . Full bottles and cans of alcohol and even billiard balls were hurled through the air , police said . People shouted expletives at officers , started fires in the road and flipped over a vehicle , Keene Police Chief Kenneth Meola said . Crowds were so hostile that firefighters had trouble reaching the injured , he said . Eighty-four people were arrested over the weekend , Meola said , and more arrests are expected . Police said high school and college students used social media to spread word about the event , held near Keene State College . The school 's president , Anne Huot said some outside the community had billed the event "  as a destination for destructive and raucous behavior . " Steven French , 18 , who was visiting from Haverhill , Massachusetts , described the chaotic scene to the local paper , The Keene Sentinel , as "  wicked . " "  It 's just like a rush . You 're revolting from the cops , " he told the paper Saturday night . "  It 's a blast to do things that you 're not supposed to do . " Students could be expelled Many of the suspects are from other New England colleges and the schools will trade information in an attempt to locate the suspects , Huot told reporters . Besides being charged with crimes , Keene State students could be expelled if they participated , she said . Police said they 'll use social media in trying to locate and identify suspects . Meola said the problem started about 1 p.m. Saturday when police tried to break up an unruly crowd of about 1,000 people at the festival . Police in riot gear used tear gas and pepper spray to to disperse the group . A second group of about the same size also started throwing objects at police , he said . The groups eventually moved to another spot where they were partially contained , Meola said . Some of the suspects spilled over onto the campus and damaged property there , he said . "  This went on for approximately eight hours , " he said . "  The potential for somebody being seriously injured or killed was there , " said Col. Robert Quinn of the New Hampshire State Police . Police used about 100 pepper balls and finally ran out , Meola said . Officers then resorted to "  sponge rounds , " which he said were "  similar to an extended baton kind of stroke . " Police had problems last year Keene police called in backup from the New Hampshire State Police and other nearby police forces . Most of the injured were students . "  I got hit with a Jack Daniel 's  whiskey  bottle , like across the face , " Keene State student Roger Creekmore told WMUR . The disturbances started early Saturday afternoon . Bonfires burned into the early hours of Sunday morning on city streets that were littered with broken beer and liquor bottles , video from CNN affiliate WMUR showed . Police reported problems at last year 's pumpkin festival , but not to this extent , Meola said . The Sentinel reported 140 arrests last year . "  This was n't like a party we had to go break up , " he said . "  This was out in the public . Nobody organized it . It happened on its own . " Because of the arrests and injuries at past festivals , the community held forums in recent years -- inviting police and emergency room doctors as well as residents -- to explore ways to mitigate the violence , vandalism and littering that come with the celebration . Town to discuss festival future Keene Mayor Kendall W. Lane said public forums will be held in December to discuss the future of the Pumpkin Festival . This was the 24th consecutive year it 's been held . Huot said she was encouraged to see many students come out voluntarily Sunday morning to help clean up the debris from the disturbance . The pumpkin festival is a source of pride for the community of 23,000 people about 80 miles northwest of Boston . Last year , the event set a world record with 30,581 lit jack-o ' - lanterns , according to the festival 's website . "  It 's ridiculous . It 's not Pumpkin Fest , " Jacob Gowans , another Keene State student , told WMUR . "  We 're supposed to have a fun weekend . This is stupid . " CNN 's Joe Sutton , Jackie Castillo and Ed Payne contributed to this report	City officials in Keene , New Hampshire , say at least 30 hurt in melee Police want to find people who threw rocks , bottles Police will seek suspects through social media Disturbance broke out at the city 's annual pumpkin festival
While Attorney General Eric Holder had made clear that he wanted to leave the post before the end of Obama 's second term , the announcement of his departure just before midterm elections took many by surprise and the timing could complicate the effort to replace him . Choosing a new attorney general and getting approval in a Senate confirmation hearing will be difficult for the White House . While the list of strong candidates who could assume the role is long , congressional politics will make it difficult to get Senate approval for just about anyone . Plus , while he has endured his share of controversies , Holder is also President Barack Obama 's very close friend and confidant , someone for whom the President consistently communicated his full support . "  We have been great colleagues , but the bonds between us are much deeper than that , " Holder said Thursday in a joint statement with Obama , announcing his departure . "  I 'm proud to call you my friend . " When a replacement might be announced is unknown . Obama thanked Holder for his service Thursday but offered no timeline for announcing a nominee to replace him . Holder pledged to stay on the job until a nominee is selected and confirmed by the Senate , and in doing that , he might have agreed to stay on for a while longer . Who could replace Holder as attorney general ? The Senate is the biggest obstacle . Holder 's announcement comes just weeks before the midterm elections , in which Republicans have a solid chance of reclaiming the majority . Congress , currently on recess while members campaign for re-election , will have a lame duck session in November and December in which a confirmation hearing could be pushed through . But Congress will have a lot on its plate during that session , most notably a possible vote to expand Obama 's authority to execute his military offensive against ISIS . It 's possible that a confirmation hearing will take place in the next Congress , in 2015 , when Republicans could be in control . White House officials insisted they were n't concerned about this possibility . "  I do anticipate that Democrats will hold the Senate , " White House press secretary Josh Earnest told reporters Thursday . "  That said , I also anticipate that whoever the nominee is will earn and ultimately receive bipartisan support . " But in the current political climate , bipartisan support is far from certain for any administration appointee , particularly one as high profile as Holder 's replacement . The other issue is less tactical -- it 's the personal factor . Obama and Holder are good friends , and Holder is a part of the Obama inner circle that includes key adviser Valerie Jarrett , whom Holder thanked Thursday as someone who he had "  been fortunate to work with since the beginning of what started as an improbable , idealistic effort by a young senator from Illinois . " Furthermore , the issues that Holder has championed -- voting rights , LGBT rights and reducing prison sentences for low-level drug offenders -- are important aspects of Obama 's legacy , so this pick will , in all likelihood , be an incredibly important one for him . Obama gave no hints about possible replacements in his goodbye remarks to Holder , offering only a tidbit of what he 's looking for in an attorney general : "  I chose him to serve as attorney general because he believes , as I do , that justice is not just an abstract theory -- it 's a living and breathing principle . "	Attorney General Eric Holder announced his resignation Thursday Holder is a close friend of President Obama November elections could complicate the nomination and confirmation process White House officials say they 're confident whoever is chosen will have bipartisan support
BALTIMORE , Maryland  CNN  -- You know you 've arrived at Bengies Drive-In Theatre when you first see the giant movie marquee , announcing the features showing that weekend . Each letter has to be placed and adjusted by hand , as it did when the theater first opened . Bengies Drive-In Theatre has been owned by the same family since it opened in 1956 . "  As far as the operation of the drive-in goes , I 'm kind of a die-hard . I try to make it run the way it did , to bring a little bit back of the '50s . ... the integrity and the innocence of that age , " says Bengies owner D. Edward Vogel , who claims to have the largest outdoor movie screen in the country at 52 feet by 120 feet . Vogel has spent most of his life trying to maintain the feel and charm of the Baltimore , Maryland , drive-in movie theater that his family opened in 1956 . Vogel wants moviegoers to have the same experience as he did when he went to his family 's outdoor theater as a child , although he knows that people today have many more entertainment options . "  Sometimes I 'm actually taken aback with the amount of children that are fascinated with this , " says Vogel . "  Thinking of what their options are , with modern devices and videos and all that , that they are so taken aback . with what happens here . " Vogel started learning , at age 9 , the secrets of running a movie theater from his father , Jack Vogel . He has worked tirelessly since to maintain the theater as it was in its glory days . Vogel even operates the same machines that he did as a child ; the projection room is filled with the original projectors , which Vogel cleans and cares for each night . And for each movie , threading the film is a complex process far removed from the simplicity of inserting a DVD into the player that we know today . Once threaded , the film spins around as each frame follows an intricate path from the tray , to the projector , until it is shown on the gigantic screen . Watch the drive-in come to life " The scene immediately invokes a feeling of nostalgia , reminding us why they were called "  motion pictures " way back when . Yet , Vogel is quick to tell you that keeping the 53-year-old business alive has n't always been easy . At Bengies , each night is a double feature , so guests can see at least two movies for $ 8 a person . Vogel estimates that Bengies makes 60 percent of its revenue from ticket sales , and the rest comes from concession purchases . There 's a strict "  no outside food " policy , and he 's open about the fact that the food sales help keep the business open . The waterfront property would be more profitable as condos , he says , and his father planned to build them before Vogel took over the theater in the 1980s . He was only able to avoid closing by cutting costs and staff . "  My parents had a union operator in the booth , they had a manager , they had a concessionaire . I am all of those things , so that has changed , " Vogel says . Vogel even acts as the host . Known only as "  the voice " to his audiences , he starts each night by using the theater 's speaker system to welcome everyone to his venue . "  When you see the sun setting , and the shadow being cast on that screen , no matter what has happened during that day , good , bad or indifferent , I become a different person when I turn the microphone on . " Besides the challenges of being a small business owner , Vogel 's efforts to maintain the integrity of the movie-going experience is challenged by another intrusion of this modern world -- light pollution . Between car headlights and brightly lit businesses nearby , a once-dark sky is now polluted with obtrusive light . Bengies asks that drivers turn their headlights off when entering the grounds of the theater . But over the years , it has been the outside light from other businesses that bleeds into the surrounding sky , making the giant screen hard to see . For solutions to such predicaments , Vogel turns to the owners of other drive-in theaters that have managed to survive since the 1930s . He is an active member of a drive-in theater owners association and is working with other owners across the country to support each other . "  They would all have easier lives if they opened Laundromats in the right location , but they do n't . They endeavor ; there is a passion about it , " Vogel says . It is a passion that his audience seems to appreciate . As the sun lowers in the sky and eventually sets behind the screen , the ticket booth is opened on a Sunday night in autumn . People make the trip to the last drive-in theater in the Baltimore area . They set up their chairs , and some sit in their classic cars to enjoy the show . It 's an experience Vogel hopes to keep around for generations to come .	Bengies Drive-In Theatre has n't changed much in its 53-year history Owner says he 's often surprised by children 's fascination with drive-in Each night features a double feature ; admission is $ 8 a person Onslaught of light pollution has been challenge to theater owner , moviegoers
CNN  -- Actor Ashton Kutcher , who got his break on "  That '70s Show , " will go back to the 1970s to play tech visionary Steve Jobs in an indie film about Jobs ' early life and the founding of Apple . Production on the film , "  Jobs , " is scheduled to begin in May while Kutcher is on hiatus from his hit CBS series "  Two and a Half Men , " reports Variety , the film-industry trade publication . It will be directed by Joshua Michael Stern  "  Swing Vote "  and "  will chronicle Steve Jobs from wayward hippie to co-founder of Apple , " according to Variety . The timing of the story , which was published Sunday on Variety 's website , combined with Kutcher 's well-known love of pranks , led some to dismiss it as an April Fools ' joke . But CNN confirmed Monday through a representative for Kutcher that the actor has signed on for the role . Jeff Sneider , the reporter who wrote the Variety article , said on Twitter on Sunday that the movie will follow Jobs from when he and Steve Wozniak founded Apple in 1976 to when Jobs returned to the company in the late 1990s after being forced out . It wo n't cover Jobs ' later years , he said . Jobs , who died in October after a struggle with cancer , dropped out of college and backpacked across India before launching the company that would make him one of the world 's most acclaimed entrepreneurs . Kutcher , 34 , is one of the more tech-savvy actors in Hollywood . He was an early and enthusiastic user of Twitter , where he has 10 million followers , and has invested in several Silicon Valley startups . Kutcher 's movie will face competition from Sony Pictures , which is developing its own Jobs biopic based on the best-selling book by Walter Isaacson . A CNN.com report last fall speculated on which actor might play Jobs in that movie and threw out some names -- James McAvoy , Crispin Glover , Stanley Tucci , Noah Wyle -- but failed to mention Kutcher .	Ashton Kutcher will play tech visionary Steve Jobs in an indie film on his early life Movie will follow Jobs ' life until he returned to Apple in the late '90s , reporter says Kutcher , 34 , is one of the more tech-savvy actors in Hollywood
CNN  -- The couple who called police after being held hostage in Big Bear , California , by rogue ex-Los Angeles police officer Christopher Dorner will get a majority of the $ 1 million reward for information that led authorities to him . Karen Reynolds and her husband , Jim , called 911 on February 12 to report that Dorner had tied them up and stolen their car . They will receive 80 % of the reward , put up by the city of Los Angeles with help from other jurisdictions , groups , and private donors . A panel of three judges awarded 15 % to the Daniel McGowan , who discovered Dorner 's burning truck near the ski resort town , and 5 % to R. Lee McDaniel , who spotted Dorner on February 7 and informed police . The panel said nine other people who filed claims were not entitled to any reward money . The manhunt for Dorner ended when Dorner was cornered and died in the San Bernardino Mountains , about 100 miles east of the city where he once had been a police officer . The 33-year-old former Navy officer holed up in a cabin after a shootout with law enforcement . The renegade cop killed four people and wounded three others as part of a vendetta against his former comrades before apparently taking his own life .	Reward was offered by city of Los Angeles , other towns , counties Christopher Dorner killed four people in February He died the same day he stole the couple 's car They called 911 , enabling police to track down the fugitive
Tokyo  CNN  -- An explosion on an oil tanker off the Japanese coast set off a huge fire Thursday and left the vessel 's captain missing . Ships and aircraft battled the blaze on the Shoko Maru , a 998-ton tanker anchored about 5 kilometers  3 miles  off the port of Himeji in western Japan , the coast guard said . Rescuers have recovered seven members of the eight-person crew , the coast guard said , but the ship 's 64-year-old captain is still missing . Four of the rescued crew remembers were seriously injured in the blast , the Himeji fire department said , and all seven of them were taken to hospitals after arriving in the port , which is about 75 kilometers  45 miles  west of Osaka on the Seto Inland Sea . The tanker was n't loaded when the blast went off Thursday morning , the coast guard said , reducing fears of a major environmental disaster . Video footage showed water cannons dousing the stricken ship as large black plumes of smoke rose from a blaze roaring inside its body . Later images showed the tanker scorched , smoldering and listing to one side . There was no immediate danger to other ships , as the tanker was located outside of the port facility , the coast guard said , adding that an exclusion zone was being set up around the damaged vessel . The coast guard said it was still investigating the cause the explosion on the ship , which belongs to Shoho Shopping Co. Ltd , a company based in Hiroshima , Japan . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	NEW : Four crew members were seriously injured in the explosion near the port of Himeji NEW : The 64-year-old captain of the ship remains missing , authorities say NEW : The tanker was n't loaded with oil when the blast hit , the coast guard says Ships and aircraft battled the blaze on the Shoko Maru , a 998-ton tanker
CNN  -- Mike Ellery was always used to having his little sister trying to copy him -- but not even he saw her latest stunt coming . While the 24-year-old was always destined to be a rugby star for England , never did he think that he 'd be traveling across the world with his sister , Megan , in tow . For the first time ever , England 's squad has a brother and sister competing on the international stage -- just a bit different from tackling each other inside the family home . "  I can show you several scars and bruises from our upbringing , " Megan told CNN 's Rugby Sevens Worldwide show . "  I think we are quite a standard competitive brother and sister , so anything he 'd do , I 'd try and do better . "  We used to play across the landing at home whenever Mike wanted to try out his new steps , and yeah , it did n't end well for me . " Rugby sevens -- the faster and shorter form of union -- is one of the world 's fastest growing sports and will make its Olympic debut at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 . Mike , who signed a two-year deal to play sevens for England in 2012 , learned his trade in the north of the country under the guidance of his father , Nick , in the family 's hometown of Penrith . It was here , while watching her older brother impress , that Megan dreamed of doing similar . "  Penrith is absolutely rugby mad , " she told CNN . "  The whole town , the rugby club is just a huge community so we 've been brought up with just a passion for rugby . "  When I was a lot younger , I used to spend a lot of my upbringing on the sidelines watching him play . "  I sort of had an interest in rugby since then and played from when I was about 11 to when I was about 13 , then have n't really played it since . "  But watching him compete in the Sevens circuit , it 's just such an exciting game . I really , really wanted to get involved so went along to the open trial and here I am . " Megan 's presence at November 's Dubai Sevens was a big shock to both siblings -- especially since she had been trying her luck at netball while at university . Mike thought that his sister would be going away on a gap-year following her graduation -- only for her to ghost in on the blindside and turn up right next to him . With just three years between them , the pair remain close even if they do not get to see each other too often , with Mike traveling around the world on the men 's circuit . "  I do n't get to see her much at home as I only go home at Christmas time maybe , " said Mike . "  It 's nice to see her but then I 'm immensely proud of her . Especially as she only started playing properly about seven or eight months ago . "  She 's picked it up quite quickly and she 's obviously got quite a lot of natural talent . I 'm very proud of her . " Megan showed off her talent in Dubai in impressive fashion -- scoring four tries to finish the tournament as England 's highest points scorer . For somebody who made the England squad after playing just a handful of games for her university side and development squad , Megan 's rise has been remarkable . She will now hope to shine once more in Atlanta when the women 's second round gets underway on February 15 , while Mike will be with the men in Las Vegas for their fourth leg of a nine-country swing in late January . But for Megan , it is her brother 's achievements which will always inspire her . "  It 's kind of against my instincts to pay him a compliment , but obviously I have quite a lot of admiration for Mike and what he 's achieved in the game . "	Mike and Megan Ellery both play rugby sevens for England Both played in Dubai -- first time England teams has featured a brother and sister Mike , 24 , is three years older than Megan The pair used to practice tackling each other as children
Boston  CNN  -- As the horror of explosions near the finish line of the nation 's most famous marathon sank in , government officials mobilized to respond on Monday afternoon . FBI director Robert Mueller briefed President Barack Obama by telephone , the White House said . All off duty-police officers in Boston were told to report to their districts , CNN affiliate WHDH reported , and the Red Cross sent additional blood products to Boston-area hospitals , spokeswoman Anne Marie Borrego said . Aviation authorities banned planes from flying over of the site of the explosion , the Federal Aviation Administration said . The temporary flight restriction came at the request of law enforcement and originally extended three nautical miles in all directions before being reduced to two . It reaches up to a height of 3,000 feet , FAA spokeswoman Arlene Salac said . The agency ordered a brief ground stop at Boston 's Logan airport but it did not last long . Get up-to-the-minute updates on our live blog And law enforcement authorities from Atlanta to San Francisco and Seattle said they were on heightened alert . New York 's Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the city had 1,000 officers assigned to counterterrorism duties , "  and they -- along with the entire NYPD and the investments we have made in counterterrorism infrastructure -- are being fully mobilized to protect our city . " In Miami , police said they were increasing security at critical infrastructure sites , while the Los Angeles Police Department restated its advice to the public : "  If you see something , say something . " Secretary of State John Kerry -- a former Massachusetts senator with deep ties to Boston -- found out about the blasts when he was on his way to Chicago on his way home from a 10-day foreign trip , and called his daughter Vanessa , who has run the Boston Marathon in the past , a senior State Department official said . Detailed map of attack area Kerry himself often fires the starting gun for the wheelchair race at the marathon . Attorney General Eric Holder instructed the Justice Department to deploy its "  full resources " to the investigation into the blasts that killed at least two people and left dozens injured . He spoke to FBI director Mueller , and to the U.S. Attorney for the District of Massachusetts , Carmen Ortiz . Her office is coordinating responses from the Justice Department , the FBI , the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms and other law enforcement officials . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano was briefed , and she ordered her department to provide "  whatever assistance is necessary " to state and local authorities , an administration official said . The House of Representatives announced it would hold a minute 's silence to honor the victims of the explosions . London 's Metropolitan Police said they were reviewing security arrangements for the London Marathon , which is due to take place on Sunday . The race 's chief executive , Nick Bitel , said organizers were "  deeply saddened and shocked , " and called it "  a very sad day for athletics and for our friends and colleagues in marathon running . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said he was "  appalled " by the explosion , while Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper said : "  It is truly a sad day when an event as inspiring as the Boston Marathon is clouded by such senseless violence . " Major League Baseball senior public relations executive Pat Courtney said the League 's "  thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by this horrible occurrence . " The Red Sox were playing in Boston on Monday but the game was over before the terror attack . Eyewitness : People hurt very badly CNN producer heard big boom , saw smoke From CNN Chief White House Correspondent Jessica Yellin , CNN Senior Producer Carol Cratty and CNN Producer Mike Ahlers .	NEW : John Kerry checks in with his daughter , who has run the marathon in the past NEW : Canada 's prime minister laments an "  inspiring event clouded by senseless violence " Police from Miami to Los Angeles on heightened alert ; off-duty Boston cops called in London police say they are reviewing security for the city 's marathon on Sunday
CNN  -- A Russian fighter jet buzzed dangerously close to a U.S. military plane in April , a U.S. official said Tuesday , describing the fly-by as "  straight out of a movie . " The Russian jet flew within 100 feet of the nose of a U.S. Air Force reconnaissance plane over the Sea of Okhotsk between Russia and Japan , a Defense Department official said . The fly-by "  put the lives of the U.S. crew in jeopardy , " the U.S. official said , calling it "  one of the most dangerous close passes in decades . " The incident occurred on April 23 , the Defense Department official said , when a U.S. Air Force RC-135U aircraft flying on a routine mission over the Sea of Okhotsk was intercepted by a Russian Su-27 Flanker aircraft . The Russian aircraft turned and "  showed its belly " to the U.S. crew so they could see it was armed with missiles , a U.S. military official said Tuesday . The United States did not originally discuss or reveal the incident publicly because it chose to deal with it privately with Russian officials , the military official said . Earlier in April , U.S. officials said a Russian fighter jet made a dozen low-altitude passes over the USS Donald Cook in the Black Sea . On April 28 , a Russian Defense Ministry statement said Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu and U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel had discussed both incidents during a phone call that day . In response , the statement said , Shoygu "  offered to instruct the commanders in chief of the armed forces of both countries to discuss possible additional measures to address the interests of both countries to prevent future misperceptions of actions . " A Defense Department readout of that call did n't mention the fly-bys . On Tuesday , the Defense Department official said senior leaders had communicated concerns about the incident directly to the Russian military . And the U.S. official said it has n't happened again since . U.S. general : Russia increasing flights in Pacific Close call as China scrambles fighter jets on Japanese aircraft in disputed territory Follow these reporters on Twitter : @jimsciutto and @barbarastarrcnn . CNN 's Anna Maja Rappard and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Officials : A Russian fighter jet flew within 100 feet of a U.S. military plane The fly-by "  put the lives of the U.S. crew in jeopardy , " one official said Military leaders from both countries discussed the incident
CNN  -- The next time you step foot on a golf course , beware the legal minefield that can await you . If the game was not difficult enough already , it has a well-deserved reputation of being the most litigious of all sports , bar none . The cases that come to court cover the full spectrum of grievances and bizarre incidents , from the elderly Irish pensioner suing his former golf club for cutting -- yes cutting -- his handicap , to two-time major winner Rory McIlroy going legal in a high-stakes wrangle over his multimillion-dollar deal with Nike . From players tripping over rabbit holes , to a pair of New York doctors involved in a landmark legal action after one of them was blinded by the other 's errant shot . It all backs up the main thrust of a publication from 2007 by Craig Brown , a law professor at the University of Western Ontario in Canada . "  Golf and the law seem to have been made for each other , " he wrote in "  Why Lawyers Love Golf . " "  On every fairway , in every stretch of rough , in every clubhouse , in every golf bag , at every swing at the ball , in every set of plans for a new course , in every application for club membership , there lurks a potential lawsuit . " Dalton Floyd Jr. of South Carolina 's Floyd Law Firm has made a 40-year-plus career of handling such cases . He gives an example where neither the claimant nor the appellant were left with a good leg to stand on : "  A lady and her husband were walking from the tee to her golf cart . In a freak accident she stood on a piece of unmade ground and contrived to rupture her Achilles tendon , " he told CNN . "  Both her and husband were keen line dancers , could n't take part in the activity for months and brought a claim on that basis . The club had to settle . " Golfing mousetraps It highlighted the fact that golf clubs have to think very carefully about every area of their activity because there are mousetraps everywhere , in the legal sense . Most golf holes have yardage markers dotted on the fairway to let golfers know how far they are from the green , the most common at 150 yards out . But they had better make sure they are accurate . "  A golfer hit the ball onto a green and hit a player who was waiting to putt , " recalls Floyd . "  The golfer hitting the shot claimed the yardage markers put out by the course were inaccurate and he thought the green was further away and out of his reach . "  The club had to settle the claim because they were liable . " And beware the hasty and ill-thought-out redesign of a golf course , says Floyd . "  A club in Hilton Head cut down trees on the left of a dogleg hole , which meant a lot of balls ended up in a big condominium . The owners were not happy and the club was held liable and had to settle . " Serious injury While it is easy to poke fun at some of the claims , others are for serious injury sustained in the course of playing the sport . As CNN reported in 2010 , being hit by a poor shot while playing is a risk golfers assume and this was backed up by New York 's highest court in a key ruling . Playing at a course in Long Island , Anoop Kapoor hit a shot which struck his fellow doctor Azad Anand in the left eye . Anand was blinded after the incident and launched a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against Kapoor for damages , alleging his friend was negligent for failing to warn of the shot . Kapoor testified he thought Anand was behind him and that he did n't see anyone between him and the hole when he took his shot . Kapoor unintentionally sliced it , striking Anand with terrible consequences . Floyd says most claims of this nature are dismissed : "  Thank goodness the courts have an understanding that you ca n't hit the ball straight all the time , particularly the amateur golfer . "  I think generally we get good decisions from judges because they understand golf is a sport and there is a certain amount of risk when you play . " But that did not stop 15-year-old Alex Good of Hillsboro , Oregon from suing a local golf course for negligence after he hit himself in the eye with his own ball while on its driving range . According to court documents , Good and his high school teammates were using the practice range . It was raining and the staff at Pumpkin Ridge put up an awning . When Good teed off , his ball hit a metal post that was holding up the awning just inches in front of his driving mat . The ball ricocheted off and hit him in the left eye . Good 's lawyer claimed Pumpkin Ridge should have known that the metal pole was a danger . Pumpkin Ridge did not respond to CNN 's enquiries about the current status of the suit . Costly repair During the economic downturn , even well-to-do golfers have felt the pinch , says Floyd , but he warns against what one did to save a few dollars : repairing your own clubs . He cites the case of a player who took his tee shot -- then the head of the repaired club flew off and got stuck in his playing partner 's knee . Painful for the claimant -- and costly for the do-it-yourself golfer , who was forced to settle the claim . It 's not a position in which former world No. 1 McIlroy should ever find himself , but he is embroiled in a very public legal dispute with his former management agency over its role in his contracts with Nike and other key sponsors . The 24-year-old from Northern Ireland claims he was misled over the terms of the deals and is seeking compensation . The agent , Conor Ridge , and the management company Horizon Sports deny the claim and are counter suing in a case which is slated for the courts in October 2014 . McIlroy , whose form has slumped since signing the big-money deals , admitted that it had taken a toll . "  I 've seen more lawyers ' offices and more lawyers this year than I care to see in my entire life , " he told reporters at the World Tour Championship in Dubai last month . Angry Tiger He also said he was taking advice from Nike stablemate Tiger Woods on how to deal with these pressures , although the world No. 1 himself is at the center of a controversy which threatens to end in a lawsuit . In a published article grading the tour performance of top players , former PGA pro and now analyst Brandel Chamblee flunked Woods , questioning his integrity and saying that he had been "  a little cavalier with the rules . " As evidence , he cited three instances where Woods had been penalized for rules infractions and a fourth where an NBC analyst questioned the drop that Woods made after his ball landed in a water hazard . Woods ' agent Mark Steinberg responded angrily over a "  shameful , baseless " report and said he was considering a legal action for damages . McIlroy will doubtless take his own counsel but might look no further than the fate that befell a 75-year-old amateur golfer from across the border in the Republic of Ireland . Handicap blues Thomas Talbot , a retired insurance official , was left with a massive legal bill in excess of $ 500,000 after launching an action against his former club because it had cut his handicap . This would normally be a cause for celebration , but Talbot took it as a slight , particularly as a court in Dublin heard he was accused of "  handicap building " -- or allegedly playing below his ability to get his handicap raised and thereby be able to win more competitions . Talbot sued the Hermitage Golf Club and its former handicap secretary in the Irish High Court for defamation , but a judge found against him last year and he has been left with heavy costs . Golf for a long time was a male-dominated sport but as more women started taking part , clubs which restricted membership came under the legal spotlight for alleged discriminatory practices . Federal law in the United States now requires clubs open to the public to admit women , but Augusta National , home of the U.S. Masters tournament , was a private club and adopted a strict male-only membership policy for 80 years . That suddenly changed in August 2012 , when it announced it would admit its first two female members , former U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and business leader Darla Moore . The volte face came without ever reaching a court of law , but rather thanks to the tireless efforts of women 's rights activist Martha Burk and reported pressure from key sponsors . Discrimination suits also extended to the top level of men 's professional golf when Casey Martin , a former Stanford University teammate of Woods , took out a case against the PGA Tour . Martin suffers from a debilitating leg deformity that obstructs blood flow back to his heart . Having qualified for the full PGA Tour in 2000 , Martin wanted to use a golf cart in tournaments , but was refused permission by tour officials . Martin took a lawsuit on grounds of disability discrimination and finally won his battle in the Supreme Court . But he was unable to capitalize on his early promise and dropped off the tour , although he was a surprise qualifier for the 2012 U.S. Open . Trump challenge No article about lawsuits in golf would be complete without mention of U.S. tycoon Donald Trump and his battles to complete a $ 1 billion development in northern Scotland . He faced down opposition from locals and environmental groups , including a lawsuit from an 86-year-old pensioner , to get permission to build his championship course on protected sand dunes in Aberdeenshire . But having built the course , now Trump himself has gone legal after the Scottish government gave planning permission to a massive offshore wind farm just off the coast -- and within sight of his new resort . Trump has called the 11 turbine scheme a "  useless and grotesque blot on our heritage " and has launched a lawsuit to attempt to stop it . The Scottish government , led by First Minister Alex Salmond , wants all the country 's electricity demands to be met from renewable sources by 2020 and is vigorously defending its decision in the court case , which started November 12 in Edinburgh .	Golf has a reputation for being one of the most litigious sports Cases range from the seemingly absurd to the serious Rory McIlroy involved in legal action against former management company Donald Trump suing the Scottish government over an offshore wind farm
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- More than 37 million people visit Las Vegas each year for its glitz , glamour and lure of hitting a jackpot . Yet few tourists ever see the dingy world beneath the bright lights : tunnel dwellings that have become home to those down on their luck . Steve Dommer and his girlfriend , Kathryn , live in the depths below the Vegas Strip . They created an elaborate 400-square-foot space , complete with a living room , bedroom , kitchen and workshop to fix bicycles . Everything is elevated off the floor with wooden pallets or milk crates because of potential flooding . Their prized possession is a queen-sized bed , found in a Dumpster near the Palms Casino Resort . "  I like to be able to come back and sleep as comfortably as possible , " Dommer said , patting his bed . By day , he scrounges for change above ground . He 's been living down below for two years . He lost his construction job because of an addiction to speed and heroin . The couple is not alone in the city 's tunnels . "  Hundreds of people live in these tunnels , " says journalist Matthew O'Brien . O'Brien has become an expert on the more than 300 miles of underground flood channels and its tunnel dwellers . O'Brien brought the homeless to light , first in articles for the alternative weekly newspaper , Las Vegas CityLife , and then in a book titled "  Beneath the Neon : Life and Death in the Tunnels of Las Vegas . " O'Brien noted the irony of one tunnel entrance near the famous "  Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas " neon sign . "  I just think the history of Vegas PR is to ignore the bad issues , " he said . "  The instinct of the city -- and the county -- is to ignore stuff that can be construed as negative press and kind of highlight other things about the city . " The number of those living in the storm drains varies by the season , O'Brien said . The tunnels become damp and cold in the winter , but hundreds flock into them during the summer to escape the 100-degree desert temperatures . "  It 's much cooler than outside , about 20-25 degrees cooler , and that 's one reason why someone would live or hang out in these tunnels , " O'Brien said . Armed with a black metal flashlight , O'Brien took CNN on a tour of four tunnels . Each tunnel was different ; their heights ranged from 4 to 12 feet . Some intersected underground ; others had small openings to access parallel tunnels . It was pitch black much of the time . "  After you 've done it a few hundred times like I have , you can walk down here without any light at all , " said tunnel dweller Steve Dommer . O'Brien said he 's always "  a little bit on edge " when he climbs into the underground world . "  You never know what to expect or what you 're going to find down here , " he said . If legend is to be believed , a troll armed with a crowbar combs the tunnels . Even if it 's not true , O'Brien said , it still haunts him . "  A lot of the people ... have their own ghost stories about a friend who was murdered in the tunnels or someone who drowned and they hear their voices late at night , " O'Brien said . "  It is true that you do hear some weird noises down here because of the acoustics . " Some of the channel floors are covered with dust , others mud , and , in one section , a foot of stagnant water . There are sleeping bags and mattresses , some with makeshift canopies , but they seemed outnumbered by the trash , scraps of food , cockroaches and graffiti . Upon hearing our footsteps , some vagrants scattered from their makeshift shelters , not knowing if we were marauders or the police who sometimes come through to chase the homeless out . O'Brien introduced us to a man known in these parts as "  Iron , " who has lived in the flood channel system for six years . Iron had sun-baked skin and wore a cap reading "  Jackpot ! " The recovering alcoholic said he makes ends meet receiving tips for pumping gas or cleaning windshields at a nearby service station . He lives near the entrance of a tunnel across the highway from the Excalibur and Luxor hotel-casinos . "  You 'd be surprised at night the view you have right here , " Iron said . "  People pay a lot of money in the suites to have views of the Strip . I get it every night for free . " He sleeps about 10 feet from the entrance of a four-foot high tunnel . It does n't rain often . But when it does , the floodwaters carry away anything in its path . "  I live pretty simple now after replacing things for six years . " Over in another Vegas flood channel , a homeless man named Michael sat with his bags packed ready to leave his tunnel dwelling , about 200 feet from the entrance . The 52-year-old said police came through two days earlier encouraging people to leave . He sat on a mattress wearing khaki pants and a short-sleeve collared shirt . He said crack cocaine abuse led him on a dark path into the storm drains . He 's hoping to leave soon . "  After 30 years of wasting time and money , 30 years of drug use , I want my life back , " he said . "  I want to get up and lead a productive life again . " To that end , O'Brien is helping . That was one of his goals when he began his journey -- to find a way to help the tunnel dwellers . He became partners with the charitable outreach organization HELP of Southern Nevada to form the "  Shine A Light " foundation . O'Brien escorts social workers into the storm drains twice a month to offer assistance to the homeless . They provide blankets , food , water and counseling . According to O'Brien , more than a dozen people who were living within the tunnels received housing in the past six months thanks to the partnership . But O'Brien said he thinks Sin City could do much more to help . "  I 've always thought more should be done , " he said . Iron , the homeless man with a city view , believes the city tolerates the tunnel dwellers because "  we 're not hurting anybody . " "  The only thing getting hurt down here is ourselves and nobody else . " CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	Homeless population of Las Vegas turn to storm drains for shelter "  I just think the history of Vegas PR is to ignore the bad issues , " Matthew O'Brien says One man nicknamed "  Iron " says the best thing is his view of Vegas Strip at night
London , England  CNN  -- Daily doses of vitamin B can halve the rate of brain shrinkage in elderly people with mild cognitive impairment  MCI  , which can be a precursor to Alzheimer 's , researchers at Oxford University said Thursday . The two-year clinical trial is the largest to study the effect of vitamin B on MCI and one of the first disease-modifying trials in the Alzheimer 's field to show positive results , the researchers said . The study followed 168 volunteers with mild memory problems , half of whom took a high-dose vitamin B tablet for two years and the other half who took a placebo . Around one in six people age 70 and older has MCI and experiences problems with memory , language , or other mental functions , but not to a degree that interferes with daily life , the researchers said . Around half of those with MCI develop dementia , mainly Alzheimer 's , within five years of diagnosis . Certain B vitamins such as folic acid , vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 , are known to control levels of the amino acid homocysteine in the blood . High levels of homocysteine are associated with an increased risk of Alzheimers . Researchers used MRI scans to measure the rate of brain shrinkage over a two-year period . They found that on average , the brains of those taking a tablet that combined folic acid and vitamins B6 and B12 shrank at a rate of 0.76 percent a year , while those in the placebo group had a mean brain shrinkage rate of 1.08 percent . Those with the highest levels of homocysteine benefited most , with atrophy rates on treatment that were half of those taking the placebo , researchers said . Because the rate of brain shrinkage is known to be more rapid in those with MCI who go on to develop Alzheimer 's , it is possible that the vitamin treatment could slow down the development of the disease , they said . The researchers cautioned , however , that the relatively small number of participants and the short time span of the study meant more research is needed . "  These are immensely promising results , but we do need to do more trials to conclude whether these particular B vitamins can slow or prevent development of Alzheimer 's , " said David Smith of the Department of Pharmacology at Oxford and a co-leader of the trial . "  So I would n't yet recommend that anyone getting a bit older and beginning to be worried about memory lapses should rush out and buy vitamin B supplements without seeing a doctor . " The study was co-funded by the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , a British research charity . Chief Executive Rebecca Wood said the results are important but also said they require further study . "  The strong findings must inspire an expanded trial to follow people expected to develop Alzheimer 's , and we hope for further success , " she said . The Alzheimer 's Association also raised concerns about the study noting the small size , the fact that it was conducted at a single research center and that one of the researchers involved has patents in this area and might , under certain circumstances , result in his financially benefit . "  I do n't think age was an issue in the effectiveness of the intervention , in this study . Homocysteine levels were . Only people with elevated homocysteine in the study showed benefit from the intervention . People with the lowest homocysteine levels in the study saw no benefit . So , B vitamins -- if it shown to be effective in further studies -- are unlikely to be beneficial for everyone , particularly if you already have healthy homocysteine levels , " said William Thies , chief medical and scientific officer of the Alzeimer 's Association . "  Clearly , this is not enough data to go on . No conclusions can be drawn from this single study about use of B vitamins in MCI  or Alzheimer 's disease or related dementias  . No recommendations can or should be made to doctors or the public regarding use of B vitamins based on this study . No clinical or personal habits should be changed as a result of this article . " The findings were published in the September issue of PLoS ONE , the journal of the non-profit Public Library of Science . The trial was supported by grants from Charles Wolfson Charitable Trust , Medical Research Council , Alzheimer 's Research Trust , Henry Smith Charity , Thames Valley Dementias and Neurodegenerative Diseases Research Network of the National Institute for Health Research , John Coates Charitable Trust , Sidney and Elizabeth Corob Charitable Trust , and Meda AB/Recip AB , which also donated the vitamin and placebo tablets .	Vitamin B could halve the rate of brain shrinkage in those with mild cognitive impairment MCI can be a precursor to Alzheimer 's and other forms of dementia The benefits of certain B vitamins are already known Researchers caution that further and larger studies are needed to confirm the results
CNN  -- Three armed men robbed famed Puerto Rican golfer Juan Antonio "  Chi Chi " Rodriguez and his wife of up to $ 500,000 worth of jewelry , watches and other personal items in their home early Wednesday , police said . The crime occurred about 1:30 a.m. when the robbers broke into the golfer 's home at El Legado Resort in the southern Puerto Rican city of Guayama , police spokesman Wilson Porrata said . The robbers tied Rodriguez up before making off with the merchandise , Porrata said in a statement . Rodriguez , 74 , and his wife , Iwalani , were not injured , police said . "  Aside from the fright -- they were asleep -- they are fine , " police spokeswoman Erica Colon told CNN . "  They were not beaten . " No arrests had been made by late Wednesday afternoon , Colon said . The losses were covered by insurance , said the golfer 's publicist , Maria Morales . "  The thing that troubles  him  the most is they took Iwalani 's wedding ring , " Morales told CNN . Rodriguez and his wife have been married for 45 years , the publicist said . Rodriguez had the first of his eight PGA Tour wins in 1963 . He has had 87 top 10 finishes in the 527 events in which he has played . He is the founder of the non-profit Chi Chi Rodriguez Youth Foundation and the Chi Chi Rodriguez Academy in Clearwater , Florida , which teaches golf and life lessons to at-risk children . CNN 's Hank Bishop and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Robbers broke into golfer Chi Chi Rodriguez 's home , he and his wife were asleep Up to $ 500,000 in jewelry and other items taken Rodriguez and wife were tied up but not injured He is the founder of a non-profit foundation that targets at-risk children
CNN  -- Aircraft including long-range bombers may be used in any eventual strike on Syria , but "  that does not fundamentally change the parameters of the mission , " a U.S. official said . Another official from the Defense Department said the White House has been calling the Pentagon almost every day asking questions about U.S. options in Syria and the feasibility of different plans . "  They 're not the experts on this , we are . So it 's our job to lay out what it would take to accomplish X or Y , " the defense official said . The questions from the White House involve escalating the scope of the mission , but "  in increments -- nothing that 's out of line with the original plans . From the start , we have always been developing a range of options , depending on what they ultimately wanted to do , " the defense official said . U.S. assets and key locations The first official said planners have had what he described as "  incremental inquiries into what we might apply , due to how things have been developing on the ground , " but added that no final decision has been made on which assets to deploy and that a decision could still be a ways off . "  I would n't get out ahead of anything here , " the official told CNN . "  You want to match the military effort to the target sets . Those target sets have changed , but they 're probably going to continue to change even more , " he said . The official characterized the bombers only as options and pushed back on any notion of U.S. pilots flying over Syrian airspace . "  You can employ stand-off weapons from an aircraft , just as easily as from a ship or submarine . Aerial assets can be used from a distance , " he said . The official was responding to a report from ABC News ' Jonathan Karl , who is traveling with President Barack Obama in Russia , that said the U.S. attack plan for Syria could potentially include missiles fired from B-2 and B-52 bombers flying from the United States . The Wall Street Journal , meanwhile , has reported that the Pentagon was preparing to employ greater firepower to reach shifting military targets . The revised options under development include the use of Air Force bombers to supplement U.S. destroyers in the Mediterranean , the newspaper said . U.S. long-range bombers such as the B-1 , B-2 and B-52 are equipped with joint air-to-surface missiles , designed to destroy both mobile and fixed targets . The missiles ' primary advantage is that they allow pilots to operate outside the lethal range of most hostile air defense systems . The United States has B-1 bombers stationed at Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar , which also operates as a forward headquarters for U.S. Central Command .	Long-range aircraft may be used in an attack on Syria , U.S. official says No final decision has been made about what assets may be used , official says Official was responding to an ABC News report of the possibility of using bombers
CNN  -- Lionel Messi worshiped World Cup hero Diego Maradona , Roger Federer revered Grand Slam winner Pete Sampras while Sebastian Vettel idolized Formula 1 champion Michael Schumacher . But all Kamui Kobayashi had to look up to when he was growing up was his dad -- a sushi restaurant owner . Nonetheless , determination and desire drove the 26-year-old to the top of Formula One and on Sunday , he became the first local driver to stand on the podium at a Japanese Grand Prix since Aguri Suzuki in 1990 -- and only the third man from his country to finish in the top three at an F1 race at all . "  When I was growing up , I had nobody who I really wanted to be , " Kobayashi , who now lies 11th in the drivers ' championship standings , told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  I had no idea who the racers were , since my father just has a sushi restaurant and I never really watched a race . I maybe saw some Nascar races or whatever but I did n't care who the driver was -- I just wanted to drive the car . That was my only dream when I started . " Latest Formula One standings Kobayashi 's appreciation of F1 was hindered by both the inconvenient broadcast times of many of the races  particularly those in Europe  and by being the only member of his family with any interest in motorsport . At one point , he even turned his thoughts to entertaining a very different kind of audience . "  I wanted to become a comedian -- Amagasaki is quite popular for Japanese comedians . But I found I was n't talented enough , " Kobayashi told the sport 's official website last month . Instead , comedy 's questionable loss is undoubtedly F1 's gain with the ever-smiling Sauber driver -- affectionately nicknamed "  Cowboyashi " and "  Ko-Wasabi " by sections of the media , and "  absolutely crazy " by a smiling Jenson Button -- proving a popular figure on the circuit . And his exploits at Suzuka , where Vettel took the checkered flag to move just four points behind championship leader Fernando Alonso after the Spaniard retired early on , may just have inspired a new generation of Japanese drivers . The fans who thronged the famous track on Sunday had a nervy wait to see the first podium by a Japanese driver since Takuma Sato in 2004 as Kobayashi had to fend off a determined attempt by Button to pass him in the final laps . Chants of "  Kamui " broke out from the grandstands as he was introduced at the post-race awards ceremony , before F1 's only Japanese driver was eventually chased to his garage by delirious fans who had managed to infiltrate the paddock . "  This I can not put into words . It was a fantastic feeling to see all the people in my home country so emotional and happy , " was how the Amagasaki-born Kobayashi described his first podium to Sauber 's official website . "  It gave me such a lot and I will never forget that moment . I want to thank the Japanese fans for the great support they gave to the Sauber F1 Team and to myself . " Prior to the race , Kobayashi had told CNN he believed the presence of so many impassioned supporters would not put him under pressure but simply give him more power . So it proved , as he completed his greatest F1 triumph just a couple of hours ' drive from his home town -- sparking a huge party at Suzuka on Sunday night , with another celebratory event at the same venue attracting 5,000 fans on Monday morning . The timing of Kobayashi 's success was perfect , not only because the driver 's future with Sauber is uncertain but also because of Japan 's reduced investment in F1 in recent years . Since 2008 , economic reasons have prompted both Honda and Toyota to withdraw from the constructors ' championship and Bridgestone to opt against renewing its contract to supply tires to F1 teams . "  I hope that with this kind of result there is fresh impetus for companies to come in . It 's very important for the race in Japan , for F1 in the country , because now they have a driver who has given such a great performance , " says Sauber team principal Monisha Kaltenborn . Yet Kobayashi 's place on the podium did not come easily , with a man who was appointed an international ambassador for sports and tourism by the Japanese government in September having long battled the odds to calmber to the top of F1 . Even though his parents -- who choose not to own a car -- had limited interest in motorsport , his father , whose sushi delivery business is based in Amagasaki , backed Kamui in the well-worn path of go-karting when he was just nine . "  Sushi restaurants are a completely different world to racing but I just really wanted to do racing and it felt like destiny when I started , " explained Kobayashi . "  My father was always supporting me but it was very difficult at the beginning because racing is quite expensive and it cost more than we expected . It was a really hard time but when I got a chance with Toyota , it was a great start and I gradually improved step-by-step until I progressed to F1 . " After signing for Toyota 's Driver Academy in 2004 , Kobayashi graduated to being a Toyota F1 test driver before finally contesting his first F1 drive in 2009 . "  In my time , there was a lot of support from manufacturers towards young drivers but now it 's really difficult to find that , " he says with a deep sense of gratitude . "  We had belief though , good results and kept working really hard to achieve the dream of becoming an F1 driver . In any job , talent is very important but the most important thing is to never give up . " This quality served Kobayashi well when Toyota retired from F1 three years ago , a decision which even found him thinking about working for his father 's sushi business despite his stated dislike of raw fish . But the Japanese 's skills , hard work and aggressive driving style were rewarded when Sauber picked him up shortly after . "  I think we 're improving every year and this year , our car is really strong even though our budget stopped . After BMW left Sauber  in 2009  , we spent a really difficult time but we 're working hard every year and the car is getting more amazing , " he says . This was proven when Kobayashi 's speed meant that only double world champion Vettel and Ferrari 's Felipe Massa finished ahead of him on Sunday , a day when he believes he came of age . "  I 've always felt that if you ever want to look back and regard yourself as an F1 driver , you have to have been on the podium at least once , " he told Sauber 's website . "  Without such a photo , it 's a bit as if you had never been there . So it means a lot to me . "  I instantly relaxed when  I crossed the line and  all the pressure came off . Without doubt it was a very important race for me in my career . And I felt : yes , now we will be having more strong races and really go for 5th place in the constructors ' championship . " Sixth-placed Sauber 's 116 points are 20 fewer than Mercedes and while he battles for his team , Kobayashi needs a strong finish in the season 's five remaining races to not just continue his hard-fought F1 career but also to provide a hero for Japan 's next generation .	Kamui Kobayashi thanks Suzuka fans for support after Sunday 's podium finish His third-place finish at Suzuka only the third by a Japanese driver in F1 history Sauber driver believes he can now regard himself ` as a Formula 1 driver ' after Sunday 's feat Sauber chief hopes Kobayashi feat can inspire a resurgence of Japanese interest in the sport
InStyle.com  -- It 's been a super-hot summer , in more ways than one : As temperatures across the country climbed to near-record highs , the stars headed seaside to frolic , clad in a slew of sexy , stylish swimsuits . Now that Labor Day is looming just around the corner , InStyle looks back at the best celebrity bikinis of 2010 . Best Metallic : Kim Kardashian The bikini queen and reality show star looked top brass in this bronze triangle-top suit . On anyone else , the combination of metallic fabric , metallic accents and strings might be a little much , but on Kardashian , it 's just right . See all 33 of the best celebrity bikinis of 2010 Best Accessories : Sienna Miller We like Miller 's patterned bandeau bikini , but we love the layers of gold and silver jewelry she piled atop it while playing with on-again beau Jude Law on a beach in Ponzo , Italy . Best Body : Halle Berry It 's hard to believe that the Oscar-winning actress is 44 ; in this cute suit-and-short-shorts combination , Berry showed off a body that women half her age would envy . We love her little "  accessory " -- adorable 2-year-old daughter Nahla -- too . The most iconic swimsuits of all time Prettiest Pattern : Kate Bosworth Bosworth first found fame in the 2002 surf flick "  Blue Crush , " so it 's no surprise she 'd make our top ten . Lounging poolside after a long weekend at the Coachella Music Festival , she looked downright groovy in this purple paisley two-piece . Best Retro : Taylor Swift A retro-style suit is a great option for a girl who wants to show some skin , but not too much . Swift kept her high-waist , polka-dot two-piece from looking like a throwback by wearing it with quirky sunglasses and a loose , easy braid . 10 hottest celebrity bikini trends Best Blue : Ashley Greene This pretty hue is a perennial swimsuit favorite -- no surprise , considering that it perfectly matches both a typical pool and the summer sky . The "  Twilight " star 's version , which she sported in Las Vegas , features a halter-style bandeau top , perfect for her lithe frame . Cutest Cover-Up : Katharine McPhee McPhee 's striped bikini is chic on its own . But we love the pretty scarf she tied around her waist as an informal cover-up -- dark sunglasses and a light straw hat completed the stylish look . More stars in bikinis Best Not-So-Basic Black : Kirsten Dunst Snapped poolside at the Hôtel du Cap-Eden-Roc , near Cannes , France , Dunst was proudly pale in a pretty black suit with a tie-front halter top . This one works for the "  Spiderman " star because it offers support and just enough coverage . Best Mix-and-Match : Megan Fox As Fox demonstrated in Maui , a mis-matched two-piece can be even cuter than a perfectly coordinated style . Her denim-resembling bottom might be too much with a matching top , but it 's perfect when paired with a striped triangle style . Megan Fox 's transformation Best Bright : AnnaLynne McCord In Miami , the "  90210 " star opted for a hot pink two-piece paired with multiple bracelets , necklaces and simple black shades . The vibrant color was perfect for the setting -- and brought out her  safe , we hope !  tan . See tons more stars in bikinis on InStyle.com now ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Greene sports a halter-style bandeau top that 's perfect for her lithe frame McCord opted for a hot pink two-piece paired with multiple bracelets Bosworth found fame in "  Blue Crush , " so it 's no surprise she made our top ten
CNN  -- At least 137 people have died in the last few days from flooding caused by intense monsoon-season rains that have been lashing parts of Asia for weeks , according to government and media accounts . Pakistan 's government reported Friday that up to a foot of rain  313 mm  in eastern parts of the country Thursday caused heavy flooding that left at least 56 people dead and 68 injured . That 's up from 40 on Thursday , when the National Disaster Management Authority said many had died from collapsing roofs or electrocution by downed power lines . Thirteen of the deaths were in Lahore , one of Pakistan 's most populous cities . News of the rising death toll in Pakistan came a day after reports out of Indian-administered Kashmir , where 50 people died when a bus carrying a wedding party overturned in a flash flood . They were among 70 killed in Jammu and Indian-administered Kashmir as a result of flooding , Indian officials reported according to CNN sister network CNN-IBN . In Thailand , the state-run MCOT news agency reported that authorities have urged residents along waterways in the country 's central region to move to higher ground . The risk of flooding has increased there after a decision to release more water from a dam to reduce water levels in the flood-hit north , MCOT reported . The government had deployed more than 600 soldiers to aid in flood prevention work , the Bangkok Post reported . Emergency officials were concerned about the possibility of flash floods and mudslides , MCOT reported . On Wednesday , China 's state-run CCTV reported 11 people had died and 39,000 had been evacuated in the southwestern city of Chongqing after heavy rains there . More than 2,200 homes collapsed in the deluge , CCTV said . Bangladesh , Myanmar and Nepal were also hard-hit in August . South Korea and Japan have also seen flooding .	At least 137 people have died in the last few days , media and governments report As much as a foot of rain fell in parts of Pakistan on Thursday , government reported Flooding is also causing issues in China , Thailand and elsewhere
CNN  -- What 's a blogger to do when his blog is in turmoil ? Well , blog about it , of course . Or , in the case of TechCrunch 's MG Siegler , maybe "  rant " is the more operative verb . On Tuesday morning , the powerful , frothy-mouthed tech blog 's No. 2 man went off the digital rails , bemoaning a website that 's "  on the precipice " and "  may be over " as we , the People of the Internet , know it . "  As soon as tomorrow , Mike may be thrown out of the company he founded , " he wrote , referring to Michael Arrington , who founded TechCrunch . "  Or he may not . No one knows . And if he is , he will be replaced by -- well , again , no one knows . No one knows much of anything . Certainly no one at TechCrunch . This site is about to change forever and we 're in the total f -- ing dark . " The controversy stems from Arrington 's recent decision to start a venture capital firm that would fund some of the companies his blog writes about . All of this happened out in the open , and AOL , which bought TechCrunch last September , seemed fine with it at first , according to media accounts . It even invested in Arrington 's new $ 20 million venture , called CrunchBase . But journalists and other media outlets started lobbing criticism at TechCrunch and AOL , saying it 's unethical for a guy who runs a blog as big as TechCrunch to also control a massive pot of money that could help make or break the subjects of its articles . Then AOL said Arrington had stepped down from his post and could write for the site , but only as an unpaid blogger . Siegler has plenty to say about all of this  note : If you 're in AOL 's human resources department , I think you 'll definitely want to keep reading  : "  AOL seems to think that by cutting off the biggest conflicts -- ones so big that they 'd obviously have to be disclosed -- that they 'll be a bastion of integrity in the editorial landscape , " he wrote . "  What a bunch of horse s -- . The conflicts we need to worry about are the ones not disclosed . " David Carr , a media critic at The New York Times , does n't buy this argument , in part because millions of dollars are at stake . "  TechCrunch is capable of tearing the limbs off a baby company , but it 's been a generally nurturing place for start-ups when Mr. Arrington has skin in the game , " he wrote in a much-circulated column . Carr writes : "  At this point , it seems that AOL executives would open up a lemonade stand in front of their headquarters if they thought it would help their bottom line . But the idea of a news site that covers every aspect of nascent tech companies sharing a brand name and founder with a venture capital firm financing these same companies seems almost comically over the line . " Other journalists have defended TechCrunch and Arrington . "  Arrington , remember , started TechCrunch not as a journalistic venture but instead to gather and share information about startups and to promote himself as an investor . He is returning to his roots , " writes Jeff Jarvis , a journalism professor at the City University of New York . Arrington is n't trying to be an impartial journalist , Jarvis writes on his blog , BuzzMachine . "  He 's trying to get information , " he says . "  He does it well . He has covered startups better than any big paper . " The Atlantic Wire says the whole thing is "  playing out like a Shakespearean tragedy . " For his part , Siegler thinks his blog can survive all this turmoil -- even without Arrington . But TechCrunch wo n't be the same , he writes , since Arrington 's savvy and personality percolate through all of the website 's content . "  Could TechCrunch survive without Mike Arrington ? Probably . We 're doing so many pageviews now , and the machine is so profitable , that you can plug in other parts and it will run . But without him , it will not be the same . You might not think you 'll miss what he brings , but you will . Quite often , you never even see what he brings . But it permeates the entire site . "	TechCrunch is a popular tech blog owned by AOL The blog 's founder creates a venture capital firm to invest in tech companies Writer says the blog is in turmoil and may never be the same
WATERTOWN , South Dakota  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama linked Sen. John McCain Friday with what he called "  the failed policies " of the Bush administration , accusing the presumed Republican presidential nominee and the White House of "  bombastic exaggerations and fear-mongering " in place of "  strategy and analysis and smart policy . " "  What we 've done over the last eight years does not work , " the Democratic front-runner said . Obama accused McCain of supporting a track record from the Bush administration that included the failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq , a longer and more expensive war in Iraq than was initially projected , the continued freedom of September 11 mastermind Osama bin Laden and the strengthening of Iran after the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq . "  The American people are going to look at the evidence , " he said . "  We do n't get a sense that this has been a wise foreign policy or a smart foreign policy or a tough foreign policy . This has been a policy that oftentimes revolved around a lot of bluster and big talk , but very little performance , and what the American people want right now is performance . " In a speech at the annual meeting of the National Rifle Association in Louisville , Kentucky , on Friday , McCain defended his foreign policy positions , saying the United States has a realistic chance of success in Iraq after four years of costly mistakes . McCain called some of Obama 's ideas "  reckless " and questioned his understanding of America 's standing in the world . Watch McCain take on Obama 's comments " "  It would be a wonderful thing if we lived in a world where we do n't have enemies , " the Arizona Republican said . "  That 's not the world we live in . And until Sen. Obama understands that reality , the American people have every reason to doubt whether he has strength , judgment and determination to keep us safe . " The verbal sparring took place a day after President Bush suggested in a speech before the Israeli Knesset that those who want to shift American policy to include direct talks with what he called "  terrorists and radicals " were appeasers and delusional . Watch more of the controversy surrounding Bush 's speech " "  I do n't take what Bush says personally , but I was offended by what is a continuation of strategy from this White House , now mimicked by Sen. McCain , that replaces strategy and analysis and smart policy with bombast , exaggerations and fear-mongering , " Obama said . Watch more of Obama 's comments " "  The speech yesterday was not about an actual policy argument . It was about politics and scaring the American people , and that 's what will not work in this election , " he said . Obama said he would offer "  tough diplomacy " to the leaders of Iran , Syria , Venezuela and North Korea "  without preconditions , although with preparation , and I would present to them very clearly what my expectations would be in terms of them changing their behavior . " On Thursday , McCain spoke warily of Obama 's willingness to meet with dictators and "  state sponsors of terrorists . " "  I have some news for Sen. Obama , " McCain told the NRA Friday . "  Talking , not even with soaring rhetoric ... will not convince Iran to give up its nuclear program . It is reckless to suggest that unconditional meetings will advance our interests . " Speaking to reporters earlier , McCain said he disagreed with Obama 's desire to talk with Iran 's president . "  What you do , if you sit down face to face , as Sen. Obama wants to do , is you legitimize a regime that 's dedicated to the extinction of Israel , supports terrorist organizations and is responsible for deaths of brave young Americans , " McCain said . McCain also said he would not meet with representatives of Hamas , the Palestinian organization listed as a terrorist group by the United States and Israel , which won elections in 2006 and now controls Gaza while U.S.-friendly President Mahmoud Abbas controls the West Bank . Obama agreed with that position , calling Hamas a terrorist organization that has vowed to destroy Israel . But Obama said McCain and Bush have to answer for Iran 's benefiting from the invasion of Iraq , Hamas ' gaining control of Gaza and Iran 's continued funding of terrorist organizations , all of which , he said , have affected U.S. security . "  That 's the Bush-McCain record on protecting this country , " he said at a Watertown , South Dakota , town hall meeting . "  Those are the failed policies that John McCain wants to double-down on . " "  I am happy to have a debate with John McCain and George Bush about foreign policy , " Obama said . "  I believe that there is no separation between George Bush and John McCain when it comes to our Middle East policy , and I think their policy has failed . " In Kentucky , McCain said he would also welcome a debate about "  protecting America . " "  No issue is more important , " he said . "  Sen. Obama claimed all I had to offer was a quote ` naive and irresponsible belief ' that tough talk would cause Iran to give up its nuclear program . He should have known better . " CNN 's associate political editor Rebecca Sinderbrand and political producer Ed Hornick contributed to this story .	McCain blasts Obama 's comments in NRA speech Obama slams Bush over attack "  that alienates us from the rest of the world " He blasts McCain for "  embracing " Bush 's attacks
CNN  -- War crimes prosecutors Thursday asked a court to order supermodel Naomi Campbell to give evidence in the trial of former Liberian President Charles Taylor . They said Campbell received rough diamonds from Taylor , and claimed her testimony would prove that the former president "  used rough diamonds for personal enrichment and arms purchases , " according to papers filed with the U.N.-backed court . Campbell has said she does not want to be involved in the case , prosecutors said , forcing them to ask the court to issue a subpoena ordering her to appear . "  Her anticipated evidence rebuts the accused 's testimony that he never possessed rough diamonds , " prosecutors said . Prosecutors said they learned last June that Taylor had given the supermodel a diamond in South Africa in 1997 . The actress Mia Farrow confirmed it , they said . "  Ms. Farrow was present at the reception where the accused met Ms. Campbell and was told the next morning by Ms. Campbell about the gift , " they said in the court papers . Campbell 's lawyer did not respond to repeated prosecution e-mails and phone calls earlier this year after The New York Times reported that Campbell was cooperating with the prosecution , court papers say . She was confronted on Oprah Winfrey 's television show with the accusation that she had received a diamond from Taylor , and did not deny it , prosecutors said . "  I do n't want to be involved in this man 's case -- he has done some terrible things and I do n't want to put my family in danger , " they quoted her as saying . Campbell did not immediately respond to CNN request for comment about the case . Taylor , 62 , has been on trial for nearly three years . He is accused of fueling a bloody civil war in Sierra Leone that led to widespread murder , rape and mutilation . The war , which involved riches from the diamond trade , was fought largely by teenagers who were forced to kill , given addictive drugs to provoke violent behavior , and often instructed to rape and plunder . Taylor denies the charges . "  I am not guilty of all of these charges , not even a minute part of these charges , " he said in the first day of defense testimony last July . "  This whole case is a case of deceit , deception , lies . " The trial is being held at the Special Court for Sierra Leone , in The Hague , the Netherlands . The court was set up jointly by the west African country of Sierra Leone and the United Nations . The court did not immediately respond to a CNN e-mail about when it would rule on the prosecution request for a subpoena , or what power it would have to enforce it . The prosecution also asked to be allowed to reopen its case or to present the Campbell and Farrow testimony in its rebuttal . The case is now in the defense phase .	Prosecutors of Charles Taylor say supermodel got diamonds from former Liberian president Naomi Campbell will not testify voluntarily , they say Taylor faces war crimes charges in special court over brutal war in Sierra Leone He denies charges
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen 's armed forces have a new look after President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi ordered major changes to both the military 's leadership and structure on Wednesday . The expansive reshuffle appears to have removed those loyal to Yemen 's previous President Ali Abdullah Saleh from their powerful positions within the military , with several other generals attaining appointments to new positions . As part of the restructuring , the elite republican guard and the first armored division will be absorbed into the country 's Defense Ministry . The republican guard has been led by Saleh 's eldest son , Ahmed Ali Saleh , and Gen. Ali Mohsen Al-Ahmar , who defected during the 2011 Yemeni uprising , has commanded the first armored division . "  General Ahmed Ali and Ali Mohsen are a headache for millions of Yemenis dreaming of a better country and a real national military , " Farea Al-Muslimi , a Yemeni youth activist , told CNN . "  It 's a good step , but it should have been done a long time ago ... It wo n't happen overnight , " added Al-Muslimi . "  It will need a few years for this to work out . " Amnesty details ` horrific abuses ' in southern Yemen "  Yemen will head in the right direction with this restructuring of the armed forces and the ending of the contentious divisions in the military , " said a Yemeni government official who was not authorized to speak to the media . Yemen 's military will now consist of five branches : Land Forces , Air Forces , Navy and Coastal Defense Forces , Border Guard , and the Strategic Reserve Forces , according to a news release from the Yemeni embassy in Washington . The Land Forces command will oversee seven regional commands , and the Strategic Reserve Forces will include the recently established presidential protective brigades , the new missile defense command and the new special operations command , the release said . A top presidential aide told CNN that the restructuring needed to take place quickly if Yemen was to go forward . "  We are working towards a unified army under a unified leadership , and this needs to take place now , " the presidential aide said , asking to remain anonymous due to the sensitivity of the issue . The changes came as protests continued in front of Hadi 's residence . Demonstrators said they would n't participate in the upcoming National Dialogue Conference unless Saleh 's relatives and loyalists who hold key military and security posts are removed . Yemeni officials have been hoping all the political factions in the country would meet at the conference . President of Yemen visits White House Youth activists celebrated in Change Square on Wednesday , calling the latest decrees a clear victory for reformists and those seeking democracy . "  We support these decisive military decisions , and a major part of our demands have finally been accepted , " said Khaled al-Anesi , a leading activist among the first to publicly call for restructuring the military . "  After the removal of Saleh aides , we will seek justice for those who were killed by the previous regime , " he added . Hadi took power in February as part of a Gulf Cooperation Council-backed deal that forced Saleh to trade his position for immunity after a year of political unrest destabilized the country . A United Nations envoy remains in Yemen to help with the transition . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom reported on this story from Beirut , Hakim Almasmari reported on this story from Sanaa , Yemen , and Mark Morgenstein wrote it in Atlanta .	Yemen 's president restructures the military to remove predecessor 's allies The nation 's military will now have five branches ; Defense Ministry takes over 2 groups Activist calls the restructuring "  a good step " but warns "  it wo n't happen overnight . "
CNN  -- I have a memory of standing by the fence in my neighbor 's yard . I was 6 . My sister and I have had to run next door because mom 's been wasted for weeks on end , and now she 's got a shotgun . She 's fired it once already . Two of the taller neighborhood kids are nearby , one standing on top of the other 's shoulders , peering over the fence and describing what she sees . "  Your grandpa 's got a 2 by 4 and he 's going into the house . " The scene ends . I could tell you dozens of stories like this . Years later , I learned that grandpa had broken down the door to find mom on the bed with a shotgun and a suicide note , maybe too scared to pull the trigger . My mother was a lifelong addict -- from heroin to alcohol and pills to methadone and pills . If you asked her why , she would tell you she just liked getting high . If you were inclined to believe the prevailing sentiment about addiction as a kind of degenerate hedonism , you could hate her for being a junky screw-up , and for never managing to put anyone or anything before her addiction . Watch video : Living with my mother 's addiction And it was n't just my mother . Mental illness , drug addiction and suicidal tendency ran so thick in my family that as a teenager I just waited for the day when I would get mine . The medical professionals in those days just focused on the genes . They did n't talk as much about the life circumstances surrounding the addicts . But a few years ago , I started to hear some different ideas . "  Addictions always originate in pain , so the question is never really why the addiction , but why the pain , " said Dr. Gabor Mate , a Canadian physician who specializes in the study and treatment of addiction . He went on to say that nearly every single one of his skid row junkies had a severe history of childhood trauma . How heroin kills you This idea was new to me . I began to learn more about the effects of trauma on the human psyche , and I found my family on every page of the literature . Mental illnesses of all kinds , suicidal tendency and addiction are all the remnants of a past severely marred by abuse , neglect and the utter lack of control over one 's circumstances . I learned that unresolved trauma fractures the psyche , and hardwires the brain to permanently elevated levels of stress . The result is that chronically traumatized people no longer have any baseline state of calm or comfort . Owing to these chronically elevated stress levels , substances like alcohol and heroin , which offer an intoxicating buzz to the average person , give the chronically traumatized individuals their first taste of soothing and calm , which make them feel normal for the first time in their lives . I went from heroin addict to PTA mom Letting some of this new understanding take root , I found that I could begin to forgive my then ailing mother for the harm she and her addictions had caused over the years . I could grieve for the difficult life she must have lived before my birth , even if I did n't understand the details , and I could offer her a compassion that I did n't think I was capable of before . And then something unexpected happened . Released from the firewall of my rage , she was able to open up and tell me about her own history of trauma . Caught between a sexually abusive uncle and an emotionally abusive mother , she had turned to black-out binge drinking at age 14 , and it had been one substance or another every day ever since . And here 's where the light went on . Talking to my mother , I realized that nothing that our punitive systems and shaming culture might inflict on her would ever be greater than the internal suffering that compelled her to constantly seek obliteration of her own life with substances and suicide attempts . I now believe that punishing those who are already suffering will never foster the kind of change we all so desperately need these individuals to make . Because this particular addict was my mother , I had the incentive to do the hard work of finding the human being behind the nightmare , of letting go of the disgust and blame , and seeing an incredibly wounded person in need of our support . This is much harder to do when the person is a stranger on the street , or in the prison system . My mother died of lung cancer six months ago . I ca n't speak to what may have happened if she had access to truly empathetic health care and trauma counseling . I can say that understanding her pain , and the roots of her addiction , has been incredibly healing for me . Opinion : We can prevent fatal ODs like Hoffman 's We need a society that focuses less on retribution and more on recovery for its most troubled members . We need to design policies that enable people to end their cycles of violent and addictive behaviors . Punishment is not an end in itself , and may lead to more damage , and the exacerbation of these cycles . What if we were to take a moment to realign our values toward seeing the injured human behind the unconscionable actions ? Could we then do better at creating systems within which people can actually heal and change and recover ? I believe that by starting with the right questions -- simple and compassionate -- like "  Why the pain ? " we can come up with better solutions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Caledonia Curry .	Caledonia Curry : My mother was a lifelong addict -- from heroin to alcohol to pills Curry : The idea that addictions always originate in pain was an eye-opener I began to forgive my mother and the harms that her addictions had caused , she says Curry : We need a society that focuses less on retribution and more on recovery for addicts
London  CNN  -- A group of elderly Kenyans who say they were tortured under British colonial rule are seeking compensation at London 's High Court in a case that could expose the UK to thousands of claims from across its former territories . Four Kenyans , aged in their 70s and 80s , have traveled from their homes in rural Kenya to press their claim that Britain is liable for the abuse they suffered during the Mau Mau uprising -- during which hundreds of ordinary Kenyans , including Barack Obama 's grandfather , were arrested . Lawyers for the four say they suffered extreme acts of torture -- including castration and sexual assault -- at the hands of British administration officials in detainment camps during the uprising between 1952 and 1961 . But Britain 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office denies all liability and wants the judge to throw out the case on the grounds that all liability transferred to the Kenyan Republic when the country gained independence in 1963 . The case , which could set a precedent allowing thousands of former British subjects to claim compensation , has thrown new light on the country 's colonial past after a huge cache of secret files relating to British administration in 37 colonies was uncovered . The Foreign Office has been ordered to produce all evidence relevant to the Kenya case , including hundreds of boxes of files , secretly smuggled out of the country ahead of independence . These are said to contain graphic accounts of prisoner abuse . CNN 's Nima Elbagir , reporting from the High Court , said the files contained "  pretty horrific detail . " Despite the British government 's efforts to derail the case , Wambugu Wa Nyingi , one of the victims pursuing the claim , said he expected a ruling that would allow him to find closure . "  I am confident the British government has elders who believe in justice and doing the right thing , they will listen to us and give us something that will help us in the remaining part of our lives , " he told CNN . During the uprising , as many as 150,000 Kenyans were incarcerated in what was then British East Africa , accused of being members of the resistance movement started by marginalized tribes . Among them were many ordinary citizens , including U.S. President Obama 's grandfather . Obama referred to his grandfather 's incarceration in his memoir "  Dreams from My Father , " writing that Hussein Onyango Obama , who fought with the British Army during World War II , was held for six months but found innocent . Nyingi , who is 83 this year , says he was detained without charge for nine years , beaten with sticks and forced into labor . He says he survived a massacre at one British-run camp after which he lay unconscious for three days alongside 11 people who were killed . "  I suffered physical violence on my head , on my legs , I still have the scars today because of the beatings from the colonial administrators , " he told AFP . "  I am here to get justice for the many of my colleagues who have since died , and others who are still alive but living in abject poverty because of the injustices that were committed by the British colonial government . "  It 's their responsibility to own up and pay us back now , compensate us , so that when I die , I do not have to keep telling my grandchildren of the injustices that were done . " In a statement , the Foreign Office said it welcomed debate Kenya 's colonial past , but it intended to defend the case . "  We understand the strong feelings that the Mau Mau issue still creates in Kenya and elsewhere . It remains a deeply divisive issue within Kenya and one on which historians continue to debate , " it said .	Four elderly Kenyans are seeking compensation for torture experienced during the Mau Mau uprising Case has exposed secret files covering Britain 's rule of 47 colonies Mau Mau rebellion led to arrest of thousands of Kenyans including Barack Obama 's grandfather
Washington  CNN  -- The man named one month ago to head the troubled Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms , and Explosives announced Wednesday he is dramatically shaking up the agency , which he readily acknowledged has been damaged by a controversial gun-trafficking operation . Acting Director Todd Jones said after 30 days of studying ATF issues and staff he is instigating a major shuffle of ATF personnel but is not yet firing anyone . Jones vowed a thorough internal review of "  all investigative processes . " Jones announced 11 high-level changes , including naming as his deputy Thomas Brandon who has overseen the Phoenix office for the past six months following bitter internal controversy over a gun operation there . "  These have been difficult times for everyone in ATF because of a case in a division , " Jones told reporters . He then quickly confirmed he was talking about the controversial "  Operation Fast and Furious " in ATF 's Phoenix Division , which featured ATF agents allowing illegally purchased firearms to "  walk " from Arizona gun stores across the Mexican border and into the hands of drug cartels . The plan was to trail the weapons to the cartels , but thousands of firearms were lost in the process . Jones also said he understood trust has been damaged within ATF and said it would take time to heal . "  We 're going to have to rebuild trust , " he said , referring to the reputation of ATF from its own agents and from other law enforcement agencies . The issue blew up in December 2010 , when Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was murdered , and two guns at the crime scene were part of the "  Fast and Furious " operation . " The continuing debate over who approved the operation and how soon top Justice Department officials knew of it is fueled in part by partisan politics . Some Republicans are clamoring for a special counsel to investigate whether Attorney General Eric Holder or any of his top political aides knew of the operation early on , and could have stopped it . Read up on Holder 's alleged role in the operation Some Democrats , meanwhile , point to a similar "  gun-walking " operation run out of the Phoenix Division 's sub-office in Tucson that began in 2006 under the Bush administration called Operation Wide Receiver . Some of the defendants in that case are still being prosecuted . Jones said he was confident there were no other operations which involved cases of "  guns walking . " Jones sought to stay above the political fray . "  I 'm a political appointee , but I 'm not a politician , " Jones told a dozen reporters at ATF headquarters in Washington . Jones insisted he had no view on the Republican-led congressional investigation . He lumped the two Arizona cases together and said the ATF now has a "  heightened awareness of the tactic allowing gun-walking . " Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa and the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , released a statement after Jones ' announcement saying , "  The reassignments are positive , especially in the case of Tom Brandon who I hope can help lead this agency out of its troubles . "  But , I caution that rearranging the chairs on the deck , wo n't make Fast and Furious go away . " Grassley said he also questioned the timing of the announcement . "  There is a lot of effort at the Justice Department to spin the fact that the Attorney General was less than candid before the House Judiciary Committee , and what better way to make that go away than a bureaucratic shuffle , " Grassley said in the statement Jones was named to the position by Holder 30 days ago , when former Acting Director Ken Melson , under fire , was ousted and given a job as an adviser at the Justice Department . Jones said he plans to continue to wear two hats . He heads the ATF while also serving as U.S. attorney for Minnesota . He expressed confidence he can manage his time to serve in both capacities . The acting director sidestepped political issues but was clear in his caution to Congress not to slash the ATF budget because of the current controversy . "  I hope that does not happen . We 'll be smart about what we ask for , " he said . Jones said he intended to refocus the ATF on its core mission of fighting violent crime and protecting the American public . He repeatedly said he would await the outcome of the ongoing congressional investigation of "  Fast and Furious , " as well as the inspector general 's investigation before deciding whom to hold accountable . "  What went wrong ? I do n't know what went wrong , " Jones said . "  We 'll have to wait for those reports . "	ATF is laboring under the cloud of "  Operation Fast and Furious " Firearms from the U.S. wound up in the hands of Mexican drug cartels The acting director concedes "  these have been difficult times for everyone in ATF " He announces a major shake-up , with 11 high-level changes
CNN  -- After months of turmoil in Europe 's financial markets , Greece has an opportunity to do something that just a few weeks ago would have seemed incomprehensible -- knock Germany out of the Euro . Not the single currency , of course , but Euro 2012 -- the competition that pits the continent 's best soccer teams against each other . Friday 's quarterfinal clash is being heralded as the ultimate grudge match after months of wrangling over the future of Europe 's economy , and Germany 's insistence on sweeping austerity measures in Greece after providing the bulk of its bailout money . Though the recent rivalry has been provoked by matters of finance , the suffering endured during Nazi occupation in World War II has left many Greeks with strong anti-German feelings . It is far from the first time political and sporting lines have become blurred , even in the current European Championship tournament . Economic turmoil has ` affected ' Greece at Euro 2012 Poland 's group match with Russia last week provoked running battles on the streets of Warsaw as fans from both nations transported historical tensions to the modern day . Fighting started after city officials sanctioned a Russian national day march before the game . Joseph Stalin 's Russia occupied Poland shortly after the outbreak of World War II , and the Communist regime 's influence extended for many years . Even inside the National Stadium last Tuesday , away fans unfurled a banner that read "  This is Russia " -- infuriating Polish supporters . Perhaps the most notorious case of football fanning the flames of political dispute came when a World Cup qualification clash between Honduras and El Salvador sparked a four-day war in 1969 . The Latin American neighbors had been at odds over issues of migration and land reform , and the two legs prompted angry clashes between fans . Greece star focused on football This , in turn , led to skirmishes on the border before Salvador launched bombing raids . Four days later a ceasefire deal was clinched . At the World Cup in 1998 , the United States and Iran met in a combustible fixture that those involved claimed did more for relations between the two countries than 20 years of infrequent political dialogue . A 2008 clash between North and South Korea had to be contested in China after the North refused to play its neighbor 's anthem or fly its flag before the World Cup qualifier . After the return game in Seoul in 2009 , the South 's victory was followed by the North 's accusations of tactical food poisoning . Perhaps the most politically-charged games of football ever to take place came in 1974 when East Germany met West Germany at the World Cup . The nation was still divided after World War II , and proved the staging post for years of Cold War tensions between Russia and the West . East Germany forward Jurgen Sparwasser scored the only goal of the game but West Germany had the last laugh , going on to win the tournament on home soil . Germany 's games against the Netherlands also prove to be a hotbed of hostility , which has its roots in World War II and Nazi occupation . Former Dutch coach Rinus Michels summed up the rivalry between the two nations prior to their 1974 World Cup final clash when he said "  football is war . " Midfielder Willem van Hanegem went one step further , reportedly saying : "  I do n't like Germans . Every time I played against German players . I had a problem because of the war . " War was also the backdrop for England 's meeting with Argentina in the 1986 World Cup , coming just four years after the countries had finished fighting in the Falklands Islands . The match was immortalized forever by Diego Maradona 's handball goal , which he later said was scored by the "  Hand of God . " He claimed in his autobiography the goal was revenge for the Falklands conflict in 1982 , when Britain bombarded the islands after Argentina 's invasion and occupation of the disputed territory . The fledgling nations of Serbia and Bosnia-Herzegovina clashed on the pitch and in the stands when they met in 2008 just a few years after the end of a brutal war . And in North Africa , a World Cup playoff between Egypt and Algeria in 2009 saw both nations recall their ambassadors when team buses were stoned and fans repeatedly clashed on the streets . Let us know what you think about football 's biggest grudge matches in the comments section below .	Germany and Greece to meet in last eight of Euro 2012 in the ultimate grudge match Ongoing Eurozone crisis has added a political edge to the quarterfinal clash Friday 's game will be one of the biggest grudge matches in football history Other rivalries include the old East and West Germany and Argentina vs. England
CNN  -- Some might say that Scott Schreck ruined his family 's vacation , but he also redeemed himself . The father 's wrong turn got his family lost in the Florida Everglades , but his outdoor skills helped steer rescuers to their location . The Schreck family -- Scott , Carrie and their three young boys -- spent a night in the swampy wilderness Thursday in an ecosystem home to alligators , snakes and mosquitoes . The five passengers had set out that day for a tour in the Everglades in a borrowed airboat , but a wrong turn placed them in an unplanned adventure . The airboat became stuck in vegetation and could n't be turned around . "  This is the first time I 've been out here , so obviously I 'm a novice on this body of water . Not the thing to do , " Schreck told CNN affiliate WPLG . Earlier , the Seville , Ohio , family had enjoyed a fun time fishing for bass and taking photos of alligators . Once they got stuck , leisure time turned to survival time . The avid outdoorsman hacked down some cypress trees to make a lean-to . "  We had a whole bunch of life jackets .  We  put it on top to keep the rain off , " Schreck said . It was a rainy and cold night , and the family -- who were wearing only T-shirts and shorts -- huddled close for warmth . "  It was kinda cold and wet , we did n't really go to sleep at all , and there were lots of mosquitoes , " 9-year-old Luke Schreck told WPLG . "  I was kind of scared . I did n't know when we were going to get out . " His brothers are 7 and 3 years old . When the Schrecks did not return from their trip on Thursday , concerned family members called the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . Numerous local agencies aided in the search with airboats and aerial observation . The dense vegetation and camouflage airboat that the Schrecks used made the rescue difficult , officials said . "  It 's like looking for a needle in a haystack , " Miami-Dade Fire Rescue spokesman Lt. Arnold Piedrahita Jr. told WPLG . In addition to building the shelter , the Schrecks fired a flare into the night , and in the morning used air horns and whistles to make noise that ultimately led to their rescue . "  We were n't able to see them , we were only able to hear them , " Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission spokesman Jorge Pino told the affiliate . The family was examined and released from a local hospital . The next order of business , Luke Schreck said , was to get some sleep . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	The Schreck family went on an airboat tour of the Everglades They became lost and had to spend the night in the woods They used airhorns to make noise that led rescuers to them
CNN  -- Running an airline creates an astonishing amount of waste . Food , fuel , and the millions of tons of waste from worn carpets , uniforms and seat cushions adds up . Fortunately , many have started to get creative with recycling , turning their used goods into bags , quilts , shoes , carpets , and in one instance , a wedding dress . What passengers do n't see when they board a plane is that many components have a shelf life . Life vests , for instance , are only good for six years before they need replacing . Even the seats have an expiration date . "  After so many dry cleanings , seat covers lose their fire retardant coating , so by FAA rules , they ca n't remain on the plane , " explains Matt Mahler , founder of Tierra Ideas , an design label that 's teamed with Delta Airlines to create bags and wallets from the carrier 's old seat covers and curtains . Since partnering with Mahler in 2010 , the airline has recycled 7,973 pounds of textiles . Gallery : How dead airplanes get a second life Nothing generates as much potential rubbish as a merger or logo change however . In those instances , any material bearing the old emblem or company colors needs to be scrapped to make way for the new . When KLM changed their uniforms 18 months ago , they had tons of useless fabric on their hands . They decided to give it to Desso Aviation , a carpet company with a zero-waste , 100 % biodegradable approach known as "  cradle-to-cradle " . Desso wove the uniforms into carpets , which were kitted out on the new World Business Class cabin on KLM 's Boeing 747-400 fleet , this July . Usually , Desso likes to know the background of products , because it affects how the materials will be used going forward . Nylon carpets , for instance , can be recycled , and turned into new carpets . When a wool carpet surpasses its utility , it gets turned into secondary fuel for the cement industry , and the leftover chalk gets used for backing carpet tiles . Delta disposes its carpets in a similar way , saving 340 tons of materials from the dumpster . Finnair has a more do-gooder approach . Old uniforms get sent to clean up oil spills , blankets are shipped to refugee camps in Myanmar and airline seats get fashioned into passenger seats in Finnish Red Cross emergency vehicles . Finnair also donates clothing and furniture to workshops for special needs individuals . "  We do n't need to make a new business opportunity for ourselves ; we 're not in the recycling business and do n't want to go into it , " says Kati IhamÃ $ ki , Finnair 's vice president for sustainable development . "  Instead , we 'd rather help others find and create new opportunities from our old products , " Finnair also collaborates with design label Global Hope , which also creates bags from their old uniforms . The carrier also sponsors competitions with local clothing and furniture designers , pushing them to create goods from their discards . Recently , the winner in a Finnish wedding design competition used KLM uniforms to create her couture gown . Report : Airline recycling in ` sorry state ' However , Air France-KLM currently lead the pack in terms of their environmental efforts  the company has topped the Dow Jones Sustainability Index four years running  . Sophie Virapin , Air France 's vice president of sustainable development , estimates 80 % of their on-board material is recycled and reused . In December , the airline teamed with upcycling design label Bilum to create bags from old billboard posters and life jackets . The life jacket cases , which retailed for $ 31 , have already sold out . "  Of our projects , the bags were fun and sexy for customers and the media , but they were just one little action , " says Virapin , who is eager to point out the many less enticing ways Air France has cut back on waste . Plastic meal trays are repurposed to create plastic cutlery , the cables from seat backs are refashioned into headphones and retired aircraft are combed for reusable parts , which either get reborn in newer planes or passed on to General Electric . "  When we launch a new product , we always ask , ` what is the life cycle of this product and what will we do with it at the end of its life ? ' " says Virapin .	Delta , Finnair and Air France have teamed with designers to craft bags from worn gear and uniforms Delta says it has recycled 7,973 pounds of textiles Delta and KLM 's old carpets turned into secondary fuel for the cement industry Finnair donates old materials to local workshops
CNN  It wo n't come as news to anyone in America today that the authority to make an arrest carries with it the potential to escalate to lethal force . But the seemingly innocuous genesis of police authority  initial stop and question , pulling someone over for a traffic violation  becomes significant because of the potential result  deadly force  . A minor traffic stop can be the springboard to a check for outstanding warrants . An initial stop can therefore lead to an arrest . And an arrest , we know , can have fatal results . In South Carolina earlier this month , Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant for over $ 18,000 in unpaid child support , according to court records . That means that once he was stopped , he probably knew before the police officer that his own arrest was a foregone conclusion . But failure to pay child support is not a crime . At least , not in the traditional sense , though states do criminalize it . It 's rightly a civil matter . Skipping child support court should similarly not be a crime either . This means that a bench warrant for failing to appear in child support court is n't about catching criminals -- it 's bill collection , only with a collection agency bristling with lethal and other weapons , and acting under color of law . This raises some serious questions about what exactly we want our heavily armed law enforcement officers to be doing . Not all "  warrants " are created equal . Sometimes there are warrants for arrest , which are issued for alleged murders , drug dealing or sexual assault . Then there are cases like the Scott case . Bench warrants for deadbeat dads are not arrest warrants for crimes . Do n't get me wrong . Deadbeat and absent dads are one of the most serious and often overlooked threats to our collective well-being today . Forget the school-to-prison-pipeline . Lousy parents are the prison pipeline ; particularly symptomatic of this problem are absent and deadbeat dads . Still , given our justifiably dim view of deadbeat dads and child support court scofflaws , there is ultimately something Dickensian in our remedy for enforcement . First , it 's important to keep in mind that nearly every instance of a family court 's intrusion into the private family unit is an undesirable event . Yes , parents who ca n't resolve noncustodial support can turn to the courts , but once the courts and law enforcement are involved , they do things their way . And it almost always could have been avoided if the family could have resolved issues on their own . South Carolina family courts enforce their child support orders through civil contempt proceedings . Oftentimes and sadly so , papa is a rolling stone , and he falls behind on his payments . When a supporting parent has fallen behind , the court clerk sends dad an order to show up in court and explain why he should not be held in contempt for violating the payment order . At the hearing , that parent may demonstrate that he is not in contempt by showing that , well , he would love to pay , but right now he 's just in the process of getting himself together -- and he actually has a job interview tomorrow or some variation of the well-established language of support shirkers . The bottom line is dad can try to demonstrate he 's too poor to pay his child 's support . If he fails to demonstrate this inability , the court may hold him in civil contempt and actually imprison him , unless and until he purges himself by making the required child support payments . What follows is typically a macabre combination of a telethon , a game show and debtor 's prison . The defendant calls friends and family to crowdfund his down payment to get out of jail . If he ca n't , he 'll be stuck in jail until he does pay . And let 's face it : While it 's hard to drum up a lot of sympathy for deadbeat dads , jailing someone for their debt makes it a little difficult to , you guessed it , earn money to pay that debt . Of course , since getting yelled at in court or sent to jail is unpleasant , dads have a remarkable ability to forget about court or get dates "  mixed up . " The court 's remedy is to issue a warrant to bring dad to court . That warrant is not technically a criminal arrest warrant , but it sure seems like an arrest warrant if dad gets picked up on a Friday afternoon and has to wait in jail all weekend to see the judge on Monday . The point is this : Some warrants are for the arrest of criminals . Those are the warrants we 're familiar with , from "  Law & Order " and every other cop show . Other warrants , like those for contempt of a support order , have nothing to do with crime . They 're bill collection and are essentially civil in nature . Yet we 've foisted that duty on the police as an ersatz collection agency . That 's right , the same police charged with arresting dangerous criminals are also dragooned into bill collection for the courts . When they run a driver 's name on a routine traffic stop and a deadbeat arrest warrant comes up , those same police who are armed with Tasers and firearms are suddenly tasked with arresting a guy for failing to pay his bills . Not because he 's dangerous . Not because he 's a criminal . Because he 's  breathtakingly  financially irresponsible . Walter Scott might have run because he knew the drill . He knew he was going to be arrested . He should n't have run . But he also definitely should n't have been shot . If he owed $ 18,000 in arrears , he definitely should n't have been looking to buy a Mercedes , as his final words on tape at least seem to suggest he was planning to do . But whether or not he ran , the result would have been the same : If he had a bench warrant , he was going to jail , by force if necessary , even though he does not appear to have committed a "  crime . " Of course , the counterargument is : If we do n't arrest them , how else do we make deadbeat dads pay up ? There 's no easy answer . But the better question may be : Why do we as a society not shun parents who do n't take care of their kids ? Social rejection can be an even stronger motivator than the threat of arrest . Arresting deadbeat dads is an extreme solution , and one that could be solved with less government intrusion , and more community involvement . The Scott situation has highlighted some harsh truths . If we continue to arrest and jail deadbeat dads , we ca n't be surprised when an armed police officer uses excessive and deadly force to arrest them . While no one should be shot for failure to pay support , we 're also training police that a warrant is a warrant and an arrest is an arrest . Are we comfortable as a society using an armed police force , empowered to use deadly force , to aid in collecting these bills ? If we are , then we have to be comfortable with the possibility that a delinquent dad is going to bolt when he gets stopped for a broken taillight . And if we 're comfortable with that , then we also have to be comfortable with the police giving chase , and making the arrest -- sometimes with whatever force they deem necessary in the moment . Then , our only defense is to watch . And record . Note : An earlier version of this article did not make clear that states do make failure to pay child support a crime .	Walter Scott was killed by a South Carolina police officer in April Danny Cevallos : Failure to pay child support should be a civil matter , not a crime
CNN  -- Defending champion Roger Federer and world number two Rafael Nadal were sent crashing from the Masters 1000 event in Cincinnati Friday . Federer , unbeaten at the hard court tournament since 2008 , went down tamely to eighth seed Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic , losing 6-2 7-6 in just over 90 minutes . Earlier , in-form Mardy Fish thrashed Nadal 6-3 6-4 to march into the semifinals in Ohio . Victory earned the seventh-seeded American a clash against fourth-ranked Andy Murray of Britain , who he beat in the corresponding tournament last year . The seventh seed , who pushed world number one Novak Djokovic all the way in the Montreal Masters final last week , continued that superb form against a listless Nadal . Fish claimed the early break against Nadal , who had been involved in a marathon tussle with fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco the previous evening , and never looked back . He wrapped up the first set in 43 minutes and broke through in the fifth game of the second as Nadal sent a forehand wide on break point against him . Fish , who was serving magnificently , never looked like surrendering the advantage and carved out three match points before winning it with a forehand passing shot after one hour 43 minutes . It was his first victory in seven attempts against the indominatable Nadal as he acknowledged in his post-match interview . "  He 's kicked my butt six times and it feels pretty good to have turned it around , " he told Sky Sports . "  I 'm so much more confident right now and if I was to choose a surface and a court I would choose this one , " he added . Murray , who crashed out in ignominious fashion in his opener in Montreal last week , has been showing much improved form and saw off France 's Gilles Simon 6-3 6-3 in an early morning encounter . "  It is good when you win to get it out of the way , " Murray told Sky Sports . "  I managed to get through and look forward to the next one . " But it was the defeat of Federer that proved the main talking point as the former world number one looked out of sorts from the start against the big-hitting Berdych . He was broken twice in the opening set and could not fashion a single break point . The second set was closer , but Berdych , who beat the Swiss star in the semifinals of Wimbledon last year , easily won the tiebreak 7-3 to progresss . He will play world number one Novak Djokovic , who was also given a scare before beating Gael Monfils in the night match . The French sixth seed took the first set , but his Serbian opponent recovered to win 3-6 6-4 6-3 in two and a half hours . "  It was a very physical match , but I hung in there and it was a good win , " Djokovic told AFP . The win takes Djokovic to 56-1 for the year with his only defeat to Federer in the semifinals of the French Open .	NEW : Novak Djokovic survives scare to beat Gael Monfils in Cincinnati Champion Roger Federer beaten by Tomas Berdych quarterfinals Mardy Fish also shocks second seed Rafael Nadal in straight sets He will play Britain 's Andy Murray who beat Gilles Simon in straight sets
CNN  -- Tito Vilanova stepped down as Barcelona coach Friday after the Spanish champions revealed he needed fresh treatment in his battle against cancer . Club president Sandro Rosell and sporting director Andoni Zubizaretta made the announcement at a specially convened media conference at the Nou Camp . The 44-year-old Vilanova led the Catalan giants to the La Liga title last season after succeeding Pep Guardiola in June 2012 . But he spent nearly three months on the sidelines after having surgery followed by a course of chemotherapy and radiotherapy in New York . Vilanova , a long-time assistant to Guardiola , had first been diagnosed with a cancerous tumor of the throat in November 2011 , but after having initial treatment returned to work in less than three weeks . He was appointed to the top job when his old boss quit and under his charge Barcelona made a storming start to last season . After his return in March following his treatment , they wrapped up the domestic title , but suffered a semifinal humiliation to Bayern Munich in the Champions League semifinals . Vilanova had been preparing his squad for the new season , but following news of his fresh health problems , the club announced their trip to Poland for a friendly with Lechia Gdansk Saturday had been canceled . Barcelona said assistant coach Joan Francesc Ferrer Sicilia would take temporary charge and Rosell said a new coach would be appointed "  probably early next week . " Vilanova 's battle with cancer has occurred in tandem with Eric Abidal , the French international defender , who was diagnosed with a liver tumor . When Barcelona clinched their 22nd La Liga title last season , club captain Carles Puyol stepped aside to allow Vilanova and Abidal to initially lift the trophy in recognition of their brave battles against illness . Abidal left the Catalan giants at the end of the season when he was not offered a fresh playing contract . Several Barcelona players , including Argentina star Lionel Messi and Puyol , attended Friday 's announcement of Vilanova 's latest setback .	Tito Vilanova steps down as coach of Spanish champions Barcelona Club cited health reasons as the 45-year-old battles cancer Vilanova succeeded Pep Guardiola in June 2012 First diagnosed with cancerous throat tumor in 2011
CNN  -- The megayacht that Steve Jobs commissioned in the final years of his life has been impounded in Amsterdam after a payment dispute involving the designer , Philippe Starck . The Venus , a 100-million-euro  $ 137.5 million  , 260-foot-long yacht , made its unofficial debut in late October . It 's currently stuck in the Port of Amsterdam after Starck hired a debt-collection agency to attempt to remit the final payment for his design . According to lawyers at Ubik -- Starck 's design company -- speaking with Reuters , the designer has only received 6 million of the 9-million-euro commission and is seeking the rest of the payment before the Venus will be released . "  These guys -LSB- Jobs and Starck -RSB- trusted each other , so there was n't a very detailed contract , " Roelant Klaassen , a lawyer for Ubik , told Reuters . The Venus is a floating ode to both Jobs and Starck 's minimalist aesthetic . Made entirely out of aluminum , with 40-foot-long floor-to-ceiling windows lining the passenger compartment and seven 27-inch iMacs making up the command center . In Walter Isaacson 's biography of Jobs , the late Apple CEO is quoted as saying that , "  I know that it 's possible I will die and leave Laurene with a half-built boat , but I have to keep going on . If I do n't , it 's an admission that I 'm about to die . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Apple co-founder Steve Jobs ' yacht impounded in pay dispute Designer Philippe Starck says he 's owed nearly $ 4 million The Venus cost more than $ 137 million , is 260 feet long
CNN  -- Thomas Aiken ensured South Africa continued to dominate the European Tour events after claiming victory by three shots at the Avantha Masters in India Sunday Aiken sealed the top prize of $ 392,000 after seeing off local favorite Gaganjeet Bhullar at the Greg Norman-designed par-72 Jaypee Greens outside New Delhi . The 29-year-old is the sixth South African to win a European tour event this year following Charl Schwartzel 's victory at the Alfred Dunhill championships , Louis Oosthuizen 's win at the Volvo Golf Champions , Richard Sterne 's success in Johannesburg , Darren Fichardt 's triumph at the Africa Open and Dawie Van der Walt 's effort at the Tshwane Open . Aiken , who is from Johannesburg , held off the challenge of Bhullar , who birdied the first three holes , had an eagle on the fifth before a spectacular finish saw him birdie three of the last five holes . "  It 's a big relief to win because the others played unbelievable golf , " 2011 Open de Espana winner Aiken told reporters . "  There was no breathing space the whole day with Gaganjeet having so many birdies towards the end . "  It was no walk in the park , but I think I played the par-fives well . This has been a fantastic week in India and ended just the way I wanted it to . " The home supporters had hoped Bhullar could give them something to celebrate , but despite being roared on by around 500 fans , he was unable to catch Aiken at the top of the leaderboard . "  After a few weeks , no one will remember that I came second . Everyone will only talk of Thomas , " he told reporters . "  But the important thing is that my game has improved . "  This tournament was like a putting competition . Everyone was hitting the ball long , it all depended on how you putted . I thought Thomas would make a mistake somewhere , but he played solidly the last two days . " Elsewhere , Prayad Marksaeng became only the third Thai to win his country 's national championship after claiming a two-stroke win to claim the $ 180,000 top prize at the Thailand Open Sunday . "  This means so much to me , " Prayad said , according to a statement by the tournament organizers . "  Yes I cried a bit ... I am happy the King 's Trophy will stay in Thailand . " Prayad jumped into the lake by the 18th green in celebration after carding 24-under-par for the tournament .	Thomas Aiken won Avantha Masters in India Sunday South African takes home winning prize of $ 392,000 India 's Gaganjeet Bhullar finished three shots back in second Prayad Marksaeng won Thai Open by two strokes
In the latest move in China 's anti-corruption campaign , more than 1,000 people in Guangdong Province have been marked as "  naked officials " -- those suspected of storing graft gains with overseas family members . According to Chinese state media , Xinhua news agency , an unnamed official source says 866 of the implicated officials have been removed from their posts , including nine at a mayoral level . Another 200 have asked their families to return to China , in exchange for keeping their posts . Many officials have family overseas , including President Xi Jinping , whose daughter is currently enrolled at Harvard University . "  Naked officials " refers to civil servants who have sent their families overseas allegedly with their ill-gotten assets . Moving money and family abroad is often seen as a precursor to officials ' own flight . A report by the Ministry of Commerce cited in the English-language China Daily showed 4,000 corrupt officials had fled the country with at least $ 50 billion between 1978 and 2003 . The names of the implicated Guangdong officials were not released , but Xinhua reported that 127 of the demoted officials are from Dongguan , a manufacturing hub dubbed "  sin city " for its thriving prostitution trade . The southern Chinese city was also the target of a government vice crackdown in February . Another 128 officials were demoted in the city of Jiangmen . One of the first to lose their position from the crackdown is Fang Xuan , the deputy chief of the Guangzhou Party Committee . This month , Fang applied for retirement five months earlier than planned after being "  found as a naked official , " Xinhua also reported . China 's netizens have largely been skeptical of the top-down anti-graft move . Many commented that the latest crackdown is inadequate for stamping out corruption . "  The anti-corruption drive is basically using guerrilla warfare tactics , shooting in one place then moving on to another . It agitates the chickens and the dogs , but the tigers just relocate their dens , " wrote Weibo user "  Qin Qianhong . " Since last year , Chinese President Xi Jinping has vowed to clean up the tarnished image of the Communist Party , pushing anti-graft campaigns and pledging to target "  mosquitoes " -- minor officials -- as well as "  tigers " -- top officials . Critics say the war on corruption is just Xi 's excuse for removing political opponents . Earlier this year , a report by the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists found that relatives of current and former top Chinese leadership are shareholders in offshore companies , allegedly storing away billions of illicit graft gains . The report included details of assets of two of former Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao 's children .	"  Naked officials " are suspected of storing illicit graft cash with families overseas Guangdong to "  naked officials " : bring back your families or get demoted Fang Xuan , deputy chief of Guangzhou Party Committee , first casualty in war on "  naked officials "
Rolling Stone  -- Rock stars and merchandising extraordinaires KISS have joined forces with Fox 's animated hit "  Family Guy " for a co-branded product line that will hit stores in fall , according to the Hollywood Reporter . Fox will develop the products with KISS ' licensing agent , Live Nation Merchandise , and will look for partners to make everything from bobblehead dolls to apparel to fine art . For a band that has licensed their image to everything from lunch boxes to pinball machines , KISS ' new partnership makes total sense . According to singer-guitarist Paul Stanley , the deal comes as KISS "  are focusing more and more on the upper-tier , blue-chip opportunities for prestige partnerships . "  Family Guy 's " track record and consistent success with its demographic makes this match-up ideal . " KISS are no strangers to "  Family Guy , " having already made three cameos on the program . They have even become part of a running storyline that involves a previous relationship between Lois Griffin and KISS bassist/ladies ' man Gene Simmons . "  KISS and ` Family Guy ' coming together for a line of products is a great mash-up of two iconic brands that speaks directly to fans who will be able to enjoy something a little different and special with what we have in store , " said Jeffrey Godsick , president of Fox Consumer Products . The joint licensing venture is the first in the company 's new series , which will encompass other notable "  Family Guy " guests in the future . KISS are in for a busy summer , cartoon merch aside ; they will hit the road alongside fellow metal deities MÃ ¶ tley Crue for a 40-date North American trek , simply dubbed "  The Tour . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Rock stars KISS have joined forces with animated hit "  Family Guy " Fox will develop the products with Live Nation Merchandise KISS has previously made three cameos on the show
Majer , Libya  CNN  -- Deafening peals of gunfire heralded the arrival of the caskets . There were 28 in all . One of them was only about two feet long and held aloft by a single man . Some of the robed men carrying these crude coffins wept loudly . All of them repeated the same chant : "  There is no God but Allah , and a martyr is loved by Allah . " At one point , some of the mourners pointed to the sky . A single warplane roared high overhead , appearing white against the cloudless blue backdrop . Libyan government officials said the mass funeral witnessed by foreign journalists Tuesday in the village of Majer accounted for a fraction of the people killed by a series of deadly airstrikes late Monday night . "  Eighty-five Libyan civilians , including 33 children , 20 men , 32 women and we 're still counting , were massacred last night in an intensive air raid by NATO on the town of Majer , " declared the spokesman for Moammar Gadhafi 's besieged government , Musa Ibrahim . It is impossible for CNN to confirm the extent of the casualties , and whether or not they were all civilian . Ibrahim addressed journalists from the rubble of one of five houses that he said had been bombed the previous night . Inside , a burned mattress was still smoking and the smell of explosive was in the air . As Ibrahim spoke , two plumes of smoke erupted in the distance . It was n't clear whether the explosions came from airstrikes or artillery . Ibrahim accused NATO of bombing Majer to clear the way for rebels to advance on the embattled Gadhafi-controlled city of Zlitan , located just a few kilometers to the north . "  This is a crime beyond imagination , " he concluded . For weeks , NATO warplanes have been bombing Zlitan on a daily basis . Meanwhile , rebels have been pressing toward Zlitan 's eastern gates from the nearby opposition-held port of Misrata . In an e-mail to CNN , NATO confirmed that aircraft bombed targets south of Zlitan Monday night . But a spokesman for the military alliance denied targeting civilians . "  NATO had very clear intelligence demonstrating that former farm buildings were being used as a staging point for pro-Gadhafi forces to conduct attacks against the people of Libya , " wrote a public affairs officer with NATO 's Operation Unified Protector , on condition of anonymity . "  We do not have evidence of civilian casualties at this stage , although military casualties , including mercenaries , are very likely owing to the nature of the target . " Determined to prove there was no presence of military personnel , Libyan government officials escorted a busload of foreign journalists to the scene of the bombardment . There were three neighboring compounds containing five bombed-out houses . Mattresses , clothes and books littered the ground . When journalists arrived at a shattered two-story house , several men began digging for what they said were the bodies of two boys named Adil Moayed Gafes and Aynan Gafes , trapped in the rubble . No bodies were found during the journalists ' visit . Another house was littered with medical textbooks written in English . A man , who joined the government entourage escorting journalists throughout the day , yelled angrily and waved two brightly colored schoolbooks as proof that children had been inside the destroyed house . Inside one notebook , a girl had written her name in Latin letters : Salwa Ageil Al Jaroud . Government officials said the first bomb dropped in the area around 11 p.m. Monday . They said a second airstrike slammed into the area moments later , as people were coming to rescue survivors . Despite the alleged massive loss of life in the target zone , journalists were not able to find a single trace of blood or flesh amid the ruins . Libyan state television , however , has been airing grisly night-time footage of rescuers digging through rubble with their bare hands and in some cases uncovering severed limbs . There was little doubt that 60-year-old Ali Mufta Hamed Gafes ' family had just suffered terrible , heart-wrenching tragedy . Next to the ruins of his two-story house , another elderly man embraced him , weeping . Later , Gafes visited the intensive care unit at Zlitan 's main hospital , and sobbed by the bedside of his wounded wife . Anna Kondrateva , a nurse from Ukraine , said Gafes ' wife lost one of her legs in the bomb attack . "  I am 54 years old , " said Olga Burmak , another Ukrainian nurse . "  I never knew what war was until NATO started bombing Zlitan several weeks ago . " Hospital workers said almost all the other wounded people had been transported to Tripoli for treatment . Instead , they brought journalists to a morgue that was overflowing with corpses . Many were badly mangled and burned . A man stood amid the bodies and pools of blood , showing journalists the grisly faces of the dead . Screaming at the top of his lungs , he denounced NATO . At one point , he lifted the dead body of a 2-year-old girl named Arwa to emphasize his point . Arwa 's father , Atiya Abdul Salam , stood waiting outside . He said his mother and another daughter were both badly wounded in Monday night 's attack . And he listed the names of eight other members of his extended family who had been killed when the bombs slammed into his house : An elderly woman named Salima , Ahmed , Abdullah , Riham , Ahzar , Hanan , Abdul Moheiman and another woman named Salima who was 25 . NATO insists its mission in Libya is "  to protect civilians against attacks or threat of attack . " If 85 civilians had in fact been killed Monday night , this would mark the bloodiest case of civilian casualties caused by aerial bombardment since NATO began its bombing campaign nearly five months ago . At Zlitan hospital , some medical workers gave wildly divergent numbers for how many people had been killed in the attack . "  Forty people died , " said a medical student in a white lab coat named Abdulkadr Ali Hawan outside the morgue . When a bystander corrected him , Hawan revised his number dramatically , announcing with confidence : "  85 dead . " Ali Mufta Hamed Gafes appeared oblivious to the fierce propaganda war being waged between the Gadhafi regime and NATO and its rebel allies . At the mass funeral on Tuesday , he faced the aftermath of the war of bombs and bullets . The gray-haired man stood crying amid the dust and heat and wild , angry gunfire next to the big pit where his 24-year-old daughter Hanan Ali Mufta was being buried . "  If you want to get rid of Gadhafi , why do n't you just sent your special forces to kill him ? " asked a Libyan bystander , who asked not to be named for fear of reprisals from government officials . "  Instead , you are making these ordinary people suffer . "	Libyan official says 85 civilians killed in NATO airstrike NATO says it targeted a former farm used as a "  military staging area " Journalists see rubble of homes , crowded morgue
CNN  -- The oldest-known hominid skeleton was a 4-foot-tall female who walked upright more than 4 million years ago and offers new clues to how humans may have evolved , scientists say . This sketch shows what a 4 million-year-old hominid , nicknamed Ardi , may have looked like . Scientists believe that the fossilized remains , which were discovered in 1994 in Ethiopia and studied for years by an international team of researchers , support beliefs that humans and chimpanzees evolved separately from a common ancestor . "  This is not an ordinary fossil . It 's not a chimp . It 's not a human . It shows us what we used to be , " said project co-director Tim White , a paleontologist at the University of California , Berkeley . Ardipithecus ramidus , nicknamed "  Ardi , " is a hominid species that lived 4.4 million years ago in what is now Aramis , Ethiopia . That makes Ardi more than a million years older than the celebrated Lucy , the partial ape-human skeleton found in Africa in 1974 . Ardi 's 125-piece skeleton includes the skull , teeth , pelvis , hands and feet bones . Scientists say the data collected from Ardi 's bone fragments over the past 17 years push back the story of human evolution further than previously believed . "  In fact , what Ardipithecus tells us is that we as humans have been evolving to what we are today for at least 6 million years , " C. Owen Lovejoy , an evolutionary biologist at Kent State University and project anatomist , said Thursday . Analysis of Ardi 's skeleton reveals that she weighed about 110 pounds , had very long arms and fingers , and possessed an opposable big toe that would have helped her grasp branches while moving through trees . Ardi 's brain was believed to be the size of a chimp 's , but she also had many human-like features , such as the ability to walk upright on two legs . Her "  all-purpose type " teeth indicate that she probably ate a combination of plants , fruits and small mammals , scientists say . "  The anatomy behind this behavioral combination is very unexpected and is certain to cause considerable rethinking of not only our evolutionary past , but also that of our living relatives : the great apes , " said Alan Walker , professor of biological anthropology at Pennsylvania State University . Many scientists hypothesize that humans took a different evolutionary trajectory from those of chimpanzees , bonobos and gorillas . Ardi 's findings help challenge earlier beliefs that humans evolved from chimpanzees , their closest genetic relatives , scientists say . Researchers are still trying to pinpoint when the two lineages -- chimps and humans -- split from their common ancestor . Digging up the past has not been easy . Scientists stumbled upon the Ardipithecus fossil in 1994 when a graduate student found a single upper molar tooth . The rest of Ardi 's fossilized bones , sandwiched between layers of volcanic rock , took three years to be recovered and many more to be analyzed . "  In many ways , the discovery of Ardipithecus has been like a marathon , " White said . "  Ardipithecus ramidus and its prevailing anatomy revolutionize the way most of us understood the earlier part of our evolutionary history , " said team member Yohannes Haile-Selassie , paleontologist at the Cleveland Museum of Natural History . The Ardi findings are the work of 47 paleontologists and geologists representing 10 countries . The results will be published Friday in 11 articles in a special edition of the journal Science . Until now , Australopithecus , nicknamed "  Lucy , " was the oldest fossil studied by scientists seeking to explain human evolution . Lucy is believed to have lived about 3.2 million years ago in what is now Ethiopia . Many scientists credit Ethiopia with taking the lead in helping the world better understand the origins of humans . "  This finding points to a deeper sense of our -LSB- humans ' -RSB- interconnectedness , " Samuel Assefa , Ethiopian ambassador to the United States , said Thursday . "  We are all Ethiopians at heart . " Ardi 's skeleton resides in the National Museum of Ethiopia in Addis Ababa .	Researchers have unveiled a 4.4 million-year-old skeleton of a hominid female The fossil , nicknamed Ardi , may be the oldest hominid skeleton ever found It replaces Lucy , a much-publicized skeleton that dates back about 3 million years Scientists : Ardi suggests humans and chimps evolved from a common ancestor
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Former TV chef Juan-Carlos Cruz entered a plea of not guilty Monday in his initial appearance on a murder-for-hire charge in Los Angeles . The former host of the Food Network 's "  Calorie Commando " was charged Monday with attempted murder and solicitation of murder for allegedly trying to hire homeless men to kill his wife , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . He remained behind bars pending a $ 2 million bond payment . A preliminary hearing was set for June 23 . The criminal complaint filed Monday accused Cruz , 48 , of trying to hire David Carrington and David Walters -- homeless men who go by the street names Little Dave and Big Dave -- to murder Jennifer Campbell , Cruz 's wife . It was not immediately clear who was Little Dave and who was Big Dave . If convicted , Cruz could face up to life in prison , the prosecution spokeswoman said . Assistant Deputy District Attorney Joseph Marcus would not talk about the case , but the homeless men allegedly solicited to carry out the hit did speak with celebrity news and gossip website TMZ on Saturday . One of them called Cruz "  very meticulous " but "  very cheap " in his planning . The plan fell apart when one of the men whom Cruz allegedly recruited told Santa Monica police , said Sgt. Jay Trisler . Trisler confirmed that men interviewed by TMZ are the chief witnesses against Cruz . Little Dave told TMZ he was approached first by Cruz , who asked him to kill his wife for cash , and he told his friend Big Dave . Big Dave said he told a Santa Monica police officer about the plot after he was arrested for loitering . "  We 're very fortunate that we have a relationship and rapport with some of the homeless and that they were able to give us information , " Trisler said . Santa Monica police began their undercover investigation of Cruz on May 7 , Trisler said . Cruz was arrested at a dog park in the Cheviot Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon , he said . Big Dave and Little Dave got a place to stay while the investigation was under way . Santa Monica police put them in a hotel room to keep them out of sight , Big Dave said . "  They gave us two pizzas , a 12-pack of beer and a bottle of San Jose , " he said . "  I love them . " Cruz , a Los Angeles resident , was an overweight pastry chef at Hotel Bel Air until he changed his focus to promote low-calorie recipes . He authored "  The Juan-Carlos Cruz Calorie Countdown Cookbook : A 5-Week Eating Strategy for Sustainable Weight Loss , " which was published in 2007 . The Food Network issued a short statement Monday saying that Cruz "  has not been under contract or associated with Food Network for a number of years . " CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	Former host of Food Network 's "  Calorie Commando " pleads not guilty Juan-Carlos Cruz is accused of trying to hire homeless men to kill his wife Police say a homeless man came to them with information about Cruz Cruz remains behind bars pending a $ 2 million bond payment
A ceasefire negotiated between rival Muslim and Christian militias brought a brief respite Saturday to a Central African Republic town after two days of violent clashes . The truce between the Muslim Seleka militia and the Christian anti-Balaka in Bossangoa allowed aid agencies to begin assessing the needs of the population caught in the midst of the violence . At the Ecole Liberte school , where a makeshift displaced camp sprang up in September to harbor fleeing Muslims , the numbers swelled during the clashes from around 2,500 displaced to nearly 10,000 . The people there are in need of almost everything : food , water and shelter . Over in a Catholic Church compound where 35,000 Christians sought refuge from the Seleka militias in September , the camp is more established , but water and food supplies are dwindling and there is very little shelter from the elements . Malaria and malnutrition are all too common among the camps ' denizens . A tense standoff had developed earlier between the Seleka and the regional peacekeeping force , FOMAC , after the militia threw grenades into the compound in an attempt to storm it . A soldier from FOMAC was killed during an exchange of fire . There is still no official death toll , but witnesses at the Ecole Liberte camp told CNN at least 19 Muslims were killed in what has become a spiraling cycle of retribution between the two communities . The anti-Balaka began targeting Muslims after tens of thousands of Christians were forced to flee their homes as Seleka militias marauded through the countryside . ` Extremely dire circumstances ' Julian Donald overseeing a hospital in Bossangoa managed by Doctors Without Borders , or Medecins Sans Frontieres , said the aid group had worked through the violence , almost overwhelmed by the flood of patients . "  We have been fully operational the entire time , " he said . "  I ca n't give you any numbers right now , I 'm sorry , all I can say is it 's still ongoing . " But the work he and his agency do is not enough , Donald said . The Central African Republic desperately needs more help from the outside world . "  A situation where you have hundreds of thousands of people who through no fault of their own are living in extremely dire circumstances , I would hope that the international community would mobilize to provide them assistance , " he said . "  The fact that we have n't seen it happen yet is a tragedy . " Some help could be on the way . On Thursday , the U.N. Security Council unanimously approved a resolution approving military intervention in the Central African Republic by an African Union-led force , backed by French troops , to protect civilians , restore humanitarian access and stabilize the country . The number of African Union peacekeeping troops in the country will increase to 6,000 -- up from the current 3,500 -- the French presidency said . Central African Republic : What 's going on , what 's at stake , what 's next French forces arrive France has named this mission in its former colony Operation Sangaris , after a species of butterfly there . There will be 1,600 troops in the Central African Republic by the end of Saturday , French President Francois Hollande said at the Peace and Security in Africa Summit in Paris . By Saturday evening , some of them had arrived in the northern city of Bossangoa . France 's goal is for the nation to be able to hold elections once security is restored , in the same way that France helped Mali return to democracy , Hollande said . France 's intervention in the Central African Republic is for humanitarian reasons , not to fight terrorism , he said . There have not been many incidents of violence in the country Saturday , Hollande added . The start of the French soldiers ' new operation in the CAR capital was announced Friday morning by Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian on the French radio station RFI . About 185 miles south of Bossangoa , Bangui has also been rocked by two days of clashes . Many have flocked to the city 's airport , hoping to find safety there . "  We estimate at least at 400 to 500 people have been killed so far in Bangui and the killings continue , " Peter N. Bouckaert , emergencies director for Human Rights Watch , told CNN Saturday . "  Two hundred and eighty bodies were recovered as of yesterday , but the Red Cross tells us there are more bodies on the streets that they are working to recover . " Medecins Sans Frontieres said Friday that at least 92 bodies had been brought to the morgue of a hospital where its staff is working . Another 170 people have been treated for injuries , including gunshot , machete or knife wounds , it said . Opinion : Why Central African Republic is slipping close to catastrophe Air sorties A French Defense Ministry statement early Saturday said three helicopters and hundreds more troops had arrived in Bangui . French troops have been out on patrol in a bid to restore calm to the city , which remains tense , as well as working to safeguard French nationals and secure the airport , the statement said . Aerial sorties have also been launched above the capital to signal the French forces ' presence to armed forces thought to be opposed to them . Back at the Catholic Church compound in Bossangoa , people scattered , screaming , as the unfamiliar boom of a low-flying jet swept over them . The horror soon turned to laughs of jubilation , however , with shouts of "  The French ! The French ! " Desperate for help from the outside world , they hoped the sonic boom was a sign from the French forces that they would soon be there too . French troops begin operation in Central African Republic as violence worsens Fears of genocide : 10 things to know about the Central African Republic	The number of African Union troops will rise from 3,500 to 6,000 , France says French troops have arrived in the war-torn northern city of Bossangoa A ceasefire between rival Muslim and Christian militias brings some respite there Aid group Medecins Sans Frontieres says refugees urgently need international help
A Ukrainian court has found former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko guilty of abuse of authority for signing gas contracts with Russia and sentenced her Tuesday to seven years in prison . Authorities deployed hundreds of police officers around the court to keep order , state media reported . Dozens of angry Tymoshenko supporters took to the streets of Kiev in August when she was taken into custody . "  Dear friends , I just want to say that I disagree with this verdict and I am saying that the year 1937 is back again , " Tymoshenko said in the courtroom Tuesday , making a reference to Josef Stalin 's rule when Ukraine was part of the Soviet Union . But Judge Rodion Kireev said that "  bearing in mind the fact that the court has not established any circumstances aggravating or mitigating Tymoshenko 's punishment , and given the heightened social danger of the crime committed by Tymoshenko , her personality and the absence of any penitence on her part , the court sees no grounds to hand down a more lenient sentence . " In April , Ukraine 's Prosecutor General 's office opened a criminal case charging Tymoshenko with signing overpriced gas deals with Russian energy provider Gazprom that inflicted damages to the country of more than 1.5 billion hryvnas  almost $ 190 million at the current exchange rate  and which Tymoshenko had allegedly no right to sign . The court ruled Tymoshenko must repay the money , and she is banned from holding public office for three years . Tymoshenko narrowly lost to President Viktor Yanukovych in a presidential election in February 2010 , and she became his fiercest opponent . Tymoshenko repeatedly brushed off all charges against her as political , calling the trial a "  farce " and naming the judge a "  stooge of Yanukovych 's administration , " appointed to "  fabricate " the case . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Tuesday he did n't understand why she was sentenced to seven years in the case . "  It 's dangerous and counterproductive to question the complex of gas agreements reached between Ukraine and Russia in talks with Tymoshenko , " Putin was quoted as saying in Beijing , according to state TV broadcaster Russia-24 news . "  Gas contracts signed by Russia and Ukraine , after talks with Tymoshenko , fully comply with the laws of Russia , Ukraine and international standards . " The Russian Foreign Ministry said the nation 's 2009 natural gas agreements with Ukraine were legal . It says Russia "  is committed to developing and deepening all-round partnership with Ukraine , including the search for mutually acceptable solutions in the gas sphere , as the leaders of the two countries agreed to in  the Russian government country estate of  Zavidovo on September 24 . " "  One should take into consideration the fact that the leadership of many countries and the international community have perceived this court trial as one that was initiated for purely political reasons . By accusing Tymoshenko of abusing power when signing a contract for the supply of Russian gas in 2009 , the ... court ignored compelling evidence that those gas agreements were designed in strict accordance with the laws of Russia and Ukraine as well as the rules of international law , " it says . "  We also see an obvious anti-Russian implication in this issue . In actual fact , Yulia Tymoshenko was sentenced for the valid and legally-binding agreements in the gas area between ` Gazprom ' and ` Naftogaz Ukraine ' , " the ministry statement said . Amnesty International slammed the verdict as "  politically motivated " and called for the release of Tymoshenko , who was prime minister from January to September 2005 and December 2007 to March 2010 . "  The charges against her are not internationally recognizable offenses , they are attempts to criminalize decisions that she made in the course of her work , " said John Dalhuisen , Europe and Central Asia deputy program director of Amnesty International . "  Poor political decisions of this kind -- if that is what they were -- should be punished by voters , not through courts . Her conviction on these charges is illegitimate and she should be immediately released , " Dalhuisen said . "  The trial against Yulia Tymoshenko highlights systemic problems within the justice system in Ukraine , and the conduct of this trial casts doubt over the independence of the judiciary . " Amnesty says she was charged in December "  for abuse of office over the receipt of 180 million euros from the sale of a greenhouse gas quota to a Japanese company . " It also says she is charged "  with having delayed signing an order in December 2009 for the customs clearance of 1,000 Opel Combo cars . The delay allegedly resulted in a budget loss of $ 4.6 million . " "  Yulia Tymoshenko must be released and all charges against her must be dropped , " said Dalhuisen . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said the organization "  is deeply disappointed with the verdict " and it will prompt the EU to "  reflect on its policies towards Ukraine . " She said the action points to the "  politically motivated prosecutions " for "  the leaders of the opposition and members of the former government . " "  The way the Ukrainian authorities will generally respect universal values and rule of law , and specifically how they will handle these cases , risks having profound implications for the EU-Ukraine bilateral relationship , including for the conclusion of the Association Agreement , our political dialogue and our cooperation more broadly . " Ashton said the EU calls for "  competent Ukrainian authorities to ensure a fair , transparent and impartial process in any appeal in the case of Ms. Tymoshenko and in the other trials related to members of the former government " and says "  the right of appeal should not be compromised by imposing limitations on the defendants ' ability to stand in future elections in Ukraine , including the parliamentary elections scheduled for next year . " The Ukrainian foreign ministry said "  internal processes " in the country must not affect forging the Association Agreement with the European Union . "  Any internal processes or passing events can not be a reason for refusal from such reciprocity -LSB- on the question of European integration -RSB- since we are talking about strategic prospects for the EU-Ukrainian relations , " the ministry said . Disputes over energy prices have been the main sticking point in the relations between the Russia and Ukraine since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 . Russia retained its vast oil and gas reserves , while the largest pipeline network to Western Europe -- the main customer of those energy riches -- ended up in Ukraine 's territory . Ukraine is buying Russian gas for its domestic consumption and at the same time charges Russia transit fees for all its gas exports going west . In 2006 , the conflict was exacerbated when Russia cut off its supplies to Ukraine for not agreeing to pay what it was asking for gas , while the latter siphoned off Russia 's gas deliveries to Europe to compensate for its own shortages . But three years later , the gas war reached a further unprecedented scale . For about two weeks of an unusually cold winter in Europe , most European customers were freezing , being cut off from Russian gas supplies as the two former Soviet countries crossed horns in a commercial dispute and did n't want to yield to each other . And over the past few years , Russia has had much the same oil and gas disputes with its other western neighbor , Belarus . But Western governments have repeatedly criticized Russia for its arm-twisting tactics against its less rich neighbors in economic matters and for using its vast energy resources as a weapon to impose its political will across the former Soviet states , accusations that Russia denies .	Putin , EU , Amnesty International question the move Yulia Tymoshenko calls the charges against her political Authorities deploy hundreds of police officers around the court to keep order The Russian Foreign Ministry says natural gas agreements with Ukraine were legal
CNN  -- Colombia and the United States signed an agreement Friday that allows U.S. personnel to be stationed at seven military bases in the South American nation . The United States says it needs the bases to help in its fight against terrorists and narcotraffickers , especially since the closure a few months ago of a U.S. base in Ecuador . The United States maintains similar "  forward operating locations " in El Salvador and Aruba-Curacao . Colombia 's agreement to host the Americans has come under harsh criticism in Latin America , particularly from President Hugo Chavez in neighboring Venezuela . Chavez has likened the agreement to an act of war and accuses the United States of wanting to stage military personnel nearby to destabilize his leftist government . The U.S. forward operating location in Aruba-Curacao is off the northern coast of Venezuela . The United States linked Colombia 's agreement to a trade pact the South American nation wants . Colombia also stands to gain from U.S. help in the nation 's 45-year-old war against Marxist guerrillas known as the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , commonly called FARC . Colombian Foreign Minister Jaime Bermudez , Defense Minister Gabriel Silva and Interior and Justice Minister Fabio Valencia Cossio were joined by U.S. Ambassador William Brownfield in signing the document Friday in Bogota , the nation 's capital .	U.S. military personnel may be stationed at seven Colombian bases U.S. says agreement will help fight against traffickers , terrorists Venezuelan leader has called agreement an act of war Colombia wants U.S. aid in 45-year anti-guerrilla battle
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A top official in Pakistan 's troubled Swat Valley was kidnapped Sunday -- a day after a cease-fire between the government and Taliban militants was supposed to go into effect . Girls study this week in Pakistan 's Swat Valley , where education fhas been an issue in peace talks . Kushal Khan was on his way to take up his new post as the District Coordination Officer when unknown gunmen kidnapped him and six members of his security guards near Mingora , the valley 's main city , officials said . Khan was nabbed a day after the provincial government declared a permanent cease-fire agreement with Taliban militants in the valley . Yet , hours after the announcement , Maulana Fazlullah -- the Taliban commander in the area -- was playing down the agreement with aggressive rhetoric in a radio broadcast . Fazlullah said militants will continue their fight to impose Islamic law , or sharia , in the region . Watch cease-fire deal with Taliban " Swat Valley , located in North West Frontier Province , was once one of Pakistan 's biggest tourist destinations . It is situated near the Afghanistan border and about 186 miles  300 km  from the capital city of Islamabad . Watch what sharia law requires The valley boasted the country 's only ski resort until it was shut down after militants overran the area . The area was also a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts and visitors to the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area . In recent months , however , militants have unleashed a wave of violence that has claimed hundreds of lives across the North West Frontier Province . The militants want to require veils for women , beards for men and ban music and television . The fighting has displaced nearly half of Swat 's population , officials said . The central government has long exerted little control in the area , but it launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out militants . As retaliation for the military presence , the Taliban carried out a series of deadly bombings , beheadings and kidnappings -- and said the attacks will continue until the troops pull out . On Saturday , the government of the province said it had reached a deal with the Taliban for a permanent cease-fire . It marked a major concession by the Pakistani government in its attempt to hold off Taliban militants . The agreement means boys ' schools will reopen on Monday and camps will be set up for Swat residents who have fled the fighting or whose homes had been destroyed . Watch what sharia law requires " CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report	Provincial govt . struck permanent cease-fire with Taliban in Swat Valley Saturday Establishment of strict Islamic law in the region is key to the agreement Swat Valley was once one of Pakistan 's biggest tourist destinations Central govt . launched an intense military offensive against militants in late July
CNN  -- Efren Peñaflorida , who started a "  pushcart classroom " in the Philippines to bring education to poor children as an alternative to gang membership , has been named the 2009 CNN Hero of the Year . CNN 's Anderson Cooper revealed Peñaflorida 's selection at the conclusion of the third-annual "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood . The gala event , taped before an audience of 3,000 , premiered on Thanksgiving night on the global networks of CNN . The broadcast honored the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2009 and featured performances by Grammy Award-winning artist Carrie Underwood , R&B crooner Maxwell and British pop sensation Leona Lewis . Peñaflorida , who will receive $ 100,000 to continue his work with the Dynamic Teen Company , was selected after seven weeks of online voting at CNN.com . More than 2.75 million votes were cast . "  Our planet is filled with heroes , young and old , rich and poor , man , woman of different colors , shapes and sizes . We are one great tapestry , " Peñaflorida said upon accepting the honor . "  Each person has a hidden hero within , you just have to look inside you and search it in your heart , and be the hero to the next one in need . "  So to each and every person inside this theater and for those who are watching at home , the hero in you is waiting to be unleashed . Serve , serve well , serve others above yourself and be happy to serve . As I always tell to my co-volunteers ... you are the change that you dream , as I am the change that I dream , and collectively we are the change that this world needs to be . " The top 10 CNN Heroes , chosen by a blue-ribbon panel from an initial pool of more than 9,000 viewer nominations , were each honored with a documentary tribute and introduced by a celebrity presenter . Each of the top 10 Heroes receives $ 25,000 . Wallis Annenberg , chairman of the board , president and CEO of the Annenberg Foundation and a member of the Blue Ribbon Panel that selected the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2009 , also pledged $ 10,000 to each of the top 10 Heroes ' nonprofit organizations . "  With the recognition they receive on our stage , " said Cooper , who hosted the tribute , "  they 'll be able to help thousands and thousands of people . Through their efforts , lives will be changed and lives will be saved . " Underwood performed an original orchestral arrangement of "  Change " from her best-selling album , "  Play On . " Maxwell sang "  Help Somebody " from his first album in eight years , ` BLACKsummers ` night . ' Lewis , a three-time Grammy nominee , performed "  Happy , " from her second album , "  Echo . " See photos of all the performers and honorees All three performances echoed the spirit of the CNN Heroes campaign , which salutes everyday people whose extraordinary accomplishments are making a difference in their communities and beyond . Presenters included Nicole Kidman , Kate Hudson , Neil Patrick Harris , Pierce Brosnan , Dwayne Johnson , Eva Mendes , Randy Jackson , Greg Kinnear , George Lopez and Julia Louis-Dreyfus . "  This record number of nominations is further evidence of the momentum CNN Heroes has built in just a few short years , " said Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide . "  Viewers have been engaged by these stories of inspiration and accomplishment beyond our expectations . It is truly an honor to be able to introduce the CNN Heroes to our global audience every year . " Again this year , producer/director Joel Gallen served as executive producer of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " Among his credits , Gallen produced telethon events supporting victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina , winning an Emmy Award and a Peabody Award for "  America : A Tribute to Heroes . " The Kodak Theatre is best known as the first permanent home of the Academy Awards . Here are the 2009 Top 10 CNN Heroes : Brad Blauser Brad Blauser is providing hope and mobility to disabled children and their families in Iraq . Since 2005 , his Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids program has distributed nearly 650 free pediatric wheelchairs to children in need . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Roy Foster Army veteran Roy Foster started Stand Down House to help veterans struggling with addiction and homelessness in Florida . Since 2000 , his program has provided life-changing services to nearly 900 veterans . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Doc Hendley Bartender Doc Hendley is providing clean water to communities worldwide . Through creative fundraising , his nonprofit Wine to Water has brought sustainable water systems to 25,000 people in five countries . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Andrea Ivory Breast cancer survivor Andrea Ivory is bringing early detection to the doorsteps of uninsured women . With mobile mammography vans , her group has provided more than 500 free screenings in Miami , Florida . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Betty Makoni Zimbabwe native Betty Makoni founded the Girl Child Network to provide a haven for young victims of sexual abuse . The organization has rescued more than 35,000 girls since 2001 . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Jorge Munoz School bus driver Jorge Munoz is helping hungry New Yorkers make it through tough times . Since 2004 , he has handed out more than 70,000 meals from his mobile soup kitchen in Queens -- for free . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Efren Peñaflorida Efren Peñaflorida gives Filipino youth an alternative to gang membership through education . His Dynamic Teen Company 's 10,000 members have taught basic reading and writing to 1,500 kids living in the slums . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Budi Soehardi Budi Soehardi founded a children 's home in one of the poorest areas of Indonesia . Today , Roslin Orphanage in West Timor provides food , shelter and education to more than 45 children . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Derrick Tabb Derrick Tabb started The Roots of Music to give young people an alternative to New Orleans ' streets . His music education program provides free tutoring , instruments and music instruction to more than 100 students . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Jordan Thomas Jordan Thomas , 20 , of Chattanooga , Tennessee , lost both of his legs in a boating accident in 2005 . Since then , his Jordan Thomas Foundation has raised more than $ 400,000 to provide prosthetics for children in need . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help	Efren Peñaflorida named the 2009 CNN Hero of the Year at Hollywood gala Gala included appearances by actress Nicole Kidman , Grammy-winning artist Carrie Underwood Third-annual event was taped before an audience of 3,000 at the Kodak Theatre
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A shot rings out , but the burqa-clad woman sitting on the rocky ground does not respond . The man pointing a rifle at her from a few feet away lets loose another round , but still there is no reaction . He fires a third shot , and finally the woman slumps backwards . But the man fires another shot . And another . And another . Nine shots in all . Around him , dozens of men on a hillside cheer : "  God is great ! " Officials in Afghanistan , where the amateur video was filmed , believe the woman was executed because two Taliban commanders had a dispute over her , according to the governor of the province where the killing took place . Both apparently had some kind of relationship with the woman , said Parwan province governor Abdul Basir Salangi . "  In order to save face , " they accused her of adultery , Salangi said . Then they "  faked a court to decide about the fate of this woman and in one hour , they executed the woman , " he added . Both Taliban commanders were subsequently killed by a third Taliban commander , Salangi said . "  We went there to investigate and we are still looking for people who were involved in this brutal act , " he said . It is not clear from the video when it was filmed . The killing took place in the village of Qimchok , not far north of the capital Kabul . Lawmaker Fawzia Koofi called it a huge backward step for women 's issues in Afghanistan . "  I think we will have to do something serious about this , we will have to do something as women , but also as human beings , " she said . "  She did n't even say one word to defend herself . " Koofi wept on Saturday as she watched the video of the execution . The United States condemned the killing "  in the strongest possible terms , " calling it a "  cold-blooded murder . " "  The protection of women 's rights is critical around the world , but especially in Afghanistan , where such rights were ignored , attacked and eroded under Taliban rule , " the American embassy said in a statement on Sunday . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan also condemned the execution . "  Let 's be clear , this was n't justice , this was murder , and an atrocity of unspeakable cruelty , " ISAF commander Gen. John Allen said in a statement Sunday . "  The Taliban 's continued brutality toward innocent civilians , particularly women , must be condemned in the strongest terms . There has been too much progress made by too many brave Afghans , especially on the part of women , for this kind of criminal behavior to be tolerated . " The public execution is the latest and among the most shocking examples of violence against women in Afghanistan , but it is far from an isolated case . The Taliban also does not have a monopoly on the violence , cautioned Christine Fair , with the Center for Peace and Security Studies at Georgetown University . "  It 's really important to not see this exclusively in terms of the Taliban , but this is a set of practices that actually have existed and continue to exist throughout Afghanistan , " she said . Nearly nine out of 10 women suffer physical , sexual , or psychological violence or forced marriage at least once in their lifetimes , Human Rights Watch said in its 2012 annual report . The country has 14 shelters for abused women , a number which the campaign group says "  does not meet even a small fraction of the need . " Hundreds of students and teachers at girls ' schools in the country have been hospitalized with suspected poisoning this year alone . Girls were forbidden to go to school when the Taliban ruled the country from 1996 to 2001 . Salangi , the provincial governor , spoke to CNN about the killing on Sunday , the same day that representatives of more than 80 nations and organizations met to consider pouring billions more aid dollars into the country . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon urged delegates including U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton not to demand complex reforms in exchange for the money . "  Afghan institutions are still in their nascent stages , " he said . "  The very programs which offer the best hope of sustainability of Afghan institutions should not be held hostage to complex preconditions . " Clinton said donors at the conference pledged about $ 16 billion for Afghanistan over four years . That amount did not include money from the United States because any foreign aid must be approved by Congress . Under a security pact with Afghanistan , nearly all U.S.-led NATO troops will withdraw from the country by the end of 2014 . "  We can ask the question what will happen when we leave , but let 's remember that this is actually happening while we 're still there , " said Fair , with Georgetown . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Chelsea J. Carter and Sara Sidner , and journalist Ruhullah Khapalwak contributed to this story .	The NATO-led ISAF and the United States condemn the execution The provincial governor says Taliban officials faked a charge of adultery as an excuse Afghan lawmaker Fawzia Koofi weeps as she sees the video The execution is the latest in a long line of violence against women in Afghanistan
