Los Angeles  CNN  -- A judge warned actress Lindsay Lohan Wednesday that the only way she can avoid jail on a theft charge is to be acquitted in a trial . "  If you plead in front of me , you are going to jail , period ! " Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Keith Schwartz told Lohan during a hearing . The prosecutor offered Lohan a plea deal Wednesday , but the terms of the offer were not disclosed . "  I get the impression you 're not going to accept the DA 's offer , " Schwartz said . Lohan lawyer Shawn Chapman Holley previously said her client would welcome a plea deal , but only if it did not involve jail time for the actress . "  Ms. Lohan maintains her innocence , and now that I 've seen the police reports , I believe the case is entirely defensible , " Holley said after the initial hearing . "  Having said that , we will entertain a discussion concerning a plea if it means no jail so that she can move forward with her recovery and her career . " If Lohan is convicted on the felony grand theft charge , her "  ability at that time to have more input in the sentence could be lessened , " the judge told Lohan Wednesday . She will appear before Judge Schwartz again March 10 , but if a plea deal is not reached by then the case will go to another judge for a preliminary hearing and a possible trial , he said . Wednesday marked Lohan 's eighth court appearance in nine months , events that have spawned an atmosphere outside the court similar to the red carpet arrivals she used to enjoy before her acting career was derailed by her legal problems and stints in rehab . Her entrance for the February 9 hearing , in which she entered a not guilty plea to the felony grand theft charge , caused a media stir because she was wearing a tight-fitting white knit dress and diamond jewelry that would have been appropriate for a movie premiere . Her apparel Wednesday was more conservative . Lohan , 24 , wore cream-colored slacks and a black top , but she was walking in 5-inch black platform stilettos . Lohan and her lawyer have new information in hand to help with her decision about a plea deal . The prosecution handed over all of the police reports and a copy of the jewelry store surveillance video that allegedly shows the actress leaving with a $ 2,500 necklace without paying on January 22 . The felony grand theft charge triggered a charge that she violated her probation for a 2007 drunk driving conviction . Lohan is free on bond on the probation violation and the grand theft charge while her lawyer and the prosecutor discuss a plea deal , or until a full hearing . The penalty for a felony grand theft conviction ranges from 16 months to three years in a California state prison . The exact term would be based on the value of the property stolen and the criminal record of the defendant . Shoplifting offenses are charged as petty theft if the property taken is valued at less than $ 950 . The store owner claims the "  one of a kind " necklace is worth $ 2,500 , police said . The judge could reduce the charge to a misdemeanor , which would carry a prison sentence of no more than one year . The allegedly stolen necklace was handed over to police just before they were to execute a search warrant to look for the jewelry in Lohan 's Venice apartment , police said . The actress is on supervised probation for a drunken driving conviction . The judge overseeing that case told her in October that he would send her to jail for 180 days if she violated her probation rules before her next court appearance , set for February 25 . That court date is now off , with Schwartz taking over Lohan 's legal cases . She left the Betty Ford clinic a month ago after three months in a drug rehabilitation program . The rehab stint persuaded the judge not to send Lohan to jail for failing a drug test .	NEW : The judge tells Lohan if she pleads , "  you are going to jail , period ! " NEW : "  I get the impression you 're not going to accept the DA 's offer , " the judge says The LAPD charged Lohan with stealing a necklace from a jewelry store Lohan entered a "  not guilty " plea on February 9
CNN  -- Her uncle is one of the greatest the game has ever seen , winning 14 majors to date . Now Cheyenne Woods is embarking on her quest to dominate the world of women 's golf just like Tiger did in the men 's arena . The 21-year-old has signed with the same Excel agency that represents Tiger and announced her intention to turn professional after excelling in the amateur ranks . "  I am really looking forward to pursuing my goals and dreams to compete on the highest level , " she said in a statement on the PGA Tour 's website . "  As I begin my professional career , I am confident and excited about working with Excel as they help shape my future , both personally and professionally . " Woods was schooled at Wake Forest in North Carolina and set the record for lowest career scoring average . She was a two-time All-American and three-time All-Atlantic Coast Conference team member . Cheyenne is the daughter of Tiger 's half-brother Earl Dennison Woods Jr. and can boast 30 victories in amateur tournaments . Her first professional tournament came in 2009 at the Wegmans LPGA Championship in New York where she missed the cut by four strokes . Agent Mark Steinberg , who has represented Tiger since 1998 , said : "  We are excited about the opportunity to represent Cheyenne . She had an outstanding career at Wake Forest and has the chance to be a major star on the women 's golf scene . " Tiger won his 14 majors in a ten-year period but has struggled to maintain the heights he reached after he was engulfed in a sex scandal in 2009 . His last major victory came at the U.S. Open in 2008 and though he recently won his first PGA Tour tournament in 30 months he recorded his worst ever finish at the Masters last month , ending on five-over-par . But at a press conference to promote the upcoming AT&T National tournament , Woods said his game is heading in the right direction . "  I 'm going to try and continue to improve in incremental steps in every facet of my game and try to make every facet of my game more efficient , " he said . "  I 've just played three events -- I won a tournament  four  tournaments ago . If I get more efficient at what I 'm doing , then I 'm going to win golf tournaments . " His next appearance will come at The Memorial Tournament in Ohio on May 31 .	The 21-year-old niece of former world No. 1 Tiger Woods turns professional Cheyenne Woods signs for the same agency as her uncle as she begins pro career Woods has already won more than 30 amateur tournaments
New York  CNN  -- New York City , that land of hustle and bustle , took on a new character Saturday : Quietness , punctuated by bursts of activity . The imminent approach of Hurricane Irene made for some mighty unusual scenes . Long lines were common at grocery stores as residents stocked up , but streets appeared empty just a couple blocks away . "  Once you get outside major hotel areas it gets quiet pretty quickly , " said Dan Pinter , a sales associate at New York Running Company , an athletic shop near Central Park in Manhattan . Under siege from natural forces and under a tornado watch late Saturday , the city was going without its subway system , incoming flights and other transportation services . Mayor Michael Bloomberg had issued a mandatory evacuation order for more than 370,000 residents of low-lying areas in the city . Thousands of public housing residents on the Lower East Side were being taken by bus to shelters . CNN iReporter Jon Michael Gimpel , 42 , a resident of the Upper West Side , took photos of closed businesses and buildings . He likened the emptiness of the streets to the eerie aftermath of September 11 , 2001 . "  We got cabin fever and walked around , " said Gimpel , a system engineer . "  A lot of shops are closed . No one knows what to do . " Besides telling people to heed evacuations and to stay away from windows , Bloomberg asked residents to stop being a little too helpful . Saturday morning , city crews turned over trash baskets , trying to make them less likely to cartwheel away when anticipated strong winds arrive Sunday . Some citizens turned them rightside up . CNN iReporter Elie Shaby submitted a photo of sandbags in front of the Apple Store on West 14th Street , which planned to reopen Monday . Shaby said the mandatory evaluation ends at 41st Street , one block away from where she lives . She does not plan to evacuate but said , "  living in New York City all my life and never experiencing a hurricane before , I have no idea what to expect . " Eden Pontz , executive producer at CNN 's New York bureau , said only two riders were on her subway car as she rode from Brooklyn to work at Columbus Circle in Manhattan . Cabbies scoured neighborhoods for evacuees and other riders . Tourists were still evident in many parts of the city . Gimpel saw several eating from the bar stools at an Irish pub . Normally , they would be dining in Manhattan 's restaurants , he said . Irene , a Category 1 hurricane with top sustained winds of 80 miles per hour , was heading into Virginia later in the day , taking aim for the Norfolk area . It will pound the Delmarva Peninsula overnight and hit the New Jersey coast early Sunday , with Philadelphia and New York City in its sights . The massive Metropolitan Transportation Authority was shut down at noon . The system , which provides 24-hour subway and bus service across the city , is the transit lifeblood of New York . Its buses , subways and railroads carry about 5 million riders daily . And it might not be fully back up by Monday , Bloomberg said . At the Seventh Avenue station in Brooklyn 's Park Slope section , more than a dozen people waited for one of the final subway runs . "  What I 'm hoping is that they will run trains for the next hour or two to pick up the stragglers , " Kate Sandberg , who was headed to visit a friend , told CNN affiliate WABC . Saturday , Bloomberg exhorted residents to leave immediately . "  Let 's stop thinking this is something that we can play with . Staying behind is dangerous , staying behind is foolish , and it 's against the law . And we urge everybody in the evacuation zone not to wait until there are gale force winds and driving rain to leave , " Bloomberg said . Pinter , 25 , said the running store kept busy Saturday , but he expects it to be much quieter Sunday -- if it remains open . He lives about 50 blocks away and said he is prepared to jog home if he ca n't get a cab . "  We 'll take it as it comes , " he said of Irene . "  I say there is more curiosity than concern . " The evacuation zone included Battery Park City on the southwestern tip of Manhattan . "  It 's very quiet , " said state Sen. Daniel Squadron , whose district includes the community . "  There are few people out who do not have large shopping bags . " CNN 's Phil Gast , Eden Pontz and Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	NEW : Resident talks about cabin fever Quiet pervades many portions of New York City Cabbies look for last-minute evacuees Public transit shut down at noon
CNN  -- After scathing criticism from the son of slain Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , police in Los Angeles , California , have apologized for including the clothes the senator was wearing when killed in an exhibit of high-profile homicide cases . The clothing -- a shirt , tie and jacket , with what appears to be bloodstains on the shirt -- was removed from the exhibit , "  Behind-The-Scenes : The LAPD Homicide Experience , " at the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas , Nevada . In addition , Los Angeles District Attorney Steve Cooley and Police Chief Charlie Beck , in an open letter Thursday , apologized to any other victims ' family members who might have been offended by the other items in the exhibit , running Tuesday through Thursday at the California Homicide Investigators Association 's 2010 conference . "  Based on the feedback we have received , it is now clear that a few of the items on display have offended some crime victims ' families , " the letter said . "  We have both been to hundreds of murder scenes in our law enforcement career and we have consoled many family members . It was never our intent to cause grief to victims of crime or their families . " In a statement issued last month , the LAPD had billed the exhibit as "  a glimpse into some of the most notable homicides and critical incidents that occurred in Los Angeles over the past 100 years . " "  It 's about the history of Los Angeles , as told through the eyes of homicide investigators of the Los Angeles Police Department , " Beck said Tuesday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  This is an opportunity for homicide investigators from all over the country to get together , to share ideas , to share best practices and to talk about some of the most famous cases in Los Angeles history , as well as their current cases . " But in an opinion piece in Wednesday 's Los Angeles Times newspaper , Maxwell Taylor Kennedy , son of the late senator , called the display of his father 's clothing "  a cheap bid for attention . " "  The chief of police and the district attorney took my father 's blood-soaked clothing and displayed it , as part of a macabre publicity stunt , " he wrote . "  It is almost incomprehensible to imagine what circumstances would have led to a decision to transport these items across state lines to be gawked at by gamblers and tourists . It is demeaning to my family , but just as important , it is demeaning to the trust that citizens place in their law enforcement officers . " The exhibit also features evidence associated with the death of Marilyn Monroe , the 1963 "  onion field " case in which LAPD Officer Ian Campbell was slain , the O.J. Simpson and Charles Manson cases , and the so-called "  Black Dahlia " murder , according to the LAPD statement announcing it . Family members of some victims in those cases told "  Larry King Live " the LAPD should have notified them about the exhibit . "  From my perspective , it 's very disturbing , " said Debra Tate , sister of actress Sharon Tate , slain along with six others in 1969 by the Manson family killers . "  Number 1 , I did n't get any notice that this was going to occur . But these are very personal artifacts to me . These are things that bring back horrible memories , not only for myself , but other Manson family victims . " The items include ropes used in the murders of Tate and others , and a fork used to stab one of the victims , said retired LAPD Sgt. Glynn Martin , the curator of the exhibit . "  We certainly try to concern ourselves with the thoughts and concerns of victims , and certainly our hearts go out to them , " Martin told King . " ... Likewise , we have an obligation , both as a museum and then the bigger one as the police department , to train , educate and inform officers and the public about people that do this particular job of investigating people that have lost their lives . " Debra Tate said she can see the educational value , and might consider seeing the exhibit , but "  I think a little bit of notice for people to prepare themselves would have been very , very nice . " Also featured are the bloody gloves from the Simpson trial and a watch cap collected as evidence , Martin said . Simpson was acquitted in 1995 of killing his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and her friend Ron Goldman . "  Had we been given a little bit of notice , it would have been easier to avert your eyes , " Goldman 's sister , Kim , told "  Larry King Live . " " ... I think there is an educational value , and I understand that . " But , she said , "  it just comes back to sensitivity . " "  If we 've offended anybody , certainly we extend our apologies to them , " Martin said . "  But the intent here is to inform and educate , with the idea that we 're going to serve a greater public good . " The exhibit opened to the public Wednesday , and "  thousands of guests have stood in lines for up to two hours to glimpse Los Angeles ' history , " said the letter from Cooley and Beck . "  A number of the exhibits show evidence that was collected during various well-known incidents , and they were carefully designed so visitors would gain a better appreciation for the tragedy of murder and the difficult jobs law enforcement detectives have in solving often very complicated cases , " the letter said . "  Murder is the absolute worst thing one human being can do to another and the displays were designed to provide a unique insight into the sacrifice of victims and their families as well as the emotional toll murder takes on homicide detectives and the district attorneys who prosecute the cases . " "  Homicide is by nature horrific , but the entertainment media often portrays it as sterile and benign , " the letter said . "  When people see the reality of murder , it becomes an unthinkable act . " The exhibit "  was designed to be educational and show the public how murder cases are very carefully investigated , " the letter said . Kennedy was a New York senator running for president when he was shot to death in June 1968 at Los Angeles ' Ambassador Hotel , shortly after declaring victory in California 's Democratic presidential primary . His killer , Sirhan Sirhan , is serving a life sentence at a California prison . In his op-ed , Maxwell Kennedy said that he had contacted Beck and that he was pleased the chief had agreed to remove the items . "  When I called to express my surprise and disappointment , the chief maintained to me that hanging my dad 's bloody shirt from a mannequin in a casino was part of an effort to train detectives , " he wrote . "  Perhaps he believes that , but to me it seems like a cheap bid for attention . It is almost like a traffic cop inviting motorists to slow down and take a good look as they go past a tragedy . " The California Constitution guarantees crime victims and their families will be treated with dignity and respect , he wrote . And as a former assistant district attorney , Maxwell Kennedy said , "  I understand that proper storage of property and legal evidence is a critical part of the judicial process . " He said he requested the return of his father 's clothing nearly 10 years ago , and the district attorney 's office refused , but he was promised the items would be treated with care and kept out of the public view . Beck , he wrote , should remember that "  such items are personal property , entrusted to the state 's care , not to be exploited . He relies on crime victims to prosecute virtually every criminal . He can not long succeed if he continues to put victims ' pain on display for publicity . "	LAPD apologizes after son of Sen. Robert F. Kennedy objects to Las Vegas display Tie , jacket , shirt senator wearing when slain removed from exhibit Chief calls exhibit , which includes evidence from other high-profile crimes , educational In editorial , Maxwell Taylor Kennedy calls clothing display "  a macabre publicity stunt "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Los Angeles Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart was among three people killed in a crash in Fullerton , California , early Thursday , according to the team and a hospital spokesman . Los Angeles Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart was killed Thursday , hours after his fourth MLB start . Adenhart , 22 , of Silver Spring , Maryland , died at UC Irvine Medical Center , according to spokesman John Murray . "  The Angels family has suffered a tremendous loss today , " Tony Reagins , the team 's general manager , said in a written statement . "  We are deeply saddened and shocked by this tragic loss . Our thoughts and prayers go out to Nick 's family , friends , loved ones and fans . " One person was arrested in connection with the three-vehicle accident , which occurred about 12:23 a.m. Thursday in Fullerton , south of Los Angeles . Witnesses say a red minivan ran a red light and struck two vehicles at an intersection , police Lt. Craig Brower said . One of the vehicles , a gray Mitsubishi , slammed into a power pole , Brower said . Two of its passengers were declared dead at the scene , he said . The other two were transported to UC Irvine Medical Center . Murray said Adenhart underwent surgery and died at the hospital but did not know whether he died during or after the procedure . Brower said the remaining passenger was in critical condition . The Angels said the two dead at the scene were the female driver of the Mitsubishi and another male . No other members of the Angels organization were involved , the team said . Adenhart reportedly was "  in bad condition at the scene , " team spokesman Tim Mead said , and there was n't much that could be done for him at the hospital . He died "  mid - to late morning , " Mead said . A passenger in the minivan was taken to a hospital with minor injuries , Brower said . The third vehicle sustained minor damage , and its driver was unhurt , he said . Police did not identify any of the dead . The minivan 's driver fled the scene and was later arrested , Brower said . Andrew Thomas Gallo , 22 , of Riverside will face charges of manslaughter , felony driving under the influence and hit-and-run , he said . Footage from the scene showed the minivan with a smashed front end and the Mitsubishi , which was heavily damaged . Debris littered the intersection where the crash took place , and it was cordoned off with yellow police tape . The Angels ' game Thursday night with the Oakland A 's was postponed at the direction of Major League Baseball Commissioner Bud Selig . No information was released as to when the game would be played . "  Major League Baseball is in mourning today upon the news of this tragedy that has taken Angels pitcher Nick Adenhart and two others , " Selig said in a statement . "  Nick was just 22 years of age , with a wonderful life and career ahead of him . On behalf of Major League Baseball , I extend my sincere sympathy to the families and friends of all three victims and to the entire Angels ' organization . I send my deepest condolences to Nick 's parents , Jim and Janet . The hearts of everyone in baseball are with them at this most difficult time . " The Angels quoted Adenhart 's family in the team statement , saying they express "  sincere gratitude for all the help the Angels have provided . " "  He lived his dream and was blessed to be part of an organization comprised of such warm , caring and compassionate people , " Adenhart 's parents said . "  The Angels were his extended family . Thanks to all of Nick 's loyal supporters and fans throughout his career . He will always be in everyone 's hearts forever . " Funeral and memorial arrangements were pending , the team said . Adenhart pitched in a game against the Oakland A 's on Wednesday night in Anaheim , California , making a "  brilliant effort " despite the Angels ' 6-4 loss , according to MLB.com . In his fourth major league start , Adenhart pitched a scoreless six innings , with seven hits , three walks and five strikeouts . "  I thought he pitched a terrific game , " manager Mike Scioscia told MLB.com after the game . "  He gave us a chance to win . He has better tools out there now . He pitched ahead a lot and was able to get back in counts and put guys away . " "  It felt good to work out of some jams early , " Adenhart told MLB.com . "  My curveball was really working for me , and then my change came on later when I felt I needed it . " Jim Adenhart had flown out from Baltimore , Maryland , and was at Wednesday night 's game to watch his son 's start , his first of the season , Mead said . He remained in California on Thursday , and Janet Adenhart was expected to fly out later in the day . The Angels drafted Adenhart in the 14th round of the June 2004 draft , according to the team statement . He was in his fifth professional season and made the Angels ' Opening Day roster for the first time . "  Adenhart earned his spot in the Angels rotation via a spring training in which he recorded a 3-0 record and a 3.12 ERA over the course of six starts , " the team statement said . "  During that span , he struck out 18 while allowing only five base on balls . " Adenhart made his major league debut May 1 against Oakland , the team said . At the time , he was the youngest active-roster pitcher in the majors . Adenhart was a 2004 graduate of Williamsport High School in Williamsport , Maryland . His baseball coach there , Rod Steiner , told CNN affiliate WHAG , "  After watching last night , as well as he pitched ... things seemed to be going so smooth . This is the last thing that you ever imagine . " He remembered Adenhart as a hard worker who knew he wanted to be a major-league pitcher while still in high school and worked hard to achieve that goal , despite a setback when he had to undergo shoulder surgery . He said area residents who did n't even know Adenhart followed his career and cheered him on . "  He touched a lot of lives . " CNN 's Rosalina Nieves and Irving Last contributed to this report .	Adenhart , 22 , pitched six scoreless innings in Wednesday 's game Three people killed in crash early Thursday in Fullerton , California One man arrested , will face charges in wreck , police say
CNN  -- Two weeks ago , I flew back to Seattle from Atlanta . Immediately after stepping off the plane , I could feel it : home . The fresh air hits you like a freight train . Technology is everywhere . Hipsters ironically drink coffee . Recycling bins span as far as the eye can see -- and I had n't even left the airport yet . Driving into Seattle is like floating through a dream : mountains to the right , glistening water to the left . Hands down , Seattle is the most gorgeous city in America  I may be slightly biased  . Yes , we do get a little bit of rain -- an average of 155 days a year , if you want to get specific -- but when the sun comes out , you can see why Seattle is called the Emerald City . The scenery First off , have you checked out our needle ? At its highest point , the Space Needle reaches 605 feet . From the observation deck , you can enjoy stunning views of the mountains , Puget Sound and the Seattle skyline . Grab some fresh seafood from the SkyCity revolving restaurant while taking in the landscape . Now , Portland , we think your Mount Hood is adorable , but come on : Mount Rainier is punch-you-in-the-face awe-inspiring . This 14,000-foot volcano is n't just pretty to look at ; it 's also is an outdoor enthusiast 's dream . In Seattle , you are just 54 miles from skiing , rock climbing , camping and hiking . For the not faint of heart , the Wonderland Trail in Mount Rainier National Park circumnavigates the mountain and takes an average of 10 to 14 days to complete . If water is your thing , Seattle is nestled between Puget Sound and Lake Union . Take a ferry ride out to one of the numerous islands scattered through the sound . Or , if you prefer , a 45-minute boat ride will land you in Tillicum Village on Blake Island , where you can dine on a traditional Native American salmon bake followed by a cultural show inspired by the Coast Salish tribes . Can you hear the music ? Seattle is the birthplace of grunge . Nirvana , Pearl Jam and Soundgarden spawned an entire era of flannel shirts , unkempt facial hair and teen angst . But the music roots run deeper here . Hey Portland , have you heard of Seattle native Jimi Hendrix ? If you care to pay your respects to the iconic 1960s rock star , you can take a short drive to Greenwood Memorial Park in Renton , Washington . To further educate you on music , the Experience Music Project is a must-see Seattle attraction . The eye-catching building , designed by Frank Gehry , houses numerous music exhibitions , an interactive sound lab and a state of the art concert venue . Guitar enthusiasts will particularly enjoy Guitar Gallery : The Quest for Volume . If you care to hear some live music , Bumbershoot , the yearly outdoor music festival , is guaranteed to satisfy your ears . Or , for a year-round affair , stop on by Neumos Crystal Ball Reading Room to sample some awesome punk and indie rock music . Flying fish and more Want to see fish fly ? Stop on by Pike Place Market and make sure to look out for a Copper River Salmon flying over your head . The fishmongers at the world-famous market are skilled in the art of tossing fish ordered by customers . Pike Place Market was founded in 1907 and is one of the oldest open-air , public farmers markets in the United States . But there 's more to this market than just the amazing , locally grown food . Wonderful restaurants , unique shops , the Seattle Aquarium and eccentric buskers really make the trip down to Elliott Bay worth your while . And if you 're wiped out from all that shopping , walk across the street to the original Starbucks to grab some java . Speaking of coffee , did I mention that Juan Valdez has a time share here ? You ca n't swing a laptop in this town without hitting a coffee stand that features tons of flavors , roasts and a plethora of options for the caffeine junkie . Sorry Portland , but as much as we love our sister to the south , the fact is that Seattle has everything we could want and more . Between the atmosphere , Bill Gates and parks bursting with greenery , it really is the gem of the Pacific Northwest .	As part of our Destination USA series , we pit rival cities and let you vote on which is best It 's the battle of the Pacific Northwest : Seattle vs. Portland CNN 's Ashley Preskar says Seattle is the most beautiful city in America Show us why you think Seattle or Portland is better on CNN iReport
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some of the security officials at this weekend 's Super Bowl will be scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans as part of the effort to spot suspicious and possibly dangerous people in the crowd . Fans take in the sights Thursday at the NFL Experience at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa , Florida . The Transportation Security Administration says it will have several teams of behavior-detection officers working with local police in Tampa , Florida , as an added security measure for the high-profile game . TSA spokesman Christopher White said that the officers are being sent at the request of the local police and the FBI , and that it 's the first time such officers are assisting with a major sports event . "  Unlike technology , the human detection officers can be anywhere , " White said . "  They can be completely unobtrusive . " The TSA officers will be wearing their uniforms and working in teams with police along the stadium 's security perimeter but wo n't work inside the stadium as fans watch the game . They 'll also be around key hotels associated with the Super Bowl , the airport and other transportation centers in Tampa . Watch what goes on at Super Bowl media day " According to White , if a TSA officer observes someone displaying unusual behavior , a local police officer will follow up by questioning the person . This month , the TSA also held a four-hour training session on behavior detection for about 100 Tampa-area police . The TSA officers themselves undergo an initial seven days of training before being paired with experienced officers and having follow-up training . Barry Steinhardt of the American Civil Liberties Union said such behavior screening is a bad idea . "  There is no scientific evidence behavior profiling works to pick out terrorists or criminals , " Steinhardt said . The TSA uses behavior screening daily at airports . White said officers also have helped out at such high-profile events as last week 's presidential inauguration and the Republican and Democratic national conventions .	TSA will scan body language and demeanor of fans attending big game TSA says behavior-detection officers will work in tandem with Tampa police ACLU says there 's no hard proof that such screening works
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Jessica Keenan tried on wedding dresses in a fancy Beverly Hills boutique , about 100 miles from the Santa Barbara , California , clinic where she gets blasted with chemotherapy once a week . Jessica Keenan , 34 , is getting married January 24 , thanks to the Dream Foundation . Keenan is 34 years old and battling Stage 4 breast cancer with faith , hope and a charity called the Dream Foundation , which helps terminally ill adults . " You get a diagnosis and you never know how short your time is , " Keenan said . "  I chose to believe there is going to be a cure . You still carry those dreams of getting married , having a kid . " But Keenan and her fiancé , Curtis Jimenez , could n't afford a wedding -- their finances are sapped by her cancer battle . They rent from friends . Keenan wrote a letter to Dream Foundation , at the suggestion of her devoted nurses at the Santa Barbara cancer center . "  It all just started snowballing , " she said . Her wish has been granted , thanks to Dream Foundation and flock of people she has never met . Think of the foundation as Make-A-Wish , but instead of trying to help desperately sick children , Dream Foundation assists terminally ill adults . Keenan 's wedding is a different , more lavish wish than most of the requests the foundation has been receiving in this tough economy . "  People 's needs are becoming basic , " said the charity 's founder , Thomas Rollerson . "  We are getting wishes just to pay an electric bill , pay the rent , or help keep a promise to go to Disneyland to give them that memory in a time of hopelessness , doctors visits and uncertainty . " Other dreams are simply for dying family members to be united with loved ones , last visits before last rites . Rollerson explains that with money tight , donors can still help without writing big checks . For example , people can donate frequent flier miles or hotel points . When corporate donors and philanthropists jump in , a Dream Foundation wish can turn elaborate . The foundation 's Web site is a bulletin board of heartache looking for relief . There 's Bruce , 31 , dying of Hodgkin 's lymphoma . He wants to leave New York state for the first time and take his wife and his 6-year-old son to Disney World . Remedios is a California woman with incurable cancer . She wants to treat the daughter who stands over her bed to a Quinceniera , a traditional celebration for a girl who turns 15 years old . Bone cancer is expected to kill Edward Lucas of Springfield , Missouri , in less than six months . He wants to celebrate his 21st wedding anniversary with his wife , Nancy , before he leaves her a widow with an adult daughter and three grandchildren . Their dream is a warm-weather honeymoon trip never taken . Edward was hospitalized and too weak to talk to CNN . "  I wanted him to have a trip or something to look forward to , " Nancy said . "  A lot of people do n't realize there are dreams for adults too . " The Lucas ' dream trip is coming together with the help of Dream Foundation , which is hashing out some of the flight and hotel issues to Florida . Back in California , Keenan 's wedding is speeding toward January 24 , thanks to dozens of corporate sponsors and a wealthy Texas do-gooder , Beverly Adams , who made a big financial contribution . The upscale boutique Monique Lhullier donated the dress . "  We 're a conduit , " Dream Foundation 's Rollerson said . "  People are willing to help . They just need to know how and where . " Keenan , a hairdresser by trade , was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 2005 . She thought she had it beat two years ago when she met her fiancé on New Year 's Eve . She found out in March of 2007 the cancer returned . Her fiancé has remained at her side . "  When they met , they were just so into each other , " said Lena Rueff , who first introduced the bride-to-be to her brother . "  He has been a rock for her . He packs snacks , games , books to the hospital where he stays with her . " In the dress shop , she and the other bridesmaids cheer for Jessica . "  You look sexy ! " Her hair is cropped short after all the chemotherapy . "  I like the long veil . " Jessica pauses , realizing she 's not just playing dress-up with grade school friends . "  It 's overwhelming . I 'm anxious and excited , " she said , standing in a room where some dresses cost more than new cars . "  I still do n't believe it 's going to happen . " The bridesmaids stop cheering for a second and rub away tears of joy .	Jessica Keenan , 34 , has Stage 4 breast cancer One of her dreams is to get married to defy her terminally ill prognosis The Dream Foundation is helping her dream come true The foundation helps terminally ill adults with their last wishes
CNN  -- An Arkansas inmate seeks to exercise what he says is a key tenet of his faith , but corrections officials cite security concerns in their refusal to accommodate . The issue comes down to a half-inch beard , and this claim of religious liberty within prison walls will now be debated by the Supreme Court . The justices will kick off the first week of their new term with a one-hour oral argument Tuesday . The case will be another major test of the government 's ability to justify a range of policies that might restrict religious accommodation -- from the Obamacare health law to workplace hiring . Gregory Holt , also known as Abdul Maalik Muhammad , is a Muslim who filed a handwritten petition with the high court . He cites rights under the federal Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act , or RLUIPA . The state responds that inmate beards could pose a security risk to guards and the public : Prisoners who escape could shave their facial hair , altering their appearance . And weapons and other contraband could be hidden in heavy beards or inside their cheeks , covered by facial hair . Current Arkansas prison policy allows only a "  neatly trimmed mustache . " The Obama administration is backing Holt , and some legal analysts say that could ultimately sway the justices , who have traditionally been deferential to the security judgments of prison officers . "  It 's all about whether or not there is a compelling government interest that 's being put forth in the least restrictive way possible , " said Elizabeth Wydra , chief counsel at the Constitutional Accountability Center , a progressive legal think tank . "  And here , maybe Arkansas has n't met its burden for saying it can limit a person 's ability to grow a beard when his religion compels him to do so . " The beard case is one of three high-profile disputes over religion that will be heard by the justices in coming weeks . One involves a federal law allowing American citizens born in the holy city of Jerusalem to list the county of origin on their passports as "  Israel " or "  Palestine . " Right now , those passports list no country , a reflection of the disputed control over the region . President Barack Obama and his predecessor have resisted the congressional mandate , saying it interferes with his executive power to recognize independent sovereigns . And the court will hear arguments over whether local governments can impose stricter regulations on temporary church signs than on other noncommercial displays , such as lost-dog posters and political campaign banners typically displayed along streets in the weeks before an election . The tiny Good News Community Church is challenging a Phoenix suburb 's ordinance , saying it hurts efforts to attract new members to its services in a rented facility . Prison safety vs. religious freedom Administrative Directive 98-04 . D of the Arkansas Department of Correction permits beards only for those "  with a diagnosed dermatological problem . " But in his self-initiated plea to the justices , Holt complained that he and fellow Muslims were forced "  to either obey their religious beliefs and face disciplinary action on the one hand , or violate those beliefs in order to acquiesce " to the facial hair policy . He cited the Hadith -- literary traditions and sayings of the Prophet Mohammed -- which says , "  Allah 's Messenger said , ` Cut the mustaches short and leave the beard  as it is  . ' " Holt said he offered to keep his beard to a half-inch as a "  compromise , " but that was rejected . The U.S. Justice Department has offered its support , saying more than 40 states and the federal correctional system allow beards of varying lengths . "  When Congress enacted RLUIPA , it made clear that courts should accord deference to prison administrators ' considered judgments about how to run safe and efficient prisons , " Obama administration lawyers told the court in a written brief . "  Congress also made clear , however , that such deference is not due when a prison justifies a restriction based on exaggerated fears or mere speculation . " The state obviously sees things differently . Holt is housed at the Varner Supermax , a 468-bed , ultra-maximum security section of the correctional facility in Grady , Arkansas , near Pine Bluff . Officials point to Inmate 129-616 's self-admission as a "  Yemen-trained Muslim fundamentalist " with a violent criminal past . He had been indicted by a federal grand jury for threatening to harm then-President George W. Bush 's two daughters . A few years later , he was convicted in state court and sentenced to life in prison for breaking into the home of his ex-girlfriend and severely wounding her , slitting her throat and stabbing her in the chest . Law enforcement officials say he threatened to wage "  jihad " against anyone who helped convict him , both at trial and later behind bars . So state leaders had a simple message for the courts : Allow us room to decide which restrictions work best within each institution 's unique circumstances . "  Prisons are dangerous places ... officials create rules intended to strike a delicate balance between safety and security , on the one hand , and giving inmates a sense of dignity and achieving rehabilitative goals , on the other hand , " said the Arkansas brief to the high court . Corrections officials take "  religious freedom seriously , " but they also take seriously their "  paramount interests in safety and security , too . " Hobby Lobby case connection Holt is being defended in court by the Beckett Fund for Religious Liberty , the same nonprofit group that backed two Christian families in a separate high court challenge earlier this year . At issue there was whether a federal law permitted closely held family-owned corporations the discretion to deny contraception coverage in employer-funded insurance plans . The conservative court dealt a setback to the White House and Obamacare supporters in the so-called Hobby Lobby dispute , saying those with "  sincerely held " religious beliefs had a limited right to operate in harmony with biblical principles while competing in a secular marketplace . The Beckett Fund noted that groups like the American Civil Liberties Union and the Anti-Defamation League , along with Catholic bishops , are now backing the inmate . "  The across-the-board support for Mr. Muhammad shows that religious liberty remains one of the bedrock ideals of America , " said Eric Rassbach , the group 's deputy general counsel . "  Whether we treat prisoners with basic human dignity -- including the freedom to seek God -- speaks volumes about who we are as a nation . " Some conservative groups noted that the federal government was supporting Holt in the religious liberty fight while opposing the Christian business owners in the "  Hobby Lobby " appeals . "  The question is do we hold that religious freedom applies even when we do n't agree with the religious principles of the person here , " said Carrie Severino , chief counsel for the Judicial Crisis Network . "  The Obama administration does n't necessarily have as consistent a position . They were against it when it came to the Hahn and Green families exercising their religious freedom , and they 're all for it with prisoner beards . " The Supreme Court has debated the issue of body grooming and liberty before . In 1879 , Justice Stephen Field struck down San Francisco 's Queue Ordinance , which required an inmate 's hair in the county jail be cut to a "  uniform length of one inch from the scalp . " Ho Ah Kow , a Chinese immigrant laborer , had been arrested for living in overcrowded tenement conditions , a misdemeanor offense designed to reduce unsanitary , dangerous living spaces . His pigtail was cut , and Ah Kow protested , saying the policy violated "  the religious faith of the Chinese " natives . Field agreed , concluding that the ordinance on long braids went against the Equal Protection Clause by "  acting with special severity upon Chinese prisoners , inflicting upon them suffering altogether disproportionate to what would be endured by other prisoners . " The current Arkansas dispute is Holt v. Hobbs  13-6827  . A ruling is expected in a few months .	Arkansas inmate Gregory Holt cites religious freedom , says the law allows him to have a beard But the state says inmate beards could pose a security risk to guards and the public Current Arkansas prison policy allows only a "  neatly trimmed mustache " Obama administration backs Holt , and some legal analysts say that could sway the justices
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Bad weather hampered recovery efforts Friday as rescue teams combed a forbidding slope of an Indonesian mountain where a Russian jetliner crashed on a demonstration flight this week . Rescuers found 12 bodies early in the day , according to Vice Marshal Daryatmo , head of the National Search and Rescue Agency , who like many Indonesians uses only one name . It will take at least two weeks to identify the victims through DNA tests , Indonesian authorities said . All 45 on board the Sukhoi Superjet 100 are feared dead . The Superjet 100 , Russia 's newest passenger plane , slammed into Mount Salak , a volcano south of Jakarta , after disappearing from radar screens Wednesday . Most of the wreckage is on a steep slope about 6,000 feet high , making it difficult to reach . The cause of the crash remained unclear . The Russian Investigative Committee said it has launched a criminal probe into possible safety violations . "  We can understand how the families are feeling right now , and we want to do this evacuation as fast as we can , but the problem is the crash site terrain is unreachable by parachute , " Daryatmo said at a news conference Friday . Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono announced a joint investigation Friday after a phone call with his Russia counterpart , Vladimir Putin . "  I welcome the offer from Russian President Putin because the goal is to investigate what could have caused the plane crash , " Yudhoyono said . The Russian Investigative Committee had said 48 people were on board the plane , including eight Russian crew members . But the Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti said the number was 45 , citing Sukhoi Civil Aviation President Vladimir Prisyazhnyuk as saying three of the people on the passenger list did not board the flight . The plane was on a demonstration flight for Indonesian Ministry of Transportation officials and representatives of Indonesian airlines , the Russian Embassy in Jakarta said before the crash . Indonesia 's Sky Aviation signed a $ 380 million deal in 2011 to buy 12 Sukhoi Superjet 100s , and press reports said a number of Sky employees were on the plane that went down . Sukhoi employees are also among the missing . It was the first crash of a Sukhoi Superjet 100 , RIA Novosti said . The plane was on its second demonstration flight Wednesday when it lost contact with air controllers at Jakarta 's Halim Perdanakusuma Airport . The Sukhoi jet arrived in Jakarta as part of a demonstration tour of six Asian countries . It had been to Myanmar , Pakistan and Kazakhstan , and was scheduled to visit Laos and Vietnam after Indonesia , RIA Novosti said . Sukhoi manufactures military aircraft and is known especially for its fighter jets . Its civilian aircraft is narrow-bodied with a dual-class cabin that can transport 100 passengers over regional routes . It flew its maiden flight in 2008 and has had encountered problems in the past . In March , a Superjet 100 operated by Russia 's Aeroflot Airlines was forced to abandon its flight to Astrakhan , Russia , and return to Moscow because of problems with the undercarriage , according to RIA Novosti . A similar defect in another Aeroflot-operated Superjet 100 plane had to be fixed in Minsk in December . However , Russia 's state-run United Aircraft Corp. said the defect did not affect passenger safety . CNN 's Kathy Quiano in Jakarta and Alla Eshchenko in Moscow contributed to this report .	Recovery efforts are hampered by high elevation and bad weather Rescuers have found 12 bodies so far The Russian Sukhoi Superjet 100 slammed into Mount Salak , a volcano south of Jakarta Russia launches criminal probe into possible safety violations
You 've seen the headlines this week : "  Huge ice storm hits the South . " "  Disastrous snow storm heads toward East Coast . " If you live southeast of the Appalachians , weather bulletins about ice and snow have been almost impossible to avoid the past few days . But as scary as they sound , few realize it could be a whole lot more deadly . Even though the storms of February are not over , it is safe to say that their ultimate cost will be in the tens of billions of dollars and may further dampen what some economists believe is an already weak recovery . Production grinds to a halt in areas where there is no electricity . Goods can not be transported over blizzard-closed highways . Plus , there is the human toll : People shivering in homes without power for days and lost wages because of factories shutting down when parts ca n't reach the assembly line . But here 's an unexpected thought : Without weather science , all of this would be much worse . Live blog : Deadly weather We only have to go back two weeks to get a glimpse of what life would be like without weather forecasts and storm warnings . Atlanta and Georgia officials chose to ignore accurate warnings of 1 to 3 inches of snow , resulting in utter gridlock and 22-hour one-way commutes . With that wake-up call , people took the forecasts seriously this time . Schedules were adjusted and people worked from home . For days , meteorologists warned of widespread power failures . As of Wednesday afternoon , the number of people without power in the Southeast -- the number of households without power multiplied by 3.5 people per household -- was more than 1 million and rising rapidly . It appears that most people in affected areas where power has been lost heeded the warnings so as to mitigate the effects . Track Winter weather in the South And all that is because our nation 's complex weather infrastructure -- state-of-the-art technology , satellites in the sky , powerful computers on the ground and talented , committed professionals in the public and private sector -- is making it easier and faster for you to know when the big one is coming , saving money and saving lives . As I explained in my book , "  Warnings : The True Story of How Science Tamed the Weather , " America 's life-saving storm warning system was created by dedicated scientists fighting storms and bureaucracy to provide the accurate warnings we enjoy today . Over the years , a beneficial division of duties has evolved : The taxpayer-funded National Weather Service provides the meteorological infrastructure needed by everyone as well as forecasts and storm warnings for the public-at-large . Snow , ice pummel Southeast , stranding drivers , cutting power Private-sector weather organizations such as CNN and AccuWeather draw on this infrastructure to provide specifically tailored forecasts and storm warnings needed by television audiences , businesses and other specialized clientele . This system works extraordinarily well . America 's Weather Enterprise -- the sum of the National Weather Service , related federal agencies , commercial weather companies and local meteorologists -- are all striving to build a weather-ready nation . And there is plenty of work yet to be done : -- More and better measurements of the state of the atmosphere . -- Better computer models that can use those measurements to create more accurate forecast guidance . -- Accurate , timely forecasts for the public . -- Specialized services for businesses , government agencies and others to suit their specific requirements . -- Educating the public and specialized users about the ways to use weather information most effectively to protect people and property . Unfortunately , there are those who propose putting the safety of the public in jeopardy by changing the emphasis of the National Weather Service to an organization primarily dedicated to giving "  decision-support services . " This means that instead of a successful , vital agency providing and maintaining the weather infrastructure to make sure we know when the next storm is coming -- all based on real data -- they would be turned into governmental "  consultants " with the duty to help bureaucrats and others make decisions . For instance , as the current ice storm was developing , a forecaster at the Atlanta National Weather Service office wrote Monday in an "  area forecast discussion " that he did n't have sufficient time for forecasting the ice storm because he was spending most of his time on "  decision support . " Whether it is a hurricane , ice storm , blizzard or tornado looming , what does that taxpayer prefer ? An accurate storm warning for everyone , or the National Weather Service forecasters distracted by giving weather briefings to specialized groups , something that may not be part of their core expertise ? By keeping the current division of duties , the American Weather Industry can boost the American economy -- and provide much-needed jobs -- while saving the government money . It is a win-win for everyone .	Mike Smith says that advances in weather science have made forecasting much better A robust weather infrastructure and public/private partnerships have improved forecasts But , Smith argues , proposed changes in the National Weather Service could impact safety
CNN  -- Barack Obama 's two daughters had another reason to high-five their dad 's election to the presidency Tuesday night : they 're getting a puppy . President Bush 's dog Barney walks in the White House Rose Garden in 2007 . "  Sasha and Malia , " Obama said in his victory speech at Chicago 's Grant Park , "  I love you both so much , and you have earned the new puppy that 's coming with us to the White House . " The new White House pet will follow in the paw-steps of a menagerie of animals that have had the run of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue over the years . The Bush family shared their eight years at the White House with a cat , a feisty English springer spaniel and two Scottish terriers -- all of whom have their own pages on the president 's Web site . The Clintons ' Washington stay included a cat , Socks , who did not get along with their chocolate Labrador retriever , Buddy . And Millie the springer spaniel 's canine view of life in the White House -- as "  told to " then-first lady Barbara Bush -- became a best-seller that outsold the memoirs of President George H.W. Bush . While many presidents took to heart President Harry Truman 's admonishment -- "  If you want a friend in Washington , get a dog " -- first pets have come in all shapes , sizes and species . Thomas Jefferson kept two grizzly bears in a cage on the White House lawn , while John Quincy Adams is said to have let his alligator use a bathtub inside . Calvin Coolidge walked his raccoons on a leash . Theodore Roosevelt 's sons escorted their pet pony onto the White House elevator to cheer up a sick sibling . And perhaps the strangest of all : Martin Van Buren briefly owned two tiger cubs , a gift from the Sultan of Oman . Pets have sometimes been a boon to a president 's image . But some have also taken a bite out of their popularity . Animal lovers howled in protest when Lyndon B. Johnson picked up his beagles , Him and Her , by the ears to provide photographers a better view . On the other hand , Richard Nixon -- running for vice president and accused of accepting illegal campaign contributions -- successfully defended himself in his famous "  Checkers Speech . " The only gift he ever accepted was "  a little cocker spaniel dog " that his daughter named Checkers , Nixon said . "  And I just want to say this , right now , that regardless of what they say about it , we are going to keep it , " he added . Come January , the Obamas will make history by becoming the first African-American family to move into the White House . But if Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 , get what they 've been promised , the new tenants will keep one long-standing tradition alive ... and wagging .	President-elect Obama promises his daughters a puppy White House has a history of president pets -- from dogs to tiger cubs President Bush had three dogs and cat , President Clinton a dog and cat
CNN  Us Weekly magazine has retracted a story about model and reality star Kendall Jenner and her father , former Olympian Bruce Jenner . "  We would like to retract the story entirely and have removed it from our website . We sincerely apologize to Ms. Jenner and her family , " the magazine said Thursday on its website . Us Weekly had quoted the sister , a member of the Kardashian family , as saying she supported her father , who has made entertainment headlines over rumors that he is becoming a woman . "  He 's a wonderful man . And just because he 's changing shoes now , so to speak , does n't make him less wonderful . I will always love my dad , whether he 's a man or a woman , " the magazine quoted her as saying . But Kendall Jenner said she never said that . "  How is it legal for someone to ` quote ' someone and publish it if in fact you never said what was quoted ? " she tweeted . Us Weekly said on its website : "  The interview was allegedly conducted by an independent freelance journalist at the Saturday , March 14 , taping of Comedy Central 's roast of Justin Bieber in Los Angeles . When Ms. Jenner denied , via Twitter , that the interview took place , Us Weekly immediately reached out to the freelance reporter . "  He stood by the interview , and continues to maintain that the quotes are accurate . However , after attempting to reconfirm his account , editors of Us have concerns about the veracity of this interview and the circumstances under which it was obtained . " Bruce Jenner has not commented publicly on speculation that he 's transitioning to a woman , so any comments from his relatives would essentially be confirming the rumors . CNN 's attempts to get comment from him , his agents and his mother about the rumors have gone unanswered .	Us Weekly retracts a story about the daughter of former Olympian Bruce Jenner Us Weekly quoted Kendall Jenner as saying she supported her father Bruce Jenner is making headlines over rumors he is becoming a woman
If home is where the heart is , a new survey suggests that most people are n't sure exactly where they live . More than half of people can not pinpoint the exact location of the human heart on a diagram , and nearly 70 percent ca n't correctly identify the shape of the lungs , according to the survey . This lack of knowledge is n't just embarrassing -- it could lead to a poorer quality of health care , some experts say . In the study , published in the journal BMC Family Practice , a research team surveyed 722 Britons -- 589 hospital outpatients and 133 people in the general population . They gave the volunteers four diagrams of human figures and asked them to choose the one that showed the correct size and location of a specific organ .  For example , the heart diagrams showed various size organs on the far left side of the chest , directly in the center , anchored on the center/left chest , and on the right side of the chest . Overall , people knew less basic anatomy than the researchers expected -- even those patients being treated for a specific condition involving that organ . Participants generally answered half the questions correctly , including 46.5 percent who knew which drawing represented their heart . In all , 31.4 percent correctly identified the lungs , 38.4 percent the stomach , 41.8 percent the thyroid , and 42.5 percent the kidneys . The intestines and bladder were the most easily identified , with 85.9 percent and 80.7 percent , respectively , answering the question correctly . Health.com : Are you cholesterol smart ? Take this quiz There was little to no improvement compared with a similar study conducted in 1970 , says lead author John Weinman , Ph.D. , of King 's College London . In that study , subjects correctly identified eight major body parts about half of the time .  The researchers used the same body parts from the 1970 study and added three more : the pancreas , gallbladder , and ovaries . Given the accessibility of the Internet and the prominence of health stories in the news media today , Weinman 's team expected that people would now know more about their body . Weinman says he would n't be surprised if a study based in the United States produced similar results -- or worse . "  I imagine they would be similar , but there could well be regional variation , depending on which part of the U.S. the participants were from , " he says . "  Actually , I asked one of my colleagues , who is from the U.S. , and she felt that Americans might be worse because , to quote her , ` Very many Americans do n't even know where New Jersey is , so how would they know where their pancreas is ? ' " Health.com : Eat Smarter in your 30s , 40s , and 50s That may sound harsh , but time and again , U.S. studies have shown that doctors overestimate how much their patients understand about their conditions and treatment . Adam Kelly , Ph.D. , an assistant professor of medicine at the Baylor College of Medicine , in Houston , Texas , conducted a 2007 study , that showed that doctors overestimate patient literacy and that a lack of patient knowledge leads to poorer care . Kelly believes the problem could be "  even more profound " in the United States , although a similar study has not been conducted in America . Still , anatomy may not be the best measure of health literacy , says Sandeep Jauhar , M.D. , the director of the heart failure program at the Long Island Jewish Medical Center , and the author of "  Intern : A Doctor 's Initiation . " Health.com : Computer games that boost your memory "  They would like us to draw the conclusion that because the patients ca n't identify these organs anatomically that that is an indication of low health-care literacy -- and that may or may not be true , " he says . "  I work with heart failure patients , and whether they can identify where their heart is is not so important to me as long as they know which medicines to take and when . " Many patients with heart failure , unfortunately , do n't know which medicines to take , ca n't identify their symptoms , and do n't follow up with their doctors , Jauhar says . "  So health illiteracy is definitely a big problem , " he adds . "  I just do n't know that this is the best study to show that Americans or Europeans are illiterate when it comes to their health care . " The study suggests that patients with liver disease and diabetes may be the most health-literate : They were the only two groups to do better than the general population when identifying their affected organ . Overall , 75.3 percent of those with liver disease could find the liver  versus 45.9 percent in the general population  and 53.7 percent of diabetics could locate the pancreas  versus 30.8 percent  . Health.com : How I survived a heart attack at 43 "  It is possible that patient-education material for people with diabetes may help to increase their knowledge -LSB- of the pancreas -RSB- , but it is still only at the 50 percent level , " Weinman says . "  The same explanation may also be true for liver disease , but it may be a chance finding due to the sampling of patients for this study , and it really needs replicating in other larger studies to be certain it is a robust finding and to search for possible reasons for it . " Weinman says there 's a mountain of evidence to prove that effective communication from doctors increases patient satisfaction and understanding , leading to better clinical outcomes and improved adherence to treatment . Health.com : I lost my insurance , stopped my diabetes medication , and had a heart attack Jauhar agrees that health literacy improves not only the quality of health care , but also life expectancy . "  Health literacy is clearly very important , and how well patients are versed in their own health care is probably just as important a factor in determining longevity as genes or socioeconomic status , " he says . "  These are important factors in how long someone lives . " Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	More than half in British survey could n't identify heart 's location U.S. results could be similar or worse , some experts speculate Health literacy contributes to better care received , better patient outcomes
CNN  -- A California jury on Wednesday found the Los Angeles Dodgers negligent in a civil lawsuit related to the beating of San Francisco Giants fan Bryan Stow following a 2011 baseball game . The same jury did not find the Dodgers then-owner , Frank McCourt , negligent in the case . Earlier this year , two California men pleaded guilty for their roles in Stow 's beating . Marvin Norwood and Louie Sanchez were sentenced to four years and eight years , respectively . Wednesday 's verdict was in a civil case . The jury found the Dodgers organization 25 % responsible for Stow 's injuries , while Sanchez and Norwood were each found 37.5 % responsible . It is not yet clear whether there will be an appeal . The lawsuit sought a total of $ 50 million to cover Stow 's medical costs for him and his two children . If the decision is upheld , Stow would -- in theory -- receive just short of $ 18 million in damages total . In practice , the amount will be around $ 15 million , his lawyer told reporters . "  That 's going to go a long way to helping Bryan , " said Stow 's attorney , Thomas Girardi . He explained the breakdown : "  All the medical expenses in the past , all the future medical expenses , all the past loss of earnings and all the future loss of earnings , which is about say $ 14 million , just in rough terms , the Dodgers ... they have to pay all of that . Then , with respect to the pain and suffering -- about $ 4 million or so -- they only have to pay 25 % of that , " he said . The remainder of the settlement , Girardi said , would be paid by Norwood and Sanchez . But since they do n't have that kind of money , Stow -- realistically -- will get some $ 15 million , Girardi said . The lawsuit contends the Dodgers and former owner Frank McCourt did not provide enough lighting and security in the stadium parking lot the night Stow was beaten . Lawyers for the Dodgers and McCourt argued that their clients acted reasonably , and that Stow was intoxicated and aggressive before the assault . Stow appeared at the trial several times in a wheelchair . Man convicted in Dodgers beating case arrested on gun charge Dad of severely beaten Giants fan calls two sentenced men ` cretins '	The jury did not find the Dodgers then-owner , Frank McCourt , negligent in the case Earlier this year , two California men pleaded guilty for their roles in Bryan Stow 's beating Wednesday 's verdict was in a civil case
NEW YORK  CNN  -- After huffing and puffing up 354 steps to the newly reopened Lady Liberty crown , Aaron Weisinger figured it was time to pop the question to his girlfriend , Erica Breder . Aaron Weisinger proposes to Erica Breder on July Fourth inside the crown of the Statue of Liberty . "  The Fourth of July has always been a favorite holiday , so that was part of it , " Weisinger said . The couple flew to New York from San Francisco , California , after managing to be among the first 240 people to snag the tickets to the Statue of Liberty crown for its reopening after September 11 , 2001 . Weisinger got down on one knee inside the narrow , 8-foot-long deck inside the Statue of Liberty 's crown , asked Breder to be his wife and offered her a sizeable diamond ring . "  I believe I was silent for several minutes . I was so excited , " Breder said . Then she said "  yes . " Both said their families came to the United States via Ellis Island . "  My great-grandparents immigrated -LSB- from Russia and Hungary -RSB- , " Weisinger said . His fiance 's relatives arrived from Hungary . "  The thoughts behind the statue and freedom and liberty allowed our parents and great-grandparents before us to have the wonderful lives that we do , " Weisinger added . Breder said she was thrilled to make the long climb up a steep spiral staircase to stand inside Lady Liberty 's crown . "  It was fantastic , much smaller than we had anticipated . The view 's fantastic , " the newly engaged Breder said . New safety measures include double handrails , glass stairwell partitions and careful crowd control , according to Interior Secretary Ken Salazar . Now , only three groups of 10 visitors per hour are guided up to the crown by a National Park Service ranger . That means only about 87,000 will be able to visit each year . In the past , it took visitors at least an hour and a half to climb from the base to the crown . Now , it takes only about 15 to 20 minutes . A new engineering study showed that there had to be changes to make it easier to exit the crowded staircase . Crown tickets can now be reserved online up to a year in advance , but the statue will close again in two years for additional renovations .	Aaron Weisinger proposed to Erica Breder on July 4 inside the Statue of Liberty Couple among first people to see statue 's crown since reopening after 9/11 "  I believe I was silent for several minutes . I was so excited , " Breder said New safety measures include double handrails , stairwell partitions , crowd control
CNN  -- The world 's top-ranked women 's tennis players , Caroline Wozniacki and Vera Zvonareva , have crashed out of the Australian Open warm-up event in Sydney in their opening matches . After receiving a bye in the first round , Danish top seed Wozniacki won just six games as her Slovakian opponent Dominika Cibulkova cruised to a straight-sets 6-3 6-3 win on Tuesday . Russian second seed Zvonareva -- winner of last week 's Hong Kong Classic exhibition event -- put up more of a fight in her first match against Italy 's Flavia Pennetta , but eventually succumbed 7-5 7-5 to the world number 24 . The results are a blow to both players ' preparations for the Australian Open , the first grand slam of this year beginning in Melbourne on January 17 . Poland-born Wozniacki had won her last nine sets against Cibulkova , but the world number 32 made a quick start , breaking serve in the opening game before taking the first set . After trailing 2-3 in the second , she took four straight games to secure her first win over Wozniacki , who is attempting to cement her place as the world 's best player with her first grand slam victory in 2011 . She lost in the fourth round in Melbourne last year . "  At the start of the new season you need to get into match play . I did n't feel I was playing great tennis out there , " the 20-year-old Wozniacki told the official WTA Tour website . "  Now I just need to get some training matches , head to Melbourne and get ready for the Australian Open . Last year I had the same start , so hopefully slow start , good finish . " Wimbledon and U.S. Open finalist Zvonareva could now drop a place in the rankings next week after her defeat by former top-10 player Pennetta . Belgian third seed Kim Clijsters , who booked her place in the quarterfinals with a straight-sets win over the Czech Republic 's Barbora Zahlavova Strycova , would replace Zvonareva as world number two if she progresses further in the tournament . The triple U.S. Open champion next faces seventh seed Victoria Azarenka , following the Belarusian 's 7-5 6-3 triumph over Israel 's Shahar Peer . In the other women 's second-round matches completed on Tuesday , China 's Li Na battled past French qualifier Virginie Razzano 6-4 1-6 6-4 . The eighth seed set up a third-round meeting with Russia 's former world number two Svetlana Kuznetsova , who upset home favorite and fourth seed Sam Stosur in three sets . In the men 's draw , past Sydney finalist and former top-20 player Juan Ignacio Chela recorded his first win at the event in eight years beating Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic in three sets . The Argentine 's next opponent will be France 's Richard Gasquet after the fifth seed claimed a late-night straight sets victory over Australia 's Matthew Ebden . In other completed first round matches , number seven seed Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain beat home favorite Chris Guccione . And Italy 's Potito Starace and Andreas Seppi defeated Julien Benneteau of France Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan respectively . On Monday , former world number five Juan Martin Del Potro returned to winning ways with a first-round win . The Argentine overcame Spanish sixth seed Feliciano Lopez in three tie break sets to book a second round tie with Germany 's Florian Mayer . At the ATP event in Auckland , New Zealand on Tuesday , Argentine former world number three David Nalbandian beat Italy 's Fabio Fognini in straight sets to get his 2011 campaign off to a winning start . The 29-year-old 2001 Wimbledon finalist will face Phillip Petzschner in the second round after the German knocked out Dutchman Thiemo de Bakker .	Caroline Wozniacki and Vera Zvonareva lose in second round at Sydney International Top two seeds beaten by Dominika Cibulkova and Flavia Pennetta respectively Kim Clijsters is highest-ranked player left in draw ; could overtake Zvonareva as No. 2 Winning starts for Argentina 's David Nalbandian and Juan Martin Del Potro
CNN  -- The Wu-Tang Clan -- the New York hip-hop supergroup that spawned millions of album sales , nine solo acts and a few acting careers -- almost never was . If RZA , left , had been jailed or Method Man killed , Wu-Tang may have never formed , RZA says . Method Man , the group 's most recognizable voice , was nearly killed before the band formed , Wu-Tang 's chief producer , RZA , writes in his forthcoming memoir . Meth was walking to buy marijuana at 160 Park Hill Avenue in Staten Island -- the house in Wu-Tang 's "  Protect Ya Neck " video -- when RZA saw him across the street , he writes in the book . "  Come over here , yo ! " RZA beckoned , according to "  The Tao of Wu "  Riverhead  . "  He stopped and came running over . A few seconds later -- pow-pow-pow-pow-pow ! -- a guy started shooting up the front of 160 . A buddy of ours , Poppy , an innocent , school-going , nice guy -- he was shot and killed right there . " Interactive : Where 's the Wu been ? " It was n't the only close call RZA said could have snuffed the band that rewrote the rule book for hip-hop acts . The year before the group formed in 1993 , RZA was acquitted on an attempted murder charge that could have put him behind bars for eight years , he writes in "  The Tao of Wu , " out Thursday . Expanding on the book 's anecdotes in an interview with CNN , RZA explained that if he had been imprisoned or if Method Man , aka Clifford Smith , had been killed , the band never would have come to fruition . RZA , whose real name is Robert Diggs and whose stage name is pronounced "  Rizza , " also talked about his role in the death of his cousin , Russell Jones , better known as Ol' Dirty Bastard or ODB . Two days before his 36th birthday in 2004 , ODB died in a New York recording studio from an overdose of cocaine and painkillers . RZA writes in the book that he once witnessed ODB force his own son to watch him do drugs . RZA tried to leave , he writes , but ODB would n't let him . Now , RZA told CNN , he wishes he would 've been tougher with ODB about his drug problem . Following are excerpts from the interview , which has been edited for language , flow and length : CNN : Could your imprisonment or Method Man 's death have derailed Wu-Tang 's formation ? RZA : Either one of those incidents could definitely have derailed it . Of course , myself being the abbot , the one who came with the idea , if I would n't have made it out of that tumultuous time -- it seemed like I was n't going to make it out of it ; there was a lot of odds against me -- but we stood strong , and self-defense made sense to the jury . We beat that ... It was the victory over that incident that made me change my whole direction . In a way , it 's double-edged in that incident . One , if I would 've lost that , yeah , Wu-Tang would n't have happened , but also it 's the victory of it that inspired me and gave me the drive also to go and really get serious about Wu-Tang and the things I was dealing with . Same thing with Meth , he always brings it up ... that that day saved his life . He actually said , if it was anybody else calling him , he would n't have came . CNN : In the book , you cite lessons from Eastern religions , Christianity , Islam , -LSB- Nation of Islam offshoot -RSB- Five Percent , numerology , comic books , kung fu , chess . What would you say to someone who says it 's difficult to reconcile these dogmas ? RZA : Like it says in the Bible , "  In the beginning was the word , and the word became flesh " -- if we go to the root of the word , we will find that , yeah , everything is similar . Everything is teaching us all the same path . It 's just that one religion was good for these people because of their living conditions . In the Quran , they mention paradise being filled with wells , wells of water , and if you 're in the desert and you 've got a chance to get water and gardens -- as they describe paradise in the holy Quran -- if you 're going to get gardens , that 's the paradise that fits your situation . ... Everything they 're saying relates to the people they 're talking to . ... You remove the messenger and take the message . CNN : You say in the book that your penchant for violent lyrics in your younger years "  was a product of my history and environment " and that it no longer represents you . But you also say you wo n't repudiate violence . Why not ? RZA : One reason I have n't repudiated it is because when it 's necessary , it 's necessary . -LSB- The Bible 's -RSB- Ecclesiastes tell us there 's a time for everything -- a time for war , a time for peace -- so in times for war , there 's time for violence . Then in -LSB- the Hindu scripture -RSB- Bhagavad Gita , it says Arjuna was talking , Arjuna did n't want to commit violent acts against an army that was attacking him . He could n't find it in his heart to do it . It was people he loved . He did n't want to get into violence , but Krishna had to point out to him , "  Your duty is your duty . " ... So , to me , violence in the light of justice is still violent , but I do n't see it the same . It 's because of justice that I do n't repudiate violence because justice must be served somehow . CNN : ODB was a product of his environment as well . To what degree were you and other Wu-Tang members responsible for his death ? RZA : The guys would say it 's more me than them because they say that 's my cousin and I was right there . If you let a man that you love or anybody -- man , woman or child that you love -- sit there and destroy themselves in front of you , you 're neglecting them ... Everybody let him do what he wanted to do . ... There were times when I took his drugs and threw them down the toilet . When I do that , he would get so pissed off I do n't see him for weeks after that . ... So it got to a point , I was like , " -LSB- expletive -RSB- it , let him do his drugs " just to have him around me , just to keep him there . ... But it 's still neglect , yo . CNN : You say you ran Wu-Tang like a dictatorship in its first five years . I know you and Raekwon have had creative differences and Ghostface Killah is suing you over royalties . Ever regret the dictatorship approach ? RZA : I do n't regret it because it got us to the power we are . ... To me , in the beginning , the dictatorship led us to such a strong foundation that even though Wu-Tang seemed to be crumbling , it did n't fall because of the root foundation of one man 's idea . But now as it 's coming back together -- we 're living in the twilight age of it right now -- it 's still surviving because of the democracy of it . CNN : Wu-Tang is still around , but nothing like the heyday of the 1990s . Will we ever see a renaissance ? RZA : Well , to me , Wu-Tang is beyond Wu-Tang Clan . ... It 's just like hip-hop is beyond Grandmaster Flash , but Grandmaster Flash was one of the first guys to hit those turntables like that . ... The same thing with Wu-Tang . You 'll see the difference in hip-hop from the moment we came in to before we came in . We changed it . We changed the whole structure . CNN : Have you accomplished everything you 've set out to accomplish ? RZA : I 'm me and the me that 's me is me and is going to continue to be me , and it 's always reaching and growing . I 'm grateful for what I 've accomplished . I 'm grateful for anyone who thinks I accomplished something and says , "  Well he did this ; he did that . " I 'm proud to be accepted , but I feel like I 've just scratched the surface for some weird reason . CNN 's Kyle Almond contributed to this report .	Wu-Tang producer : Attempted murder conviction also could have derailed band Rapper/producer/actor RZA talks of forming Wu-Tang Clan in upcoming memoir RZA : Ol' Dirty Bastard made son watch him do drugs before 2004 fatal overdose Book cites lessons from Christianity , Islam , numerology , kung fu , chess
CNN  -- What do you do when you 're NASA and comedian Stephen Colbert wins your contest to name the new wing for the International Space Station ? You name an orbital exercise machine after him . NASA will name an orbital exercise machine after comedian Stephen Colbert . The Combined Operational Load Bearing External Resistance Treadmill , or COLBERT , is expected to keep astronauts in shape . With the help of a legion of fans , Colbert got the most votes in the space agency 's online poll soliciting names for Node 3 , which will be called Tranquility after the Sea of Tranquility , where Apollo 11 landed on the moon . Astronaut Sunita "  Suni " Williams revealed NASA 's decision on "  The Colbert Report , " which aired on Comedy Central on Tuesday . "  Your name will be in space , in a very important place , " Williams said as Colbert reacted in mock disgust to her announcement of the node 's new name . "  I think a treadmill is better than a node ... because the node is just a box for the treadmill , " Colbert deadpanned . "  Nobody says , ` Hey , my mom bought me a Nike box . ' They want the shoes that are inside . " Colbert 's campaign generated welcome attention for the oft-forgotten International Space Station , but it also presented a dilemma for NASA . The contest rules spelled out that NASA reserves the right to "  ultimately select a name in accordance with the best interests of the agency . ... Such name may not necessarily be one which is on the list of voted-on candidate names . " The runner-up name to Colbert was Serenity , which was more in line with the names of the other nodes . Harmony , the name given Node 2 , was chosen by a poll of kindergartners in 2007 . The publicity caused by Colbert 's interest in Node 3 turned out well for the space agency . "  This spread overall awareness of the International Space Station , " said Bill Gerstenmaier , NASA 's associate administrator for Space Operations , who has appeared on Colbert 's show . NASA changed its plan to announce the new name at the end of April at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida when Colbert 's producers invited them to do it on their show , the space agency said . Pennsylvania Congressman Chaka Fattah , who stepped in the naming fray in March , when he said Colbert had won the naming contest fair and square , called the decision a good compromise . It 's "  one small step for NASA and a giant step for the Colbert nation , " the congressman said , playing off Neil Armstrong 's line when he first set foot on the moon in 1969 . Colbert 's loyal fans have , in the past , bombarded polls to have things named after him . In 2006 , Colbert out-polled every other name in a bridge-naming contest in Hungary . The country 's government later said it can not name the bridge after the comedian because he does not speak Hungarian and is not dead . Colbert also tried to get himself on Democratic and Republican primary ballots in his home state of South Carolina in 2007 . The Democratic Party 's executive council voted against his inclusion , and he did not qualify for the Republican primary because he missed the deadline . However , ice cream maker Ben and Jerry named a new flavor in honor of him , calling it Colbert 's AmeriCone Dream . Virgin America also named one of its planes Air Colbert . CNN 's Ed Payne and CNN Radio 's Shelby Lin and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Comedian Stephen Colbert will have space treadmill named after him TV show host won poll seeking new name for space station node NASA decides to name new space station node "  Tranquility "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Shinzo Abe , Japan 's one-time prime minister , may get a second chance at the job . After serving as the country 's leader from 2006 to 2007 , his Liberal Democratic Party looks set to return to power this weekend in national elections . Some investors believe the second coming of Abe will be good for Japan 's equity markets . "  Investors are pricing in ... much greater monetary easing , " said Ben Collett , head of Japanese equities at Louis Capital Markets in Hong Kong . In mid-November , Abe called for unlimited monetary easing to jumpstart the economy . He also urged the Bank of Japan to raise its current 1 % inflation goal to as much as 3 % . Since then , investors betting on an Abe administration have pushed the Tokyo Nikkei up by more than 10 % . Still , Collett doubts if Abe can deliver on his calls for more stimulus and thinks investors might not see action . "  That 's just talk to get into office . He 's putting a line in the sand . I do n't know how he achieves it . " If anything , Collett believes Abe 's timing is "  quite fortuitous " and that Japan 's economy has "  hit bottom " and is ready to bounce back . And if Abe returns to office , he is expected to push back harder against a rising China than his predecessors , if his previous assertive leadership style is anything to go by . Asia 's first and second largest economies have been embroiled in a months-long trade dispute because of rival territorial claims in the East China Sea . Both China and Japan lay claim to a small grouping of islands , known as the Diaoyu Islands in Chinese and the Senkaku Islands in Japanese . On September 11 , Japan nationalized the islands causing an uproar in China . In retaliation , Chinese consumers slowed their purchases of Japanese products . In October , Japan revealed its September exports to China fell more than 14 % . A stronger stance against China may rattle trade ties even more , Collett said . And that may also weaken Japan 's currency , the yen . "  In fact , Abe 's comments may be intentionally aimed at destabilizing sentiment on the yen , " Collett added , noting that "  anything that removes popularity of the yen as a safe haven " will be good for exporters . Japan 's economy relies heavily on exporters -- big-name brands that include well-known names Toyota , Sony and Panasonic . A weaker currency means Japan 's exporters earn more yen when they repatriate overseas profits back to Japan . Since mid-November , the yen has weakened 5.2 % as Abe 's chances of returning to power have risen . Still , while many economists are becoming more bearish about Japan 's economy , which has just slipped into recession , Collett remains bullish . "  Japan has never looked better to me . I 'm very , very optimistic on it , " Collett said . "  I 'm hopeful for the market and the economy and Abe 's timing is solid . " "  He 'll initiate a cycle of new industrial development -- a rebirth of heavy industry in Japan that includes energy , hi-tech , space exploration and defense industries . "	Some investors believe second coming of Shinzo Abe will be good for Japan equity markets Collett : ` Investors pricing in monetary easing ' after Abe 's support for such measures Abe expected to push back harder against China than his predecessors Collett : Abe may want to destabilize yen to remove its popularity as safe haven
CNN  -- North Korean leader Kim Jong-il has added his brother-in-law to a military board in a move analysts say paves the way for an heir , according to South Korea 's state-sponsored Yonhap news agency . Kim Jong-il has named his brother-in-law Jang Song Thaek to a top military board . The addition of his kin to the powerful National Defense Commission also solidifies his standing , Yonhap said . Kim was reappointed Thursday as chairman of the military board in his first major public appearance since a reported stroke in August . His brother-in-law , Jang Song Thaek , is considered his right-hand man , according to Yonhap . Jang , who has been married to Kim 's sister since 1972 , currently serves as a director of the Workers ' Party , Yonhap said . "  Kim wants to keep the military in check and secure loyalty to both the military and the party , " Cha Doo-hyeogn , a North Korea expert , told Yonhap . Kim also increased the number of members in the military agency to 13 , from eight , Yonhap said . "  Overall , the power of the National Defense Commission was strengthened , " Seoul 's Unification Ministry spokesman , Kim Ho-nyoun , told Yonhap in a briefing . There were no other major changes in the new parliament , which signifies that Kim , 67 , is prepared to maintain the status quo as he readies someone to take over from him , analysts told Yonhap . Kim 's recent health problems and long absence from public functions have prompted speculation on whether he is ready to groom an heir to the world 's only communist dynasty . But the secretive nation shields its internal affairs from international scrutiny . Analysts told Yonhap that Jang may serve as caretaker for Kim 's successor , who will possibly be one of his three sons .	North Korean leader Kim Jong-il added his brother-in-law to a military board Analysts say move paves the way for an heir to be named Jang Song Thaek is considered to be Kim 's right-hand man
This is n't the first time Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has faced allegations that he 's racist . Audio recordings from a conversation full of racist comments attributed to Sterling surfaced over the weekend , bringing national attention to him and his team . But the billionaire real estate mogul has found himself in hot water in the past , denying in court accusations of discrimination tied to the NBA team and to property he owns . A top team executive accused Sterling of running the Clippers with a "  plantation " mentality . Federal prosecutors accused his rental company of refusing to lease Beverly Hills apartments to African-Americans . And a group of tenants accused him of "  numerous discriminatory statements and housing practices . " "  Actions speak louder than words , and Mr. Sterling 's actions have been consistent , " former NBA star Kareem Abdul-Jabbar told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Monday . Abdul-Jabbar , who coached the Clippers for about three months in 2000 , said Sterling has "  a bad reputation . " "  I 'm not surprised by this very much , " he said , "  and that 's really the most unfortunate part of this . " Sterling , who has not publicly commented about the recordings , has owned the team for more than three decades . Clippers President Andy Roeser said Sunday that Sterling is upset and "  emphatic that what is reflected on that recording is not consistent with , nor does it reflect , his views , beliefs or feelings . " Here 's a look at what court documents reveal about several claims made against Sterling in the past : 2009 : Clippers ' former general manager files a wrongful termination lawsuit Elgin Baylor , who was executive vice president and general manager of the Clippers from 1986 to 2008 , filed a lawsuit alleging wrongful termination against Sterling in 2009 , saying that the team 's owner underpaid him and treated him "  as a token because of his race . " Baylor , who is African-American and an 11-time NBA All-Star , said Sterling would n't let him negotiate players ' salaries and had a vision of a "  Southern Plantation type structure " for the team . Sterling , according to Baylor 's complaint , told Baylor repeatedly that he "  wanted the CLIPPERS team to be composed of ` Poor Black boys from the South ' and a White head coach . " The lawsuit also accuses Sterling of ageism and alleges that Sterling harassed him by making demeaning comments about his age . Sterling denied those accusations and said the team acted within its rights and "  for good cause and not for any improper reason . " Before the case went to trial , Baylor dropped the racial discrimination claim but maintained accusations of age discrimination . A jury sided with Sterling in 2011 . At the time , the jury 's foreman said jurors believed Baylor was fired because the "  team had n't been performing , " according to the Los Angeles Times . 2006 : Justice Department accuses Sterling of housing discrimination A Justice Department lawsuit filed in 2006 accused Sterling 's rental company of refusing to lease Beverly Hills apartments to African-Americans , refusing to rent to non-Koreans in the Koreatown section of Los Angeles County and turning away families with children from its properties . That case was settled in 2009 , with Sterling agreeing to pay nearly $ 3 million but continuing to deny the accusations . "  The magnitude of this settlement should send a message to all landlords that we will vigorously pursue violations of the Fair Housing Act , " Thomas E. Perez , then head of the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division , said at the time . Robert Platt , a lawyer for the Sterling Family Trust , said at the time that the settlement includes no admission of liability and the government "  could not identify a single individual who was wrongfully denied the right to rent an apartment from the trust . " He said the company had a "  zero-tolerance " policy regarding discrimination . "  My clients vehemently and unequivocally deny that anyone was discriminated against , " Platt said in a written statement on the settlement . "  Nevertheless , the insurance companies for the trust decided to settle the case because the cost of continued litigation far exceeded the cost of settlement . " 2003 : Tenants , nonprofit allege housing discrimination The nonprofit Housing Rights Center and a group of tenants who lived in Sterling 's properties filed a federal lawsuit in 2003 against Sterling , accusing him of "  numerous discriminatory statements and housing practices , " according to court documents . Court documents allege that Sterling told building staff that he did not like Hispanic or African-American tenants and that he preferred Korean-American tenants and made "  disparaging comments " about African-American and Hispanic tenants . They also allege that Sterling 's company refused to accept rent from African-American and Latino tenants -- then later attempted "  to use the tenants ' supposed failure to pay rent as a basis for eviction . " And they claim that African-American and Latino tenants were asked to sign in as visitors at apartment buildings where they had long lived . Sterling , according to court documents , "  vehemently denied " the allegations and accused the plaintiffs of "  being unreliable tenants and for being driven by hidden agendas . " The case was dismissed in 2005 after a settlement was reached . Details of the deal were not disclosed . According to court documents , a judge ordered Sterling to pay nearly $ 5 million in attorney 's fees to the plaintiffs .	Abdul-Jabbar : "  Actions speak louder than words , and Mr. Sterling 's actions have been consistent " Court documents detail past discrimination claims against L.A. Clippers owner Donald Sterling In a 2009 settlement , Sterling agreed to pay nearly $ 3 million but denied accusations Sterling has repeatedly denied allegations of race discrimination
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama , President Bush and all of the surviving past presidents got together Wednesday for a historic meeting at the White House . Barack Obama meets with President Bush and past presidents in the Oval Office on Wednesday . "  One message that I have , and I think we all share , is that we want you to succeed . Whether we 're Democrat or Republican , we care deeply about this country , " Bush told Obama before lunch with the former presidents . Bush and Obama were joined by Jimmy Carter , George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton . Obama thanked the president for hosting them and said he was grateful for the opportunity to get "  advice , good counsel and fellowship " from the group . Watch what Obama says about the meeting " Obama 's press secretary said the presidents had a "  very constructive conversation " and Obama appreciated "  the spirit of bipartisanship they showed " in wishing him success . "  The president and the former presidents had helpful advice on managing the office , as well as thoughts on the critical issues facing the country right now . The president-elect is anxious to stay in touch with all of them in the coming years , " Robert Gibbs said . Presidential historian Doug Brinkley said it 's "  very smart politics for Obama to keep a channel open " with the former presidents . "  If he has a policy initiative that he wants to lead the country behind ... if he could get the signatures , the green light from all of the ex-presidents to say , ` Not only am I for this , but I have all of the ex-presidents backing me ' -- that 's powerful , " he said . White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said the last time all of the living presidents got together at the White House was in 1981 , and she called Wednesday 's meeting a "  historic moment . " She said the president was "  delighted " to host the luncheon . "  Each of them expressed their desire for President-elect Obama to have a very successful presidency . During the lunch , they had a wide-ranging discussion on many different issues facing the United States , and they all look forward to remaining in contact in the future , " Perino said . The meeting marked the second time Bush has hosted Obama since the election . Obama suggested the meeting with all of the former presidents when he and Bush first met in November . Perino said earlier she did n't know what they would talk about , but she said she 'd love to be able to hear it . "  I 'm sure all of us would love to be flies on the wall and listening to that conversation , " Perino said during Tuesday 's daily news briefing . Perino speculated that they would discuss what it 's like to raise children in the White House and how to protect them . Brinkley predicted that first and foremost , the presidents would recall what it was like to be president . "  All of them will have little anecdotes . They 'll see something in the White House that will bring back a memory . They 'll try to bring some levity to this -- make it a very special and engaging and actually a fun afternoon for Barack Obama , " he said . Secondly , Brinkley said , the conversation would probably turn to what 's going on in the Middle East . Brinkley said that all of the men will be on their "  best behavior , " but , given the personalities at the luncheon , there could be some tension . "  The friction , if there is any , is between Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter , who are known to not like each other at all , " he said , pointing out that the Clinton team did not like Carter "  parachuting for peace into Bosnia , North Korea and Haiti " during Clinton 's administration . "  That 's the relationship that is not warm , it 's not good , and if you are a body language expert , you might home in on that , " he said . President Bush may find himself the odd man out at the meeting , at least in terms of popularity . Bush registered only a 27 percent approval rating in a December CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey . In contrast , Obama had an 82 percent approval rating . A new poll out Wednesday indicates that 69 percent of adult Americans approved of how Clinton handled his job as president , while 64 percent of adult Americans gave a thumbs up to Carter and 60 percent approved of George H.W. Bush . CNN 's Lauren Kornreich contributed to this report	Historian calls meeting "  smart politics , " says it 'll be light , but could be tense Obama and Bush meet with Bill Clinton , George H.W. Bush , Jimmy Carter Obama says he 's grateful for chance to get "  advice , good counsel and fellowship " Last time all the living presidents met at White House was in 1981 , Perino says
CNN  He does n't wear a uniform or hold an official rank , but Hadi Al-Amari is a powerful military leader in Iraq . He leads the Hashd Al-Shaabi , a predominantly Shia paramilitary force doing much of the fighting in the critical battle to take Tikrit from ISIS extremists . Ousting ISIS from Tikrit is important for dozens of countries in the United States-led coalition trying to thwart the Islamist extremist group 's quest to grow its caliphate . Iran is n't a part of this coalition , but it is also working to defeat ISIS -- something that 's provoked both relief and alarm in Washington . Al-Amari is confident his men , with help from the Iraqi army and some Sunnis , can crush ISIS in Iraq without this coalition 's help . He 's sure because the Iranians are advising them . "  We do n't need it , and we wo n't need it , " he said . "  Anyone who puts their faith in the international coalition to liberate Iraq is putting their faith on a mirage . " Iran knows what it 's doing , in his view . "  Yes , we declare to the world , we have Iranian advisers , and we 're proud of them , and we thank them deeply for participating with us because Iran has more experience than anyone else on Earth in fighting terrorism . " Does it matter that Iran is advising militias fighting ISIS ? Does it matter which countries are taking part in the fight against ISIS -- including that one of them , Iran , is a longstanding U.S. foe ? When asked questions along those lines Wednesday in Washington , it seemed that even top U.S. military officials did n't have easy answers . The view is that defeating ISIS is good , while relying on and possibly strengthening Iran is not . In other words , Iran 's involvement in Iraq is a mixed blessing . To make sense of this all , one needs to understand not only the international landscape and Iraqi politics , but Islam itself . The religion 's two major sects are Sunni and Shia . In Iraq , Sunni Arabs comprise 15 % to 20 % of Iraq 's population , with about half of them in urban areas like Baghdad , Mosul and Tikrit , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . About 18 % of Iraq 's population is Sunni Kurds . That means the vast majority of Iraqis are Shiite Muslims . And it matters . During his decades-long rule , Saddam Hussein -- a Sunni whose hometown is Tikrit -- gave positions of power to Sunnis , and marginalized Shiites , experts say . Many Shiite families fled to Iran and the country gave them housing and jobs and schooled their children . That imbued Iraqi Shiites who have returned home with a fierce allegiance to Iran . Shias have led Iraq since Hussein 's ouster , often alienating Sunnis in the process . This has fueled major sectarian rifts that peaked when Nuri al-Maliki was prime minister , leading to not only millions of disaffected citizens but a weaker central government and military that ISIS frequently overran in 2013 and 2014 . Haider al-Abadi took over as Prime Minister last year in part to address these deep divisions . Still , some Sunnis have n't seen the change they want : For instance , Sheikh Naim al-Gaoud in February called for direct U.S. arming of Sunni tribes like his or at least pressure to make Iraq 's government help them more in the fight for Anbar province . And Shiite militias sometimes have done more to hurt than help the cause of unity . The advocacy group Human Rights Watch has documented what it calls escalating "  abuses by militias allied with Iraqi security forces in Sunni areas , " pointing to instances in which residents have been forced from their homes , kidnapped and executed . Such treatment has happened in remote areas as well as the Iraqi capital , according to the group . "  Sunnis are a minority in Baghdad , but they 're the majority in our morgue , " an Iraqi Health Ministry doctor told Human Rights Watch last July . Just a few days ago , Iraq 's most powerful Shiite cleric Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani said people "  must always act with self-control , " according to the New York Times . Still , there 's hardly a guarantee such calls for restraint will be answered , especially amid the chaos of war . The fear is that mostly Shia militias , like the one led by al-Amari , will inflame the tinderbox of sectarian strife -- with Human Rights Watch warning of revenge attacks on Sunnis in Tikrit . Add to this equation the fact that ISIS is made up Sunni Muslims who consider Shias heretics and apostates , slaughtering them in large numbers . Civilians and troops alike have faced their wrath : The most glaring incident may have been last June , when the militant group overran an Iraqi military base once known as Camp Speicher -- which , notably , is near Tikrit -- and claimed to kill some 1,600 air force cadets , the vast majority of them Shias . Given these harsh realities , it 's not necessarily cut and dried what a Sunni citizen in Tikrit will think if either Shia militias or the Shia-led Iraqi military battle the Sunni group ISIS . "  Do I choose the Iraqi military  which is working with the U.S.-led coalition  or ISIS ? Do I choose leukemia or the plague ? ... Which groups do they dislike more ? " said Stephen Biddle , a strategy expert and the award-winning author of "  Military Power : Explaining Victory and Defeat in Modern Battle . " "  It 's not like the Sunnis love ISIS ; most do n't . But some think the Shiite government is a bigger threat than ISIS . " So what should the United States do ? Jessica Stern , a lecturer on terrorism at Harvard University who this month published , "  ISIS : The State of Terror , " says it 's imperative to address the sectarian divisions in Iraq and continue pushing for changes in its government . She notes that "  the anti-Sunni , Shia-promoting government of Maliki " was a big reason ISIS was able "  to take root " in Iraq . "  Many Sunnis feel under siege . ISIS is saying , ` We 're going to protect you . ISIS is presenting itself as a savior of Sunnis , " she said . But , as Biddle points out , reform in a bureaucracy comes slow . There 's been talk for years about healing Iraq 's sectarian divide . What 's to say talk will translate into action anytime soon ? Biddle thinks the U.S. should consider sweetening the carrots offered to the Iraqis as incentives -- and start carrying bigger sticks -- to spur it to get its act together . The biggest stick would be pulling out of the fight against ISIS . "  Right now we seem to be limping along with whatever they do , " he said . "  We 're not offering them many goodies to do what we want and not making them feel like they 're going to suffer much either if they do n't do what we want . " Enter Iran . It 's part of this quandary because it shares a border with Iraq , has its own interest in fending off ISIS , and is predominantly Shia . It 's also a staunch foe of the United States , which its leaders have cast as the "  Great Satan . " That lack of love is mutual , with Washington leading a years-long standoff with Tehran over its nuclear program .  There are ongoing talks aimed at resolving that impasse , but critically no deal yet . Yet ISIS is likewise America 's enemy , with President Barack Obama saying that the goal is to "  degrade and ultimately destroy " that group . It 's not in Iran 's interest to have Iraq devolve into a sectarian war , says retired U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Rick Francona , a CNN military analyst . "  The Iranians are smart enough to know that 's a possibility , so they would be telling the Shia-led militias not to make this a Sunni v. Shia fight , " Francona said . But what should the United States think about Iran 's efforts to defeat ISIS by backing Shia-led militias ? Speaking at a congressional hearing Wednesday about the White House 's request for use of force to fight ISIS , the chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff opined that Iran 's involvement in helping Iraqi forces is a good thing . "  Anything anyone does to counter ISIS is in the main a good outcome , " Gen. Martin Dempsey said . Defense Secretary Ashton Carter suggested that the matter was more nuanced . The U.S. is worried about Iran 's role , he said . "  It is something that is concerning to us , " he said of Iran 's role , "  in particular because the sectarian danger in Iraq is the principal thing that can unravel the campaign against ISIS . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Shia militia leader in Iraq says Iran knows what it 's doing ; coalition help not needed A top U.S. military leader says anything or anyone who fights ISIS is welcome Yet the defense secretary says the United States is concerned about Iran 's involvement
CNN  -- An American human rights group documenting widespread sexual violence against Darfuri women in Sudan and Chad has called for "  vigorous prosecution of rape as a war crime . " Sudanese women in a refugee camp in southern Chad in March . Physicians for Human Rights , based in Cambridge , Massachusetts , issued a report Sunday "  documenting the scope and long-term impact of rape and other sexual violence " experienced by women who fled the war-torn Sudanese region of Darfur and now live as refugees in neighboring Chad . The report -- titled "  Nowhere To Turn : Failure To Protect , Support and Assure Justice for Darfuri Women " -- is based on interviews with 88 female refugees living in Chad 's Farchana refugee camp . The study was done with the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative . "  Many Darfuri women refugees live in a nightmare of memories of past trauma compounded by the constant threat of sexual violence around the camps now , " said Susannah Sirkin , the physician group 's deputy director . "  Women who report being raped are stigmatized , and remain trapped in places of perpetual insecurity . There 's no one to stop the rapes , no one to turn to for justice for past or ongoing crimes , and little psycho-social support to address their prolonged and unimaginable traumas . " Dr. Sondra Crosby , a Physicians for Human Rights consultant and expert in refugee trauma , said "  the atmosphere of intimidation was palpable as we listened to women describing their profound suffering and fear , and their yearning to return safely and with dignity to their former lives . " Of those refugees interviewed , "  32 reported instances of confirmed or highly probable rape " -- 17 in Darfur and 15 in Chad , the group said . "  Among the instances of rape reported in Chad , the vast majority  10 of 11 confirmed reports  occurred when women left the camps to gather firewood . " And just over half of the 88 women interviewed -- 46 of them -- live in fear of sexual assaults around the refugee camp . The group supports the issuing of International Criminal Court warrants against the Sudanese perpetrators . The group also called for "  legal reforms in Chad to end impunity for sexual violence , " and for "  effective psychosocial support to survivors . " And it said increased protections are needed by police and peacekeepers , including "  effective firewood patrols . " The conflict in Darfur began in 2003 after rebels in the western region of Sudan began attacking government positions . Sudan 's government responded with a fierce military campaign that has led to some 200,000 deaths and forced 2 million people to flee their homes , according to the United Nations .	88 Darfuri women interviewed in Chad described "  profound " suffering and fear Expert in refugee trauma says "  the atmosphere of intimidation was palpable " 200,000 people have died , 2 million have fled the region since fighting began in 2003
CNN  -- Police in Boulder , Colorado , have told the father of JonBenet Ramsey that they are back on the case . Former D.A. Mary Lacy cleared the Ramsey family from an "  umbrella of suspicion " last year . The Boulder Police Department is again the lead agency looking into the 1996 slaying of the 6-year-old beauty pageant contestant , a Ramsey family attorney told CNN . The move comes less than a month after a new district attorney in Boulder County said he would decide whether the unsolved case should go back to the Police Department . The district attorney 's office has had responsibility for the investigation since 2002 , and new District Attorney Stan Garnett said in January he planned to take a fresh look at the case . Watch Garrett hand the case over " Lin Wood , attorney for JonBenet 's father , John Ramsey , said Monday that Boulder Police Chief Mark Beckner sent a letter to Ramsey as a courtesy to let him know the case was back with the Police Department . Beckner also said that a multiagency task force including some of the region 's most experienced investigators would be created to advise police , Wood said . Boulder police are holding a news conference later Monday . Although the Ramsey case has not generated news since last year , tips and information regularly come in to authorities . Whoever is handling the investigation is charged with checking them out and deciding whether they are worth pursuing , Garnett said . The case is one of the nation 's most famous unsolved murders . On December 26 , 1996 , John Ramsey discovered JonBenet 's body in the basement of the family 's Boulder home . The girl had been strangled and beaten . A ransom note was found on the stairs of the home , demanding $ 118,000 . Early in the case , Boulder police said John and his wife , Patsy Ramsey , were under "  an umbrella of suspicion " in her death . But they were never formally named as suspects , and a grand jury refused to indict them . Patsy Ramsey died in 2006 after a lengthy battle with ovarian cancer . In July , Garnett 's predecessor , Mary Lacy , issued a public apology for the suspicion surrounding the Ramsey family after a test performed using new technology showed that DNA found on JonBenet 's underwear and under her fingernails belonged to an unidentified man . The test results , Lacy said , were "  powerful evidence " that allows investigators to think the Ramsey family were victims , not suspects . That same third-party DNA exonerated John Mark Karr , a one-time teacher , after he was arrested in Thailand and brought to Colorado . Authorities said Karr told a University of Colorado professor in e-mails that he was involved in JonBenet 's death . He told reporters after his arrest that he was with the child when she died , although he called her death an accident and said he loved her . Lacy was widely criticized , including by then-Gov . Bill Owens , for the handling of Karr 's arrest . Boulder police also have long faced criticism over their handling of the investigation . Watch CNN 's Nancy Grace on the story " But , Garnett said recently , "  I 've been very impressed by the Boulder P.D. . They are a fine department now and have handled a number of cases very well . ... They 've done a very nice job . " The department has 24 investigators , four times as many as the DA 's staff , he added . Garnett was elected prosecutor in November to replace Lacy , who could not run again because of term limits . Before he was elected , he was a trial lawyer for 22 years , according to the district attorney 's Web site .	JonBenet Ramsey case goes back to Boulder police Prosecutor says agency is better able to follow up on tips Case was taken from Boulder police in 2002 Last year , prosecutors exonerated JonBenet 's mother , father and brother
CNN  -- It 's a warning which will reverberate around the Formula One paddock with more gusto than the sport 's much derided V6 engine . Nico Rosberg , says the sport 's dominant team "  definitely has n't peaked yet despite Mercedes having won all four of the season 's opening races . "  At the beginning of the season we had the car we developed in the winter and now we 're going to keep on pushing , " championship leader Rosberg told CNN 's The Circuit . "  It has been three weeks since the last race and the development rate is so fast . We have 600 people back in the factory working crazy hours to make this car faster in every single race . "  For example , from the start of the season to the end of the season , you can have a car that is 1.5 seconds quicker by the end just with new parts on the car . "  It 's a good period for the team at the moment . We really have the momentum , a quick car , the best car in F1 -- the Silver Arrow . " The Mercedes car 's next outing is at Sunday 's Spanish Grand Prix , providing Rosberg and teammate Lewis Hamilton , who already has three race victories to his name this season , the opportunity to make another giant statement of intent . Hamilton and Rosberg have finished first and second respectively in each of the past three races , but the German is hoping he wo n't have to play second fiddle to the 2008 world champion for a fourth consecutive race . "  At the moment , it has been all about the battle against my teammate but of course , we 're all conscious that the other teams are flat out pushing trying to close the gap and we need to keep doing a good job to stay ahead , " added Rosberg . "  I 'm just looking forward to the next race and getting the most out of it . It 's a tough battle with my teammate at the moment and I need to try and come out on top in Barcelona . " While Mercedes has enjoyed a stellar start to the 2014 season , there is no sense of complacency , with Ferrari , Red Bull and Lotus all striving to produce improved performances in Catalonia to prevent the drivers ' title becoming a two-man race . "  The first European round of the year always provides a prime opportunity for teams to arrive with improvements to their cars , " Mercedes executive director Toto Wolff told the F1 website . "  Of course , we are no different to any other team in that respect and our aim must be to increase the advantage we enjoyed at the last race in China . "  We have seen already that our rivals are relentless in their efforts to close the gap . As a team , it is up to us to rise to that challenge -- to take that relentless mentality to an even greater extent than those around us . "  If we are to build a sustained level of success in this sport , any small advantage must be seen as a platform upon which to build a bigger advantage . "  We head to Barcelona on good form and in high spirits . But , most importantly , we approach the next race weekend as we approached the first -- in the knowledge that there is still a long season ahead and anything can happen . "	Nico Rosberg warns rivals Mercedes have not peaked yet Mercedes have won all four Grands Prix so far this season Rosberg leads drivers ' title race Spanish Grand Prix takes place in Barcelona this weekend
CNN  -- A Michigan man and woman convicted of trying to extort $ 680,000 from "  Glee " actor John Stamos by threatening to sell compromising photos were each sentenced to four years in prison Friday . U.S. District Judge R. Allan Edgar in Marquette said the photos never existed , according to a federal prosecutor . Scott Edward Sippola , 31 , and Allison Lenore Coss , 24 , could have faced up to nine years in prison for convictions of conspiracy and interstate communications to extort money . Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul Lochner said a statement from Stamos was read in court . In it , Stamos said he had been slandered and his reputation impugned . Lochner said the judge ascertained that the conspiracy was n't just a "  foolish lark . " In a presentence filing , Sippola admitted his conduct "  was awful . " "  I sought to exploit my knowledge of the personal weaknesses of a perfect stranger for my own undeserved financial gain , " Sippola wrote . "  The case was made by the fact that these defendants made threats to damage his -LSB- Stamos ' -RSB- reputation in order to have him pay them , " Assistant U.S. Attorney Maarten Vermaat said after the July verdict in Marquette , Michigan . According to CNN affiliate WLUC , prosecutors said that Coss and Sippola told Stamos that if he did n't give them the money , they would sell embarrassing pictures of him allegedly using drugs to tabloid publications . Vermaat said the defendants sent about 40 e-mails to Stamos threatening to sell the photos . FBI agents got involved and started monitoring Stamos ' e-mail account and "  eventually communicated by cellular telephone with the defendants pretending to be Mr. Stamos ' business manager . " Sippola and Coss were arrested in December 2009 at an airport , a pre-arranged dropoff spot for the money . Defense attorney Sarah Henderson alleged at trial that Stamos had a fling with Coss when she was a 17-year-old vacationing on spring break in 2004 . Prosecutors said Stamos met Coss during a trip to Disney World in Orlando , Florida . They developed a friendship and the two communicated by e-mail occasionally until November 2009 , when the actor turned the photos matter over to the FBI . According to WLUC , Coss testified there were several photos depicting Stamos using cocaine . She claimed the actor seemed interested in buying the photos . The television actor , who also appeared in "  Full House " and "  ER , " testified that nothing inappropriate happened at a 2004 spring break party and , accordingly , he did n't believe compromising photos existed . Coss also filed a memorandum before sentencing , asking for a lighter sentence because she is a "  good person who acted out of character . " "  The defendant was misguided in her thinking that asking for money to prevent selling photographs was a legitimate business transaction , " the filing states . Calls by CNN to defense attorneys Friday were not immediately returned . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Federal judge sentences man , woman in extortion , conspiracy plot They were accused of threatening to sell compromising photos Actor John Stamos said he was slandered
CNN  -- A friend once said "  We women must learn to choose our battles . " Women in Saudi Arabia shape their agenda according to where they choose to take on their new challenges , what they prioritize , when they let go , and how they win . The self-evident statement that "  Saudi Arabia should integrate and empower women economically " defines my battle and that of many other women . Read more : Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them Economic empowerment offers a win-win scenario for Saudi Arabia and its women . It promotes gender equality and helps the country to diversify away from petroleum , a longstanding national goal . Rising numbers of well-educated women enlarge the national talent pool , allowing reduced dependence on expatriates  who comprise over half the workforce  . Instead women are still not seen as part of the solution . Since 2001 , the number of Saudi women seeking employment has risen faster than the number of jobs , resulting in a 28 percent female unemployment rate , nearly four times that of men , according to The Ministry of Labor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with Booz & Company analysis . Opinion : Small protests have big impact in Saudi Arabia Women 's economic empowerment also boosts household income . Studies demonstrate that women are more likely than men to use their resources to promote their children 's health and education . Economic growth alone is not enough . It needs to be geared instead towards inclusive growth of women . Saudi Arabia is prosperous , with GDP per capita of close to $ 23,000 in 2012 according to the IMF . However , Saudi Arabia ranked 123 out of 128 countries in Booz & Company 's Third Billion Index which measures women 's economic participation . In addition to economic growth , Saudi Arabia needs inclusive economic policies that promote long-term , targeted reforms that harness the potential of its aspiring women . Allowing women to drive , for example , is economic empowerment . Many Saudi women are likely to give up their jobs because they can not afford to hire drivers to get them to work . Read more : America , the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow Economic measures need to be accompanied by civic changes that make women more visible in leading positions and that allow them to engage in shaping the debate . The decision to appoint women to the Shura Council , the kingdom 's national consultative body , will have both these effects . Research shows that visibility is a key dimension of empowerment . It creates national role models and encourages younger women to advance in their careers . In Argentina , for example , women have made progress thanks to their national prominence . They hold high political office and are 39 percent of the parliament , compared to 6 per cent in 1990 . Visibility fosters economic integrationâ $ " Argentina 's women are now 40 percent of the workforce , according to the World Bank . The engagement of women in the policy debate is critical . Women 's issues can become more salient in Shura Council discussions . The council 's advisory role means it can offer proposals and programs to executive bodies that emphasize women 's education , employment and civil , legal and social status . The step forward of putting women on the Shura Council , and King Abdullah 's promise that women can vote in the 2015 municipal elections , raises the prospect of women holding ministerial posts  Currently , one woman is the deputy minister of education , unlike many other Arab Gulf countries where women now hold ministerial positions  . The struggle for economic empowerment is the right fight for Saudi women and for a country seeking to transform its economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mounira Jamjoom .	The number of Saudi women seeking employment has risen faster than the number of jobs The engagement of women in the policy debate is critical , Jamjoom writes She argues that economic measures need to be accompanied by civic changes
CNN  -- Two bodies have been found by investigators probing the disappearance of a Tennessee mother and her three daughters , with authorities pleading Saturday for help in finding their suspected abductor -- a man they described as likely "  armed and dangerous . " The FBI , in a press release Saturday , did not say whose bodies were discovered . But the federal agency did identify the man who they believe "  is responsible for their disappearance " as Adam Mayes , saying an arrest warrant has been issued for him . The husband of Jo Ann Bain , 31 , reported his wife and the three girls -- 14-year-old Adrienne Bain , 12-year-old Alexandra Bain and 8-year-old Kyliyah Bain -- missing on April 27 , according to the FBI . They were last seen in Whiteville , a town of about 4,600 people in western Tennessee . See pictures and descriptions of the girls and suspect here . Authorities "  initiated contact early in the investigation " with Mayes , who was "  considered a friend of the family , " but he fled , the FBI said . The 35-year-old white male -- who has blue eyes and brown hair , weighs about 175 pounds and stands 6 feet , 3 inches tall -- was last seen May 1 in Guntown , Mississippi . The two bodies tied to the case were found Friday at residences in Mississippi . The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert that day , though it was n't widely publicized until Saturday . In it , authorities warned that the three sisters "  may be in extreme danger " and that a kidnapping warrant had been issued for Mayes . He had recently cut his own hair and may have done the same to the three children , according to the Amber Alert "  Adam Mayes should be considered armed and dangerous , " the FBI said . The suspect , woman and children may have been en route to Arizona or Mississippi , according to the Amber Alert . Mayes has connections to Texas , North Carolina , South Carolina and Florida . The FBI and U.S. Marshals Service are offering a $ 50,000 reward for information leading to Mayes ' arrest and the missing woman and her daughters .	NEW : The bodies were found in Mississippi but have n't been identified , the FBI says NEW : The FBI says the alleged abductor "  should be considered armed and dangerous " 3 sisters and their mother were reported missing April 27 in Tennessee , authorities say Authorities issued an Amber Alert for the children and sought help in finding the suspect
CNN  -- A shooting at an LA Fitness gym outside Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , killed at least four people and wounded several others , a local official told CNN . Authorities at the scene of a shooting at an LA Fitness gym near Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . The shooter , whose identity was not immediately released , was among the fatalities , said Gary Vituccio , manager of Collier township . At least 10 shooting victims arrived at the three major hospitals in the area . A spokeswoman for Mercy Hospital confirmed five female shooting victims arrived at the facility with multiple gunshot wounds . Three were in serious condition , and two were listed as critical , she said . Allegheny General Hospital received two wounded patients at its trauma center , a spokesman said . Both of victims are women and were listed in fair condition , he said . A St. Clair Hospital spokesman said three shooting victims arrived there Tuesday night ; two were in stable condition and one patient , who was shot in the chest , died at about 8:55 p.m. . It was n't clear whether the death at St. Clair was included in the fatalities confirmed by Vituccio . Perry Calabro of nearby Bridgeville told CNN he was between racquetball games at the gym when he heard screaming and multiple gunshots . He said he ran out and did n't see the gunman or others . Other witnesses told CNN affiliate WTAE that the lights went out before they saw flashes in dark -- what they later realized was gunfire . Witnesses told WTAE that a man unrecognized by the gym 's staff shot people in a Latin dance class . A witness identified as Nicole told WTAE that about 30 women were in the class when "  a middle-aged white male walked into the class . He had a big gym bag . " "  He looked out of place in a class full of women , " according to the witness , who told WTAE the man put down the bag , turned off the lights and opened fire .	Shooting at LA Fitness gym leaves as many as 10 others hurt Shooter reportedly among those who are dead Witness says shooter targeted Latin dance class Gym is in Collier Township , Pennsylvania
RIYADH , Saudi Arabia  CNN -- Relations between Arab nations and the United States hinge on American leaders living up to their rhetoric about commitment to lasting peace in the Mideast , Saudi Prince Turki al-Faisal told CNN Saturday . Saudi Prince Turki al-Faisal talks with CNN 's Nic Robertson about U.S. relations with Arab nations . "  President Obama , in his statement yesterday , said that he 's genuinely making the effort to accomplish a peaceful resolution , " al-Faisal , who served as Saudi ambassador to the United States from 2005 to 2007 , told CNN 's Nic Robertson in an interview Friday . "  We 've heard this before , " al-Faisal said . "  We need to see implementation . We need to see facts on the ground change . We need to see rhetoric change . We need to see presence on the ground . " He said he was encouraged by Obama 's appointment of George Mitchell as Mideast envoy , saying , "  Mitchell comes with a track record of success . " But he suggested Mitchell spend some time in the region to make real progress . "  American envoys , when they 've dealt with the Middle East , have always come and gone , " he said . "  I think it would be wise for Sen. Mitchell ... to pitch his tent in Ramallah or in Jerusalem , let 's say , and spend a year , two , perhaps three years on the ground dealing with the daily aspects of making peace there . " Watch as al-Faisal talks about how the U.S. and the Mideast could build trust " The United States ' backing of Israel , in light of the latest Israeli military operations in Gaza , does not improve its standing in the Arab world , he said . "  What happened in Gaza , people have called it a tragedy , " al-Faisal said . "  I 'd go further and say it was a catastrophe in all aspects of that word . The killing and the destruction was so barbaric by Israel , and unprecedented in a such a small area like Gaza . They -LSB- Israelis -RSB- claim that they were very careful about collateral damage and they targeted only Hamas , as they call them , militants and operatives . Well , look at the figures . "  More than 400 children killed out of 1,300 -LSB- total deaths -RSB- . That does n't show any precision of targeting . Israel claims that these are mishaps of war . If they are mishaps of war , well , why should you have a war ? "  I think this is one of the issues that makes the relationship between the Arab world in general and Saudi Arabia in particular threatened when it comes to dealing with the United States , " al-Faisal said . " ... And President Bush , I think callously and unforgivably , gave Israel a green light to do everything that they wanted to do in Gaza without restraint . " U.S. and Israeli officials should recognize that operations like the recent one only serve to strengthen Hamas , as "  Israel is a radioactive element in the area . Anyone it touches becomes heroic and legitimate ... because he or she is a victim . " Al-Faisal said he believes the United States and Israel should negotiate with Hamas . Reminded that the two nations consider Hamas a terrorist organization , he said , "  I think this is another of the things that has to be reviewed by President Obama . " He believes that negotiations with Hamas should not undermine the Palestinian Authority , saying the authority 's President Mahmoud Abbas "  in my view , is the most tailor-made Palestinian leader for making peace and bringing stability and security to the Palestinian people . " Israel 's operation in Gaza came after what it said was a barrage of rockets fired by Hamas militants into southern Israel . Asked how to stop the rockets , al-Faisal said he thinks the key is to bring Hamas into the political fold . "  Put it the other way , " he said . "  How can we convince Israel itself not to provoke Hamas into firing rockets ? " Israel claims that Hamas fired first , and al-Faisal said these claims underscore the importance of having someone on the ground like Mitchell . "  To see who is telling the truth in a case like that is needed , and a necessity today , more than at any other time , " he said . The United States has called for nations like Saudi Arabia to accept Israel and normalize relations with the nation , he said , but Israel must make the first move . "  Israel has to normalize relations with Palestine before Saudi Arabia will normalize relations with Israel . Everybody asks us to recognize Israel and to normalize ... nobody asks Israel to recognize Palestine and normalize relations with Palestine . I think that 's unfair . " Arab nations stand ready to make peace with Israel , he said , but Israel has not demonstrated an equal willingness . "  That 's the pity of it . " He said Obama should ask Israel to accept the Arab peace plan . "  And when the Israelis accept the Arab peace plan , the Arab world has already set up a mechanism to deal with that issue . They 've chosen Egypt and Jordan to sit down with the Israelis and deal with the Arab peace initiative . " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN the nation does not publicly discuss contacts with Arab nations with which it has no official diplomatic relations . Israel welcomed the Saudi peace initiative , he said , and is willing to negotiate with all Arab countries , including the Palestinians . Asked about his confidence in Obama , al-Faisal said , "  I 'll have confidence when I see things done on the ground , and President Obama can do something and gain the confidence and support of the Arab and Muslim nations by showing that he has done things on the ground and not simply expressed a wish for that . " If not , he said the Arab world 's relationship with the United States is at stake . "  Popular sentiment , already America is at its lowest level in the history of its engagement with the Arab and Muslim world , " he said . "  In terms of government relations , that is something that will have to be decided by the leaderships in the Arab world and America , but it 's not a pretty picture . "	Saudi Prince Turki al-Faisal says U.S.-Arab relations hinge on U.S. role in peace Says U.S. lost Arab support by backing Israel in Gaza "  catastrophe " "  Israel is radioactive in region ... Anyone it touches becomes heroic , legitimate " Al-Faisal believes U.S. and Israel should negotiate with Hamas
CNN  -- Two days after staging the biggest club game on the planet , Wembley Stadium hosted the richest match in world football - with Crystal Palace taking spoils worth $ 180 million as they gained promotion to the English Premier League . Less than 48 hours after Bayern Munich beat Borussia Dortmund 2-1 to lift the European Champions League , Crystal Palace beat Watford 1-0 after extra-time to earn promotion from the Championship , the division immediately below the Premier League . The winning goal in front of a packed crowd containing honorary Watford chairman Elton John and outgoing Real Madrid boss Jose Mourinho came from Kevin Phillips , whose professional career started at Watford and who had lost his three previous playoff finals . He was given the chance after 105 minutes from the penalty spot and despite the intense pressure of securing riches galore for his club on a sweltering day at Wembley , a man who turns 40 in July was coolness personified as he fired high into the net . The kick was effectively worth $ 180 million - with half of that coming from television revenue and another $ 90m from the parachute payments that go to any team that drops out of the Premier League . With the team that finishes bottom of the Premier League earning a minimum of $ 1.1 m in addition to the extra revenue brought in from gate receipts , Palace 's owners can plan for the future with real optimism even if the club is relegated after just one season in the top flight . The club hierarchy had craved promotion so that funds could be used to redevelop their Selhurst Park stadium . "  We are in the Premier League - so God help us , " laughed winning coach Ian Holloway . "  It is absolutely massive to be back in the Premier League . They have plans to do up the ground and I am so happy for everyone connected with the club . " Relegation has befallen Palace every time they have gained promotion to the Premier League , while only nine of the 21 playoff winners have managed to stay in the division the following season , so Holloway is likely to have a busy summer trying to improve his squad . He already knows that he must do without winger Wilfried Zaha , who was the outstanding player on the pitch and whose trickery was finally rewarded when he won the penalty at the end of the first period of extra-time . Zaha , the 20-year-old who earned his first England call-up last November , agreed to join English champions Manchester United in January , so becoming the last signing of outgoing manager Alex Ferguson . He was bought for $ 24 million and instantly loaned back to the club whose academy he joined at the age of 10 , six years after moving to London from his native Ivory Coast . "  I 'm speechless - this is a dream come true , " Zaha told Sky Sports television after the game . "  This is all I wanted , leaving Palace knowing they are in the Premier League . I just told myself to give it all I can - 100 % , 200 % . "  I 've been at the club so long . All I want to do is help out the team , I 'm so glad we made it to the Premier League . " Monday 's success caps a remarkable turnaround for Palace . Three years ago , fans were fearing for their favorites ' future as they protested outside a bank as a club founded in 1905 was threatened with extinction . Docked 10 points by the Football League for going into administration , Palace not only escaped liquidation but also managed to avoid relegation to the third tier of English football on the last day of the 2009-2010 season . Palace fans would have been nervous again in the last minute of extra-time as Watford 's Fernando Forestieri curled an effort towards the far corner only for Joel Ward to clear off the line . The club joins Cardiff and Hull in winning promotion to the Premier League from the Championship , with Queens Park Rangers , Reading and Wigan Athletic heading in the opposite direction . Gianfranco Zola 's Watford , who were seeking a return to the top flight for the first time in six years , ultimately paid the price for slipping up on the final day of the season , losing at home to Leeds United when victory would have earned promotion . The club has been criticized this season for bringing in a number of players on loan from sister clubs Udinese  Italy  and Granada  Spain  , which are also owned by the Pozzo family . Despite the last 10 competitive meetings between Watford and Palace producing 38 goals , Monday 's game at Wembley ended goalless after 90 minutes - as the massive expectation seemed to weigh upon both team 's players . Nonetheless , all associated with Crystal Palace can now look forward to Wednesday 19 June with great excitement as that is when the 2013-14 Premier League fixtures are set to be released .	Crystal Palace beat Watford 1-0 after extra-time to earn promotion to the Premier League Kevin Phillips scores from the penalty spot to atone for three previous playoff failures Palace will be $ 180 million richer even if they survive just one season in the Premier League
CNN  -- Weapons , creepy critters and bodily fluids are timeless sources of inspiration for children 's toys . But perhaps no franchise capitalized on all those themes better than "  Garbage Pail Kids , " the gross-out trading cards of the 1980s that parodied Cabbage Patch Kids . To many from that generation , they were the raddest cards your parents would n't let you have . Or , maybe you found ways to procure them on your own and became the coolest kid at the lunch table . Those kids are now adults , and the release of a book that compiles "  Garbage Pail Kids " art allows fans to stroll down a blood-soaked , snot-infested memory lane -- one littered with pudgy limbs and heads that bear a disturbing resemblance to the wholesome Cabbage Patch dolls . "  They fell into a genre that works really well for boys ,  one that  that capitalizes on the gross-out , icky , hysterical factor , " said Adrienne Appell , spokeswoman for the Toy Industry Association . "  This is how young boys play . That 's what they find funny and trading cards continue to be popular , affordable options . Kids love to collect , so combining several areas that appeal to kids makes a lot of sense for that specific audience . " Trading card company Topps launched the first set of "  Garbage Pail Kids " in 1985 as a follow-up to the grotesque creatures of Ugly Stickers and the product parody Wacky Packages , which recast products like Cap'n Crunch as "  Cap'n Crud . " That history was the "  amniotic fluid that the Garbage Pail Kids floated in " before their release , wrote cartoonist Art Spiegelman , part of the creative team that produced Wacky Packages . The series found quick success with sales at convenience stores and toy stores -- and sparked immediate outrage among parents who did n't see the joke in characters like Nervous Rex , a chain-smoking , nose-picking baby surrounded by cups of coffee and soda bottles , or Guillo Tina , a girl with her head in a guillotine . "  Garbage Pail Kids offered something that was not so benign and parent-friendly , " Spiegelman wrote in the book 's forward . "  Rather , it provoked : ` Oh my god , what is that ? Where did you get those ? Your allowance is cut off . And you 're grounded . ' The dolls were pricey and had to appeal to adults . The stickers were available for chump change and appealed to the inner beast in all kids . " Even the publisher that released Spiegelman 's Pulitzer Prize-winning graphic novel , "  Maus : A Survivor 's Tale , " in 1986 expressed relief that his name was n't attached to the images . " ` If this gets out , they 'll review your book and call it ` Garbage Pail Jews , ' " Spiegelman said his editor at Pantheon told him at the time . Somehow , the cards found their way into the homes of children and Topps released five series from 1985 to 1986 . "  The Garbage Pail Kids Movie " was released in 1987 to widespread criticism , with the movie rating website Rotten Tomatoes calling it a "  hastily-assembled live-action film " meant to capitalize on "  that childish joy in the disgusting . " Another version is reportedly in the works from Michael Eisner 's Tornante Company . Or , as Spiegelman put it : "  We were trying to help another generation of juvenile delinquents come of age , to offer them a counterculture . But not one that was counter to our American Way of Life -- we 're talking about the bubblegum counter . This was Topps , after all . " Topps asked various artists to contribute sketches of ideas , including Wacky Packages veteran and underground cartoonist John Pound . "  Art said to make the kids gross , nasty , disgusting and rebellious , and I saw that shock value was a huge part of the idea , " Pound told CNN . "  But as I worked on the sketches , I realized I also wanted the kids and artwork to feel good to look at . Topps had n't asked for that , but I needed it , so I would enjoy making the art , and so people would enjoy seeing the stickers . " Pound estimates he generated about half of the sketches for the first series , with others sketched out by Topps artists including Mark Newgarden . Pound started with a quick doodles , to see how to best pose the character and the action and then drew it full-size , filing in all the details . Once Topps OK 'd the image , he did a quick color study on another copy of the pencil art before painting in acrylics on paper , working from light colors to darker ones . "  Because I could only spend a few hours per painting , I came up with an organized process , that was like doing a jigsaw puzzle . First I painted the shapes for the flesh and hair . Then the clothes . Then the props . And then I airbrushed the background , " Pound said in an e-mail . For each series , Topps came up with the names after the paintings were done , though sometimes Pound wrote ideas for names in the margins around the paintings , he said . "  The name Garbage Pail Kids was easy to understand , as a parody of the famous Cabbage Patch Kids . The GPK jokes were lowbrow humor for kids , gross and rebellious , something most parents would n't like . And I believe the art was appealing , despite the subject matter , " he said . His favorites ? "  Today , I 'm liking Phony Lisa , with her mellow , old world glow . Maybe it 's because of her chubby hands and cheeks and smug smile , " he said . "  And Rappin ' Ron , because he looks so , well , presidential , and good-natured , for a Garbage Pail Kid . What kind of damage could he possibly do ? Because after all , he 's just a cute little doll , at the White House podium . " Who was your favorite character ? Tell us in the comments !	A new book compiles a complete series of "  Garbage Pail Kids " images The gross-out trading cards were popular in the 1980s Art Spiegelman and John Pound among artists who designed the images
Decatur , Georgia  CNN  -- A former Georgia sheriff 's deputy convicted of murder in the slaying of his wife and a day laborer in 2008 was sentenced Friday to two consecutive life sentences plus five years in prison . That means that Derrick Yancey , 51 , will have to serve at least 60 years before he is eligible for parole . He stared straight forward and showed no emotion as a Superior Court judge imposed the sentence for the murders of Linda Yancey , 44 , who was also a sheriff 's deputy , and Marcial Cax-Puluc , 23 , a day laborer from Guatemala . Referring to Linda Yancey , Judge Linda Hunter said , "  She was an officer , she was a wife , she was a mother , she was a daughter , she was a sister , she was a friend . Mr. Cax-Puluc , who had barely began to live his life , he died that day . It 's not lost on the court , and probably yourself , that today an officer has fallen because you were a law enforcement officer entrusted with so many responsibilities . " Hunter and the defendant , who both worked at the Dekalb County Courthouse , knew each other , prosecutors have said . Yancey was convicted earlier this month of two counts of murder and two counts of possession of a firearm during the commission of a crime . Cax-Puluc and Linda Yancey were shot multiple times in the Yanceys ' home in Stone Mountain . The defendant told police that he shot Cax-Puluc in self-defense after the day laborer had shot his wife . Prosecutors argued that Yancey was the lone gunman and that he hired Cax-Puluc as part of an elaborate plan to kill his wife . Speaking on behalf of his family , Linda Yancey 's brother , Eugene Thomas , addressed Derrick Yancey , a father of two , directly . "  You had just killed the mother of your two children . During the night , or during the hard times or dark days , who are they going to call on ? Can they call on their mother ? No . She 's there lying in her grave . That 's because of your actions , Derrick . " Relatives and friends of both sheriffs ' deputies packed the courtroom during the sentencing . The prosecutor said Cax-Puluc 's family was unable to attend . Two of the 12 jurors who convicted Yancey also attended the sentencing . One of them , Susan Rodgers , told reporters that Yancey 's call to 911 , testimony from a ballistics expert and the medical examiner helped convince the jury of the prosecution 's case . The jurors deliberated for about 22 hours before reaching a verdict .	Derrick Yancey showed no emotion as judge imposed the sentence The former sheriff 's deputy tried to pin his wife 's murder on a day laborer from Guatemala Yancey has to serve at least 60 years in prison
CNN  -- The beheadings of two American journalists and now a British aid worker have rightly prompted outrage around the world . Although ISIS only started to make international headlines this year , its rise has been years in the making . And it should not have taken anyone in the international community by surprise . For three years , the West did little more than pay lip service to the potential broader impact of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's brutal response to a peaceful civil revolt during the Arab Spring . His regime 's war on its own people resulted in the militarization of the conflict , which in turn took on a sectarian dimension . In Iraq , meanwhile , the West ignored the message of Iraqi elections and threw its full support behind Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , despite championing democracy . Yet in office , al-Maliki pursued exclusionary policies that left a large segment of Iraqi society feeling sidelined . It was this marginalization that provided ISIS , which now calls itself the Islamic State , an opportunity to exploit the Sunni desire for fairer representation . But as much as ISIS claims to be championing Sunnis , it does not in any way represent Islam . The Quran clearly and categorically condemns forced conversion to Islam . It also accepts other religions and prophets as messengers of God , especially those of the other monotheistic religions : Judaism and Christianity . What ISIS is doing -- including its targeting of Christians and Yazidis -- therefore has nothing to do with practices through the ages , from the Levant to Andalusia . Indeed , Arab Christians have been an integral part of Arab history -- the presence of Christians in this part of the world is not an aberration , and Christianity is as part of the history of this region as Islam . Sadly , ISIS has tried to hijack Islam and is often wrongly labeled a Sunni organization . This is unfortunate as the vast majority of Sunnis are moderates who should not be tarred with the same brush as the extremist group . In fact , Sunnis have largely been the main victims of ISIS atrocities . In Syria , for example , ISIS has often trained its fire on the moderate Free Syrian Army rather than the forces of the al-Assad regime . In Iraq , meanwhile , ISIS has alienated those Sunni tribes that have rejected its extremist practices , while also fighting  predominantly Sunni  Kurdish forces . So how should the West and the countries of the Middle East respond to the growing threat that ISIS poses ? The reality is that force alone will not be enough to uproot ISIS and banish the threat it poses to this region and to the rest of the world . Instead , militias such as ISIS -- typically based on rigid and outdated ideological beliefs -- require a multipronged approach . Yes , military confrontation is an important tool , as is boosting economic and social development in areas affected . But the war on ISIS ca n't be won unless a key reason for its emergence is not tackled : tyranny and a lack of justice . Tyranny is another face of extremism , and it therefore makes no sense to treat it as if it is a viable alternative to radical agendas . With that in mind , it is high time that world leaders not just claim to cherish democracy , freedom , justice and respect of human rights while merely condemning the acts of dictators . Empty words will do nothing to change their behavior . Instead , the West must offer genuine support for moderate , civil opposition in Syria and Iraq . The United States ' increased engagement in the region , as signaled by President Barack Obama 's speech last Wednesday , is welcome . And the proposed military element -- including airstrikes -- may be successful in containing the threat ISIS poses . But to truly eliminate the risk of its resurgence  or its replacement by some other extremist group  , the West has to be more engaged in finding lasting solutions to fundamental problems in the region . What are these problems ? Israel 's occupation of Arab lands is one . Another is the vindictive government policies that have left large segments of the Iraqi population frustrated , a problem that could in part be resolved by guaranteeing a true power sharing arrangement . Finally , the Geneva process needs to be restarted with a view to forming a transitional government with a mandate for moving toward democratic rule in Syria . Unfortunately , some in the West have suggested that keeping al-Assad might even be desirable , believing he is the lesser of two evils . This is not only preposterous , but also immoral and completely ignores the Syrian conflict 's role in ISIS 's emergence in the first place . Indeed , my country has firsthand experience of having to confront extremism stoked by al-Assad 's regime -- back in 2007 , when I was Prime Minister , we discovered an extremist group called Fatah al Islam appeared to have links to Syrian intelligence . Experience has shown us that dictatorships are not a sustainable guarantor of peace for minorities . Instead , only the emergence of a democratic and modern civil state , where all individuals are treated equally , regardless of regardless of religion or ethnic grouping , can bring lasting peace and stability . And the West should see in this struggle not only a moral duty to act but also its own long-term interests . Ending the Israeli occupation through the principles of a two-state solution while backing the forces of moderation in the Arab world would undermine the appeal of extremists and pave the way for democratic states that foster stability . Diversity and pluralism in nations such as Iraq and Syria can be seen as either a challenge or as presenting an opportunity . But one thing should by now be clear to all religious and sectarian actors in the Levant : one group can not force its lifestyle , opinions or policies onto the other groups . Democracy should not be used as an excuse to marginalize a minority . For years , Lebanon was successful in following a principle espoused by President Obama -- "  the principle of no victor and no vanquished . " He is absolutely right , and governments and others in this region should listen . But if the United States wants to see real change , then it will have to empower those moderate forces that are trying to put these fine words into action .	Former Lebanese Prime Minster Fouad Siniora says ISIS rise should not have been a surprise ISIS claims to be championing Sunnis but does not represent Islam , Siniora says Siniora : Force alone will not be enough to uproot ISIS
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel does n't like the word "  dominance " . That would appear strange given that 's exactly what he has created within the world of Formula One . At the age of 26 , Vettel has won four successive drivers ' titles and after claiming seven straight successive race victories last weekend , he can even afford to take his foot off the gas with two Grands Prix of the season remaining . Not that he will though . This is a man who lives to win -- even if he does n't like the term which goes with his era of success . "  I do n't like the word domination because it makes things sound easy , " Vettel told reporters . "  If we look back through every single individual race it was very , very hard work . "  We got great results to finish on the podium on days where possibly we should n't have . "  It 's a long season and you need to make sure that you get to your 100 % . "  You ca n't do that all the time but I think you can get very , very close . " Vettel 's win at last weekend 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix brought him level with fellow German Michael Schumacher 's record of seven successive race victories which was recorded back in 2004 . With two races left on the calendar , he can match Alberto Ascari 's record of nine in a row set in 1952-53 and Schumacher 's 2004 feat of 13 in one season . Such success would cap another phenomenal season for Vettel , who is hoping to improve on his 37 career wins by triumphing in the U.S. and Brazil . "  When I jump into the car , I 'm not thinking about what has happened before -- I 'm thinking about what is going to happen in the future , " he added . "  I 'm not completely aware of what I 've achieved over the past couple of years . I 'm happy not to be aware . "  I love racing and it has been my dream since I was a child -- was a dream to race in Formula One . "  To be this successful , of course I 'll take it and I 'm very proud . But every race is a new challenge , every year is a new challenge . I 'm not lacking in motivation because I know how hard it is deliver . " What is scary for Vettel 's rivals is that he has no desire to slow down any time soon . Schumacher , Juan Manuel Fangio and Alain Prost have all won four drivers ' titles but Vettel is the youngest to have reached such a milestone . Fangio was 45 when he took his fourth title , Prost was 38 and Schumacher was 32 -- and Vettel is already planning his next . He added : "  The next goal is the next race . I 'm not trying to look too far ahead or looking back . "  You should always look forward . We had many great moments , a special moment but I believe the biggest moment in my life is yet to come . "  It would be quite sad at the age of 26 to look back and that the greatest moment had happened and have nothing to look forward to . " Red Bull Team Principal Christian Horner says Vettel 's "  burning desire and great natural talent " separates him from his competitors . "  The hardest thing about being his Team Principal is slowing him down , " Horner told CNN after being asked about working with Vettel . "  He pushes himself very hard and is hard on himself , sometimes he needs to be less so . He has a burning desire in him and a great natural talent too . "  The qualities he has -- huge inner belief , determination , a fantastic natural feel for the car and beyond all that he 's a really , really nice guy . "  That 's why he 's so popular within the team . He wears his heart on his sleeve . "	Sebastian Vettel has won the Formula One title four years in succession Red Bull driver has triumphed in each of the past seven races German says he hates the word ` domination ' despite success Christian Horner pays tribute to his star driver
CNN  It 's something pioneer nurseryman Johnny Appleseed likely never imagined . The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Friday approved America 's first genetically modified apples . Their appeal : They do n't turn brown when bruised or sliced . "  This is really huge . It 's what we 've waited almost five years for with regulatory approval , " says Neal Carter , founder and president of Okanagan Specialty Fruits , the Canadian company that engineered the apples . "  Now we can get down to business planting trees and selling Arctic apples . We 're stoked . " The USDA 's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service granted its approval " ... based on a final plant pest risk assessment that finds the GE  genetically engineered  apples are unlikely to pose a plant pest risk to agriculture and other plants in the United States ... -LSB- and -RSB- deregulation is not likely to have a significant impact on the human environment . " The Food and Drug Administration is not required to approve genetically engineered crops for consumption . Most companies engage in a voluntary safety review process with the FDA , and Okanagan is doing that . Scientists working on genetically engineered plants and animals typically add -- rather than remove -- genes to formulate more desirable variations of their products . For example , a GMO salmon , engineered by AquaBounty Technologies , is mostly Atlantic salmon -- with a Pacific salmon gene added to make it grow faster , plus an added eel gene to make it grow year round . To create their Granny and Golden varieties , Okanagan turned off an enzyme that causes apples to turn brown . But what else did they turn off ? "  These are called ` nontarget effects , ' and I 'm comfortable and confident this has n't happened , " says Carter . "  We 've had them in the ground and have been watching them grow for 12 years , compiling data and statistics . The trees produce flowers and fruit of the same composition and analysis -LSB- as conventional apples -RSB- . " But not everyone is convinced . Mira and Jayson Calton , the husband-and-wife authors of "  Rich Food , Poor Food , " launched a Change.org petition two years ago to "  Say NO to GMO Apples . " "  We sounded the alarm back in 2013 and hoped people would understand what a slippery slope it is to have all of these foods that are genetically modified , " says Mira Calton . "  Obviously , we ca n't say without a doubt that GMOs are dangerous , but we can say that not enough human studies have been done . We do n't want to be the guinea pigs . " "  This particular food is very upsetting because we give it to our children , " says Mira Calton . "  It 's the symbol of health here in America . ` An apple a day keeps the doctor away . ' " What you might not realize is that some genetically modified foods are likely part of your diet already . In November , the USDA approved a genetically engineered potato , developed by the J.R. Simplot Company , which uses a similar technique to prevent browning . Still , most of the genetically modified foods we eat are processed , containing ingredients made from bioengineered corn or soybeans . The majority of GMOs have been modified to fend off insects or survive being sprayed down with weedkillers , but the benefits of these new apples are geared toward the consumer . Where Carter sees apples that do n't turn brown opening opportunities for more varied and prolonged use of the fruit , the Caltons see a conundrum . How will we be able to know when the apples have gone bad if they 're no longer turning brown ? We 've got some time to mull it over . "  It takes two years to build a nursery and another two years to get fruit , " says Carter . "  We 're saying 20 acres of trees in the ground this spring will produce a small amount of fruit by fall 2016 . " When that time comes , Carter does n't feel his company should be forced to use a GMO label . "  We 've spent time and money on five years of regulatory work to prove and to demonstrate our product is as safe as any other , " he says . "  Label it just like any other apple . We 'll have information at the point of sale , and we 're very transparent on our website . Let the consumer decide . "	The U.S. Department of Agriculture approves America 's first genetically modified apples Okanagan Specialty Fruits , a Canadian company , engineered the apples Authors of "  Rich Food , Poor Food " warn that genetic modification of food is a slippery slope
CNN  -- A former Harvard University student , who compiled world-class academic credentials by allegedly fabricating his own history and plagiarizing others ' work , pleaded not guilty to all the charges against him Tuesday , according to a Massachusetts prosecutor . At his arraignment in Woburn , Massachusetts , Adam Wheeler , 23 , entered his plea against the 20 counts he faces , including larceny , identity fraud , falsifying an endorsement or approval and pretending to hold a degree , according to Middlesex County District Attorney Gerry Leone . In a statement , Leone said Wheeler , of Delaware , is accused of falsifying transcripts that detailed an outstanding academic career at some of Massachusetts ' finest institutions . He was exposed after submitting applications and references for the Rhodes and Fulbright scholarships while a student at Harvard University in 2009 , according to Leone . A Harvard professor reviewing Wheeler 's application for one of the scholarships noticed similarities between Wheeler 's work and that of another professor . After comparing both pieces of work , the professor determined that Wheeler had plagiarized most of his application packet , Leone said . The university launched an internal investigation and began to look into Wheeler 's file . University officials discovered that Wheeler had fabricated recommendations from Harvard professors , college transcripts reflecting perfect grades and a résumé listing numerous books he had co-authored , lectures he had given and courses he had taught , according to the release . While he was at Harvard , Wheeler won the university 's Winthrop Sargent Prize in English and the Hoopes Prize for outstanding scholarly work , as well as a research grant , all with plagiarized submissions , Leone said . "  Not only was this defendant untruthful on his application to the University and his numerous scholarship applications , he is also alleged to have stolen over $ 45,000 in grants , scholarship and financial aid money awarded to him on applications and submissions of documents that were based on lies and reproductions of other people 's hard work , " Leone said . Officials also discovered that Wheeler also had submitted false SAT scores and had fabricated transcripts from both the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Phillips Academy in Andover , although he never attended either school , the prosecutor said . Harvard officials also found that Wheeler had previously attended Bowdoin College in Maine , where he was suspended due to academic dishonesty , according to Leone . In January , after leaving Harvard , Wheeler applied for an internship at McLean Hospital in Belmont , Massachusetts , "  stating that -LSB- he -RSB- was taking the spring semester off from Harvard to work on two scholarly books , " Leone said in the release . Wheeler was turned down by the hospital after a background check revealed he had falsified documents , Leone said . At the same time , Wheeler also submitted transfer applications to both Yale and Brown universities , claiming to be an intern at McLean Hospital , according to the prosecutor .	NEW : Ex-Harvard student pleads not guilty to 20 counts in fraud , plagiarism case Adam Wheeler , 23 , charged with larceny , pretending to hold a degree Wheeler won two Harvard prizes with plagiarized work , prosecutor says Wheeler accused of stealing more than $ 45,000 in grants , financial aid
CNN  -- People do n't typically pay attention to software agreements , but PlayStation owners may want to read a recent update to their digital contract . Last week Sony changed the terms-of-service document for its PlayStation Network , asking U.S. customers to forfeit their rights to file class-action lawsuits against the company and its partners . Customers can opt out by sending the company a letter in the mail . Sony 's PlayStation Network , which allows subscribers to play games and watch movies online , was down for weeks last spring following a security breach that exposed personal details of 77 million users . Users immediately began filing class-action lawsuits . Sony said this week that the new terms-of-service changes were made , as some analysts suspected , in response to a Supreme Court decision in April . In that case , AT&T Mobility was permitted to include and enforce a clause in employment contracts that bars workers from bringing class-action suits . "  The Supreme Court recently ruled in the AT&T case that language like this is enforceable , " a spokeswoman for Sony 's PlayStation unit wrote in an e-mail . "  The updated language in the TOS is designed to benefit both the consumer and the company by ensuring that there is adequate time and procedures to resolve disputes . " Like AT&T , Sony prefers to settle disputes outside of court through a process called arbitration . Arbiters are typically retired judges who fetch an hourly rate of $ 300 or more , a fee that 's generally split between the two parties on top of any costs for hiring lawyers , said Jack Lerner , a director at the University of Southern California 's Technology Law Clinic . That would deter anyone looking to correct unfair charges of a few dollars to an individual , which could amount to millions if the problem was widespread and settled as a class action in court , he said . Arbitration also does not involve a jury , which could include people more sympathetic to consumers than to corporations . The AT&T suit was first brought in 2006 by customers who complained of being charged $ 30 in state taxes for a cell phone that was advertised as free . The 5-4 Supreme Court vote came , ironically , on the same day in April that PlayStation customers began filing class-action lawsuits against Sony for losing their personal data to hackers . Sony added the new clause last week , apparently to protect itself against potential future widespread and costly blunders . Courts have n't been lenient in the past about enforcing software agreements , despite the reality that few people read them , Lerner said . This year 's court ruling in the AT&T case likely wo n't be overturned anytime soon , unless Congress intervenes with changes to the law , he said . "  That was an absolute travesty , " Lerner said . "  The implications for consumers  are  staggering . " Sony 's new user agreement describes how to opt out of the class-action waiver . Future class-action suits against Sony from PlayStation online account-holders would only include people who made the effort to send a written letter , lowering the ultimate costs to Sony . Including an option to dodge the waiver "  was a savvy move by Sony because they did n't necessarily have to do it , " Lerner said . The move should enable Sony to argue in court that it played fair , he said . Likely less than 1 % of PlayStation users , of whom there are more than 77 million worldwide , would go through the process of opting out , he estimated . PlayStation Network users were alerted of the class-action changes in e-mails and in a note near the top of the agreement . Gamers are unable to play online or watch Internet video from services like Netflix until they agree to the contract update on their consoles . It takes 45 seconds , using a game controller , to scroll to the part of the document that describes the legal waiver . It takes a minute and a half to scroll through the entire document , and certainly much longer to actually read it .	Sony changed its terms , asking PlayStation Network users to waive class-action rights The change was prompted by a Supreme Court decision , says a spokeswoman Customers began filing lawsuits against Sony in April after learning of a breach
CNN  When you were young , what did you dream of being "  when you grew up " ? Is it what you 've ended up doing ? You may dismiss those childhood aspirations as unrealistic now you 're an adult with responsibilities and bills to pay , but that role reflected what you enjoyed doing and who you were at that time . "  The dream jobs we aspire to as children are a window into our passions and talents , " says LinkedIn 's career expert Nicole Williams . "  Identifying and understanding those passions are key to improving our performance and enjoyment of the jobs we currently do , even if they are n't specific to the careers we dreamed of as kids . " So , what influences our childhood aspirations ? "  When we 're small most of us have a limited idea of what 's out there , " explains career coach Meredith Haberfeld . "  It is shaped by the exposure we have -- the people that have a big impact on us and the standards and social expectations around us " . Our families greatly influence our outlook on life . If we look up to one family member in particular , we tend to be drawn to their careers as we want to be like them . Indeed , when Meredith was a little girl , she wanted to be a librarian because her grandmother , who she admired , was one . And it 's not just our relatives ' roles at work that can influence children 's aspirations . The gender roles that our parents take on at home can also dramatically impact our childhood career choices . A study by Alyssa Croft , of the University of British Columbia , found that the division of labor at home had implications for how girls ' identities developed in gender roles . Croft told CNN that fathers ' behavior around the house seems to be "  predicting their daughter 's career aspirations " beyond what they "  might be publicly endorsing or specifically saying about gender roles . " She found that if fathers talked about supporting gender equality but did n't take on an equal role in domestic tasks then this sent conflicting signals to their daughters , which led to daughters placing more weight on their father 's actions , rather than his words . By contrast , where fathers demonstrated their beliefs in gender equality by taking on an equal distribution of domestic tasks then their daughters would select roles "  that are more gender neutral or even sort of male-stereotypic like being a scientist or athlete , " Croft says . And that could have a major impact on our pay check down the line . Research by the London School of Economics , published in the journal Social Forces , found that girls who aspired to traditionally female-dominated occupations were far more likely to earn lower wages in their first job , since stereotypically "  female " jobs tend to pay less . "  Stereotypically ` male ' or ` female ' preferences that children exhibit during childhood continue into , and affect , their adult lives , " says Lucinda Platt , Professor of Social Policy and Sociology at LSE . Our early experiences can also have a bearing on what we see as our "  dream job " -- a positive experience linked to a potential career can be hugely inspiring . "  I went through an intense marine biologist phase fueled by a life-changing snorkeling expedition when I was seven years old , " reveals Hayley Barna , co-founder and co-CEO of beauty start-up Birchbox . And inspiration can also strike at school , if we learn about a career that resonates with us . "  When I was in the 4th grade -LSB- aged 9-10 -RSB- I learned about lobbyists . I thought it would be amazing job to try and influence important issues , " says Joanne Bradford , head of partnerships at Pinterest . When we are young , our aspirations are a response to our circumstances ; but Haberfeld says that when the time comes to start "  designing " our careers we begin tuning in to what we feel "  compelled to express " about ourselves . Clara Shih , founder of Hearsay Social , started out with a long and varied list of possible careers -- she went through phases of wanting to be a teacher  like her mother  , a police officer , an astronaut and an attorney . "  Only in high school when I began programming computers , did I become interested in tech and start-ups , which led me to attend Stanford and major in Computer Science , " she says . While many of us turn our backs on our childhood ambitions when faced with the realities of life as a "  grown-up , " some really do end up in their dream jobs . A survey of the childhood career aspirations of more than 8,000 professionals from around the world , carried out for social networking site LinkedIn , found that 30.3 % of the site 's members were either currently in the job they had always dreamed of , or in a career linked to those plans . Creator and presenter of Digital Futures Shivvy Jervis is one of those living out her early dreams . "  Even as an eight-year-old , swinging ponytails et al , I would wave around my plastic mic and scrawl little ` scripts ' to deliver to a pretend audience ! " she says . "  When I was fifteen , I announced with assured clarity to my family that my ` dream job ' was to be a producer and TV journalist . " Sometimes our careers begin at such an early age that there 's little to think about . Four-time Paralympic champion Ellie Simmonds OBE started swimming when she was five ; by the time she was eight she was competing against able-bodied children . "  I 'm not sure I thought too much on what career I was interested in when I was a child , " she says . "  I always just wanted to have a farm and work with horses when I was very young , though the thought of working with children is something I 've thought about since . "  I 'm very fortunate that my swimming career took off when I was very young , so it was never really a question . " But no matter how early we step on to that treadmill , it 's never too late to change tack ; thinking back to our childhood ambitions can help us work out which aspects of our current job we love . After Hayley Barna 's marine biologist phase passed , she says , "  I never had a single career in mind . I always pictured myself being able to do many things at once : engineer , President of the United States , investment banker , professional skier , magazine editor ... "  I have n't checked the box on any of those specifically , -LSB- but -RSB- I feel lucky that my current role blends a lot of different disciplines . " When we were children , our aspirations were limitless and anything seemed possible ; by recapturing that excitement and allowing it to inform your research and networking , 2015 could be the year you find your dream job . Watch : Stella McCartney 's advice to young women Inspire : Leading Women 's most inspiring women of 2014	The jobs that we aspired to when we were children reflect our passions and talents , say experts LinkedIn 's childhood jobs survey reveals 30.3 % of people are either currently in that dream job or a related role Childhood aspirations are shaped by the people , standards and social expectations that surround us
Washington  CNN  -- The acting inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security is investigating the Secret Service prostitution scandal in Colombia , in addition to four congressional committees as well as internal reviews by the agency , the military and the White House . The top legislators on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee said Tuesday they sent a letter to Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan asking for information on the incident last month in Cartagena , Colombia , that has resulted in nine agents resigning or in the process of being forced out . Three other Secret Service agents were cleared of serious misconduct , and the military is investigating the alleged involvement of 12 service members . On Monday , the Homeland Security official announced his separate investigation of the incident , which embarrassed the government and raised questions of a possible security breach before President Barack Obama arrived for the Summit of the Americas . The "  field work is beginning immediately , " acting Inspector General Charles Edwards said in a statement . Meanwhile , Sullivan faced a pair of deadlines Tuesday to answer dozens of questions about the issue . House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Peter King , R-New York , submitted 50 questions to Sullivan , while House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa and Rep. Elijah Cummings , the panel 's ranking Democrat , have 10 questions they wanted answered , including a precise time line of exactly what happened in Cartagena . "  The incident in Cartagena is troubling because Secret Service agents and officers made a range of bad decisions , " said a letter from Issa , R-California , and Cummings of Maryland . The pair also sent a letter to Defense Secretary Leon Panetta requesting details of the military investigation by May 8 . In their correspondence to Panetta , Issa and Cummings said security personnel showed an "  alarming lack " of "  character " and "  judgment . " The Senate Judiciary Committee questioned Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano about the controversy at a hearing last week . On Tuesday , Sen. Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who chairs the Senate Homeland Security Committee , and ranking Republican Sen. Susan Collins said they sent Sullivan a letter Monday that also sought answers about what happened . "  We wish to determine whether those events were indicative of a pattern of behavior by agents or officers of the Secret Service , and need to be addressed systemically , or if they instead constituted an isolated incident warranting action only with respect to the individuals involved , " said the letter from Lieberman and Collins . The U.S. Southern Command expects to finish questioning the 12 military personnel implicated in possible wrongdoing this week before forwarding its findings to military lawyers for review , and then to Gen. Douglas Fraser , commanding general of the U.S. Southern Command , a Defense Department official said Monday . Last week , the Secret Service distributed new rules for its agents on assignment intended to prevent a repeat of such alleged misconduct , according to two government sources familiar with the resulting investigation . Called Enhanced Standards of Conduct , the new guidelines given to all Secret Service personnel make clear that standards of behavior required in the United States apply on missions abroad , the sources said . Effective immediately , the new standards require detailed briefings before each trip that will include safety precautions and any necessary designations of establishments and areas that are "  off limits " for Secret Service personnel , the sources said . Also in the new standards , foreigners are banned from Secret Service hotel rooms at all times , except for hotel staff and host nation law enforcement and government officials on official business , according to the officials , and all Secret Service personnel are prohibited from going to a "  nonreputable establishment . " The new standards specify that U.S. laws apply to Secret Service personnel when traveling , rendering invalid the excuse that specific activity is legal in the foreign country , the officials said . In addition , the new guidelines allow moderate alcohol consumption when off duty , but prohibit alcohol consumption within 10 hours of reporting for duty or at any time when at the hotel where the protected official is staying , the officials explained . An additional supervisor from the Office of Professional Responsibility will now accompany the "  jump teams " that bring vehicles for motorcades and other transportation , the officials said . Agents involved in the Colombia incident were part of such a jump team . Allegations of further transgressions by agents have emerged after the initial reports of heavy drinking and consorting with prostitutes last month before Obama arrived in Cartagena . Recent claims include an account from El Salvador described by CNN affiliate Seatte TV station KIRO as very similar to the Colombia scandal , involving members of the Secret Service and other government agencies . However , Panetta said last week that his department is not investigating any of its troops over the reported incident in El Salvador , while State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland said embassy staff in El Salvador were being questioned about the allegations The Drug Enforcement Administration also is prepared to look into , "  in an appropriate manner and immediately , " allegations that it deems "  credible " regarding its agents in El Salvador , agency spokesman Rusty Payne said . But he added that , while the DEA had seen news reports , "  we are unaware of any allegations of misconduct . " CNN 's Ed Payne , Ted Barrett , John King and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	The Homeland Security acting inspector general announces an investigation The Secret Service and U.S. military are already conducting their own reviews Twenty-four people are linked to the scandal : 12 from the Secret Service and 12 from the military The incident happened before a presidential trip to the Summit of the Americas in Colombia
CNN  -- On Wednesday , the United States Supreme Court heard arguments in my case challenging the discriminatory Defense of Marriage Act , widely known as DOMA . I was honored and humbled by the opportunity to have my case considered by our nation 's highest court . I have also been overwhelmed by the love and support I have received from people all across the country . To be honest , I never could have imagined that this day would come -- the day that I would be "  out " as an 83-year-old lesbian suing the federal government . My late wife , Thea Spyer , was , and is , the love of my life . Although we could n't live openly for much of our relationship , we became engaged in 1967 with a circular diamond brooch that symbolized the rings we were n't able to wear on our fingers . And we stayed engaged for the next 40 years , caring for each other , sharing all the joys and sorrows that came our way . Victory years after longtime partner 's death We lived through good times -- with jobs that we loved , great friends and a lot of dancing . But we also depended on each other for strength through the vicissitudes of aging and illness . In 1977 , Thea was diagnosed with progressive multiple sclerosis , which became debilitating over time . First , she had to use one cane , then two crutches , then a wheelchair . In Thea 's last years , she was quadriplegic . We were lucky that the MS never affected her brilliant mind or her cognition , and that she was able to continue seeing patients as a psychologist until the day that she died . In 2007 , we learned from Thea 's doctors that she had only one year to live . When we realized that we were running out of time , we decided to marry in Canada . That marriage was recognized in our home state of New York . We wanted to be married for the same reason most people want to marry : to publicly and legally express our love and commitment to one another . When our wedding announcement ran in The New York Times , we heard from hundreds of people from every stage of our lives -- playmates and schoolmates , colleagues , friends and relatives -- pouring out love and congratulations because we were married . That 's why marriage is different -- it 's a magic word recognized by everyone as a demonstration of commitment and love . When my beautiful Thea died two years later , I was overcome with grief . Over the next month , I was hospitalized with a heart attack , and , in the midst of my grief , I realized that the federal government would not recognize our marriage . DOMA restricts federal marriage benefits and state-to-state recognition of marriages only to unions between a man and a woman . Because of DOMA , I was required to pay $ 363,000 in federal estate taxes that I would not have had to pay had I been married to a man instead of Thea . This was not only painful , it was wrong . I knew that Thea would want me to stand up for our marriage -- and for so many other gay couples and their families who are harmed by this unjust law . I believe that all marriages should be treated equally by the federal government in accordance with the Constitution . We won our case in two lower courts , and have now made it all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States -- which is a monumental feat in itself . I know that Thea 's spirit was with us Wednesday at the oral argument . But our journey is not yet over . If , through my case , our story can help to ensure that the federal government treats all marriages equally , that will be the best possible final chapter in our love story . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edith Windsor .	Edith Windsor : I never thought I would be an 83-year-old "  out " lesbian suing the government She and Thea Spyer married in Canada , but DOMA means U.S. does n't recognize it Windsor : DOMA is painful and wrong and Thea would want me to stand up for our marriage She says marriage equality would be "  best possible final chapter in our love story "
CNN  -- Coastal Carolina University students returned to class Wednesday , a day after someone killed a student at a campus dormitory . Police still do not have a suspect or even a description of one , said Thom Berry , a spokesman for the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division . "  We continue to interview people , " he said . Anthony Darnell Liddell , 19 , of Bennettsville , South Carolina , died Tuesday in a shooting at the University Place residence hall . The school issued a statement Wednesday , mourning Liddell 's death . "  We will continue to do all that we can with all the resources necessary to make sure that our students are safe and secure . We only pray that an event like this never happens on our campus or any college campus again , " the school said . Counselors and ministers were at the school Wednesday for students , it said . More than 9,000 students attend Coastal Carolina , which is on 630 acres about 15 miles northwest of Myrtle Beach . Teen pleads guilty in Ohio school shooting CNN 's Michael Pearson and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	Police say they do n't yet have a suspect or a description of one Counselors and ministers are on hand as classes resume , school says Anthony Darnell Liddell , 19 , died Tuesday in the shooting at Coastal Carolina University
CNN  -- The beheading of American journalist James Foley by ISIS militants has stirred grim memories , bringing into focus once again the risks faced by reporters in modern conflicts . Foley 's death recalls the murder of Daniel Pearl , the Wall Street Journal correspondent who was kidnapped in Pakistan in 2002 . Both journalists were decapitated . Videos of their killings were then posted online by extremist groups . In Pearl 's case , it was al Qaeda . In Foley 's , it was ISIS , a splinter group disowned by al Qaeda earlier this year . ' I wish I had more time ' In the video posted Tuesday on YouTube , Foley is seen kneeling next to a man dressed in black . Foley reads a message , presumably scripted by his captors , that his "  real killer " is America . "  I wish I had more time . I wish I could have the hope for freedom to see my family once again , " he can be heard saying in the video , which CNN is not airing . He is then shown being beheaded . U.S. National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said that intelligence agencies are "  working as quickly as possible " to determine the video 's authenticity . "  If genuine , we are appalled by the brutal murder of an innocent American journalist and we express our deepest condolences to his family and friends , " she said . Shock waves from Pearl murder The 2002 murder of Pearl , only months after the September 11 attacks , provoked shock and revulsion around the world because of its brutality and the profession of its victim . "  What it demonstrates is that the business of reporting on war has changed fundamentally , " the veteran war correspondent Scott Anderson wrote in the New York Times Magazine following Pearl 's killing . "  The powers that be in a conflict zone no longer regard the media as a neutral observer but rather as a strategic component -- something to be manipulated or co-opted or simply got rid of , " Anderson wrote . But Pearl 's murder , and the worldwide attention it received , also "  catalyzed the resurgence " of the beheading of captives by Islamic militants , Timothy Furnish , a historian , wrote in a 2005 article for the Middle East Quarterly . During the Iraq War , militants decapitated three Americans -- the businessman Nicholas Berg and construction company employees Eugene Armstrong and Jack Hensley -- as well as numerous other foreigners and countless Iraqis . In Saudi Arabia , al Qaeda terrorists beheaded an American businessman , Paul Johnson Jr. , in 2004 . ISIS 's brutality Now , the focus is on ISIS , which has become notorious for its savage practices in Syria and Iraq , including putting victims ' severed heads on poles . The extremist group , which calls itself the Islamic State , has taken control of large areas of Syria and Iraq , bringing with it ruthless slaughter of civilians and persecution of minorities . It has carried out executions , including beheadings , as part of its effort to establish an Islamic caliphate that stretches from Syria into Iraq . In many cases , the group has videotaped the executions and posted them online . The ISIS threat in northern Iraq grew severe enough for the United States to step in with airstrikes to help Kurdish and Iraqi forces . That decision apparently prompted ISIS to retaliate with the brutal killing of Foley , who disappeared in northwest Syria in November 2012 . "  Our hearts go out to the family of journalist James Foley . We know the horror they are going through , " said Pearl 's mother , Ruth , according to a Twitter post Tuesday by the Daniel Pearl Foundation . Message to Obama ISIS has also threatened to kill another U.S. journalist , who appears in the video showing Foley 's death . The life of the other American -- believed to be Steven Sotloff , who was kidnapped at the Syria-Iraq border last year -- depends on what U.S. President Barack Obama does next , the militant in the video suggests . But CNN U.S. Security Analyst Bob Baer said he did n't expect the video would make the Obama administration change tack . "  I do n't think the White House is going to pull back on this , even though there probably will be more executions , as promised by ISIS , " said Baer , a former CIA operative . "  I think this was all foreseen when we started hitting targets in Iraq . " The Committee to Protect Journalists said it estimates that approximately 20 journalists , both local and international , are missing in Syria . Many of them are believed to be held by ISIS , it said . At least 69 other journalists have been killed covering the war in Syria , according to the committee . Among the missing is Austin Tice , an American freelance journalist who was contributing articles to The Washington Post . Tice disappeared in Syria in August 2012 . There has been no word of from him since his abduction . Some foreign journalists held captive in Syria have been released . Would you watch the video ? ` Shock value ' But ISIS 's decision to behead Foley and publicize it online is an ominous development . "  The purpose of terrorism is to strike fear into the hearts of opponents in order to win political concession , " Furnish wrote in his 2005 article on beheadings by Islamic militants . "  As the shock value wears off and the Western world becomes immunized to any particular tactic , terrorists develop new ones in order to maximize shock and the press reaction upon which they thrive . " Analysts have suggested that terrorists have used beheading previously because of its horrifying effect on the public . Their acts have fueled debate about the significance of beheading in Islamic history and theology . A Slate article on the subject in 2009 said that two apparent references to decapitation in the Quran "  are traditionally understood as inspirations to ferocity and not literal calls for beheading . " The article also points out that decapitation has Western roots , too . It was used for capital punishment in France , Britain and other European countries . It was also allowed in Utah in the 19th century . But it no longer exists as a punishment in the West . In the Middle East , beheading as an execution option remains part of the criminal legal codes in Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Iran and Qatar . But only Saudi Arabia continues the practice . But Foley 's savage killing at the hands of ISIS did n't come after a trial by law . "  James was an innocent civilian who was bravely performing his job as a journalist , " said Sen. Kelly Ayotte , a Republican from New Hampshire , the state where Foley grew up . "  This barbaric and heinous act shocks the conscience and highlights the truly evil nature of the terrorists we confront . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	About 20 journalists are missing in Syria , many believed held by ISIS , the CPJ says The brutal killing of James Foley recalls the murders of Daniel Pearl and others ISIS links Foley 's killing to U.S. airstrikes in Iraq and threatens another American captive "  I do n't think the White House is going to pull back on this , " a CNN security analyst says
One of the nation 's foremost experts on keeping clients off death row is joining Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's defense team . Judy Clarke , a San Diego lawyer , has successfully fought for the lives of Ted Kaczynski , aka the Unabomber ; Jared Loughner , the gunman who killed a judge and wounded U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords ; and other high-profile defendants . In many of Clarke 's cases , a life sentence is a victory . She has made a specialty of defending people accused of the worst crimes imaginable . There 's nothing flashy about Clarke , nothing to announce "  here 's the high-profile criminal attorney " as she arrives in court to defend clients the rest of society loathes . She is , perhaps , the best defense lawyer you 've never heard of . A longtime colleague calls her lack of ego "  almost freakish . " Public defenders are the embodiment of a criminal justice system that believes everyone is innocent until proved guilty , that even people accused of horrific crimes deserve someone to stand up for them and find their humanity . Many of Clarke 's colleagues believe she is the perfect lawyer for the job . David I. Bruck , a law school classmate and occasional legal colleague , spoke with CNN in January 2011 , when she was appointed to defend Loughner . "  Judy is as genuine as a person can be , " Bruck said . "  She explodes every myth about lawyers . She is motivated by a passion to stick up for the little guy , and there is nobody littler than a defendant accused of a horrendous crime who everybody wants to string up . " Federal prosecutors have not decided whether to seek the death penalty against Tsarnaev . But few legal observers will be surprised if they do . Nor would they be surprised if the defense raises issues about Tsarnaev 's mental state . "  I 'm glad she 's on the case . She 's a great lawyer , " said Quin Denvir , a former federal public defender from Sacramento , California . Denvir recruited Clarke to help him with the Kaczynski case . "  She 's a walking encyclopedia , she knows the law , and she has great empathy for the client , " he said . "  She does it all . " Laurie Levenson , a professor at Loyola Law School and a former federal prosecutor , said of Clarke , "  She is familiar with the federal death penalty , insanity defenses , high-profile cases , and difficult clients . " Clarke has no taste for designer clothes , sound bites or talking heads . In fact , she has absolutely no use for the media . As a public defender , she did n't need publicity to hustle up paying clients . She was on a government salary , and there was no shortage of poor defendants . For much of her 30-year career , Clarke ran the federal public defender offices in San Diego and in Spokane , Washington . In the mid-1990s , she became the first federal public defender to head the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers . Now , even though she is in private practice , other public defenders seek her help on the tough cases . And so Clarke prefers to do her talking to judges , juries , other lawyers and law students . Not surprisingly , Clarke did not return CNN 's calls for comment . But she spoke freely last year with the magazine at Washington and Lee University Law School , where she and her husband teach , as does Bruck . She is a visiting professor , teaching third-year law students , and she articulated the philosophy that defines her as a defense lawyer : "  We stand between the power of the state and the individual , and in doing so defend the core values that make this country great , " Clarke said . "  None of us , including those accused of a crime , wants to be defined by the worst moment , or the worst day of our lives . " Colleagues say Clarke is highly effective . An ardent opponent of the death penalty , she has kept some of the nation 's most despised criminals -- baby killers , bombers , white supremacists and terrorists -- off death row . You might know some of her clients by the public nicknames they acquired : the Unabomber , the Olympic Park bomber and the 20th hijacker . Clarke is so relentless , her work ethic so formidable , that she often seems driven . But her ambition is not for herself , colleagues say . She believes in the system . She was raised in Asheville , North Carolina , and graduated in 1974 from Furman College in Greenville , South Carolina . She received her law degree in 1977 from the University of South Carolina Law School , where Bruck was a couple of years ahead of her and served as a student adviser . Her talent was immediately apparent , he said . Later , as a defense attorney in South Carolina , Bruck recruited Clarke to help him defend Susan Smith , the emotionally disturbed mother who in October 1994 strapped her two boys into her car and let it roll into a lake , drowning them . The defense argued that it was a failed suicide attempt . It was Clarke 's first capital case . "  This is not a case about evil , " she told the jury as the trial began in state court during the summer of 1995 . "  This is a case about despair and sadness . " Clarke did n't argue insanity but brought her client 's abusive childhood and adult depression alive for the jury . She portrayed Smith as a woman so tormented by her failures in life that she even failed at her own suicide and jumped out of the car . "  She snapped , and Michael and Alex are gone , " Clarke told jurors . "  Susan broke where many of us might bend . " She let jurors feel Smith 's confusion and pain , and they took 2 1/2 hours to convict Smith of murdering her sons . But they spared her life . Afterward , the judge was so impressed with Clarke ¹ s work , he increased her pay to $ 83,000 . She paid the taxes and donated the money to a nonprofit agency that defends the poor in capital cases . State officials were not so impressed . They passed a law that prohibited out-of-state lawyers from working on South Carolina ¹ s death penalty cases . That law is still on the books , Bruck said . We 've been hit before on home soil Clarke went on to join the defense teams in other high-profile capital cases in the federal courts . All were settled through plea bargains that took the death penalty off the table . Among them : Ted Kaczynski : The mathematician known as the Unabomber pleaded guilty in January 1998 to making and transporting bomb materials that killed three people . Federal prosecutors in Sacramento , California , backed away from the death penalty after their own expert diagnosed him as a paranoid schizophrenic . Buford O. Furrow : The Aryan Nations member pleaded guilty in 2001 and was sentenced to five life terms for a racially motivated shooting spree at a Los Angeles Jewish Community Center and the fatal shooting of a Filipino-American postal worker in 1999 . Prosecutors dropped the death penalty when the defense documented and charted Furrow 's long history of psychiatric treatment for bipolar disorder . The decision later was criticized by the victims ' families . Child shooting victims : What they 've learned from the past Eric Rudolph : The man known as the Olympic Park bomber pleaded guilty in 2005 to bombing a women 's clinic in Birmingham , Alabama , and other bombings , including at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta . He was a survivalist and spent years on the FBI 's most wanted list . Prosecutors dropped the death penalty after Rudolph led them to several dynamite caches in the North Carolina woods . Zacarias Moussaoui : The 9/11 conspirator is sometimes referred to as the 20th hijacker . Clarke worked only briefly on this case . He repeatedly fired his lawyers and insisted on defending himself , abruptly pleading guilty to terror conspiracy charges in July 2002 . His life was spared in 2006 when a lone juror held out against a death sentence after a trial punctuated by the defendant 's outbursts . Jared Lee Loughner : The suspended community college student pleaded guilty to 19 murder and attempted murder counts in the Arizona shooting rampage that killed a federal judge and a 9-year-old girl and seriously wounded U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . Two mental health experts diagnosed him as paranoid schizophrenic , and he was sentenced to life in prison under a plea bargain .	Judy Clarke is considered the nation 's foremost expert in defending capital cases She has helped keep Susan Smith , Ted Kaczynski and Jared Loughner off death row Clarke has been appointed to defend Boston Marathon bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Tsarnaev has been charged with using a weapon of mass destruction
CNN  -- A small passenger plane crashed Monday into a hill outside the capital of Honduras , killing all 14 people aboard , officials said . "  The impact of the plane was pretty strong , it would have been very difficult for a person to have survived , given the way the fuselage looked , " said Oscar Triminio , a spokesman for the fire department . The twin-engine Let L-410 aircraft had taken off from the northwest city of San Pedro Sula carrying 12 passengers and two pilots and was en route to Toncontin International Airport in the capital city of Tegucigalpa , the Honduran Civil Aviation Department said . The airline , operated by Central American Airways , is not affiliated with a U.S. airline with the same name . At about 8 a.m. , once it had been cleared to land , the plane began descending toward the airport but lost communication with the control tower , the department said . Rescuers were then alerted . The crash site was just south of Tegucigalpa at the top of a hill some 2,000 feet  600 meters  above sea level , near the town of Santa Ana Francisco Morazan , Triminio said . The weather was cold and foggy , as it had been since the weekend , he said . One of the pilots had initially survived the crash , but died on the way to the hospital , he said . The first people to arrive at the crash site were residents of the nearby village who found one of the pilots still alive . "  It 's sad to hear a person in the rubble asking , ` Help ! Help ! Help ! ' " said Jorge Sandrez , mayor of Santa Ana . Emergency personnel were searching for the data recorders to help in the investigation . The bodies of the 11 men and three women were taken to a morgue in Tegucigalpa for identification by relatives . Civil aviation authorities identified three passengers as Americans . They gave CNN a list of those on the flight . Also among the victims were Rodolfo Rovelo , who other news organizations have identified as assistant secretary for public works ; Jose Israel Salinas , who has been identified as a trade union leader ; and Carlos Chain , a former finance minister . Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this story from Santa Ana , Honduras	All 12 passengers and 2 crew were killed Three Americans were among the victims The plane was preparing to land in Tegucigalpa when it lost contact
CNN  -- Better call Saul ? A man who won a contest to meet the cast of "  Breaking Bad " back in September has been arrested on drug charges , CNN affiliate WBBH reported . Ryan Lee Carroll , 28 , was arrested Tuesday following a raid on a home in the San Carlos Park neighborhood in Fort Myers , Florida , the station reported . Carroll , who was reportedly taken into custody on felony charges of alleged possession of synthetic narcotics and a misdemeanor charge of allegedly keeping a shop or vehicle for dangerous drugs , won a national contest to meet the "  Breaking Bad " actors prior to that hit show 's series finale . The TV series centers on a science teacher turned meth dealer . Another character on the show , Saul Goodman , is a slick lawyer who employs questionable methods to help his clients . "  It 's just so addicting , " Carroll told WBBH of "  Breaking Bad " at the time he won the contest . "  It 's such a good show . I think it 's addicting because people can relate to the main character . " After the warrant was served on the home , neighbors told the station that the scene was like something out of a Hollywood production , with a swarm of police cars and dozens of officers descending on the neighborhood . According to the Lee County Sheriff 's Office 's website , as of Thursday morning Carroll remained in custody .	Ryan Lee Carroll won a contest to meet the "  Breaking Bad " cast He was taken into custody on Tuesday Neighbors said the arrest was like a scene out of Hollywood
EW.com  -- Chris Meloni has booked his first post - "  SVU " gig -- and it 's a bloody good one . The former star of the Dick Wolf drama will join HBO 's "  True Blood " in season 5 as "  ancient , powerful vampire who holds the fate of Bill and Eric in his hands . " He will be a series regular . Meloni 's role on Alan Ball 's drama marks a homecoming , of sorts : The actor previously played Chris Keller on the pay cabler 's gritty drama "  Oz " from 1998 to 2003 . Earlier this year , Meloni decided to step down from playing Detective Elliot Stabler on the long-running NBC drama . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Christopher Meloni will join HBO 's "  True Blood " in season 5 He will play an "  ancient , powerful vampire who holds the fate of Bill and Eric in his hands " The actor previously played Chris Keller on the pay cabler 's gritty drama "  Oz "
Washington  CNN  -- Charlottesville , Virginia , residents could see one of the region 's biggest political footballs flying overhead this week : a drone . The use of an unmanned aircraft was approved Tuesday by the Federal Aviation Administration to help search for missing University of Virginia student Hannah Graham . The drone deployment , while legal , highlights an ongoing political debate -- at the local and state level -- on whether use of the aviation technology is a violation of civil liberties . Legal limits on unmanned aircraft use by state and local law enforcements were instituted by the Virginia state legislature in February 2013 , earning the support of civil liberties proponents and marking an historic first across the nation . The moratorium lasts until July 2015 , when the legislation will be reconsidered and some proponents say it ca n't come quickly enough . "  There 's been an overreaction on the part of state legislatures with respect to this technology , " said Brendan Schulman , who represents drone operators as Special Counsel at Kramer Levin Naftalis & Frankel LLP . Authorities say the drone , an Aeryon SkyRanger , could be used in the Charlottesville area for as long as they are useful -- news that might anger proponents of the ban , where the city itself voted to outlaw the use of drones even beyond the restrictions of the state moratorium . "  Drones will spy on us without our permission in violation of our constitutional rights under the 4th Amendment , " said David Swanson , an activist who brought the initial anti-drone resolution to the Charlottesville city council , in February . Schulman pointed out that state legislators ' "  knee-jerk reaction " highlighting privacy concerns is often overblown given state laws which prohibit invasions of privacy . Instead , he said , drone opponents should consider their financial and safety benefits . "  There is absolutely no question that using a battery powered small drone is much more cost effective than a manned helicopter , " he said , noting that in some circumstances , unmanned aircraft can often replace as many as 100 ground-based volunteers . "  This is like any other technology , " he added . "  There are great benefits that we can obtain from it when it 's used appropriately , and we should not curtail those benefits on the premise that the technology is always going to be abused . " John Coggin , chief engineer of the Mid-Atlantic Aviation Partnership , said the drone being used this week will be used to "  look closer " at objects of interest , and will be able to cover areas across the region too difficult to reach with an ATV or even see with a manned helicopter . More than 50 law enforcement personnel are also participating in the search on the ground . So far , police have searched more than 175 square miles in the mission to find Graham , which is now in its third week after she disappeared from the Downtown Mall area of Charlottesville on Sept. 13 . investigators have identified Jesse Matthew , 32 , as the last person seen with Graham . He 's been charged with abduction with the intent to defile . While the search continues both on ground and in air , some groups who supported the moratorium agree that use by local law enforcement should be allowed . The Rutherford Institute , a Charlottesville-based civil liberties organization notable for its hand in advocating for the local moratorium , has rallied behind the use of drones in the Graham case . "  We are all concerned about what has happened to Hannah Graham , and if using aerial drones can find her or at least provide some leads to law enforcement , all the better , " John Whitehead , president of the Rutherford Institute , said in a statement . "  The key moving forward is to ensure that appropriate civil liberties safeguards are in place , but that is a conversation for another day and time . "	The FAA approved drone use for helping in the search for Hannah Graham . State lawmakers issued moratorium on drone use in February 2013 . Drones are used to record images of places hard to reach on the ground .
Complications with the placement of an IV into a vein of death row inmate Clayton Lockett played a significant role in his botched execution , according to a report by the Oklahoma Department of Public Safety . Lockett was executed by the state of Oklahoma on April 29 in a lethal injection protocol that was beset with complications . An autopsy confirmed that Lockett died from the execution drugs and not from a heart attack , but many consider it botched nonetheless because it took 43 minutes for him to die . Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin ordered an investigation into the execution , which thrust the debate over capital punishment back into the spotlight . The report was released Thursday . Oklahoma Department of Corrections Director Robert Patton told Fallin that his agency will rewrite execution protocols , Fallin said . "  I continue to believe the death penalty is an appropriate and just punishment for those guilty of the most heinous crimes , as Mr. Lockett certainly was . The state 's responsibility is to ensure a sentence of death is carried out in an effective manner , " Fallin said . One factor that led to the complications was the difficulty the doctor and paramedics in the execution chamber had in placing the IV that would deliver the execution drugs into Lockett 's veins . It took 51 minutes and attempts in different parts of his body before the doctor felt comfortable with the IV placed in Lockett 's right groin area , the report said . For placement there , the doctor told investigators he would have preferred a longer needle , but the size he wanted was not available , so he used what was available . Because Lockett 's groin area was exposed to place the IV , Warden Anita Trammell decided to cover up the exposed area with a blanket to protect the inmate 's dignity , the report said . As a consequence , the place where the IV was inserted was covered and not visible to the doctor . It was n't until the second and third drugs of the execution cocktail were being administered that the doctor saw something was wrong , the report said . "  Lockett began to move and make sounds on the execution table , " the report states . "  It should be noted that the interview statements of the witnesses regarding Lockett 's movements and sounds were inconsistent . " Lifting the blanket , those in the execution chamber observed clear liquid and blood on Lockett 's skin near the groin area , and swelling under the skin that was "  smaller than a tennis ball but larger than a golf ball , " the report states . If the doctor would have been able to see the point where the IV was inserted , the problem could have been identified sooner , according to the report . At that point , according to the report , the doctor was unsure how much of each drug made it into the vein , or whether it was enough to result in death . The doctor was unable to insert the IV in the other femoral artery . Another failure noted in the report was that even if another vein was used , there was not a backup supply of execution drugs if indeed an insufficient amount had been injected the first time . The report notes that as the team struggled with these complications , Lockett 's heartbeat continued to lower . The execution was halted , but Lockett died anyway . The investigation found that there were some minor deviations from the required protocol during the execution , but that those did not contribute to the complications . "  This investigation concluded the viability of the IV access point was the single greatest factor that contributed to the difficulty in administering the execution drugs , " the report states . Among the report 's recommendations was to make the IV insertion point visible to the doctor at all times and to alert the governor 's office if it takes more than one hour to insert the IV . The incident provoked sharp criticism from attorneys and lethal injection experts from the Death Penalty Clinic at the University of California Berkeley School of Law . "  The state 's internal investigation raises more questions than it answers , " said Dale Baich , an attorney representing Oklahoma death row prisoners . "  The report does not address accountability . It protects the chain of command . Once the execution was clearly going wrong , it should have been stopped , but it was n't . " Megan McCracken of the Death Penalty Clinic called for an independent investigation . "  Multiple factors contributed to Mr. Lockett 's badly bungled execution , including lacking of planning and training , a failure to set a functioning IV , and a failure to plan for contingencies . Many questions remain unanswered as to how the  Department of Corrections  allowed this to happen , " McCracken said in a statement . Nun : ` Botched ' executions unmask a botched system Chemical mix and human error lead to controversial executions	Oklahoma will rewrite execution protocols , governor says Oklahoma 's Department of Public Safety issues a report into Clayton Lockett 's death Lockett was executed in April Problems with the IV contributed to the complications in the execution , the report says
Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States will help the Iraqi government in its battle against al Qaeda-linked fighters in western Iraq , but stressed it wo n't send troops . Speaking to reporters in Jerusalem on Sunday during his visit to the Middle East , Kerry said the United States is not contemplating a return to the volatile nation . U.S. military forces , which invaded Iraq and toppled the Saddam Hussein regime in 2003 , fought insurgents there for years until they withdrew at the end of 2011 . "  We are not , obviously , contemplating returning . We 're not contemplating putting boots on the ground . This is their fight , but we 're going to help them in their fight , " Kerry said , noting that the United States plans to be in "  close contact with all of the Iraq political leaders " to determine how to help them . "  We going to do everything that is possible to help them , and I will not go into the details except to say that we 're in contact with tribal leaders from Anbar province whom we know who are showing great courage in standing up against this as they reject terrorist groups from their cities . And this is a fight that belongs to the Iraqis . That is exactly what the President and the world decided some time ago when we left Iraq . " Fighting in the predominantly Sunni Anbar province in recent days has posed a serious challenge to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and his Shiite-dominated government , raising questions about his ability to hold the country together amid a rising insurgency . Conflicting reports have the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria  ISIS  , formerly the group commonly known as al Qaeda in Iraq , in partial control of Falluja , the site of some of the bloodiest fighting between U.S. forces and insurgents during the Iraq War . Sunni populist ire in Anbar This weekend , the government claimed , the Iraqi army shelled the Anbar city of Falluja in an effort to clear out al Qaeda-linked fighters amid dueling claims by the terror group and government forces about just who was in control of the flashpoint town . But the conflict in Anbar is not black and white -- al Qaeda vs. pro-government troops -- according to local officials , political analysts and tribal leaders in Falluja and Ramadi . They say al-Maliki is spinning the strife to his political advantage . These sources say al-Maliki is trying to cite al Qaeda as a pretext to crush Sunni protesters and is using the same tack to get international support for his fight . They say he 's trying to create the false impression that ISIS fighters control much of Falluja . ISIS has been working doggedly to exploit a security vacuum across Iraq . While there are pockets of al Qaeda-linked militants in Anbar cities such as Falluja , most regions in Anbar , including Falluja , are under the control of local police and Sunni tribes not aligned with militants , they explained . Fighting also has raged between these local tribes and the Iraqi army in Falluja . Violence has flared in recent days because of the arrest of a Sunni lawmaker in Ramadi and the dismantling of protest sites by the army in Falluja and Ramadi . Most Sunnis in Anbar have simply been angry at being regarded as second-class citizens in the majority Shiite country . They have been upset with the local and central government authorities , and these grievances have spurred an ongoing uprising against the Shiite-led government . Things are a bit more stable in Ramadi , Anbar 's capital because the local government struck a deal with tribes to fight against ISIS . Al-Maliki is more supportive of local government in Ramadi than Falluja , according to these sources . Soldiers have not been stationed inside Anbar cities for nearly a year . Now , al-Maliki is trying to bring the soldiers back , a move prompting Sunni resistance . The deal the government made with some Sunni tribal fighters was comparable to a 2007 U.S. pact that saw Sunnis turn on al Qaeda , siding with American and Iraqi forces to bring about an end to the terrorism . The fighting between Sunni militants against Shiite-dominated forces was reminiscent of fighting during the height of the Iraq War in 2006 and 2007 , when sectarian violence nearly tore the country apart . The analysts who spoke to CNN said that Shiites have more to fear in the conflict with Sunnis because they risk losing its newfound and widespread power after decades of domination by a large Sunni regime led by Saddam . The fight against the militants is "  bigger just Iraq ' As for Kerry , he said the U.S. government is concerned that al Qaeda and ISIS "  are trying to assert their authority not just in Iraq but in Syria . " "  These are the most dangerous players in that region . Their barbarism against the civilians of Ramadi and Falluja and against Iraqi security forces is on display for everybody in the world to see . Their brutality is something we have seen before . And we will stand with the government of Iraq and with others who will push back against their efforts to destabilize and to bring back , to wreak havoc on the region and on the democratic process that is taking hold in Iraq . " Kerry called the fight against the militants "  bigger than just Iraq " and the United States has an "  interest " in helping an elected government "  push back against the terrorists . " "  The fighting in Syria is part of what is unleashing this instability in the rest of the region . That 's why everybody has a stake . All of the Gulf states , all of the regional actors -- Russia , the United States , and a lot of players elsewhere in the world -- have a stake in pushing back against violent extremist terrorists who respect no law , who have no goal other than to take over power and disrupt lives by force . Violence raged in the capital of Baghdad on Sunday . Three car bombs and two roadside bombs exploded in several areas , killing at least 18 people and wounding dozens .	At least 18 dead in Baghdad violence John Kerry says , "  We 're not contemplating boots on the ground " Fighting in Anbar province has stirred concern Kerry notes regional implications in the fighting
San Clemente , California  CNN  -- Joey Santley 's flip-flops rhythmically clap as he strolls through San Clemente 's surf ghetto , a cluster of boxy surfboard-making businesses . This chatterbox entrepreneur spouts out ideas like big waves churn up foam . Surfing is a sport with a black spot on its eco-friendly soul , and Santley thinks he found a way to cleanse it . "  We 're going to take the biggest pile of trash that our industry makes and we are going to figure out a home for it , " Santley explains . The shaping and making of surfboards for decades has produced a chemical residue , a toxic white dust that can be found all over the surf ghetto . Santley grabs a plastic bag inside the major surfboard manufacturer Lost , and points down at a pile of polyurethane powder , excess foam that sprinkled from a surfboard-shaping machine . "  I 'll come in here and clean up all this stuff , " explains Santley , using a broom and dustpan to put the polyurethane dust into a plastic garbage bag . "  They can keep cranking -LSB- producing surfboards -RSB- because it gets too full in here . "  They love it because they do n't have to clean up . And I love it because I come and get material for my boards . And if I was n't doing this , the dust would be going into the landfill over the hill . " Santley estimates that 40 percent or more of each surfboard blank winds up in the dump . The flaky foam waste collects and swirls like light snow throughout the surf ghetto shops . The board makers use high-pressure air hoses to blow off the itchy powder . Santley and his partner , Steve Cox , have now recycled enough foam dust to provide the raw material for 2,000 surfboards . "  It saves room for tomorrow , " says Mike Giancola , the director of Orange County , California , Waste & Recycling . "  We 're glad that they -LSB- Santley and Cox -RSB- took the initiative and found alternatives to the waste at the Prima landfill . That 's the kind of sustainability we like to see . " Surfboards are made from blanks -- board-shaped foam cutouts that are finished at manufacturers such as Lost , where legendary shapers such as Matt "  Mayhem " Biolos sculpt the final product . Biolos says the average cost of a surfboard is $ 650 and each board is custom made to the buyer 's specifications in flexibility , length , width , thickness and more , down to 1/16 of an inch . "  There is really no other example of it in the sporting world , so we are really spoiled about our equipment , " says Biolos . "  We can go and get them made in almost any surfing country in the world , to fit our exact specs . It 's not like buying a tennis racket or a baseball glove with another athlete 's name on it . " So the question hanging ten out there is : Will surfers with spiritual connections to their beloved custom-made boards be willing to ride on recycled material ? Professional superstar Cory Lopez says among the many boards he rides are some of Biolos ' Lost boards , crafted from Green Foam Blanks . "  Green foam , it works just the same as the other boards but it 's just a little more environmentally friendly , " Lopez told CNN . "  So it 's a win-win situation . You have to enjoy the fact that it is good for the environment and the fact that you can go out there and ride it just the same as any other board . " The earliest generation of Green Foam Blanks suffered from a slight flaw that does not affect the ride , but could turn off surfers with their notoriously picky tastes . The surfboards made from recycled foam blanks were dotted with little specs , giving the boards just a slightly dirty or murky finish . But the buzz in San Clemente 's surf businesses is newest batches of Green Foam Blanks are less murky and Santley showed off some visibly cleaner next-generation boards . But surfers are the last people who should worry about looks , Santley says . "  I do n't know many surfers that wear lipstick and makeup when they surf , " he says . "  I do n't wear lipstick and make up , so what does it matter what it looks like if it -LSB- the surfboard -RSB- is light and strong and has the right flex and does the job under your feet ? " Green Foam Blanks may have never gone from one of Santley 's ideas into the water , if not for a major shake-up in what the Surf Industry Manufacturing Association calls a $ 190-million-a-year business  about 300,000 surfboards  . The dominant supplier of surfboard blanks , Clark Foam , shut down in 2006 , opening the market to new firms , including one created by some of its former employees , U.S. Blanks . Santley saw an opportunity to "  green up " surfing by recycling all that blanks ' dust and is now teamed with U.S. blanks . "  Everyone kept saying , ` Do n't waste your time , do n't waste your time , ' " Santley recalls . "  Finally we got the opportunity to , and a blank manufacturer to do a test . After 50 years of rigid polyurethane production on Earth , we successfully proved our concept in one hour . "	Joey Santley and Steve Cox sweep up polyurethene dust , make surfboard blanks Blanks are board-shaped foam cutouts that are finished at surfboard manufacturers About 40 percent of each surfboard blank winds up in the dump , Santley estimates Professional surfer says boards made with Green Foam just as good as others
CNN  -- They may have a silly name and be 750-1 against to win the tournament , but Australia 's "  Socceroos " were Team Keen on May 28 , arriving first for the Brazil World Cup in a specially designed Qantas jet marked with the team logo . Thus began a small but nevertheless slideshow-worthy trend for spruced up World Cup aircraft . Brazil 's GOL adopted the role of attention-stealing host , with a paint job so magnificent it 's worthy of its own gallery . Germany 's Lufthansa became "  Fanhansa " on eight planes , in a design that valued minimalism and efficiency over gaudy ostentation . Click through the gallery for more .	Airlines are playing their part in the World Cup fever , with many rolling out themed liveries Brazil 's team is using a plane completely covered by graffiti art Germany 's Lufthansa has renamed eight of its planes to "  Fanhansa "
Washington  CNN  -- The White House defended President Barack Obama from criticism that he was tone deaf in his reaction to the mass shootings at Washington Navy Yard . Obama : Shooting a ` cowardly ' act For a second straight day , White House press secretary Jay Carney faced questions about a Monday afternoon event that occurred as the situation at the Navy Yard was still unfolding . Obama touched on the tragedy before forcefully criticizing conservative Republicans who are threatening to shut down the government . Obama pressures conservative Republicans McCain to House Republicans : Do n't shut down government "  I understand that some Republicans are trying to make something of this , " Carney said on Tuesday in response to a question from CNN Senior White House Correspondent Jim Acosta . "  The president spoke about the Navy Yard at the very top of his briefing . He talked about the cowardly act that had taken place , the tragedy that was unfolding and the loss of life and he called for and demanded a seamless investigation with federal and local law enforcement officials and that is what we 're seeing now , " Carney said . Obama himself stepped in on Tuesday to address the controversy , telling Telemundo in an interview to "  keep in mind " that he addressed the shooting while it was still going on , "  while we were still gathering information . " He continued , "  I think that everybody understands that the minute something like this happens , I 'm in touch with the FBI , I 'm in touch with my national security team , we 're making sure that all the assets are out there for us to deal with this as well as we can . " On the other hand , Obama said , "  what is also important to remember is that Congress has a lot of work to do right now " in a short period of time , noting looming fiscal deadlines that he says are crucial for the economy . Obama had planned on Tuesday to tout his economic accomplishments on the fifth anniversary of the Wall Street meltdown and criticize a group of conservative Republicans for their push to shut down the federal government if the national health care law is n't defunded . His comments were designed as a prelude to the White House battle plan in the fights over the upcoming deadlines over government funding , the debt ceiling , and as a Americans begin to start enrolling in the Affordable Care Act , better known as Obamacare . 5 things Obama planned before shooting A distracted president struggles with the economy White House officials did delay the event from late morning to early afternoon , to ensure that the president would n't be speaking at the same time at a news conference updating the evolving situation at the Navy Yard . But they said they never considered canceling the event . "  We are confronting another mass shooting and it happened on a military installation in our nation 's capital . It 's a shooting that targeted our military and civilian personnel , " the president said at the top of his remarks . "  These are men and women who were going to work , doing their jobs protecting all of us . They 're patriots and they know the dangers of serving abroad but today they face the unimaginable violence that they would n't have expected here at home . " But minutes later Obama took the fight to some in the GOP , saying , "  I can not remember a time when one faction of one party promises economic chaos if it ca n't get 100 % of what it wants . That 's never happened before but that 's what 's happening right now , " and adding that forcing a shutdown would be the "  height of irresponsibility . " Your guide to a government shutdown Debt ceiling ' X date ' could hit Oct. 18 The president 's quick pivot first to the latest developments in the Syrian crisis and then into his criticism of the GOP stands in contrast to his initial reaction to last December 's shooting of 20 children and six adults in Newtown , Connecticut , when he urged national unity . And it brought criticism from House Speaker John Boehner . "  It 's a shame that the president could not manage to rise above partisanship today , " the top Republican in Congress said in a statement a few hours after Obama 's event . Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus continued the attack on Tuesday , tweeting "  Disappointing that POTUS could n't rise above partisanship yesterday ... hours after #NavyYardShooting " Former House Speaker and 2012 Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich expanded on the criticism . "  President Reagan , in the tragedy of the  space shuttle  Challenger , postponed the State of the Union address because he realized the country needed to be in mourning . President Obama should have recognized that an event this painful and tragic , in the nation 's capital , required being president rather than partisan , and being concerned about people rather than concerned about attacking , " said Gingrich , a co-host of CNN 's "  Crossfire . " A top Republican strategist went a step farther . "  When there is a tragic event like this in the nation 's capital and the local baseball team expresses that it would be insensitive to participate in the national pastime , but the president proceeds with a self-congratulatory press conference to celebrate his miniscule economic accomplishments , it tells you the Obama administration has become tone-deaf , " said Alex Castellanos , a CNN contributor who co-founded Purple Strategies , a bipartisan public affairs firm . "  Bill Clinton , who ` felt our pain , ' would never have made this mistake . " Opinion : Gun control is not the answer It 's not just Republicans who are critical of the president -- a senior Democratic consultant was critical of Obama 's timing , too . "  Suprisingly tone-deaf . National unity has been at the heart of the Obama brand since his 2004 ` there are no red states and no blue states ' speech . To pass up a chance to unite the country after a tragedy was a missed opportunity . Unhelpful in terms of politics . Even more unhelpful in terms of governance , " said the consultant , who asked to remain anonymous to speak more freely . While Carney says the president "  was horrified by this news "  of the shootings  , he defended Monday 's White House event and would n't entertain any second day quarterbacking , saying "  we knew what the public knew , " adding "  we had the same information you did . " Will rampage move the dial on gun control ? And he pushed back against criticism that Obama 's speech was partisan . "  Far from being a partisan speech , the president made clear in his speech that many Republicans on Capitol Hill agree with him that we should not go down the road of threatening to shut down the government or defaulting on our obligations in the name of some partisan agenda item , " Carney said . And White House officials questioned the appropriateness of some House Republicans who they say were launching partisan attacks at the administration on Monday over last September 's deadly attack at the U.S. consulate in Benghazi that left the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans dead . Later Monday , the tone did appear to shift at the White House . A Latin music event in the East Room that was planned for the evening was postponed , according to White House officials , "  in light of today 's tragic events at the Washington Navy Yard and out of respect for the victims and their families . " Around the same time , the U.S. flag on top of the White House was lowered to half staff . Remembering the Navy Yard victims	Obama criticized for launching attack on congressional Republicans in hours after Navy Yard shootings White House spokesman defends Obama , saying time is running out on Congress to act on economy Obama touched on the shootings and Syria situation before criticizing GOP in previously scheduled event NEW : Obama says in interview that he discussed the shooting while it was unfolding
CNN  -- Sanaa residents reported hearing heavy explosions and sporadic gunfire for several hours early Tuesday , one day after security forces set fire to tents and tore through demonstrators ' camps in Freedom Square in Taiz with bulldozers , an activist and eyewitnesses said . It was not immediately clear what caused the blast sounds in Sanaa , which residents described as coming from the Hasabah neighborhood , an area close to it and the region near the airport . Hasabah is home to Sheikh Sadeq al-Ahmar , leader of the powerful al-Hashid tribe , whose forces oppose the government . Eyewitnesses in the capital city said they saw a heavy security presence in Sanaa , as well as what they described as "  armed thugs " roaming the streets . In Taiz , a center of protests against the Yemeni president , the protest camp was essentially gone on Monday , said Bushra Maktati , a leading human rights activist . A field hospital was also dismantled , with the equipment taken away by troops , Maktati said . Troops also used water cannons to disperse thousands of protesters in the city on Monday , a day after clashes left at least 20 people dead and 200 wounded , according to eyewitnesses and two medical officials who could not be named because of security concerns . One youth activist said the attacks would not stop their protests . "  Our revolution will not stop even if hundreds are killed every day , " said Sameer Al-Samaee , a leading youth activist in Taiz . "  Killing innocent civilians always leads to war crime charges and that is what we are seeking for Saleh . " Meanwhile , government forces launched airstrikes against Islamic militants in the coastal city of Zinjibar , where fierce fighting raged Sunday . And the nation 's largest cell phone network was ordered shut down Sunday , according to a senior official with the country 's Communications Ministry who requested anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media . The SABAFON network was ordered shut down because of violations and unpaid fines over the last few years , the Communications Ministry official told CNN . A management official with the SABAFON network , who also was not authorized to speak to the press , confirmed the shutdown . The official denied the government 's allegations and said the move appeared to be a tactic to pressure members of the al-Ahmar family , including Hamid al-Ahmar -- President Ali Abdullah Saleh 's chief political enemy . The official said members of the al-Ahmar family are majority shareholders in SABAFON , with the largest shareholder being Hamid al-Ahmar . Saleh has been under intense pressure to resign after months of protests and mounting opposition . Taiz , where protests continued Monday , has been a center of anti-Saleh activity . The most recent protests broke out Sunday when thousands of protesters took to the streets and were met with gunfire from security forces . Protesters threw rocks at the forces , who responded with more gunfire , witnesses said . The U.S. Embassy in Sanaa condemned what it called the "  unprovoked and unjustified attack " on demonstrators in Taiz . It praised the protesters and called on Saleh "  to move immediately on his commitment to transfer power . " On Monday , security forces were arresting youths and taking them from the streets to an unknown location , Maktati , the human rights activist , said . At least 70 tents had been burned down by security forces since late Sunday night , according to witnesses . Abdu Ganadi , a government spokesman , said security forces were rescuing colleagues who had been captured and beaten by protesters . "  We did not attack the protesters , " Ganadi said . "  Reports are all exaggerated . Only two were killed . " He said protesters ' tents were burned by people attacked by the protesters , and that tents that burned were empty . In Zinjibar , fighting continued Monday between Yemeni troops and Islamic militants . Militants moved into the city on Friday and controlled the streets by Saturday , residents said . The militants began ferocious attacks on Saturday , according to a Yemeni government official who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media . Security forces and soldiers abandoned their posts , leading to chaos , the source said . Hundreds of soldiers moved back into the city on Sunday , with heavy fighting between militants and the Army 's 25th Mechanized Brigade , the source said . More than two dozen soldiers had been killed since the start of the battle on Saturday , said a government source Sunday who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media . The fighting occurred on the same day Saleh met with top military and security officials to talk about "  hostilities and crimes " occurring in his country , the Yemeni State News Agency reported . Saleh has been resisting protests calling on him to step down after 33 years in power . The powerful al-Hashid tribe , which includes the al-Ahmar family , rose up against long-time leader Saleh in the last week , after he backed out of a regionally brokered deal meant to ease him out of office and end months of demonstrations of the kind that have swept the Arab world this year . The recent fighting has raised fears of a full-blown civil war in Yemen , an impoverished , arid and mountainous nation that has been a key U.S. ally in the battle against the al Qaeda terrorist network .	Witnesses say security forces use bulldozers and fire to dismantle camps in Taiz A government spokesman denies attacking protesters 20 now are dead in clashes in Taiz , medical sources say The Yemeni air force launches strikes against militants in Zinjibar
CNN  -- Several years ago , when my husband and I went to collect our newly adopted cat after surgery , the vet receptionist picked up the phone and languidly informed whoever was at the other end : "  Minou 's mommy and daddy are here to pick her up . " Wow . Apparently I had a baby . A furry one , currently stapled together with a cone on its head . There are various types of pet owners . At one end of the spectrum is the "  no nonsense " variety who believe the lines between beast and human are far too often blurred . At the other extreme are those whose pet is categorically their baby . And then there 's everyone in between . For many , consciously or otherwise , a pet is a practice child , a step up in responsibility between none and a lot . Something to love and take care of , but that you can leave alone when you go out for dinner without fear that it will die . This is perhaps why so frequently the horse  dog , cat , or chinchilla  comes before the  baby  carriage . But what happens to your "  pet baby " when it comes time for a real human child to join your family ? Our baby is due in July , and despite my occasional fantasies that the cat wo n't notice , I know that in reality she will , and I do n't think she will like it . The cat sleeps in our bed , commands attention whenever she desires , and does n't have to share her living space with anything of a remotely similar size . Dr. Heather Thomson , from Manhattan 's West Village Vet , says that more than 50 % of the practice 's clients who have a new baby find their pets are stressed , nervous and upset by it . No wonder . When a pet is used to being the baby , it can be disconcerting to suddenly have to compete with what appears to be a tiny , yelling object vying for the spotlight . "  They were our kids , " says Caroline Krediet of dogs Hector and Lemon prior to their baby 's arrival . "  We arranged weekend outings around them , indulged them . Put their needs first at all times , almost . " The same was true for Lauren Crandall before her son came along . "  It was all about E.G. , all the time , " she says of their rescue Havanese , "  He was a first thought always . " However you see your pet -- baby , miscellaneous family member , friend , possession , colleague , animated stuffed animal -- chances are that it thinks of itself as the creamy filling to your Oreo and wo n't enjoy being usurped by a screaming upstart . "  The dynamic changes , " Thomson explains , "  and the pet realizes it 's no longer the center of the universe . " No matter how you slice it , babies -- especially newborns -- demand a huge amount of time , attention and energy , often leaving a deficit for your furry friend . "  I think E.G. was depressed for a while , " says Crandall , "  The first four months were the hardest . He was n't getting out as much as he used to and was n't getting the same amount of attention during the day . I felt really badly for him . " Problems adapting to your bundle of joy can range in pets from mild to severe . "  A cat can withdraw , stop eating , develop a medical problem , deviate from normal cat habits -- urinate or defecate outside of box , become destructive , anorexic , aggressive , " says cat therapist Carole Wilbourn , adding that a very anxious cat could even attack the baby or other family members . Thomson says dogs can also become more aggressive , often in a misguided attempt to protect the baby . Our cat is fairly neurotic -- a kind of cat version of , perhaps , Woody Allen -- and is not a huge fan of any kind of change , no matter how minute . Thus our goal has been to arm ourselves with as much information as possible on smoothing the transition at home from pet palace to nursery . We hope this will help us avoid a kitty mental breakdown . There 's a lot of advice out there for pet owners with similar concerns . Thomson says bringing a used baby blanket home from the hospital prior to the baby 's arrival can help your pet become accustomed to the scent . She says some pet owners have also used plug-in pheromone diffusers , which can help to calm animals during the period of transition . Wilbourn suggests a multifaceted approach with cats , including a lot of feeding , petting , name-crooning and general attention around the time that cat and baby meet . She also recommends desensitizing the  poor  cat by playing a recording of a baby crying , and perhaps having a friend 's child come over to play so the cat gets used to kids , and presumably is then less prone to a full blown freakout when sticky hands grab its tail . She details more approaches in her book , "  The Complete Guide to Understanding and Caring for Your Cat . " Krediet said when they bought their daughter home from the hospital , they let the dogs sniff her feet and get to know her , making sure never to leave them with her unsupervised . Crandall , meanwhile , sums up their approach as "  NDLB "  no dog left behind  . "  We call him our firstborn son and he is the baby 's brother , " she says , "  We try really hard to make him feel special and not that he has been sidelined . " But in case you were wondering if the upshot of all of this is a Disneyesque house of harmony where pet and baby frolic and snuggle in happy unison , you may be asking too much . While mini-Crandall is becoming increasingly fascinated by the furry creature sharing his home , Crandall says dog E.G. -- while tolerant -- does not return the interest level . "  He sniffs him and then goes about his business . " Lack of interest , however , is still one of the better outcomes . Some pets never come around to the change in circumstances . Wilbourn says it can be a good idea to arrange a "  worst-case scenario , " alternative home for your pet , in case all else fails . But there are some happy endings . Wilbourn describes one cat who , after an initial show of aggressive behavior , became devoted to the new baby and now acts as a kind of "  cat nanny , " standing guard over its little friend , maybe wearing a pinafore  that part possibly is just in my imagination  . And according to Krediet , Hector and Lemon 's affections have increased exponentially along with the baby 's propensity to drop food on the floor . Hector now even lets her ride on his back . "  I think they adapted to the situation the same way we adapted our lives , going from crazy , freedom-loving 20s into responsible married 30s , " she says , "  I think they 've enjoyed parenthood , too . " Have you struggled to get your pet used to a new baby ? Share your story in the comments section below .	When a pet is used to being babied , a new human baby can upset the household balance Katie Walmsley is concerned her cat Minou will react badly when her baby is born Veterinarians recommend slowly acclimating your pet to the possibility a child is coming The transition is n't always smooth , but careful planning and preparation can pay off
CNN  -- I 've been tasked with the assignment of following President Clinton on two legs of his Southeast Asia trip for his charity the Clinton Foundation . We join him and his large entourage in Hanoi , Vietnam , where he 's visiting an AIDS orphanage about an hour 's drive outside the city . Despite the heat and humidity , the president walks around the facility , speaking to local staff through a translator , commending them on their tireless work . His foundation provides tuberculosis medicine for the children infected with HIV/AIDS and it 's saving lives . The children perform a dance for their distinguished visitor -- and the president ca n't wipe the smile off his face . "  I was watching them dancing and they gave me a little poster where each of them wrote what their dreams are for the future , " explains Clinton , who is clearly moved by what he has just witnessed . "  When we came here first in 2006 every one of the children was HIV positive . They would have eventually died from AIDS . They had no future , so to see them now healthy and alive it 's just amazing . " Clinton says he decided at a very early age that he wanted to dedicate his life to public service . Meeting President John F. Kennedy at the White House as a student in 1963 and listening to Martin Luther King 's "  I Have a Dream " speech the same year was a life changing experience that he says firmly placed him on his path . I ask if his charity gives him a sense a purpose . "  Oh yeah , " he says in his folksy southern drawl . "  I like it because it 's personal flesh and blood . You 're not just talking in abstract policy terms . You are actually seeing the lives of people change and it 's one of the great things about the life I have now . "  I loved my life in politics -- I loved it . But the difference now is I can see the personal human implications of the decisions we are making . " "  And then you see results -- there they are . Those kids dancing -- I would n't take the world for that . I 'm going to have a film of that and I 'm going to have that all my life now . " MH17 , Gaza , and the rise of China He speaks with emotion and it 's more than just being at the orphanage . He just found out that some of the people on board Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 when it went down over Ukraine were due to attend the AIDS conference he will soon be speaking at in Melbourne , Australia . "  It 's awful . I mean those people are really in a way martyrs to the cause . We need to wait to make any definitive statements until we know exactly what happened but it was sickening -- thinking about those people being knocked out of the sky . It 's pretty tough . " We discuss world issues such as the Gaza offensive and the ongoing Middle East conflict -- a conflict he tried to resolve while in the White House . He believes it 's up to Israel to clinch a peace deal with the Palestinians , but I ask him if that 's realistic considering the current state of war . "  Well I think it 's possible partly because you get tired of doing the same thing over and over again and getting the same result -- it 's crazy . I hope that this will lead to a little soul searching and trying to get back to the baseline issue of a peace agreement . " Our conversation moves on to the isolationist policy now being adopted by the U.S. after its long wars in both Iraq and Afghanistan . I ask if America is still the world 's policeman and he replies : "  I do n't think we have been the world 's policeman since the end of the Vietnam War . " "  But I do think we have been more active and less active over time . The wars in Afghanistan and Iraq were highly costly to us . They cost us a lot in lives and wounds and national treasure . We have a lot of work to do within the U.S. to rebuild our economic strength . But I think we have been and should be active in the world . " On the issue of a rising China that is becoming more assertive in its foreign policy , especially in the South China Sea , he says he is "  concerned . " "  The Chinese obviously have a legitimate interest in and right to try to develop a natural capacity to have enough natural resources to continue to grow their economy . But I think it 's a big mistake for them to be seen as big footing the whole region . "  Historically that 's not been their role and wherever they have done it they have wound up paying a price bigger than the benefit they got . This whole thing is still playing out so this where we ought to be working for the best and preparing for the worst . " Hillary 2016 ? Towards the end of the interview I ask the question on everyone 's lips -- will Hillary run for President in 2016 . He laughs . It 's a question he 's been asked a thousand times and will continue to be asked until his wife makes an official announcement . "  I do n't know , " he explains . "  I think she really needs some time to think this through . We reached a point in our life when we think you should n't run for office if you do n't have a clear idea of what you can do and a unique contribution you can make you can outline that . "  So much of politics is background noise and we do n't need the background noise anymore . I am proud of her and whatever she does is fine with me . I 'll support what she does . " I get the feeling he wants his wife -- who he met in the spring of 1971 in a library at Yale Law School -- to run . It would be history in the making -- America 's first female president and the first husband and wife to ever be leaders of the free world . "  It 's a decision that only she can make and I 'm not going to try and jump the gun , and if she decides not to do it I 'll be happy too , " he says . "  We have a lot of good years left I hope regardless . So we will do whatever happens . "	CNN 's Anna Coren interviews former U.S. President Bill Clinton during his Southeast Asia trip Clinton visits children at an AIDS orphanage in Vietnam He learns some MH17 victims were due to attend an AIDS conference at which he 'll speak Coren asks Clinton about the Gaza conflict , the rise of China and America 's isolationist policy
CNN  -- Five people have been killed after one of the Philippines ' most active volcanoes spewed a giant cloud of ash and rocks early Tuesday . They were climbing on Mount Mayon , some 212 miles  340 km  southeast of Manila , when the blast occurred at around 8 a.m. local time , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council  NDRRMC  . Of the five fatalities , four were German tourists , while the other was identified as Jerome Berin , their Filipino guide , the NDRRMC said . Joey Salceda , governor of Albay Province , told CNN affiliate ABS-CBN they were killed after being hit by falling rocks . He said they were part of a larger group scaling the volcano . Seven others , including an Australian , were hurt . The NDRRMC said a total of 27 hikers were on the volcano at the time and requested assistance . iReport : Volcano sends ash soaring into sky According to the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology , the blast sent a thick column of ash 500 meters  1,600 feet  into the air -- the result of what it called a "  small phreatic event " that lasted about 73 seconds . While no intensification of volcanic activity was observed , it warned that these sudden ash and steam explosions could occur at any time . Therefore officials advised people against going inside a six-kilometer danger zone around the volcano . Mount Mayon is the most volatile of more than 50 volcanoes -- 22 of which are considered active -- that are scattered across the Philippine archipelago . An almost perfect cone shape , Mayon last erupted in 2010 and forced thousands of people to flee from their homes . Mayon 's slopes , like many volcanoes in the country , are home to thousands of farming communities who make use of the fertile soils provided by the volcanic activity despite the occasional risk of eruption .	Five climbers killed during ash explosion on volcano in Philippines Blast send thick column of ash 500 meters  1,600 feet  into the air Mount Mayon is the most volatile of more than 50 volcanoes in the Philippines
New York  CNN  -- Police arrested hundreds of protesters who occupied an iconic New York bridge during demonstrations against the nation 's financial system , before releasing the demonstrators with tickets . The "  Occupy Wall Street " protesters extended their rally to Brooklyn Bridge , where they were cited for blocking the roadway , authorities said late Saturday . Protesters banged drums and chanted , "  the whole world is watching " as police moved in . "  Over 700 summonses and desk appearance tickets have been issued in connection with the demonstration on the Brooklyn Bridge ... after multiple warnings by police were given to protesters to stay on the pedestrian walkway , " said Paul J. Browne , deputy commissioner for the New York City Police Department . Browne said authorities had warned protesters they would be arrested if they occupied the roadway . "  Some complied and took the walkway without being arrested , " he said . Bridge traffic heading to Brooklyn from Manhattan was shut down for several hours , police said . Manhattan-bound lanes were open during the incident . The protesters are rallying against what they say are social inequities resulting from the financial system . Organizers have said they take their inspiration from the Arab Spring protests that swept through Africa and the Middle East this year . Crowds have taken up residence in the park in New York 's financial district , calling for 20,000 people to flood the area for a "  few months . " The protest campaign -- which uses the hashtag #occupywallstreet on the microblogging site Twitter -- began in July with the launch of a simple campaign website calling for a march and a sit-in at the New York Stock Exchange . Over the past two weeks , demonstrations have addressed various issues , including police brutality , union busting and the economy , the group said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	About 700 protesters were arrested , then released The group says it is protesting the economy , among other things Police say protesters blocked lanes to Brooklyn Bridge Protesters bang drums and chant , "  the world is watching "
HONOLULU , Hawaii  CNN  -- Battered by the current economic recession , Hawaii 's economy could get a strong boost from two key sporting events . The Pro Bowl this year was played at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu . It will return there in 2011 . The National Football League 's Pro Bowl Game will return to Honolulu in 2011 -- an event that is expected to bring millions of dollars in revenue . Honolulu Mayor Mufi Hannemann is also hoping to lure the 31st Summer Olympic Games -- but not to his city . He 's actively supporting Chicago 's bid to host the 2016 Games . "  How does that play out for Hawaii ? Well , obviously if we get the Olympics -- that is  the  USA -- we benefit from a Discover America campaign that we 'd like to see with visitors coming prior to Chicago to Hawaii or after , and visiting other parts of our country , " the mayor said . "  What I really want to do is promote Hawaii as a great place for some of these teams to come and do a little R&R  rest and relaxation  or training before they go on to the Olympics in Chicago . " Hannemann will head to Chicago , Illinois , this weekend to court International Olympics Committee members , who are in the Windy City to evaluate its plan to host the Games . On October 2 , the IOC will choose among Chicago ; Madrid , Spain ; Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ; or Tokyo , Japan , as the 2016 host city . Hannemann co-chairs the U.S. Conference of Mayors ' Olympic Task Force , along with Chicago Mayor Richard Daley , which he said aims "  to bring the Olympics to America in 2016 . " Hawaii 's economy is heavily dependent on tourism , and the economic recession means fewer people are visiting the island state . With three-quarters of the state 's population living in Honolulu , Hannemann said , workers are especially hit hard in the capital city . "  The slowdown in tourism has resulted in shorter hours , in some cases even a decrease in their wages , and hopefully a last resort is some of them are being laid off as a result of some of these businesses going out of business , " he said . "  So our job is just to continue to do what we can to work with private industry to shore up the tourism industry . It is our No. 1 industry , nothing comes close . " Tourism accounts for between $ 10 billion and $ 12 billion each year compared to Hawaii 's second-largest industry , which is military spending , according to Hannemann . That accounts for between $ 3 billion and $ 4 billion annually , the mayor said . Last month , the Hawaii Tourism Authority voted to allow the NFL 's Pro Bowl game to return to Hawaii in 2011 and 2012 . The game has been held the week after the Super Bowl at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu since 1980 , and has sold out every time . Next year , it will take place in Miami , Florida , before the Super Bowl -- raising concerns that it will not be as much of a draw because no Super Bowl players will participate in the game . Hawaii authorities agreed to allow the game to return to the state under the condition that the NFL would consider returning the Pro Bowl to the Sunday after the Super Bowl "  depending on the success , or failure , of the 2010 game in Miami , " according to the NFL . Hannemann said the tens of thousands of people who attend the game annually have then spent "  at least $ 30 million " across the state of Hawaii . Losing the game would not only be an economic loss for the state , but a "  major downer " for residents , he said . "  People  have  said , ` Oh , my goodness , now we lost the Pro Bowl . We 've had it here for over 20 years , it 's been a sell-out . What 's going on here ? ... Everything 's going to go out of Hawaii , ' " Hannemann said . "  So I got involved , I went and talked to some of the commissioners there , I changed their votes , and we 're able to keep the Pro Bowl here . " But hosting the Pro Bowl will come at a cost . Hawaii will have to pay $ 4 million each year it hosts the game . In a recent commentary in the East Oahu Sun newspaper , writer Joe Edwards questioned whether the cost of hosting the game would come at the expense of projects more vital to residents -- such as a long-awaited rail transit project . "  Do n't get me wrong : I like the Pro Bowl . I 've been to several . It 's a great show . But our own citizens , and our own football team , should come well before the NFL , " Edwards wrote . Hannemann insists that despite the recession , he will be able to deliver on his campaign promise of a public rail system in Honolulu , which is scheduled to break ground this year . "  Even under the rubric of a stimulus package , we 're going to get some monies there to push this out , " Hannemann said , noting that Hawaii 's senior U.S. senator , Daniel Inouye , is the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee . He also said the measure is supported by President Barack Obama , who was born and grew up in Hawaii . "  These are tough times , but if there 's a necessary project -- what I call a need-to-have versus a nice-to-have -- I 'm going to make all the justification in the world and then we 're going to do it , " he said .	NFL 's Pro Bowl will return to Hawaii in 2011 Mayor hopes Chicago gets the Olympics -- and that attendees stop off in Hawaii Hawaii 's economy is heavily dependent on tourism One writer questions the cost of hosting the Pro Bowl
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Renewed clashes in a disputed area along the Thai-Cambodian border killed at least one Thai soldier and left 11 people injured Saturday , Thailand 's MCOT news agency reported . The skirmish came a day after officials said three Thai soldiers and three Cambodian soldiers were killed in fighting there . Each side blames the other for the violence , which erupted Friday near two temples in the Phanom Dong Rak district of Thailand 's Surin province . Authorities have evacuated thousands of people from nearby villages . The Cambodian defense ministry on Saturday blasted what it called Thailand 's "  repeated deliberate acts of aggression , " including firing heavy artillery weapons and flying military planes deep into Cambodian airspace . In a letter to the U.N. Security Council on Friday , Cambodia 's deputy prime minister said Thai troops had engaged in a "  large-scale attack with many types of weapons , " targeting areas around temples "  deep inside Cambodian territory . " Hor Namhong wrote that Thai artillery pieces fell as far as 21 kilometers  13 miles  in its territory during what he called the fifth such attack since 2008 when the U.N. Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization placed Cambodia 's Preah Vihear Temple on its World Heritage List . Thai Foreign Minister Kasit Piromya , meanwhile , said he 'd send off a "  protest letter " of his own , the state-run MCOT news agency reported Saturday . He disputed reports that Thai forces had used poisonous gas or flown over Cambodian territory , except for helicopters trying to airlift out wounded soldiers . "  We protected our sovereignty , and our counterattack targeted the Cambodian army base to limit the area of the clash , " said Kasit , who added that Thailand still wanted to settle the issues diplomatically . Thai Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugsuban told MCOT on Saturday that one recent clash began after Cambodian troops fired into Thai territory.Earlier , Thai army Lt. Col. Siriya Khuangsirikul accused Cambodia of violating an agreement not to bring weapons or post troops in the disputed area . Cambodian Lt. Gen. Chhum Socheat claimed Thai troops shelled and damaged temples , and flew over Cambodian territory with spy planes , Cambodia 's state-run Agence Kampuchea Presse reported . At least 10 people were killed when renewed fighting flared up in another disputed border area between the two nations in February , prompting the U.N. Security Council to issue a statement calling on both sides to implement a permanent cease-fire and "  resolve the situation peacefully and through effective dialogue . " The office of Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement Saturday that the U.N. chief was "  troubled " by the recent clashes , especially after "  initial signs of progress " toward resolving their conflict peacefully . "  The Secretary-General calls on both sides to exercise maximum restraint and to take immediate measures to put in place for an effective and verifiable ceasefire , " the statement said . Those clashes , which lasted four days , stemmed from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the temple , which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . At the time , each nation accused the other of firing first , according to a statement from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations . Conflict over the site has taken place periodically for years . In 1962 , the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , ruled that the site was in Cambodia , adding that the structure was "  an outstanding masterpiece of Khmer architecture . " But Thailand says the 1.8-square-mile  4.7-square-kilometer  area around Preah Vihear was never fully demarcated , and blames a map drawn at the beginning of the 20th century during the French occupation of Cambodia . Thaugsuban said Saturday that the border dispute must be resolved peacefully between the two parties , without the involvement of a third party . In his latest letter to the United Nations , his Cambodian counterpart Namhong accused Thailand of not being earnest in its bids to resolve the dispute peacefully , calling its neighbor 's actions "  a pretext for using its larger and materially more sophisticated armed forces against Cambodia . " CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. chief is "  troubled " by clashes along Thai-Cambodian border , urges talks NEW : Cambodia 's military blasts what it calls "  repeated deliberate acts of aggression " NEW : A Thai official says Cambodia fired first , saying its forces acted in self-defense The tension revolves around who controls territory along the border
CNN  -- Gay pride was on display in towns and cities across the United States Sunday as gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender people -- and their supporters -- marched in parades large and small to demand equality , oppose discrimination and express pride in who they are . In New York , the parade featured participants of every age and many backgrounds . Some dressed conservatively , others were decked out in glittering fabrics and some wore next to nothing at all . The atmosphere was festive and open , as marchers carried handmade signs with messages including , "  Straight but not narrow-minded " and represented groups including the New York Gay Bloggers . But there was no banner for St. Francis Xavier Roman Catholic Church . Parishioners did march , but obeyed an order from New York Archbishop Timothy Dolan that they should not carry a banner with the church 's name . The banner they carried was blank . The gay pride parade in Minneapolis , Minnesota , is considered one of the biggest events in the state -- last year 's parade drew more than half a million people , according to CNN affiliate KARE . On Sunday , participants wandered in a festival-type atmosphere that included tents for people to sell services and wares . The festival also included a man handing out Bibles and preaching against homosexuality . Festival organizers had tried to block his presence , but a federal court ruled that the man could not be banned from the park . Anti-gay activist attends Twin Cities gay pride fest  KARE There were no incidents related to his presence , and some participants even stopped to engage him in what appeared to be friendly debate . iReport : 40 years of pride in New York Even tiny Fayetteville , Arkansas , had a gay pride parade for the fourth year running . It was small but attended by enthusiastic supporters , who were able to drown out the words coming from Christian counter-demonstrators . The grand marshal of the parade was 10-year-old Will Phillips , who made headlines by refusing to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance at his school . He said his reasoning was that not all U.S. citizens enjoy liberty and justice , particularly gay , lesbian and transgender people . iReport : Scenes from Arkansas parade But in San Francisco , violence shook the city 's neighborhood perhaps most associated with gay pride , the Castro district . Police said three people were shot at a party , during so-called "  Pink Saturday " festivities preceding Sunday 's activities . iReport : Aftermath of shooting Local media reported that one man died as a result of his injuries .	LGBT people and their supporters march in parades large and small Marchers demand equality , oppose discrimination based on sexual identity Parishioners from New York church march but without banner Shooting incident mars "  Pink Saturday " festivities in San Francisco
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Her identity revealed , a blogger who posted rants about model Liskula Cohen said she was the real victim in the case and plans to sue Google for violating her privacy . Rosemary Port says she plans to sue Google for not doing enough to protect her identity . Rosemary Port and her lawyer said Monday that they will file a $ 15 million lawsuit against the search engine giant for not doing enough to protect her identity . "  I not only feel my client was wronged , but I feel now it sets precedent that anyone with money and power can get the identity of anyone that decides to be an anonymous blogger , " said Salvator Strazzullo , Port 's lawyer . A New York Supreme Court judge ordered Google to reveal Port 's identity after Cohen sued the company to acquire information about the anonymous blogger . Watch model explain her persistence " "  I wanted it gone , " Cohen said . "  I did n't want it to be there for the rest of my life . And I knew the only way for it to be gone was to call my lawyer . " In August 2008 , Port , a user of Google-owned Blogger.com , created "  Skanks in NYC . " The site assailed Cohen , 37 , a cover girl who has appeared in Vogue and other fashion magazines . The blog featured photos of Cohen accompanied by derogatory terms . The judge rejected Port 's argument that blogs on the Internet "  serve as a modern-day forum for conveying personal opinions " and should not be regarded as fact . Cohen 's attorney , Steve Wagner , said he could n't believe Port 's nerve in suing Google . "  Her being a victim here ? I have trouble understanding that in its entirety , " he said . Legal experts said Port is not likely to win her case . Jeffrey Toobin , CNN 's senior legal analyst , said Google was complying with a court order and that disclosing Port 's name can not be viewed as violating her rights . "  Google never promises anyone absolute anonymity , " Toobin said . "  There are all sorts of circumstances when Google cooperates with law enforcement . " Blogger.com requires only a valid e-mail address to register for a blog . After the court demanded Port 's identity , Google handed over her e-mail address to Cohen 's lawyers so they could track her down . In response to CNN 's request for an interview , Google issued a statement : "  Google does comply with valid legal processes , such as court orders and subpoenas , and these same processes apply to all law-abiding companies . At the same time , we have a legal team whose job is to scrutinize these requests and make sure they meet not only the letter but the spirit of the law . " Online activists have closely followed the model blogger 's case . Nick Thompson of Wired magazine said the case will force people to recognize that the blogosphere , however anonymous , is not above the law . On the other hand , it could deter some bloggers who fear the cloak of anonymity could be lifted at any moment . "  There will be people who wo n't publish things that maybe they should publish or that would be good for society , " Thompson said .	Rosemary Port created "  Skanks in NYC , " a site that assailed cover girl Liskula Cohen Judge ordered Google to reveal Port 's identity after it was sued by Cohen Legal experts said Port is not likely to win her case
Parenting.com  -- Stressed about work-life balance ? Take a look at this list from Parenting 's sister magazine Working Mother of the top ten companies that keep working moms ' needs in minds , excerpted from the Working Mother 100 Best Companies . PwC Employees : 30,379 Women : 47 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Working a reduced schedule wo n't hurt your career at this audit , tax and advisory services firm : Moms who put in just 20 hours per week still earn full benefits and remain under consideration for top jobs . In 2010 , the firm added training that helps them better navigate the workplace and advance in their careers ; nationwide sessions assist the human resources team in advising and managing employees on such arrangements . At present , more than one tenth of female client-service partners , directors and managers have cut their hoursâ $ " and nearly all say that it has made them feel happier , more committed and more supported by the firm . Parenting.com : How to tell your boss you 're pregnant General Mills Employees : 16,803 Women : 40 % Headquarters : Minneapolis , MN What We Love This major food manufacturer earns employees ' loyalty by investing in programs that support their long-term satisfaction . Its recent great Manager initiative , for example , used training courses , mentoring circles and town halls to teach officers and directors how to inspire and motivate their workers . To help people make more time for family , the company promotes flexible schedules , grants 26 job-guaranteed weeks off for a birth or adoption  with $ 10,000 in adoption aid  and allows employees to take three weeks of vacation in their first year . At the Minneapolis headquarters , an on-site center looks after infants ages 6 weeks to 16 months ; everyone else has access to discounts at 63 near-site child-care facilities and may request backup-care subsidies . Deloitte Employees : 40,984 Women : 43 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Sprawling across 700,000 square feet on a massive plot of land in Westlake , TX , is this professional services firm 's new Deloitte University , which boasts hundreds of training courses for its employees . As they pursue their career goals , moms telecommute , ramp up or reduce their workloads , take paid sabbaticals and even go on five-year breaks , all the while maintaining connections to office mentors and freelance work . Gender-neutral parental leave policies grant at least eight fully paid weeks off to primary caregivers and three fully paid weeks off to secondary caregivers after the birth or adoption of a child . To keep costs down , employees use the firm 's mortgage assistance , tap up to $ 10,000 in annual tuition aid and invest in pretax commuter , health-care and dependent-care accounts . Parenting.com : "  I 'm jealous of my nanny : " A mom 's honest confession Discovery Communications Employees : 3,094 Women : 54 % Headquarters : Silver Spring , MD What We Love Ca n't find time to get a blood test , physical or EKG ? Employees at the Silver Spring headquarters and Miami and New York sites of this nonfiction media company simply walk down the hall to their office wellness clinics , which offer free acute and primary care  and basic prescription drugs  to workers and their children over age 14 . Since 2004 , the clinics have doled out some $ 7 million in medical care to employee families , which has put money back in parents ' wallets . To improve their mental health , moms join the Working Families Group  a parenting network that debuted in October 2010  and take workshops on women 's finances , home-buying and retirement . Anyone who pays for an exercise class or athletic activity may be reimbursed for 50 % of the cost , up to $ 50 per month . Ernst & Young Employees : 23,899 Women : 48 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love If you 're surrounded by talented people , it makes sense to seek their advice on work life matters , which is what the female employees of this professional services firm often do . Meeting at the discussion forums , book clubs , lectures , dinners and outings hosted by the firm 's more than 70 U.S. professional women 's networks , they share their goals , hopes and challenges , forging key relationships . If they have a question about how to achieve balance , they can turn to the firm 's affinity groups for working moms , parents and those raising kids with special needs . And if their teens are going through rocky times , they can ask its employee assistance program to arrange counseling or join a dedicated online support group . Parenting.com : Stay home or work ? How moms can make the best choice Prudential Financial Employees : 20,023 Women : 53 % Headquarters : Newark , NJ What We Love It 's easy to find people to admire at this financial services firm , where moms run two of the three highest-earning businesses and the number of women promoted to senior management increased by 51 % in 2010 . Encouraged by their example , female employees have recently doubled their participation in its career-counseling and life-coaching programs . Those in the retirement and life insurance divisions enjoy their own leadership forums , but mentoring and tuition assistance are widely available . Women who work 20 hours per week can take nine partially paid weeks off after the birth of a child . TriHealth Employees : 10,114 Women : 83 % Headquarters : Cincinnati , OH What We Love Employee kids are everywhere at this health-care system -- working as candy stripers , roaming the halls during holiday parties , running through the on-site gymnasium and taking swimming , babysitting and yoga classes . In 2010 , the organization expanded its day-care center to accommodate growing families , and now looks after 98 kids ages 6 weeks to 10 years . Children confronting tough issues get special help , with sessions on how to stay safe at home alone offered to those in grades three through six and a free retreat offered to older kids who 've lost their parents . Mentoring and leadership initiatives and tuition aid abound for ambitious moms , who rely heavily on flex schedules ; a very helpful employee assistance program can locate extra dependent care and provide parenting and health coaching . KPMG Employees : 20,601 Women : 47 % Headquarters : New York , NY What We Love Facing any new parenting situation for the first time can be tough , something this professional services firm recognizes with its Parents in the Know initiative  available in Boston and New York City  . No matter what stage of life an employee is inâ $ " having a baby , adopting , returning to workâ $ " she can be put in touch with a colleague who has been through it and can offer advice . To help parents in Kansas City , the firm 's women 's network just debuted a Working Parents group  joining similar ones in other locations  , which hosts social outings and informative lectures . Across the firm , parents attend seminars on nutrition for young children and learn how to help kids do well in school . While women earned half of all promotions to manager , senior manager and executive last year , the growth of virtual meetings means they do n't have to stay in the office to be considered top performers . WorkingMother.com : 7 tips on asking for a raise WellStar Employees : 13,046 Women : 83 % Headquarters : Marietta , GA What We Love Financial acumen is prized by this health-care organization , where women earn two thirds of the very highest salaries and oversee most of the profit-and-loss decisions . Aware that they shape the organization 's future , many take advantage of the executive mentoring offered by its 21st Century leadership program , which allows them to work on projects aligned with their employer 's goals . As they rise , women also utilize tuition aid , which covers 100 % of their job-related college courses or degrees , up to $ 4,500 annually . Smaller perks help them save for the future , from discounts on sports and entertainment activities to inexpensive backup care and deals on respite and full-time care for elder relatives , offered at an on-site assisted-living facility . Bank of America Employees : 248,074 Women : 60 % Headquarters : Charlotte , NC What We Love Family health insurance is worth its weight in gold these days , but parents at this leading bank only need to work 20 hours per week to earn it . If they want to cut their out-of-pocket costs , they can save $ 5,000 annually in pretax health accounts ; similar versions offset dependent-care and commuter expenses . While ten on and near-site child-care centers offer subsidies , parents can also call a resource and referral service to locate nannies , day cares , backup assistance and special-needs caregivers . Employees who are thinking about the future may consult the benefits Education and Planning center , whose counselors will pinpoint savings goals for their retirement and work with them to build a long-term financial strategy . Altruistic types may take two paid hours off per week to volunteer ; over a year , that 's 13 days . WorkingMother.com : See the full list of Working Mother 100 Best Companies Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	The best companies often have good benefits for moms who can only work 20 hours a week TriHealth , whose employees are 83 % women , offers extensive child care services At WellStar women earn two thirds of the very highest salaries and oversee most of the profit-and-loss decisions
CNN  -- Australia has extradited a man from Germany to face charges of people smuggling , after a three-and-a-half year manhunt by federal police and Interpol . The 42-year-old man was allegedly involved in organizing a fishing boat carrying 56 people , which arrived in Australian waters from Indonesia in September 2010 . He 's been charged with eight counts of people smuggling . If found guilty he faces up to 20 years in prison . Australia 's Minister for Justice , Michael Keenan , said the man 's extradition sent a clear sign to other suspected traffickers . "  The message to those who are suspected of participating in this evil crime is clear -- Australian law enforcement will ensure they are tracked down to face the full force of our laws , " he said . OPINION : Deterring and denying asylum seekers in Australia Border crackdown Soon after his election as prime minister in September 2013 , Tony Abbott declared an unofficial war on people smugglers . He announced "  Operation Sovereign Borders , " a military-led crackdown meant to deter potential asylum seekers from making the risky voyage to Australian waters . The government said the policy would save lives lost at sea . Critics responded that it was an attempt to evade Australia 's international obligations to provide refuge to those fleeing persecution . On Thursday , Abbott announced again the policy was working ; no asylum seekers had successfully arrived in the country by boat in six months . "  I 'm not declaring victory ; there 's no hint of mission accomplished , " Abbott told reporters . However , he pointed out in a statement that under the former Labor government , during the same six-month period the previous year , 190 boats with 12,773 people had illegally arrived in Australia -- "  more than a boat a day . " The operation may have been successful in reducing the number of boats arriving in Australia , but the government 's policy on asylum seekers has attracted fierce criticism . Amnesty International has called the government treatment of asylum seekers "  cruel , inhuman and degrading . " Violence on Manus Island After taking office , the Abbott government said it would continue a Labor plan to process all asylum seekers at offshore detention centers . One of the most controversial centers is on Manus Island , Papua New Guinea , where hundreds of male asylum seekers are being held in four security compounds . The center opened in August 2013 , but the numbers of detainees , or transferees as they 're also known , has since swelled to more than 1,300 . In February , uncertainty about their future , combined with antagonism between the detainees and PNG nationals working at the center , saw protests erupt into a night of violence . An independent review commissioned by the government into the riots heard claims of simmering tensions between asylum seekers and PNG nationals employed at the center . The report , released in May , found the detainees became angry after a meeting because they felt questions relating to when their claims would be processed were n't being answered . What happened next was a blur of beatings and clashes that ended in the death of one asylum seeker , Iranian Reza Berati . Dozens of others were injured , including one man who lost an eye , and another who was shot in the buttocks . Senate inquiry This month , a Senate Inquiry into the February violence has heard submissions about the ongoing fear and trauma suffered by transferees on the island . "  Asylum seekers do not have enough clothing , or hygiene products . The facilities are grossly inadequate and unsanitary . Mental health conditions are rife , " said Nicole Judge , a former Salvation Army worker . Another , former G4S security guard , Steve Kilburn , told the inquiry that within a week after arriving on Manus Island he formed the opinion that "  there is only one possible outcome on Manus Island and that is bloodshed . " He said he thought "  violence was inevitable " because of the remote location of the center , the poor living and working conditions , tensions between local PNG guards and transferees and the lack of hope felt by the asylum seekers that their claims would ever be processed . The Senate Inquiry is due to report on July 16 .	42-year-old man returned from Germany to Australia to face people smuggling charges Man 's accused of organizing boat to take 56 illegal immigrants to Australia Country has been clamping down on asylum seekers arriving by boat Part of a broader policy to deter asylum seekers , process claims offshore
CNN  -- About 1,000 National Guard soldiers will report for duty Saturday in Puerto Rico , activated by the governor this week to help fight a drug-fueled crime tsunami that has flooded the Caribbean island . The military personnel will repair police cruisers and join local authorities on patrols in the most crime-ridden areas of Puerto Rico , mainly in poor parts of the commonwealth 's largest cities . One soldier will accompany a police officer on each patrol , said the National Guard chief , Maj. Gen. Antonio Vicens . "  The problem that exists now is that the police are short of personnel , " Vicens said . "  What we are going to do solely is to help them . First , we are going to help them with mechanics , provide them with more than 100 mechanics so that their fleet of patrol cars can go out on the street . Once we have that , we are going to have joint preventive patrols . "  You wo n't see military vehicles on the street . What you 'll see are police patrols on the street . " The soldiers will be deployed in San Juan , the territory 's capital , and the cities of Carolina , Bayamon and Ponce . Gov. Luis Fortuno announced the call-up in his annual state of Puerto Rico speech Monday night , saying the help is needed until more officers can be trained . He did not set a timetable . In a separate development , Fortuno announced Tuesday that U.S. Attorney Rosa Emilia Rodriguez Velez had reached an agreement with the commonwealth 's Justice Department and Puerto Rico Police Department for federal prosecutors to have jurisdiction over a series of major crimes . Puerto Rico is an unincorporated territory of the United States and more stringent federal U.S. laws can apply . "  To those who commit carjackings , " Fortuno said , "  to those who provoke shootouts on our roads ... to sexual offenders who rob our children of our innocence , our message is clear : We 're going to impose on them the full weight of the federal law . We 're going to look for them , and we 're going to bring them to justice . " Rodriguez said the agreement will streamline the prosecution of cases and allow federal agents immediate access to some crime scenes . "  We feel very strongly about fighting crime , " she said Thursday . "  It 's much better to fight crime together . This is an additional crime-fighting measure . " By all measures , there 's much crime to fight . A 2010 threat assessment by a 15-agency task force notes there were 68,738 violent crimes reported in 2008 , a 9.3 percent increase over the previous year . Of the 13 major police areas in Puerto Rico , the municipality of Bayamon was the worst , with 16,590 violent crimes . Homicides also showed a significant increase , with 807 killings reported in 2008 , the latest year for which statistics were available . That was a 10.5 percent increase over the previous year . Homicides had already increased by 9.2 percent in 2007 . San Juan had the highest homicide rate in 2008 , with 177 slayings . Bayamon was second-highest , with 154 killings . As in many other parts of the world , authorities tie the crime jump to drugs . "  It 's strong . It 's very strong , " Rodriguez told CNN . A recent Puerto Rico Police Department report documented that more than 60 percent of the slayings on the island were directly related to drug trafficking . "  Drug-related violence is endemic in Puerto Rico , " said a 2009 analysis by the Justice Department 's National Drug Intelligence Center . "  Homicide rates typically rank among the highest in the United States , and law enforcement officials report that most of these homicides are related to drug trafficking . -LSB- Drug-trafficking organizations -RSB- and gangs frequently use intimidation , violence and murder to gain and retain control of retail drug markets in the region . " The largest gangs predominantly operate in public housing projects scattered throughout San Juan , Aguadilla , Fajardo and Ponce , the 15-agency threat assessment said . Drug gangs also operate in lower-income neighborhoods where they feel less vulnerable to law enforcement . Cocaine , crack-cocaine , marijuana , heroin and Ecstasy are the drugs most widely trafficked , officials say . Puerto Rico is particularly vulnerable because of its location . "  The Caribbean region remains a major transshipment area for cocaine and heroin shipments originating from Colombia , transiting through Venezuela and destined to the United States , Europe and Canada , " the multiagency report said . The criminals are well-financed and well-armed . "  Large-caliber assault type rifles such as AK-47s , M-16s and various types of military carbines are the weapons of choice , " the report said . "  In some instances , rifles recovered in the streets have been converted to fire in the fully automatic mode . The handguns of choice are Glocks and Smith & Wesson pistols converted to fire in the fully automatic mode , thus providing added fire power . " The National Drug Intelligence Center also notes that Puerto Rico "  is a major money-laundering center for drug traffickers operating in the region . " Although Puerto Rican officials did not mention it this week , there 's another reason for the National Guard deployment . "  Public confidence in the -LSB- Puerto Rico Police Department 's -RSB- ability to protect the citizenry remains low because of continued corruption within the department , " the National Drug Intelligence Center analysis said . "  This situation has resulted in decreased cooperation between the public and the police department and has made it more difficult for police officers to deter crime and enforce the law . "  Consequently , it is likely that the crime rate in Puerto Rico will remain high and the drug situation will worsen in the next year as traffickers take advantage of a perceived law enforcement weakness . " Vicens , the National Guard general in charge , believes the military can help change that . "  We are the beneficiaries of a -LSB- good -RSB- reputation and confidence on the part of the public , " he said in a published interview this week . "  When we act , we act professionally . That will help us accomplish our objectives . " Some Puerto Ricans wonder whether the military can solve the problem . "  It might help , " said Tony Santiago , owner of Rent the Bike in Old San Juan . He questioned whether some of the Guard members are up to the task . "  What do they do for a living , " he asked . "  Maybe they do n't have the knowledge to handle the situation like a policeman would . " No one seems to question that there 's a problem and that something needs to be done about it . Gwenn Bentz and her husband own Coqui 's Hideaway , a vacation rental cottage 45 minutes east of San Juan . "  It does n't affect us personally because we live up in the mountains , " she said . "  It 's mostly in the cities . " Nonetheless , she and some neighbors are starting a crime-watch group . "  Is there crime ? Yes , sure . That 's gone up , " Bentz said . And the governor feels he has to act , she said . "  I think Fortuno realizes that something has to get done about the violent crime , drug problems , and the police do n't seem to be able to get the problem under control , " said Bentz , a New Jersey native who has lived in Puerto Rico for six years . "  So if the National Guard can help , I am happy he is trying something . " A few minutes later , she was not so sure . "  I do n't think the National Guard troops activation is the answer to the problem , but I guess it ca n't hurt , " she said U.S. Attorney Rodriguez , a 32-year veteran of the justice system , believes her office 's new powers will make a difference . "  I have much hope , " she said . And if anything can make the situation better , she said , it 's intervention by federal authorities . "  I am rich in satisfaction , " the prosecutor said . "  The United States has always taken care of Puerto Rico . It 's a good father . "	Violent crimes , homicides on the rise in Puerto Rico Military will repair police cruisers , join local authorities on patrols in crime-ridden areas Soldiers will be deployed in San Juan , Carolina , Bayamon , Ponce Confidence in local law enforcement is low because of corruption , report says
London  CNN  -- A suspect named by British media as entertainer Freddie Starr faced further questioning from police Friday in connection with an investigation into sex abuse claims involving late BBC TV host Jimmy Savile . Starr , a well-known comedian in the United Kingdom , was arrested on suspicion of sexual offenses Thursday , British media reports say . Police did not release the suspect 's name , identifying him only as "  Yewtree 2 , " but said he falls under the "  Savile and others " strand of their investigation , dubbed Operation Yewtree . He was released on bail early Friday but returned to face further questions in the afternoon . In media interviews last month , Starr denied the allegations against him , which were made in a TV report . Read more : British police make first arrest in Savile investigation He told Channel 4 News : "  I want a police investigation . I want one . I want them to come and question me -- anything they want to ask . " He was the second UK celebrity to be arrested in connection with the inquiry . A London man , who British media reported to be 1970s pop star Gary Glitter , was arrested Sunday , also on suspicion of sexual offenses . Read more : How celebrity child sex scandal has rocked the BBC A TV documentary a month ago detailed allegations of sexual abuse against Savile , who died last year . Police investigating the scandal are dealing with about 300 apparent victims , Cmdr. Peter Spindler told reporters . Savile 's targets were apparently mostly girls in their mid-teens in what Spindler said was "  alleged abuse on an unprecedented scale . " The British TV icon died in October 2011 at age 84 . But authorities have said they are preparing an arrest strategy for others , still living , against whom allegations have been made in connection with the Savile case . Jimmy Savile : National treasure in life , reviled ` sex abuser ' in death Countless Britons who grew up watching Savile on TV 's "  Top of the Pops " and his children 's program "  Jim 'll Fix It " have been left reeling by the slew of claims against him in the past month . The reputation of the British Broadcasting Corporation , his former employer , has also been tainted by the scandal amid questions about how his abuse went undetected , and its decision to drop a program investigating allegations against him last year . "  Now the BBC risks squandering public trust because one of its stars over three decades was apparently a sexual criminal ; because he used his programme and popularity as a cover for his wickedness ; because he used BBC premises for some of his attacks , " BBC Chairman Lord Patten wrote in an editorial published Sunday in the Daily Mail . Read more : Former BBC chief explains dropped Savile investigation The BBC has said it is horrified by the revelations and has launched two independent inquiries . NatWest Bank confirmed this week that the distribution of Savile 's estate , most of which he is reported to have left to a charitable trust , "  has been put on hold . " It has been suggested the money could be used to pay compensation to some of his alleged victims if they file legal claims . Last Saturday , Savile 's family made its first public statement since the claims of sexual abuse of underage girls destroyed the reputation of a man they had regarded as a hero . Savile 's nephew , Roger Foster , had defended his late uncle -- who hosted shows watched and heard by a generation of young Britons -- in a newspaper interview before the allegations first emerged in the TV documentary a month ago . Read more : Relatives of disgraced Savile voice their anguish But as those few claims snowballed into hundreds , the family had to face up to the horrific truth : that the man they were so proud of as a media star and tireless charity fundraiser had a far darker side to his past . "  I watched the program in horror and could not believe that these allegations were about our uncle . This was n't the man we knew and loved , " Foster said . "  We began to have doubts as to our own feeling towards our uncle . How could the person we thought we knew and loved do such a thing ? "  Why would a man who raised so much money for charity , who gave so much of his own time and energy for others risk it all doing indecent criminal acts ? How could anyone live their life doing the ` most good and most evil ' at the same time ? " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	The second suspect , named by British media as comedian Freddie Starr , is quizzed again The suspect is in his 60s and from Warwickshire , British police say Starr denied any allegations against him in media interviews last month A TV documentary has detailed allegations of sex abuse against TV host Jimmy Savile
New Delhi  CNN  -- Maoist insurgents in the Indian state of Orissa have set free the second of two Italians they kidnapped almost a month ago , but a local legislator is still being held , a government spokesman said Thursday . The Italian citizen Paolo Bosusco has been released , said S.K. Panda , a spokesman for the government of Orissa in eastern India . "  He is on his way to Bhubaneswar , " the state capital , Panda said . Bosusco was kidnapped with another Italian tourist , Claudio Colangelo , in the district of Kandhamal on March 14 . Colangelo was set free 11 days later . The guerillas also kidnapped Jhina Hikaka , a member of the state 's legislative assembly who is still being detained . Last week , authorities in Orissa agreed to release 27 prison inmates in exchange for the return of the abducted Italian man and the legislator . Orissa 's chief minister , Naveen Patnaik , specified that 23 prisoners would be freed to secure Hikaka 's release , and the other four for Bosusco 's . The captors had set 13 demands , including the withdrawal of government troops from rebel strongholds in the state and the release of fellow Maoists and their supporters from jail . Panda said Thursday that one of the prisoners , who the chief minister had promised to free in the exchange , has been released and others have been asked to file their bail applications . Anti-rebel operations , part of a decades-long conflict , have already been put on hold in Kandhamal , officials said . Maoist militants have been battling the Indian government in several eastern states since the late 1960s in an insurgency that has resulted in thousands of casualties . The group says it is fighting for the poor and the dispossessed . In addition to targeting police , alleged police informers and "  class enemies , " the insurgents are believed to have carried out attacks on roads , bridges , railways , and power and telecommunication networks .	Left-wing insurgents are still holding a state lawmaker in Orissa They have released the second of two Italians they kidnapped The Indian authorities have offered to free 27 prisoners
When George W. Bush could n't get an immigration overhaul though the Senate , he gave up . When Barack Obama could n't get a bill through the House , he changed the rules . Rewriting the immigration system was at the core of Bush 's "  compassionate conservatism " political brand and was dear to his heart . "  It did n't work , " a deflated Bush said on a June day seven years ago when the comprehensive reform effort finally died on Capitol Hill . Faced with failure , he asked his team if he could reshape the immigration system with his own executive power , but they concluded he could n't . So Bush -- a president who fought the war on terror with an expansive interpretation of executive power -- moved on to other things for his last 18 months in office . Obama refuses to accept the same fate . When immigration reform died in Congress this year , Obama , like Bush , asked his lawyers if he could change the system on his own . This White House team came to the opposite conclusion . So , more than 500 days since the Senate passed a bipartisan immigration bill , Obama unveiled his plan to go it alone . In a prime-time address , he announced he would wield executive power to patch up the system as best he could , temporarily shielding up to five million people from the threat of deportation . He said he had no choice but to go ahead -- despite furious claims by Republicans he is subverting the Constitution and behaving more like a king than a weakened president hemmed in by a hostile Congress . "  To those members of Congress who question my authority to make our immigration system work better , or question the wisdom of me acting where Congress have failed , I have one answer . Pass a bill , " Obama said . The president plans to offer temporary relief from deportation to the parents of U.S. citizens and permanent residents , who have been in the country for more than five years . He 'll also extend a program that already allows undocumented migrants brought here as children to stay in the country . The measures are far short of the fix that Obama had hoped a permanent comprehensive immigration bill would provide . And since he was forced to act via executive order , his moves could be wiped out with the stroke of a pen by a future president . But it 's clear that Obama is motivated by far more than the prosaic business of fixing the broken immigration system . In the two weeks since the Republican rout in the mid-term elections dealt what many had thought was a killer blow to his presidency , Obama has been working at a furious pace . A president who believes he was elected twice to engineer change is not giving up just because Congress is in his way . Republican House Speaker John Boehner is noticing and warning of retribution . "  President Obama has cemented his legacy of lawlessness and squandered what little credibility he had left , " Boehner said . Reforming immigration was always on Obama 's mind when he took office . "  It was on the big bucket list of why he was running for president , " said a White House official . "  Climate , immigration and health care were problems that have eluded presidents for decades . " "  He really thought he had an opportunity to take on all three , " the official said . "  It looks like he is going to make progress on all three . " Events that led to Thursday night 's address had been unfolding for months , a factor that may explain the noticeable lack of drama surrounding Obama 's announcement . WATCH : McConnell : Executive action ignores law There was none of the excruciating tension or euphoria that greeted other signature moments of the Obama presidency -- like the killing of Osama bin Laden , or the passage of health care reform . Senior administration officials confided that Obama signed off on the final details of the plan when he got back from Asia this week . But administration lawyers had been beavering away for months to flesh out legal justifications . Many in the White House had thought that it would never get to this point . In June 2013 , when the Senate bill passed , administration insiders thought that the House would put a new law on Obama 's desk to sign . Officials reasoned that if the Republican Party was ever going to capture the White House again , it needed to mend fences with Hispanic voters after Mitt Romney was wiped out among the crucial voting block in 2012 . "  It was clear there was going to be momentum for this , " the official said . Knowing his political brand was radioactive for Boehner , Obama deliberately stepped back in the days after the Senate bill passed . But his patience began to fray as the months dragged on . All the time , Obama was feeling heat from immigration activists in his liberal political base -- so much so that he made a series of statements to the effect that he could n't just lash out and fix immigration on his own . Those comments -- intended to give the House space to do its work -- have instead come back to haunt him and are ammunition for Republicans who say Obama knows he is breaking the law . In the end , it seems Boehner did not believe his position was sustainable atop a restive Republican caucus if he used Democratic votes to pass a bill A separate senior White House official said Thursday that the administration had concluded there was no point waiting any longer because Boehner would not promise to bring up a new bill in the new Congress . "  I do n't think there will be a moment when the Republicans wo n't say ` just wait another day , ' the official said . The showdown that precipitated Thursday 's speech happened back in June . Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson were in the White House at a PGA Tour event -- which might have been a rare moment for Boehner and Obama to bond over one of the few passions they share : golf . But afterwards , the president was seething because Boehner told him he would not be sending him a bill on immigration . The Speaker later said he told the president that the American people simply "  do n't trust him to enforce the law as written . " The decision came against a backdrop of a boiling crisis on the southern border as thousands of child migrants were teeming across the border . Republicans charged the human tide was triggered directly by the President 's earlier executive order that offered certain categories of Dreamers -- undocumented immigrants brought the nation as children -- relief from deportation . In a mid-term election year , Republicans had also been spooked by the stunning primary loss of Republican House majority leader Eric Cantor , who was accused by his insurgent opponent of being too soft on "  amnesty . " Obama snapped in an event a few days later in a Rose Garden speech . "  Pass a bill ; solve a problem . Do n't just say no on something that everybody needs to be done , " he said .	Obama presses on where Bush failed on immigration Reform core to Obama 's ` change ' identity White House quit waiting for the House to act
CNN  -- For sailing fans , boxing references do n't immediately spring to mind when describing the thrills and spills of their sport -- even if it is the biggest race of all : The America 's Cup . At one stage Oracle Team USA were flat on the canvas facing the referee 's count as they went 8-1 down in this year 's competition against a dominant Emirates Team New Zealand . Read more : Miracle on the water still possible Then suddenly it was "  rope-a-dope " on the high seas . This year 's hosts of the 163-year-old race had come to their senses -- with a little help along the way from a British Olympic legend -- staggered to their feet , then struck back to level the series at 8-8 . While there 's no suggestion this was a deliberate ploy to take the sting out of their opponents by taking a beating first , as Muhammad Ali famously did against George Foreman , the boxing great would have approved all the same . Even if you 're not a sailing fan it 's hard to beat this race for drama . "  This is as exciting as #sailing gets , ever . 8-8 , " CNN.com Sports Editor Ben Wyatt posted on Twitter . Larry Ellison , the billionaire technology titan who bankrolls the U.S. team , even bailed from his keynote address at Oracle 's annual conference on Tuesday to greet his crew in San Francisco Bay . Plaudits The team 's exploits have put this event in the spotlight like never before , with stars from other sports taking to Twitter to heap praise on Jimmy Spithill 's crew . "  Incredible comeback by the oracleteamusa boys in the @americascup marked by 7 straight victories ... " tweeted IndyCar racer JR Hildebrand . Fellow driver Dario Franchitti posted : "  Fantastic recovery by @OracleTeamUSA @JSpithill and the boys !!! " It was an altogether different vibe on the other side of the world where the America 's Cup is the next best thing for New Zealanders after Rugby Union and the beloved All Blacks . Auckland-based sports journalist Guy Heveldt , made a cheeky reference on Twitter to the "  outside help " employed on the Team USA boat : "  A Kiwi , an Aussie and an Englishman walk into a bar ... And walk out with the America 's Cup ! " He was of course referring to the likes of skipper Spithill , an Australian , British Olympic sailing champ Ben Ainslie and Simon Daubney , a New Zealander . ` Massacre ' But others struck a more sombre tone , intent on penning obituaries for Dean Barker 's team , even before Wednesday 's winner-takes-all decider . "  This is a massacre . I hope the country does not tear Barker apart . But I fear it will happen . This could be worse than the public blood-letting post Rugby World Cup defeats , " New Zealand sports broadcaster , Tony Veitch , posted on Facebook . "  We 've been sitting on match point for over a week . There 's real heartbreak and despair here . Hard to know where this will go , " TVNZ reporter Paul Hobbs told CNN . "  This was meant to be a Disney finish -- a happy ending . Now it 's turned into a Stephen King novel -- a horror show . " "  Emirates Team New Zealand are n't just battling for the America 's Cup now . They may be fighting for their very existence , " wrote Paul Lewis in the New Zealand Herald . He suggested the team 's CEO , Grant Dalton , and main backer , Matteo de Nora may walk if they do lose . Lewis added that two lost campaigns in recent years "  raises the issues in sponsors ' minds of throwing good money after bad . " And expensive it is -- Ellison spent an estimated US$ 100 million on winning the famous old trophy , known as the "  Auld Mug . " "  But  Darth  Vadar likely poured money and effort into the Death Star . People cheered when that blew up , too , " observed San Francisco-based journalist Joe Eskenazi sardonically . Lost faith With a race to go , the American comeback has left most people in New Zealand and beyond very nervous -- even a former prime minister . "  Hard to know what to say : Team New Zealand 8 , Oracle 8 at America 's Cup in San Francisco . All hangs on next race , " tweeted Helen Clark , who was premier in Wellington between 1999 and 2008 . "  Looks like New Zealand is about to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory after losing another race this morning in the #AmericasCup , " posted Australian television presenter Lisa Wilkinson . Ominously , New Zealand bookmakers appear to have lost faith in their crew . The TAB has reduced its odds on a win for its boat as more people start to place bets on an American win . Even with the increased potential payout for a New Zealand victory "  no-one is interested " in betting on the Kiwis , bookmaker Kieren McAnulty said , in quotes carried by stuff.co.nz .	Oracle Team USA fights back to tie series 8-8 after being 8-1 down Their backer , billionaire Larry Ellison , bailed from Oracle conference to see crew Journalist Paul Hobbs : Result greeted with despair in New Zealand The America 's Cup series will be decided in one final race on Wednesday
CNN  -- More than Justin Timberlake , Kanye West , Lady Gaga or Lorde , it was Miley Cyrus who owned 2013 . At least , according to MTV . After stealing the spotlight at not one but two MTV awards shows , starring in an MTV documentary and taking over the network on her 21st birthday , MTV has crowned Cyrus as its best artist of the year . It 's not like the pop star has n't worked for it .  Or twerked for it -- we had to !  Her October release , "  Bangerz , " bowed at No. 1 and features two other chart-topping tracks , "  We Ca n't Stop " and "  Wrecking Ball . " Both singles were accompanied by music videos that became cultural touchstones and almost broke the Internet .  According to Vevo.com , Cyrus ' "  Wrecking Ball " is its most-viewed video of 2013 , followed by the clip for "  We Ca n't Stop . " The former Disney star also nailed her appearance on "  Saturday Night Live " in the fall , when she both hosted and performed . Barbara Walters considers Cyrus one of the most fascinating people of the year , and she somehow managed to end up on Time magazine 's best - and worst-dressed lists of 2013 . Given that , it 's not too surprising that MTV 's news and music teams -- having noticed that Cyrus ' MTV artist page is the most-visited of the year , with her VMAs performance being the most-watched video -- have given her another No. 1 . Cyrus is the third star to take the title , following Katy Perry and One Direction . Neither of those music acts should feel too badly about losing to Cyrus -- they 're both still on MTV 's list of the top 10 best artists of 2013 : 1 . Miley Cyrus 2 . Macklemore and Ryan Lewis 3 . Justin Timberlake 4 . Kanye West 5 . One Direction 6 . Katy Perry 7 . Drake 8 . Bruno Mars 9 . Lorde 10 . Lady Gaga	Miley Cyrus is MTV 's best artist of 2013 She 's had a banner year with a No. 1 album and two No. 1 singles She 's also one of Barbara Walters ' most fascinating people of 2013 Cyrus leads a list that includes Katy Perry , Kanye West and Lady Gaga
CNN  -- The Maldives overturned a six-decade-old moratorium on capital punishment with the adoption of a new regulation this week that allows for the death penalty to be used to punish certain crimes . The Maldivian government enacted the regulation , which makes provision for execution by lethal injection , for the crimes of premeditated murder or deliberate manslaughter . While the age of criminal responsibility is 10 in the Maldives , some crimes under the country 's Sharia laws -- known as Hadd offenses -- have an age of responsibility of 7 . This means that juveniles could potentially face execution in the archipelago . Execution facilities at the Maldives ' Maafushi Prison were being built to carry out sentences . Since reenacted , 20 people have been sentenced to death , although one of these sentences was overturned by the High Court , a report in the country 's Haveeru newspaper said . Local Maldives media reported that Minister of Home Affairs Umar Naseer defended the decision to reinstate the penalty , saying that the Maldives was suffering from overcrowded prisons and a "  lively criminal environment . " He was also quoted as saying that the Maldives was "  a hundred percent Islamic country and there are certain values that we all believe in . " The U.N. and EU have expressed their concerns about the move , which could potentially see minors killed by the state . "  According to the new regulation , minors convicted of intentional murder shall be executed once they turn 18 . Similar provisions in the recently ratified Penal Code , allowing for the application of the death penalty for crimes committed when below the age of 18 , are also deeply regrettable , " Ravina Shamdasani , a spokeswoman for the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights , said in a statement . "  We urge the Government to retain its moratorium on the use of the death penalty in all circumstances , particularly in cases that involve juvenile offenders and to work towards abolishing the practice altogether . " EU High Representative Catherine Ashton was also "  deeply concerned " about the adoption of the regulations and urged the Maldives to retain the moratorium on the death penalty . "  The High Representative holds a strong and principled position against the death penalty , " a statement issued by her office said . "  The death penalty is cruel and inhumane , and has not been shown in any way to act as a deterrent to crime . " READ MORE : Execution , a 19th-century relic we still ca n't get right	Maldives reinstates the death penalty after 61 years Some provisions of the new law mean minors could potentially be executed U.N and EU have expressed their opposition to the decision
CNN  -- How do living organisms become conscious of what is happening to them and around them ? How is it that I as well as you , reader of these words , can be conscious of our respective existences and of what is going on in our minds -- in my case , ideas about how the brain generates consciousness , about the fact that I was asked to prepare this particular text for a specific deadline , along with the fact that I happen to be in Paris , at the moment , not Los Angeles , and that I am writing this on a cold January day . The biological mechanisms behind the phenomena of consciousness remain unclear although it is fair to say that recently our understanding has made remarkable progress . What are we are certain of understanding and where is it that our understanding fails ? On the side of understanding , we can point to the process of sensory representation as an important part of consciousness . Most of what we are conscious of  conceivably all that we are conscious of  consists of representations of objects and events in the sensory modalities in which our brains trade , for example , vision , hearing , touching , smelling , taste , sensing the state of our body 's interior . Mapping , in other words . Our brains , at all the levels of their organization , are inveterate makers of maps , simple and not so simple , and as far as I can gather , we only become conscious of the things and actions that the sensory systems help us map . We depend , for the business of consciousness , on constructing maps of the most varied features and events . We construct those maps in brain regions that serve as platforms for this natural process of cartography . These are regions where signals about topographic and topological relationships among components of objects and actions can be broken down and assembled in a manner that corresponds to the way in which they happen in the objects and actions themselves . But while mapped representations are a necessity for consciousness , as far as I can imagine , they are not sufficient for consciousness to occur . For example , several orders of computers aboard a Boeing 747 represent with great fidelity many parts of the airplane body -- moving parts of the wings , undercarriage , rudder -- not to mention outside temperature , wind speeds , levels of fuel , and so forth . And yet we do not expect even the most integrated computer among the 747 's computer family to be "  conscious " of what goes on in the plane , except in a metaphorical sense . That top computer knows a lot about the plane 's behavior but it does not "  know , " in the sense that the reader and I know , at this very moment , that we are alive and puzzling over the mysteries of consciousness . What is different about us ? Plenty , I would say . Beginning at the top of the scale of differences , the 747 lacks a self in the sense that you and I have one . I have proposed that selves are built from , but not limited to , myriad , integrated representations of the structure and operations of our bodies , and of the sum total of memories of what has happened to our own body in its history . The 747 does not have the equivalent of that part of a self for the very good reason that it does not need one to comply with the demands of its captain . But we do . There is an even deeper difference , however , that has to do with the issue of feeling . An integral part of the notion of self , beginning at the lowest level of self -- the primordial self and present all the way up to the autobiographical self -- is the fact that we feel the living body to which experiences are happening . We feel our body as it lives in the world and wanders in it . We experience everything we map through our senses because we feel the body that is the site of all the mappings . Or to put it more clearly , when we move about or see an object , or hear a voice , we feel the changes that such actions and perceptions caused in our organism . I believe to be conscious of our perceptions is to have ongoing representations of streams of events that affect our bodies , cause feelings , and become felt representations . Representing and feeling are dovetailed phenomena that sit at the rock bottom of experience . As we unravel the biological mechanisms behind feeling I suspect we will come to uncover their origins at the level of single neurons . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Antonio Damasio .	Antonio Damasio asks : How do we become conscious of the things around us ? In a TED Talk , he describes scientific findings about the nature of consciousness Our minds make maps of all the things we see , hear and sense , he says Damasio : We need more than the maps ; it takes a sense of self to be fully conscious
CNN  -- The world 's top golfers will play together at next week 's U.S. Open as organizers have chosen to bring together big names for the season 's second major . Top-ranked Luke Donald will line up with defending champion Rory McIlroy and No. 3 Lee Westwood for the first two rounds at San Francisco 's Olympic Club next Thursday and Friday . And in another stellar group , 14-time major winner Tiger Woods will play with Masters champion Bubba Watson and five-time U.S. Open runner-up Phil Mickelson -- ranked fourth , fifth and 12th respectively . Woods comes into the tournament on the back of his 73rd PGA Tour victory at the Memorial Tournament , where he tied its host Jack Nicklaus in second place on the all-time list behind Sam Snead . The former world No. 1 's last major win came at the 2008 U.S. Open , when he triumphed in a playoff despite a serious knee injury . Four-time major winner Mickelson pulled out of last week 's Ohio event after shooting 79 in his opening round , citing fatigue after a hectic schedule including his wife 's 40th birthday . Mickelson 's rivalry with Woods has provided many of golf 's great moments in the past two decades . They played together at Torrey Pines in 2008 when Woods won his fourth U.S. Open , but their last pairing at a major was the 2009 Masters -- where Mickelson was fifth and Woods tied sixth . Watson has played only twice since April 's Augusta triumph , finishing 18th in New Orleans and then missing the cut at Muirfield Village last week . McIlroy also missed the cut at the Memorial , his third in a row . The Northern Irishman is playing at the St. Jude Classic in Memphis this week , and carded a two-under par 68 in his opening round on Thursday . It left him in touch with the early leaders , but the 23-year-old reach just half of his greens in regulation and found less than half of his fairways in the first round . St. Jude Classic leaderboard He will need to be more accurate at the tree-lined Olympic Club , which has been totally revamped since it hosted the U.S. Open in 1998 and is expected to provide a stern test . If he wins in Memphis , he will take back the top spot from Donald . Donald has taken a break this week after finishing 12th at the Memorial , and he will be seeking his first major along with fellow Englishman and former world No. 1 Westwood . Westwood is playing at the European Tour 's Scandinavian Masters in Sweden , where he has a three-stroke lead at the halfway stage . The 39-year-old shot 64 in his second round on Thursday as he seeks his third victory at the event , having won it in 2000 and 1996 -- his first professional title . In other notable groups next week , McIlroy 's compatriot Graeme McDowell -- the 2010 U.S. Open champion -- will play with 2003 winner Jim Furyk and another former world No. 2 , Sergio Garcia of Spain . South Africa 's two-time U.S. Open champion Ernie Els will play with 2006 winner Geoff Ogilvy of Australia and Argentina 's Angel Cabrera , who won it in 2007 and the Masters two years later . U.S. Ryder Cup captain Davis Love came through Monday 's qualifying and will line up alongside Ireland 's three-time major champion Padraig Harrington and fellow American veteran David Toms . Retief Goosen , another South African to have won the tournament twice , will play with former world No. 1 Vijay Singh and 2007 Masters champion Zach Johnson , who has won once on the PGA Tour this season . There will be an all-South Korean grouping consisting of eight-time PGA Tour winner K.J. Choi , fellow veteran Y.E. Yang  who famously headed off Woods to take the 2009 PGA Championship  and promising 25-year-old K.T. Kim -- who played for the International team at last year 's Presidents Cup . The field also includes Casey Martin , who came through qualifying this week to earn his first major start since 1998 . The 40-year-old , now a university coach in Oregon , needs to use a golf cart due to a circulatory disorder in his leg that means he can not walk 18 holes .	World No. 1 Luke Donald drawn with Rory McIlroy and Lee Westwood for U.S. Open Tiger Woods will play alongside Phil Mickelson and Masters champion Bubba Watson Woods is seeking his third U.S. Open title , while Mickelson has been runner-up five times The tournament features the return of Casey Martin , who needs to use a golf cart
CNN  -- Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger : On January 15 , 2009 , the airline captain , along with co-pilot Jeff Skiles , guided US Airways Flight 1549 into the Hudson River , saving the lives of all 155 people on board . In his autobiography , "  Highest Duty , " the celebrated flier wrote that the landing was not a miracle , but rather the result of decades of practice and training . On Wednesday , Sullenberger , 59 , announced his retirement . In the statement he released , he spoke of his passion for the profession , and he mentioned Skiles by name . He wrote , "  Each generation of pilots hopes that they will leave their profession better off than they found it . In spite of the best efforts of thousands of my colleagues , that is not the case today . " Sullenberger wrote that he would remain an advocate for aviation safety and for piloting . "  I will work to remind the entire industry -- and those who manage and regulate it - that we have a sacred duty to our passengers to do the very best that we know how to do . " Flight attendant Doreen Welsh , who served on Flight 1549 with Sullenberger , also announced her retirement from US Airways yesterday . Final flight for ` Sully ' ` Miracle on Hudson ' pilot retires Whitney Thompson : California 's Arnold Schwarzenegger , like many governors across the nation , faces severe budget problems . Schwarzenegger has called for "  draconian " spending cuts to deal with a shortfall of nearly $ 20 billion . The state 's public education system has been feeling the pain , and students and teachers are screaming loudly . Last fall , students held a series of protests on the UC Berkeley campus after the announcement last summer of a 32 percent tuition hike throughout the state 's university system . Those protests grew into a movement , and Thursday , rallies , marches , demonstrations and teach-ins are scheduled across the state under a "  Day of Action " banner . There are also protests planned in more than 30 other states to fight further budget cuts , layoffs and furloughs . Whitney Thompson , 23 , from Yuma , Arizona , is a "  super-senior " at Fresno State University . She plans to get her degree in history next fall . She is part of a statewide organization called Students for a Quality Education . Thompson will be speaking Thursday at a rally on the Fresno State campus . "  We 're being denied access to quality affordable , education , " she told CNN on Wednesday . It keeps worsening every year . We 're paying more and getting less . They eliminated 1000 classes on my campus alone , including four I was enrolled in , and I had already paid for them . And then on top of that , I had to pay 32 percent more in tuition . " Students across U.S. plan to protest education funding cuts Protests of tuition increase continue on California campuses Patricia Overy : The 40-year-old accounting technician and mother of four announced Monday at the City of Lathrop , California , council meeting that she was voluntarily giving up her job . The Manteca Bulletin reported that Overy made the decision in order to save the job of a 60-year-old coworker , Sharon Singleton . The city 's budget deficit is $ 648,000 , and Overy told CNN Wednesday that 11 city jobs needed to be eliminated . She had long discussions with her husband , Robert , about her seven years at work and how close she had become with her coworkers . "  There are a lot of mothers with kids , " she said . "  You know what their favorite crayon colors are . You talk about what you ate for dinner . I thought that I could possibly cope with the loss of a job better than my coworkers . " So her last day was Tuesday , and she 's looking forward to spending time with her kids -- ages 14 , 7 and 4-year-old twins -- before she looks for work again . "  I feel happy for what I did . I feel that I am so blessed , " she said . "  I care about people , and that 's how I was raised , " she said . "  Everyday I live my life and think about what positive influence I could have . I 'm not perfect , but I try to do my best . " Singleton 's last day on her job would have been Thursday . The Manteca Bulletin : Worker 's unselfish act Matthew McCabe : Reps. Dana Rohrabacher , R-California , and Dan Burton , R-Indiana , will be joined at a news conference Thursday by accused Navy SEAL Matthew McCabe , as well as more than a dozen retired Navy SEALs , to renew calls for the exoneration of the "  Navy SEAL 3 . " In September 2009 , McCabe , Petty Officer 1st Class Julio Huertas and Petty Officer 2nd Class Jonathan Keefe were part of the SEAL team that captured and allegedly mistreated al-Qaeda leader Ahmed Hashim Abed , considered one of the most wanted terrorists in Iraq . Abed is the suspected planner behind the 2004 killing , burning and mutilation of four American contractors in Fallujah , Iraq . Abed complained to investigators that the SEALs punched him during his detention . There were arraigned in military court on charges of giving false statements to investigators and abusing Abed . In January , a judge ruled that Keefe and Huertas will have their cases heard in Iraq next month . Petty Officer 2nd Class McCabe , 24 , faces a special court martial on May 3 at the naval base in Norfolk , Virginia . The case against the Navy SEALs sparked outrage that the sailors are being tried at all for handling a suspect in the contractors ' murders , one of the most notorious incidents in the war . The killings got widespread news coverage when the burned bodies of two of the contractors were paraded through the streets of Fallujah and hanged from a bridge as their captors cheered . At today 's news conference , Burton and Rohrabacher will present signed petitions of support from more than 100,000 Americans calling for the SEALs ' exoneration . If found guilty , the SEALs face a maximum sentence of a year in a military prison , demotion to the lowest Navy rank , a cut in pay and a bad conduct discharge . Yesterday , McCabe 's attorney , Neal Puckett , told CNN that his client is pleading not guilty . "  He continues routine training where he works in the Norfolk area . He 's completely supported by the chain of command and all of the other SEALs . He 's hoping for a good outcome , " Puckett said . "  He 's in good spirits and believes he 'll be acquitted . " 2 Navy SEAL cases moved to Iraq Jose Theodore : The goalie of the Washington Capitals hockey team talked for the first time this week to the Washington Post about the death of his 2-month-old son who died last August from respiratory complications . Chace Theodore was born five weeks early with a neuromuscular condition that has defied diagnosis . To breathe , he was put on a ventilator . Jose and his wife spent most of their son 's 54 days at Washington Children 's Hospital Center at a time when Jose was trying to win back his starting position with the Capitals . The newspaper reports that he had lost the position when he was replaced by a rookie last spring . Sports psychologist Joel Fish says that being a goalie requires "  the highest level of concentration and focus . " Theodore , an intensely private athlete , said , "  I can remember sometimes , it could be a 2-2 game , and you start thinking about your son , or you start thinking about different stuff . " After his son died , Theodore was named No. 1 goalie again , and he started a "  Saves for Kids " campaign . He will donate $ 2 for each save , $ 100 for each win and $ 500 for each shutout during the regular season and more during playoffs to a children 's medical center . The Washington Post : Washington Capitals goalie Jose Theodore copes with the pain of his infant son 's death What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	` Miracle on Hudson ' pilot Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger retires Whitney Thompson rallies against education funding cuts Washington Capitals goalie Jose Theodore honors his dead son
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama announced $ 8.3 billion in loan guarantees Tuesday for two nuclear reactors to be built in Burke County , Georgia . A new nuclear power plant has not been built in the United States in three decades . The new reactors are to be part of an expansion of an existing nuclear facility near Augusta , Georgia , operated by Atlanta-based Southern Co. . The loan guarantees will help create 3,500 on-site construction jobs and 850 permanent operations jobs , administration officials claimed . The reactors will help provide power to over 550,000 homes and 1.4 million people , it said . "  This is only the beginning , " Obama said during a visit to an International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers training facility in Lanham , Maryland . "  We 'll continue to provide financing for clean energy projects ... across America . " The president acknowledged that construction of new nuclear facilities will meet with some political resistance . Nuclear development has traditionally been opposed by more progressive elements of the Democratic Party . But nuclear power , he said , remains the country 's largest source of fuel that produces no carbon emissions . "  To meet our growing energy needs and prevent the worst consequences of climate change , we 'll need to increase our supply of nuclear power . It 's that simple , " he said . At the same time , the president argued , traditional Republican proponents of nuclear power should acknowledge that comprehensive energy legislation is needed to help provide incentives to make clean energy more profitable . Any new nuclear facilities , he promised , will "  be held to the highest and strictest safety standards . " Leading congressional Republicans -- including both Georgia senators -- were quick to praise Obama 's decision . "  This announcement represents a step in the right direction , " said Sen. Saxby Chambliss , R-Georgia . "  The power generated by -LSB- the Burke County facility -RSB- is safe , reliable , emissions-free and environmentally responsible . " Nuclear power critics , on the other hand , slammed the administration 's decision to back the construction of new reactors . "  The last thing Americans want is another government bailout for a failing industry , but that 's exactly what they 're getting from the Obama administration , " energy analyst Ben Schreiber said in a press release issued this past weekend . Schreiber works for the progressive group Friends of the Earth , which opposes nuclear power . "  The Department of Energy is putting taxpayers on the hook for bailing out costly and dangerous nuclear reactor projects when the loans used to finance those projects default . This is great news for Wall Street but a bad deal for Main Street . " The risk of default is high , Schreiber argued , while nuclear power "  remains unsafe and dirty . " Energy Secretary Steven Chu , in turn , claimed that modern nuclear reactors are far safer than those built prior to the accident at Pennsylvania 's Three Mile Island in 1979 . Chu also told reporters in a conference call that one of the reasons the Georgia facility was the first to receive a federal loan guarantee is the project 's low probability of default . He added that the administration is now considering at least a half-dozen additional loan applications for nuclear facilities . We are working "  as hard and as fast as we can " to "  recapture the lead in nuclear technology , " Chu said . America has been "  sitting on the sidelines ... for far too long . " Obama 's proposed fiscal year 2011 budget triples loan guarantees for nuclear power plants to over $ 54 billion , the White House noted . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux , Evan Glass , Deirdre Walsh and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Modern reactors far safer than pre-Three Mile Island reactors , energy secretary says NEW : Loan applications for more nuclear facilities being considered , Steven Chu says NEW : GOP senator from Georgia praises Obama 's decision as "  a step in the right direction " 3,500 on-site construction jobs and 850 permanent operations jobs projected , officials say
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran revoked the press cards of Reuters staff in the country after the news agency ran a mistaken headline saying Iran was training female Ninja assassins , Iran 's official news agency reported Tuesday . "  All activities of the Reuters office in Tehran have been temporarily suspended , " said Mohammad Javad Aghajari , the Culture Ministry foreign media department director general , IRNA said . The controversy stems from a Reuters video showing women clad head to toe in black , running up walls and flipping backwards and diving and rolling over swords held at waist heights . The Culture Ministry official accused Reuters of calling the martial arts students terrorists , when in fact they are "  university students and housewives " who "  engaged in this sport because of their love for the sport . " Reuters acknowledged the video report in February "  contained an error " and that the headline was changed after a complaint . The story 's headline , "  Thousands of female Ninjas train as Iran 's assassins , " was corrected to read "  Three thousand women Ninjas train in Iran , " Reuters said in a statement . Eleven Reuters staff members in Tehran were told to hand in their press cards over the incident , Reuters said . " "  We acknowledge this error occurred and regard it as a very serious matter , " editor-in-chief Stephen J. Adler said , saying the company "  conducted an internal review and have taken appropriate steps to prevent a recurrence . " He said Reuters was in talks to restore its journalists ' accreditation . IRNA said authorities would review the case . Iran 's own government-run Press TV ran a similar video story earlier in the year showing even more frenetic martial arts moves , including women leaping onto each other 's shoulders and flipping them over . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Reuters runs a headline saying Iran is training female ninja assassins It admits the headline is wrong and changes it Iran revokes the press cards of 11 Reuters staff in Tehran
CNN  -- Is the anger in American politics edging towards violence ? A man is shown legally carrying a rifle at a protest against President Obama in Phoenix , Arizona . About a dozen protesters carrying guns gathered this week , not far from a building where President Barack Obama was talking to the public about his plans to reform U.S. healthcare . One of them had a rifle slung over his shoulder , a handgun in a holster and bullets in his back pocket . Last week , a man protested outside another Obama healthcare meeting with a gun strapped to his thigh . It may be hard to believe but it was n't illegal . The meetings were held in parts of the U.S. that restrict concealed weapons but allow them to be carried freely if they 're in plain sight . A small number of activists make a point of exercising that right . The right has limits . The Secret Service can bar anyone with a gun from entering the buildings where the president was speaking . The protesters stayed far enough away to avoid trouble , though one man was arrested for trespassing and police found a gun in his car . In both places , the protesters said they opposed the president 's plans for healthcare but meant him no harm . "  An armed society is a polite society , " said William Kostric . Should people be allowed to own guns ? Sound off below Lately , the United States has been anything but polite . The healthcare reform plan has sparked the angriest opposition that the president has encountered since taking office . Most of the ire has been directed at lawmakers , who have also been meeting voters to discuss the plan . They 've been interrupted , insulted and threatened . Obama does n't attend those meetings but he 's hardly overlooked . A protester outside one meeting held up a sign saying "  Death to Obama " and "  Death to Michelle and her two stupid kids . " Is the president in danger ? When it comes to armed protesters standing outside a building while the president is inside , a Secret Service spokesman told CNN "  of course not . " But Americans remember the assassinations of presidents from Abraham Lincoln to John Kennedy and the attack that wounded Ronald Reagan . Now , Barack Obama 's trips across the country to talk about health may be attracting people with guns . It 's an odd and unsettling thing .	Anti-Obama protesters demonstrate with weapons near where president speaking In some parts of U.S. it is legal to carry weapons so long as they are in plain sight Pro-gun lobby says "  an armed society is a polite society " Sight of protesters bearing arms "  odd and unsettling , " says Mann
CNN  -- Ukraine has suspended one of their top Olympic officials after an investigation alleged he was willing to sell up to 100 tickets for the London Games on the black market . A probe by the BBC , a British broadcaster , made the claims about Volodymyr Gerashchenko , a senior member of the Ukraine National Olympic Committee  UNOC  . Gerashchenko , who has been part of the UNOC since 1997 , was told of his suspension Wednesday by president Sergey Bubka , the former pole vaulting legend . A statement on UNOC 's website quoyed Bubka as saying : "  As President of the Ukraine NOC , I am committed to maintaining the highest standards and ethics within the Olympic Movement . "  I am deeply concerned about these allegations and I have ordered an immediate investigation in Ukraine . I have briefly spoken with General Secretary Gerashchenko and informed him that he is suspended pending this investigation . "  I have also spoken to  London Organising Committee of the Olympic Games  chairman Sebastian Coe since I learnt of this news and informed him that I will ensure that we fully co-operate with any subsequent investigation that takes place in London . "  There has never been a situation where we have had a surplus number of tickets and those that we have received will all be distributed using official channels . "  London 2012 is going to be a spectacular celebration of sport and it is imperative that tickets are distributed to deserving recipients . " However , AFP reported that Bubka 's deputy , Viktor Korzh , was dubious about the veracity of the BBC 's claims . "  I still have great doubts about this and think that the whole story could come to nothing , " he is said to have told reporters . In their undercover operation , the BBC alleged Gerashchenko told a reporter he was willing to sell up to 100 tickets . He said : "  I understand you 're a dealer -- that 's why for me , you are priority number one , the top , the person , in case we have extra tickets to contact you , we contact you . " When the charges were put to him , he is said to have responded that he "  never planned to sell tickets in the UK , " and had been making "  diplomatic talk to satisfy the persistent interest of the ticket dealer . "	Senior member of Ukraine National Olympic Committee  UNOC  suspended Volodymyr Gerashchenko said to have agreed to sell 100 Games tickets on black market Gerashchenko suspended by UNOC president Sergey Bubka Wednesday
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has some apple picking to do . Clinton placed a bet on the women 's World Cup finals with her Japanese counterpart -- New York apples for Japanese pears . The Japanese women 's soccer team won the World Cup Sunday after defeating the United States on penalty kicks . Clinton alluded to the bet in a phone call she placed to the U.S. team to wish them luck ahead of the game . At the time , she did n't say what the bet with Japan 's Foreign Minister Takeaki Matsumoto entailed . "  I am sorry I ca n't be there with you tonight , but I sent my very best good luck charm for one extra bit of luck : my daughter Chelsea , " Clinton told them . Her daughter Chelsea Clinton was among those who attended Sunday 's game in Frankfurt , part of a delegation that included Jill Biden , wife of the U.S. vice president .	Clinton bets apples for pears with her Japanese counterpart She tells the U.S. team she is sending her best good luck charm : Chelsea
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama spoke Thursday with the leaders of France , Italy and the United Kingdom on coordinating an international response to the crisis in Libya , the White House said . In separate phone conversations with French President Nicolas Sarkozy , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and British Prime Minister David Cameron , Obama "  expressed his deep concern with the Libyan government 's use of violence which violates international norms and every standard of human decency , and discussed appropriate and effective ways for the international community to immediately respond , " the White House statement said . While some critics say the Obama administration has been slow to react to the deteriorating situation in Libya , the statement said Thursday 's discussions were to "  coordinate our urgent efforts to respond to developments and ensure that there is appropriate accountability . " "  The leaders discussed the range of options that both the United States and European countries are preparing to hold the Libyan government accountable for its actions , as well as planning for humanitarian assistance , " the White House statement said . U.S. officials have said all options were under consideration , including sanctions and enforcement of a no-fly zone , to try to stop the Libyan government from attacking protesters . A statement by the French Embassy said Obama discussed steps the United States plans to take regarding Libya in his phone call with Sarkozy . "  President Sarkozy presented the measures currently being examined by the European Union at his behest , and which he hopes will be swiftly adopted , " the statement said . "  President Obama presented the measures that the United States plans on taking . " Earlier Thursday , White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters that a range of options were being discussed , but he refused to provide details or specify those receiving the most consideration . Carney said the goals of any U.S. response were to protect American citizens in Libya and compel the Libyan government to stop attacking its own people . "  What we have said is we 're not going to specify which options are on or off the table . We 're discussing a full range of options , " Carney told reporters , adding that it was likely any action would be in concert with the international community . "  We 're interested in outcomes , " Carney said . "  We 're interested in taking measures that will actually have the desired effect , which is getting the Libyan government to stop " killing its own people . On Wednesday , Obama strongly condemned the use of violence on protesters in Libya and said a unified international response was forming . "  The suffering and bloodshed is outrageous , and it is unacceptable , " Obama said in his strongest and most direct statements to date on the unrest in Libya . "  So are threats and orders to shoot peaceful protesters and further punish the people of Libya . These actions violate international norms and every standard of common decency . This violence must stop . " Flanked by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Obama said Libya 's government "  must be held accountable " for its failure to meet its responsibilities , and he emphasized a growing international chorus of condemnation against the situation . Clinton will travel to Geneva , Switzerland , on Monday to join a Human Rights Council meeting . The group , part of the United Nations , is negotiating a resolution on Libya , according to European diplomats who spoke to CNN . Among the elements under consideration for the resolution are a call on Libya to protect its citizens , condemnation of the violence and a demand for an international inquiry and access for humanitarian groups . The president 's public statement before television cameras Wednesday was considered part of an administration effort to counter impressions of inaction and presidential silence involving Libya , with U.S. officials saying the government is considering a range of options to pressure Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . Meanwhile , the United States has been struggling to evacuate its own citizens from the country . On Tuesday , the Libyan government refused permission for a U.S. charter to land in Tripoli . A chartered ferry with 285 people aboard , including 40 nonessential U.S. Embassy employees and family members , 127 American citizens and 118 citizens of other countries , was docked in Tripoli awaiting a break in the weather to travel to Malta , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Thursday . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : The White House says the leaders discussed a coordinated response The French Embassy says Obama discussed planned measures The White House spokesman says all options are under consideration U.S. goals are to protect Americans and halt attacks on Libyan people
CNN  -- Chelsea 's star striker Didier Drogba has been suffering from malaria , his club manager revealed on Tuesday , but the Ivory Coast player will still line up for the London derby against Fulham in the English Premier League on Wednesday . Drogba started on the bench for Chelsea 's 2-0 defeat to Liverpool on Sunday , having missed recent matches against Aston Villa and Spartak Moscow due to a suspected virus . However , the results of blood tests showed that he had in fact contracted the tropical disease . "  A test showed malaria , " Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti told his club 's official website . "  He lost his condition , he lost power . "  Didier had a difficulty to train because he did n't feel good , he did n't have power to train . He was unselfish to play also when he was not 100 percent . " But the Italian said Drogba was now back to health and would be fit for the league leaders ' home clash with Fulham on Wednesday . "  He suffered obviously but after treatment , he will be better , " Ancelotti said . "  One time it was serious , now there is the possibility to treat and come back well . He is okay . Tomorrow he will play . " Ancelotti said Ghana midfielder Michael Essien would return to the Chelsea line-up , having missed the Liverpool game with a toe problem , but Frank Lampard is not yet ready to make his long-awaited return . The England midfielder , who has been sidelined following a hernia operation , is scheduled to make his comeback against Sunderland on Sunday . "  Lampard has been training with us and he is good . He is able to play ; he is fit because he worked very hard physically , " Ancelotti said . "  Physically he is 100 percent -- he just has to be comfortable to play with the ball and with his teammates . ' Meanwhile , second-placed Manchester United have been hit by illness and injury ahead of Wednesday 's local derby at Manchester City . United 's website reported on Tuesday that manager Alex Ferguson had yet to finalize his line-up , with several players having been sent home from training . "  So we 're not in a great position at the moment . Hopefully tomorrow we 're better , but there seems to be a lingering aspect of this virus going around and there 's nothing we can do about it . We 've a strong squad and we just carry on , " Ferguson said . United will be without injured midfielders Nani , Owen Hargreaves and veteran Ryan Giggs . Giggs will miss a Manchester derby for the first time since making his senior debut , the UK Press Association reported , ending a club-record run of 33 appearances against City . City boss Roberto Mancini will be without striker Mario Balotelli , who starts a three-match ban after on Tuesday failing in his bid to have the punishment reduced following his red card against West Brom on Sunday .	Chelsea striker Didier Drogba discovers reason for his recent lack of health Drogba has missed recent matches and started on the bench against Liverpool on Sunday Manager Carlo Ancelotti confirms Drogba has contracted malaria but is now recovering well Manchester United hit by illness and injury ahead of Wednesday 's local derby
The Transportation Security Administration is unveiling new technology this month at several airports aimed at verifying boarding passes and IDs of passengers . A total of 30 machines from three different companies will be tested at Dulles International Airport near Washington , George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston and the San Juan airport in Puerto Rico . Dulles received the first of the machines and began rolling them out Wednesday . "  We feel that this technology is a step up from the current technology we are using today , " said Domenic Bianchini , director of TSA 's checkpoint technology . Each company 's machine looks different , has different software and uses different algorithms , but for passengers they all operate in a similar way . Travelers approaching the credential authentication system scan their boarding pass bar code on the front of a large computer-equipped podium . They then give the boarding pass and their identification to a TSA employee who puts it in a scanner . The computer scans the materials and checks to make sure such security features as holograms and bar codes are present . The passengers ' information from the ID and boarding pass is displayed on the computer screen , along with their photo scanned from their ID . The machine compares all the data collected from the front and back of the ID and the boarding pass . If everything matches , the TSA agent is then prompted to allow the passenger to proceed . "  If there are n't any alerts at all , basically it 's a green light , " Bianchini said . "  They will process the individual and ask them to proceed to the checkpoint . " If the data does n't match , agents are able to look at screens showing the information scanned and identify where there is a discrepancy and potentially find a fraudulent ID or boarding pass . "  We 'll be able to look and see what specific security feature may have caused an alert and that allows the officer to focus their attention in a specific area , " Bianchini said . Bianchini said he is not aware of any fraudulent documents found so far . One TSA employee at Dulles said he found an apparent mistake by a state which issued a passenger 's driver 's license that provided one gender on the front and another gender in the bar code on the back of the license . TSA spokespeople asked the employee to stop relaying that story , and would not comment on how the devices have worked since being deployed at Dulles . The machines do not save the information collected once the agent clears the data to advance to the next passenger , according to the TSA , and passenger data is not checked against any watch lists or other databases . The devices are designed to check documents in a "  matter of seconds , " Bianchini said . TSA officials would not specify any predicted time it will take passengers to go through the machine , or if it would take longer than the traditional manual ID check currently in place . "  We do n't have data with passengers at this point , " said TSA spokesman Greg Soule , noting it was a pilot program . CNN timed a handful of passengers going through one machine at the Dulles checkpoint Friday . Most people spent about 30 seconds at the machine , however the TSA agent operating it had to call over another agent several times for help . One passenger spent more than a minute and a half at the machine ; another spent two and a half minutes . "  We are getting that first experience . Then , over time , we hope to see more familiarity with that technology and faster processing , " Bianchini said . The initial pilot machines cost about $ 3.2 million , or a little more than $ 100,000 each . The program deals only with document checkers that passengers encounter at the entrance to the checkpoint . It does not change the existing screening inside , including metal detectors , body scanners and X-ray machines . The pilot program is scheduled to expand to Houston on Tuesday and San Juan on April 23 and is expected to last several months . "  Once the testing is complete , TSA will make a final determination if we can roll out one or more of these technologies into the airports , " Bianchini said . "  The intent is to have a system like this at every airport checkpoint in the country . "	The pilot program is aimed at verifying boarding passes and IDs of passengers Dulles airport is the first of three airports to get the machines The program will also be tested in Houston and San Juan The devices are designed to check documents in a "  matter of seconds , " TSA official says
Washington  CNN  -- Nine new graphic cigarette warning labels showing cancerous lesions and other impacts of smoking were unveiled Tuesday by the Food and Drug Administration , part of the agency 's sweeping new powers to regulate tobacco and tobacco products . "  With these warnings , every person who picks up a pack of cigarettes is going to know exactly what risk they 're taking , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told reporters . Sebelius called smoking and other tobacco use the "  number one cause of preventable death " in America , claiming more than 440,000 lives a year . Cigarette packages will now carry one vivid color image and one of these warnings about the consequences of smoking : "  Cigarettes are addictive " ; "  Tobacco smoke can harm your children " ; "  Cigarettes cause fatal lung disease " ; "  Cigarettes cause cancer " ; "  Cigarettes cause strokes and heart disease " ; "  Smoking during pregnancy can harm your baby " ; "  Smoking can kill you " ; "  Tobacco smoke causes fatal lung disease in nonsmokers " ; and "  Quitting smoking now greatly reduces serious risks to your health . " The warnings , which must be in place by September 2012 , will cover the upper portion of the pack both front and back . At least 50 % of the package will have to be covered . In addition , the warnings will have to cover at least 20 % of a cigarette ad . Small ads less than 12 inches do n't require the 20 % coverage , but must still have a warning . Each warning will also have a phone number -- 1-800-QUIT-NOW -- that smokers can call to get help if they want to quit . According to Sebelius , a stall in the downward trend of smoking in America , particularly among young people , prompted President Barack Obama to renew the focus on getting Americans to kick the habit or never start smoking in the first place . It is the first government-mandated label change for cigarettes in 25 years , she said , adding that a major motivation was targeting young people from wanting to smoke . "  Somebody said when they first saw the warning , these are really gross , and they are , " Sebelius said . "  We want kids to understand smoking is gross , not cool . " The new packaging and ads , which must be in place by September 2012 , result from the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act  FSPTCA  , which mandates cigarette packs and advertisements have larger and "  more visible graphic health warnings " as part of an effort to educate the public about the health risks associated with smoking . Margaret Hamburg , the commissioner of food and drugs at the federal Food and Drug Administration , said the nine images chosen for the new packaging requirements were tested for their impact on various target groups , such as teenagers and pregnant women . She noted that a pack-a-day smoker will confront the graphic photos more than 7,000 times a year . "  This will be a dramatic change in what a cigarette package looks like , no doubt about it , " Hamburg said , later adding : "  It will change the consumer response to a package of cigarettes , but frankly , that 's what we want . " Thomas Glynn , director of cancer science and trends for the American Cancer Society , said the old labels have been virtually invisible because they 're small and have been around for so long . He said people have become immune and do n't really "  see " them any more , but the new labels will be hard to ignore and will help focus attention on the problem . "  This is going to be a very important element in the tobacco control tool box , but it 's not a panacea , " Glynn said . "  For smokers , it 's a new and very visible reminder that smoking can harm them , harm people around them , including children . For nonsmokers , it 's a reminder that smokers need their help and concern as far as quitting . The labels are not just for smokers , the labels are for anyone interested in public health . " Glynn says about 20 % of the population still smokes , a number that has been pretty steady over the past five years . He hopes the new labels will jump-start a downward trend and reignite discussions about tobacco use . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , about 443,000 people in the U.S. die from smoking or exposure to secondhand smoke annually and more than 8 million are living with a disease that 's directly tied to smoking . The CDC says smoking is responsible for 90 % of all lung cancer deaths in men and 80 % in women . It estimates smoking causes 90 % of all chronic obstructive lung disease deaths such as bronchitis and emphysema . In January , both R.J. Reynolds and Philip Morris , the two largest tobacco companies in the United States , opposed the required warnings in letters to the FDA . R.J. Reynolds , maker of some of the country 's best-selling brands such as Camel , Kool , Winston and Salem , said the new requirements violate the First and Fifth Amendments . The company said , in part , "  The anti-smoking message is not intended to provide information that smokers and potential smokers can consider rationally in weighing the risks and perceived benefits from smoking . Rather , it plainly conveys -- through graphic images and designs intended to elicit loathing , disgust , and repulsion -- the government 's viewpoint that the risks associated with smoking cigarettes outweigh the pleasure that smokers derive from them and , therefore , that no one should use these lawful products . " R.J. Reynolds said "  by confiscating " the top 50 % of the package and 20 % of the ads , the government is not warning consumers about smoking risks -- it is telling consumers , ` Do n't buy or use this product . ' "  The company is asking the FDA to withdraw the new rule , which it says is flawed , and issue a new one . Philip Morris , the country 's largest tobacco company , supported the FSPTCA legislation . But in its letter , the company raised questions about the constitutionality of the labels . "  Any government requirement that compels a private entity to carry a message not of its own choosing raises constitutional concerns ... To the extent that FDA were to select warnings based on their ability to evoke negative or cognitive reactions -- not their ability to objectively inform consumers about the health risks of smoking -- such warnings would not pass constitutional muster , " the company wrote . It said the sheer size of the warnings violates the First Amendment . The tobacco companies are footing the bill for the new labels . However , Glynn noted that tobacco-related disease and health problems cost $ 95 billion a year . "  The cost of putting the pictures on is at the expense of the tobacco industry ; there is no cost to the government , " Glynn said . "  So this is not the government spending money , and yet what we are going to gain from it is less death and less disease -- and that 's going to save the government money . " With this new move , the United States will be the 40th country to have picture warnings on our cigarette packs , making the country compliant with the World Health Organization 's global treaty on tobacco . Under the treaty , 35 % of a cigarette pack must have warnings and pictures . The treaty has already been ratified by 173 of 192 member nations of the United Nations . The United States is one of 19 countries that has not ratified the treaty , but with the new labels , will be compliant . Countries such as Canada , Brazil and Australia have long been leaders in tobacco control and have had very graphic art on their packaging for years . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Top health official says the goal is lower death toll , health care costs from tobacco Labels include warnings such as "  Cigarettes are addictive " and "  Cigarettes cause cancer " The new graphic labels must cover half the area on cigarette packages Tobacco company R.J. Reynolds says new requirements violate the First and Fifth Amendments
Sen. John McCain agrees that Ashton Carter is "  qualified " for the Defense Secretary position , but warns that he wo n't have much say on pressing national security issues . "  I 'm sure that he 's been around long enough to know that he will have little to no voice in the crucial decision on national security , " he told reporters Tuesday in Washington . Meet Chuck Hagel 's expected replacement as Defense Secretary McCain , who will pick up the Armed Services Committee gavel in January , is likely to chair Carter 's confirmation hearing , if he is nominated by President Barack Obama , which sources told CNN is expected to happen soon . While he thinks Carter will have a smooth hearing , he does n't think he 's the right person to lead the fight against ISIS . And it 's not his fault . "  No one can -LSB- lead the fight -RSB- because the White House , according to his three predecessors , centers all of the decision making among a handful of people in the White House who have only one thing in common : that they do n't know anything about the military , " he said . The Arizona senator has continually attacked the president for being soft on combating ISIS . In a recent interview on Comedy Central 's "  Colber Report , " McCain said boots on the ground is an inevitable reality , but there 's no way of knowing when it will happen because the president has remained passive on the issue . "  It 's a reality , this administration does n't give decision making authority to anybody but three or four people in the White House , which is one of the reasons it 's been such an abysmal failure . " McCain says Carter will have to answer questions about the administration 's ISIS strategy , "  but it wo n't impact his nomination . " Carter is currently second-in-line at the Pentagon , serving as Deputy Defense Secretary under Leon Panetta and Chuck Hagel .	Sen. John McCain says Ashton Carter is qualified for Secretary of Defense position McCain warned that Carter will have little say in ISIS decision making process McCain blames the White House for not involving top members at the Pentagon
London , England  CNN  -- David Cameron spent more than four years tipped as a British prime minister-in-waiting -- a period he has called "  the longest job interview in the world . " Now the Conservative party leader finds himself the occupant of No. 10 Downing Street , the historic central London residence of UK prime ministers , after three successive election defeats for his party and more than 13 years of rule by the rival Labour Party . The Tories , as the Conservatives are also known , only took 306 of the 650 seats in the House of Commons at last week 's election , falling short of the necessary majority through which to govern . Ironically Cameron -- the youngest prime minister since 1812 -- has been handed power through the formation of a coalition with Nick Clegg and the Liberal Democrats , the UK 's third-biggest party , who made a strong challenge during the election campaign following the first ever televised election debates between the main party leaders . For the previous year Cameron had commanded a strong showing in the opinion polls . But who is David Cameron ? His background is far from ordinary . He was educated at Eton , the UK 's most exclusive fee-paying school , before joining Conservative ranks as a policy researcher after graduating from Oxford University in 1988 . At Oxford he became a member of the Bullingdon Club , an elite and sometimes rowdy student dining club , whose fellow members at the time included London mayor Boris Johnson . After a foray into the world of PR -- skills some say have been put to good use in re-branding his party -- and time as a political adviser Cameron 's political career really took hold in 2001 with his election as lawmaker for the Oxfordshire town of Witney in southern England . Cameron and his wife Samantha , who is creative director at luxury brand Smythson , have two young children and recently announced they are expecting another in September . But he credits the short life of his severely disabled son Ivan , who died aged six in 2009 , with sharpening his political focus and making him a passionate advocate for the state-run National Health Service . "  Tony Blair once explained his priority in three words : Education , education , education . I can do it in three letters : NHS , " Cameron said at the Conservative Party Conference in 2006 . Recently on the party 's Web site Cameron wrote : "  Millions of people are grateful for the care they have received from the NHS -- including my own family , " he said . "  One of the wonderful things about living in this country is that the moment you 're injured or fall ill -- no matter who you are , where you are from , or how much money you 've got -- you know that the NHS will look after you . " Cameron 's words were reinforced by the party 's election manifesto , in which it calls itself "  the party of the NHS " and pledges "  never to change at the idea at its heart that healthcare in this country is free at the point of use and available to everyone based on need and not ability to pay . " This attitude marks a major shift from some previous Conservative leaders . Margaret Thatcher , UK prime minister from 1979 till 1990 , encouraged people to use private medical services and proposed tax breaks for private health insurance . Cameron 's appeal to the Tory faithful has mostly rested in the promise that he would deliver an election victory for a party which dominated 20th century British politics but has been out of power for more than a decade . But rather than present himself as a reincarnation of Thatcher , Cameron has styled himself as a new kind of compassionate Conservative who has modernized his party -- historically a bastion of privilege , wealth and establishment values -- by softening its stance on social issues and broadening its appeal by recruiting more female and ethnic minority candidates . "  I want to tell you what I am fighting this election for -- it is the people I call the Great Ignored , " he told supporters at one rally earlier this year . "  They may be black or white . They may be rich or poor ... They are the honest , hard-working people of our country and they are desperate to know that in this great country we can still achieve great things . " Last year at a Gay Pride function , Cameron praised the then Labour government for equalizing the age of consent , introducing civil partnerships and allowing gays and lesbians to serve in the military openly . But while Cameron has played down his privileged background , he has often been attacked because of his social class . An attempt to make him the focus of the Conservatives ' campaign backfired in January when billboards featuring his image were defaced and became the subject of a spoof anti-Cameron viral campaign . The Tory Party leader has also come under fire for sometimes appearing muddled and vague on his party 's policies . In January he admitted that he had "  messed up " over the party 's promise to introduce tax breaks for married couples when he appeared to retreat from that pledge in an interview , forcing his press office to issue a statement reaffirming his commitment to the policy . In policy terms , Cameron has pledged to "  break up big government " and "  take tough and difficult decisions " -- including over the UK 's $ 272-billion deficit . But Cameron has often sought to distance himself from those in his party who have proposed more severe cuts , saying : "  We 're not talking about swinging cuts . We 're talking about making a start in reducing our deficit . " Cameron angered many in his own party last year by abandoning a "  cast-iron guarantee " to hold a referendum , if elected , on the Lisbon Treaty -- an agreement seen by opponents of closer European Union integration as a step toward a federal super-state . That put him on a collision course with the Conservatives ' notorious Euroskeptic faction which split the party the last time it was in power under John Major . In a move aimed at appeasing those critics , Cameron withdrew the Conservatives from the main center-right European People 's Party , forming a controversial alliance in the European Parliament with nationalist parties from eastern Europe instead . But that seemed to risk isolating a Cameron administration from natural center-right allies in Europe such as German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy . Many political observers see parallels in Cameron 's youthful vigor , polished presentation skills and evasion of easy ideological pigeon-holing with Brown 's Labour predecessor , Tony Blair . Cameron and Blair , writes former Labour lawmaker David Marquand in his history of modern British politics , "  share the same winsome grace , the same ability to shift affably over the rifts of interest and the same acute nose for public moods . " But Blair was swept to power on a landslide in 1997 in his first election as leader . He went on to win two further elections , seeing off four of Cameron 's predecessors as Conservative leaders , although he was ultimately undermined by the Iraq war and the perception among his critics that spin doctors were exerting too much influence Cameron 's journey to 10 Downing Street has taken several detours during the past few days . As the senior partner in the UK 's new coalition government , he can expect plenty more in the weeks and months ahead . Simon Hooper and Paul Armstrong contributed to this story	David Cameron is credited with reviving the center-right opposition Conservatives He is UK 's new prime minister after the closest election in more than three decades Cameron attended top school Eton and Oxford University , previously worked in PR Commentators see comparisons with Tony Blair in Cameron 's leadership style
Feeling buried by work , like you ca n't find time for a few days off , like your entire work-life balance is out of whack ? If you 're an American worker , it just might be . A new study has found that U.S. workers forfeited $ 52.4 billion in time-off benefits in 2013 and took less vacation time than at any point in the past four decades . American workers turned their backs on a total of 169 million days of paid time off , in effect "  providing free labor for their employers , at an average of $ 504 per employee , " according to the study . Titled "  All Work and No Pay : The Impact of Forfeited Time Off , " the study was conducted by Oxford Economics for the U.S. Travel Association 's Travel Effect Initiative , which studies the impact of forgone vacation time . "  Americans are work martyrs , " says the U.S. Travel Association . "  Tied to the office , they leave more and more paid time off unused each year , forfeiting their earned benefits and , in essence , work for free . " According to the study , in 2013 U.S. employees took an average of 16 days of vacation , compared with an average of 20.3 days as recently as 2000 . "  The economic potential of returning to the pre-2000 vacation patterns is massive : annual vacation days taken by U.S. employees would jump 27 %  or 768 million days  , delivering a $ 284 billion impact across the entire U.S. economy , " according to the travel association . Based in Washington , the association is a national nonprofit organization representing all components of the travel industry . Does this describe you ? Productivity and stress management trainer and coach Joe Robinson says the issue is driven by a number of factors . "  One , workers are afraid to take their vacations in the layoff era , " Robinson said . "  It might mark them as less ` committed ' than coworkers . "  It 's called defensive overworking . They work long hours and skip vacations to insulate themselves from cutbacks . " According to Roger Dow , president and CEO of the U.S. Travel Association , 28 % of workers surveyed said they 've declined to take earned days off in order to illustrate their dedication to the job . "  They say , ' I do n't want to be seen as a slacker , ' " Dow said . " ' I want to be seen as someone who is really dedicated . ' "  But it does them no good whatsoever . People who take more time off tend to get more raises and promotions . " "  It 's futile , " Robinson agreed . "  People who do n't take their vacations get laid off just like everyone else . " Work force cutbacks and "  device addiction " are other factors . "  Lean staffing , with more and more people doing the jobs of several people , makes it hard to escape , " Robinson said . "  They 're not taking vacations because they have too much work . " "  About 40 %  of workers surveyed  say they 're afraid of all the work they 're going to get to when they get back from vacation , " Dow said . "  Work pileup scares the hell out of them . " "  Another big reason people are n't taking their time is that they are caught up in ` busyness ' and device addiction , " Robinson said . "  Finally , many people are so caught up in the performance identity , worth based on what they get done , they feel guilty when they step back . " Reversing the trend ? A number of studies show that fewer vacation days can , perhaps counterintuitively , lead to decreased productivity . Researcher Mark Rosekind of Alertness Solutions has found that the respite effect of a vacation can increase performance by 80 % . Reaction times of returning vacationers increased 40 % in his study . According to Dow , some U.S. companies , particularly on the West Coast , are beginning to overhaul their vacation policies . "  We 're seeing multiple companies -- Expedia and Netflix and others -- that are doing away with their vacation policies entirely , " Dow said . "  They 've just said , ` We no longer have a vacation policy ; please discuss with your boss and take the time off you need . ' " In addition , companies that have instituted "  use it or lose it " policies -- which do n't allow annual vacation time to be rolled over to the next year or accrued for later use -- find that more employees take all of their earned leave . Dow reports that some companies and organizations , including the U.S. Travel Association , have begun giving bonuses to employees who use their entire allotment of paid leave . Perhaps these companies have become convinced by a growing body of research supporting the long-term bottom-line benefits of time away from work . Author of the books "  Work to Live " and "  Do n't Miss Your Life , " Robinson is also the author of a current Entrepreneur magazine story titled "  The Secret to Increased Productivity : Taking Time Off , " in which he states that "  working without letup is a bad habit that can jeopardize business , health and the life you 're supposedly working toward . " Have you forfeited earned time off ? Are you satisfied with the time you get away from work ? Share your work experiences in the comments ?	Study finds U.S. workers forfeited $ 52.4 billion in time-off benefits in 2013 In 2013 , they took average of 16 vacation days , compared with 20.3 in 2000 With more people doing jobs of fewer people , many have too much work , says consultant
CNN  -- The lawyer for Joran Van der Sloot , the Dutch national accused of killing a 21-year-old woman in Lima , Peru , last year , said Monday he has asked the court to charge his client with the lesser offense of manslaughter . "  In his statement to the police , Joran admitted that he committed the crime , but it was not in the way that the police said it happened , " said attorney Maximo Altez . "  We have submitted a motion to show that he should n't be charged with aggravated murder , but with violent emotion murder . " "  Violent emotion murder " is the equivalent of manslaughter in the United States . Van der Sloot faces up to five years in prison if convicted on the lesser charge and a minimum of 15 years if found guilty of first-degree murder . Altez gave a copy of the motion , dated late last year , to "  In Session . " A judge has not yet made a ruling on it , he said . Van der Sloot has been charged with first-degree murder and robbery in the case of 21-year-old Stephany Flores . Authorities found Flores ' body in a Lima hotel room registered to him in June last year . He is perhaps best-known as the prime suspect in the 2005 disappearance of an American teenager in Aruba . Van de Sloot was arrested twice in connection with the Natalee Holloway case , but was not charged . Police have said Van der Sloot admitted that he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case . After killing Flores , police say , Van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested June 3 . He was returned the next day to Peru . "  My client ... admits having murdered the victim , but not with ferocity , for profit or pleasure , nor any of the other element  s  that make up this murder , but only by violent emotion that overtook him at the time he was attacked by the victim , " Altez 's motion read . The lawyer contends there is no evidence of robbery . Van der Sloot also faces federal wire fraud and extortion charges in the United States , where prosecutors say he demanded more than $ 250,000 from Holloway 's family in return for disclosing the location of her body . "  I hope he remembers that there 's a hold on him and that he faces up to 20 years for extortion here in the U.S. , " said John Kelly , the attorney for Holloway 's mother . He said Van der Sloot is a "  prolific liar . " Van der Sloot is being held at the Miguel Castro Castro Prison . He is spending his time teaching English to the guards and is still in solitary confinement , his lawyer said . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	Defense lawyer has asked judge for lesser charge Joran Van der Sloot is accused of killing 21-year-old Stephany Flores in Lima , Peru , last year If found guilty of first-degree murder , Van der Sloot would spend a minimum of 15 years in prison
CNN  -- Ten years after "  The Nanny Diaries " became a bestseller , authors Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus have released back-to-back new books . A lot has changed in the publishing industry , not to mention in the authors ' personal lives , between the bookends of their careers thus far . "  Over You " is a young adult novel about a teenager who helps friends cope with breakups , while struggling to move on from her own heartbreak . And "  Between You and Me " depicts a famous singer 's public self-destruction , in a story reminiscent of recent real-life celebrity dramas . It 's been a busy decade for McLaughlin and Kraus , both 38 . "  The Nanny Diaries , " their satirical novel about a young woman who looks after the offspring of spoiled Manhattan parents , sold four million copies . It spawned a sequel  "  The Nanny Returns "  and a feature film . McLaughlin and Kraus also wrote "  Citizen Girl , " "  Dedication , " and their young adult debut , "  The Real Real , " in addition to various short stories . But their prolific writing career is n't their only priority these days . The two former nannies recently became mothers : McLaughlin 's son , Theo , and Kraus 's daughter , Sophie , are both 2 years old . The authors live in New York City , where I went to high school with Kraus . The new mothers talked to CNN over the phone about their transition from writers , to working moms , who are also adapting to a shift in the literary landscape . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : How has becoming mothers impacted your writing ? Kraus : We 're definitely more efficient than we 've ever been before , because we have to be . We no longer have those sweet spot , post-sugar crash , 5 to 8 p.m. hours to make up whatever we have n't gotten done during the day . We have a hard clock-out because we have to be at pickup . We have to do the parts of the day that we love : dinner , bath time and bedtime . And sometimes we get back to work after our kids go to bed , but we 're usually really brain-fried by then , in a way that we did n't used to be . McLaughlin : We 're a lot less precious about getting to work . We 're not getting that perfect cup of tea , and waiting until the morning light is just so , and finding just the right inspiration . It 's butt in the chair , when you get the kids settled , and you just go . The upside of that for our writing creatively is that you 're in a constant state of thinking about the novel . Your brain is constantly firing on problem solving . Are the characters working ? All those hard questions that you have to put the material through are ever-present now . CNN : Would you say that becoming mothers around the same time brought you closer together as a writing team ? Kraus : Definitely . I ca n't imagine what it would have been like if it had been one of us years apart from the other . Because I think you ca n't appreciate how tired you are , or how much willpower you have to harness on some days to focus , until you 've done it . It really is like nothing else . And I think that we have a lot of compassion for each other . We understand what it is when the other has been up all night with their children , if someone has the flu or something . I think it 's impossible if you have n't had kids yet to really get that . McLaughlin : Becoming a parent is such an extreme change in your life . I think it 's invaluable to your sanity to have somebody who understands it and is going through it with you . Just on an individual level , regardless of the work , on a personal level , it 's priceless to have that support from somebody who gets it . You do n't have to explain yourself in that way . It 's just really comforting . CNN : You have two new books out , in different genres . Has motherhood helped you to write something that you would n't have been able to before ? Kraus : It 's funny . We look back at books that we 've finished with a different lens than we have before . Specifically , we talked a lot about "  The Nanny Diaries " in the last couple of years because when we were nannies , we could n't really understand why so much derision and scorn was thrown the way of not just us , but our colleagues . And now that we 're parents , and we 're so dependent on having fantastic caregivers , so that we can step away and do things that we need to do , we 're even more mind-boggled by it than we were before . We are so appreciative of the women who come in and make our kids ' days awesome . And we love that our kids love these women . We appreciate the affection that these women give our children , and the structure , and the education and the discipline . And it means the world to us . CNN : Did you ever consider not coming back to work after your children were born , or was it agreed that you definitely would ? Kraus : Speaking for myself , I was counting the days until my daughter was old enough to start daycare . They have a 3-month -  old  policy . I love doing both . And I am so grateful that I have a career that I am deeply committed to and that brings me so much joy . And it makes me a happy person , which I think makes me a happy mom . I am so psyched when I get to pickup at 5:30 . And I try to make those hours with her as fun as possible because I 've had a good day . Even the tough days are good days . And I am grateful to have both in my life . McLaughlin : I agree to all of that and I think , additionally , it was interesting for me to discover the moments I 've had of : ' I should just be doing this ; I should just be parenting ' have not come ever from not wanting to be working or a lack of passion to be working . It comes from moments where there are n't enough hours in the day . It 's wishing I had more time to do both . I feel really blessed to be able to go to work every day . I have no question that it makes me a better parent . It fulfills me so much that I am able to be so much more present with my son . CNN : Do your kids play together ? Kraus : Not as often as we would like ! McLaughlin : But when they do , they are quite enchanted with each other . Kraus : It was so cute . They kissed each other on the lips goodbye at Christmas . It was painfully cute . CNN : You 're collaborating with Teen Vogue and EstÃ © e Lauder on "  breakup to beautiful " makeovers at Nordstrom stores . Did you approach them ? Or did they come to you ? Kraus : This was Emma 's brainchild . McLaughlin : We reached out . The landscape of publishing is rapidly shifting . It 's a very unstable time for an author . I think we 've been doing a lot of thinking about how we can continue to be out there when we 've lost so much marketing via foot traffic of brick and mortar stores , and the consolidation of retailers . That was so much of how novelists depended upon connecting with readers . So we have been doing a lot of thinking outside of the box about how to do that . McLaughlin and Kraus are signing copies of "  Over You " at EstÃ © e Lauder counters in various Nordstrom stores through December 1 .	It 's been 10 years since Emma McLaughlin , Nicola Kraus wrote "  The Nanny Diaries " Co-authors recently released back-to-back books , one a young adult novel , "  Over You " The pair , who typically write together , both gave birth to their first children two years ago Changing lives have meant their writing methods , points of view have changed as well
CNN  -- He 's done it once -- and now he 's done it again . Roger Federer welcomed another pair of twins into the world Tuesday after his wife Mirka gave birth to boys Leo and Lenny . The Swiss star , who had earlier pulled of out the Madrid Open ahead of the impending birth , announced the news on Twitter . He tweeted : "  Mirka and I are so incredibly happy to share that Leo and Lenny were born this evening ! " Federer and Mirka became parents to twin girls Charlene Riva and Myla Rose in July 2009 . The 32-year-old revealed on Twitter on Christmas Eve that the Swiss sweethearts were expanding their family in 2014 . But Federer would not reveal his wife 's due date or whether the couple were expecting another set of twins . He will now swap new balls for new diapers although he hopes to be back on court in the near future . "  I apologize to my fans and hope to be back in Madrid next year . I 'll be training near my home , and am excited to rejoin the Tour soon . " Federer , a three-time Madrid Open winner , will be replaced in the draw by Poland 's Lukasz Kubot , event organizers have announced . The Swiss played his last match three weeks ago in the final of the Monte-Carlo Masters , where he was defeated by compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka . Novak Djokovic has already announced he will skip the clay-court event as he seeks to recover from an arm injury . With the French Open just three weeks away , Federer will now likely have little time for competitive practice before the year 's second grand slam begins . The world No. 4 has previously intimated he would not play in the French if meant he may miss the birth of his child . "  I 've played enough tennis matches . Missing a tournament or missing a match would n't change anything for me , " the 17-time grand slam winner told reporters last month .	Roger Federer has withdrawn from the Madrid Open The Swiss star 's wife gave birth to twin boys Tuesday Federer already has twin girls Novak Djokovic has already pulled out of the Madrid tournament
XENIA , Ohio  CNN  -- "  It 's the magic of dogs . " Karen Shirk 's nonprofit 4 Paws for Ability has placed 319 service dogs with people with disabilities since 1998 . That 's how Karen Shirk explains the ability of service dogs to help children suffering from autism . "  I 'm sure there 's some sort of scientific explanation , " she says . "  But I call it magic . " Since 1998 , through her nonprofit 4 Paws for Ability , Shirk has helped partner service dogs with people with a wide range of disabilities . It was Shirk 's own challenge in getting a service dog that led her to start 4 Paws . In the late 1980s , while employed as a social worker in the field of mental retardation and autism , Shirk suddenly went into respiratory arrest . She was hospitalized off and on until 1992 , when she was finally diagnosed with a rare neuromuscular disease . Confined to a wheelchair and reliant on a respirator , Shirk set out to get a service dog so she could be more independent -- but agencies turned her down , saying she was too disabled for a dog to make a difference in her life . Frustrated , Shirk eventually decided to obtain a dog on her own . She found Ben , a black German shepherd puppy that , with the help of a trainer , became her service dog . With Ben by her side , Shirk regained a sense of optimism and control over her life . "  He gave me a reason to get up in the morning , " Shirk remembers . "  I went from existing to living . " Knowing there must be others like her , Shirk started 4 Paws in her apartment to help people who 've been told they 're ineligible to get a service dog . "  We do n't discriminate against anyone who has a need , " she says . Since many agencies have age restrictions , she now specializes in providing dogs to children . The dogs help kids with a variety of issues , from mobility problems to seizures , but from the start Shirk wanted to find ways to assist children with autism . "  I knew -LSB- autistic children -RSB- connected to animals , " she remembers . "  I knew that service dogs would be able to help . " She developed a program to train autism assistance dogs , and of the 319 dogs she 's placed since 1998 , nearly 70 percent have been partnered with autistic children . "  The biggest problem that 's faced by families that have children with autism is isolation . They actually quit going out because they ca n't keep their child safe , " says Shirk . Shirk 's service dogs are taught a variety of methods to help keep kids with autism safe . Since many children tend to wander away and get lost , 4 Paws uses a technique called "  tethering , " where the kids are tethered to their dogs while in public . The parent -- who always holds the leash -- ultimately remains in control of both the dog and the child . Many dogs are even trained to track children who stray from home by following their scent . Watch a mother talk about the importance of her autistic son 's 4 Paws service dog " Shirk says service dogs also give autistic children valuable emotional support . They 're taught to intervene when a child is frustrated , reducing tantrums commonly known as "  meltdowns . " But Shirk believes one of the most important benefits is that the dogs are companions to kids who are often isolated . "  For our children with autism , their dog might be the only friend that they have . " Watch Shirk explain the powerful impact service dogs can have on autistic children " Shirk 's 4 Paws for Ability requires that families raise $ 12,000 , on average , to pay for their service dog . Each dog is trained for the child 's specific needs , and the entire process takes between nine and 18 months . In the end , families come to Ohio to meet their dogs and receive training . For Shirk , seeing the kids bond with their dogs makes her efforts worthwhile . Watch how Shirk partners service dogs with children with disabilities " "  I love to see their faces and know that I was a part of that , " Shirk says . "  It makes me feel good . "	CNN Hero helps partner service dogs with people with wide range of disabilities Since 1998 , Karen Shirk 's nonprofit 4 Paws for Ability has placed 319 dogs Nearly 70 percent of the dogs have been partnered with autistic children She started the program after being told she was too disabled for a service dog
CNN  -- What started as a deeply emotional race for Tony Stewart ended prematurely when a blown tire cut short his return to NASCAR . Stewart came back to competition Sunday for the first time since his car struck and killed another driver on August 9 . The crowd at the Oral-B USA 500 erupted in cheers as Stewart was introduced . But after just 172 of 325 laps at the Atlanta Motor Speedway , his front right tire blew , and Stewart 's car smacked the wall on Turn 2 . In the end , Kasey Kahne won the race and clinched a spot in the "  Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup " playoff . Matt Kenseth came in second , and Denny Hamlin finished third . But many thoughts were with Stewart and Kevin Ward Jr. , the 20-year-old driver who was killed at the Canandaigua Motorsports Park in New York . Stewart declined to speak to a reporter after Sunday 's race . But he spoke to the media briefly Friday about Ward 's death . "  This has been one of the toughest tragedies I 've ever had to deal with , both professionally and personally , " Stewart said . "  And this is something that will definitely affect my life forever . " Ward 's death Spectator video from the night of Ward 's death shows two cars coming out of a turn , with Stewart 's No. 14 car sliding up the track toward Ward 's No. 13 car . The two cars get close and appear to make contact before Ward 's car hits the wall and spins out . Ward gets out of his crashed car and walks on the track toward the race cars , which had slowed for a yellow flag . Ward points a finger and appears to be yelling . One car swerves to avoid Ward on the half-mile dirt track . Stewart 's car passes close to Ward , and it appears that its right rear tire hits him . Authorities said Ward died of "  massive blunt trauma . " Stewart withdrew from the NASCAR race in New York 's Watkins Glen the day after Ward died . He also missed races in Michigan and Tennessee . Under investigation New York authorities have been investigating the fatal crash . Ontario County Sheriff Philip C. Povero has said there was no evidence that a crime had been committed . Ward , from Port Leyden , New York , was in his fifth season in the Empire Super Sprints series . He began racing when he was 4 , running go-kart events . When he was 12 , he moved to the faster sprint cars . His father blames Stewart for hitting his son . "  Apparently , Tony Stewart was the only one driving out there who did n't see him , " the father said , according to Syracuse.com . Stewart said that he wants Ward 's parents and sisters "  to know that every day I 'm thinking about them and praying for them . " While the incident hit him hard , Stewart said he knows "  that the pain and the mourning that Kevin Ward 's family and friends are experiencing is something that I ca n't possibly imagine . " CNN 's Jason Hanna , Steve Almasy and Wayne Sterling contributed to this report .	Stewart 's front right tire blows at a NASCAR race in Atlanta It was his first race since his car struck and killed Kevin Ward Jr. on August 9 "  This has been one of the toughest tragedies I 've ever had to deal with , " Stewart said Kasey Kahne won the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway on Sunday
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The death toll from the devastating mudslide in China 's northwestern Gansu province rose slightly to 1,254 Monday , a day after the country paused for three minutes in memory of those who perished . Another 490 people are still missing a week after torrential rains triggered the mudslides on July 8 , the state-run Xinhua news agency said . At 10 a.m. Sunday , Chinese President Hu Jintao and other top leaders paid a silent tribute ahead of a party meeting . At the Dongjie Village in hardest-hit Zhouqu county , more than 5,000 rescuers and villagers stood still atop mudslide debris with their heads bowed , Xinhua said . Large-scale national displays of mourning are rare in China , though the country designated three days of mourning after a massive 2008 earthquake in Sichuan . The country also had a day of mourning after a quake in Yushu earlier this year . China has been drenched by heavy rains and floods since the end of May . More than 400 million people have been affected . On July 8 , heavy rains caused the side of a mountain broke off in the night and tear through remote Zhouqu county , burying some homes and ripping others apart . The path of the mudslide is covered in three to four stories of rock and mud . By Sunday , crews had cleared out roads , allowing for the delivery of relief supplies . Power has been restored to about 76 percent of homes , and wells have been dug to supply more water , Xinhua said .	NEW : The death toll rises slightly to 1,254 , with 490 missing Top leaders and rescue workers pause for three minutes to remember victims Large-scale national displays of mourning are rare in China Roads have been cleared in Zhouqu county
London , England  CNN  -- A British auction house plans to sell off newly discovered sketches done by Adolf Hitler when he was a struggling student trying desperately to get into art school . The 12 charcoal and crayon sketches cover "  typical student subjects " and do n't display a great deal of promise , Mullock 's Auctioneers said . They include two drawings of an elderly woman thought to be Hitler 's mother , as well as studies of objects , landscapes , models , and even a Roman senator . All are signed and some even have Hitler 's Vienna address , Mullock 's said . The sale also includes the original portfolio in which Hitler kept the sketches , which is signed and has his address , Mullock 's said . "  They look quite typical of an aspiring student hoping to get into art school -- tentative and not very certain about his perspective when he 's using pencil and pen , making basic errors by getting the top and the bottom of a candlestick wrong in relation to each other , and so on , " said Michael Liversidge , emeritus dean of arts at Bristol University in England . Letter by Hitler to Britain sells at auction The sketches lack technical skill but are "  not so bad that one ca n't imagine him learning . "  But there 's not latent genius here , and not much beyond a moderate school grade , " Liversidge said . "  Probably if the artist was at school today you would n't encourage him to keep the subject up . " The sketches have been owned by a professional artist who had them for years in his own collection and for his own interest , said Richard Westwood-Brookes , the historical documents expert at Mullock 's . The artist brought the works to Mullock 's attention . Mullock 's plans to auction the sketches April 15 in Ludlow , England , about 125 miles northwest of London . They 're expected to bring between # 4,000 and # 6,000  about $ 6,100 and $ 9,100  each , the auction house said . The drawings all date from around 1908 and 1909 , when Hitler was a "  penniless dropout " trying to get accepted into the prestigious Vienna Academy of Fine Arts to train as a professional artist , Mullock 's said . The school rejected him twice , so Hitler hung around the city , trying to make a living producing watercolors to sell to tourists , Mullock 's said . The rejection by the academy may have had huge implications for Hitler later in life , Westwood-Brookes said . "  Many believe that it was this rejection that turned his mind and unleashed the monster within him , which was to bring forth so much evil on the world , " he said . " ... In a sense , therefore , the academic decision of the art establishment in Vienna can go down as one of the most monumental decisions in all of history . " Nevertheless , Westwood-Brookes said , "  On the evidence of these sketches , you can see why the Vienna Academy turned him away . "	The 12 sketches date from when Adolf Hitler was trying to get into art school All the sketches are signed and some even have Hitler 's Vienna address They 're expected to bring between $ 6,100 and $ 9,100 each at auction Drawings all date from around 1908 and 1909 , when Hitler was a "  penniless dropout "
London  CNN  -- It may be the biggest salvage operation in history , but no one would accuse it of being the fastest . Now , two and a half years after running aground and sinking off the coast of Italy , the Costa Concordia cruise liner is almost ready to make its final voyage . If everything goes to plan , over the next couple of weeks the rotting 951-foot vessel will be re-floated and towed north from the Italian island of Giglio -- its resting place since it capsized in January 2012 , killing 32 passengers and crew in the process -- to the port in Genoa to be dismantled . But let 's not get ahead of ourselves . There 's a lot of work to do before this decaying husk of a ship is back out on the open seas , and there 's a lot that could go wrong in the meantime . CNN contributor Barbie Nadeau is writing a book about the Concordia , so we asked her to break down the big questions for us . What 's happening now ? Before the Concordia can be towed away , it first has to be re-floated . That process starts Monday , when crews will attempt to lift the 114,000-tonne ship off of the underwater platforms that it 's been resting on since it was "  parbuckled , " or rolled upright , last year . The re-floating process will take around five days . 30 huge steel hollow boxes , or sponsons , attached to either side of the Concordia are being pumped full of compressed air to give the ship buoyancy . Crews raised the ship two meters in the first six hours Monday before moving the ship off of its underwater platforms . Crews will now check it for fissures , clean it and attach the flotation devices on each side together under the bottom of the boat with giant chains and cables , creating a false bottom . Workers will then raise the decaying cruise liner one deck at a time by pumping more air into the sponsons . Each deck will take approximately six hours to raise and clean . Once they 've raised the Concordia three decks above water , Italian environmental officials will inspect it for leaks . Then it 's tow time . When will it be towed and how long will it take ? With 60,000 tonnes of salvage gear attached to its 114,000 tonne frame , the Concordia is n't exactly a speedboat . Traveling at a maximum speed of two knots  2.3 miles per hour  , it will take about five days to tow the ship to Genoa , roughly 200 miles north of Giglio . It could happen as early as July 18th , but only if the weather grants the salvage team a clear five-day forecast . It 's just too risky to attempt to tow the decomposing liner through anything less than calm waters . The ship 's been upright since September . What 's taken so long ? Weather has accounted for a number of delays . It was September 2013  more than 18 months after it sank  by the time the stricken vessel was rotated upright , and the ideal time to tow it away had already passed for the year . The Mediterranean is at its most tranquil from mid-July to early August , so salvage crews spent the past 10 months making final preparations for this window of time . Interactive : How the ship was tipped upright What does Greenpeace have to say about this ? Greenpeace has chartered a ship to monitor the Concordia operation . The environmental group is concerned that the ship will leak a trail of toxins into the Mediterranean during its five-day voyage to Genoa , and says the fragile liner should be taken to Piombino , a much closer port that could be reached in a single day . So why is the Concordia going to Genoa ? The port at Piombino may be closer , but it would need to be dredged in order to be deep enough to take the Concordia . The port would n't be ready until the end of September , and by then the weather conditions would make Mediterranean waters too choppy to navigate until this time next year . Costa Crociere , the firm that owns the Concordia , also runs a large part of Genoa 's port . The company wants to bring what 's left of their former marquee ship back to their home port , rather than having to keep tabs on it from afar . Costa also wants to recycle intact parts of the ship -- engine components , plumbing structures , anything else that 's waterproof -- and use them in their other cruise liners . How long will it take to "  recycle " the Concordia ? It will take around 125 workers between 18 months and two and a half years . Once the Concordia 's in Genoa , crews will construct a giant tent over the ship and none of us will ever see it again . The front and the back will be dismantled first , and any possessions that passengers left behind as they fled the sinking liner will be returned to their owners . How much is this all going to cost ? Costa Crociere 's Michael Tamm said the operation has already cost an eye-watering $ 1 billion , and will top $ 2 billion or more by the time it 's done . That 's more than three times the $ 612 million than it cost to build in 2004 . What are the chances of the ship making it to Genoa ? An optimistic 80 % , according to the salvage firm . The worst case scenario was that the ship could fall apart during the first six hours , but things appear to have gone well . The next biggest risk is that it could break while it 's being towed through the waters off the coast of Corsica , which is where the Mediterranean 's currents are the strongest . Is this the end of the story ? Not at all . Once the Concordia leaves Giglio , a company will come in to clean up the mess left by the salvage firms . Giglio 's residents , meanwhile , are debating whether to turn their new underwater salvage platforms into a dive attraction , or to tear them down . Costa Crociere is also being sued by dozens of survivors of the accident , and the Costa Concordia 's captain , Francesco Schettino , is on trial for manslaughter and abandoning ship . READ MORE : Will missing shipwreck victim surface ?	Two and a half years after running aground in Giglio , Italy , the Costa Concordia is being re-floated 32 passengers and crew were killed when the cruise ship capsized in January 2012 Crews hope to re-float the Concordia and tow it from Giglio to the port in Genoa Dismantling the ship could take two years ; the total cost of the wreck is projected to be more than $ 2 billion
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- A verdict on a holy site claimed by both Hindus and Muslims will not be delivered Friday , as was previously expected . India 's Supreme Court on Thursday temporarily stayed the verdict . The order postpones a judgment that will decide ownership of long-disputed land in the northern Indian town of Ayodhya . Supreme court lawyer Mukul Rohatgi told reporters that the hearing on the petition would resume Tuesday . India stepped up security ahead of the anticipated decision and on Wednesday , temporarily banned mass text messages over fears that the ruling might spark sectarian passions . The order came from the Ministry of Communications and the Ministry of Home Affairs to telecommunications companies , instructing them not to deliver bulk text messages "  in all service areas with immediate effect for the next 72 hours . " The northern Indian town has been a religious flashpoint for more than 400 years . Hindus believe that Lord Rama , one of the religion 's most revered deities , was born there . In 1859 , British colonial administrators annexed the site because of growing religious disputes and created separate Muslim and Hindu places of worship there . Two years after independence , in 1949 , the gates were locked after Muslims claimed Hindus had placed deities of Rama in their area . Hindu groups have pushed to build a temple in Ayodhya , to replace a Muslim mosque razed by a Hindu extremists 1992 . The destruction of the 16th-century Babri mosque sparked widespread riots in which more than 2,000 people died nationwide . A court battle over who has rights to build on the site has dragged on for years . This month , Hindus and Muslims were urged to pray for peace after the judgment date was announced , and some Ayodhya residents fled to avoid any violence . Rohatgi said the supreme court has sent notices to both sides in the lawsuit in an attempt to find a compromise over the explosive issue .	Both Hindus and Muslims claim rights to land in Ayodhya The ancient town has been a religious flashpoint for 400 years Hindu mobs razed a 16th-century mosque that once stood there The government braced for more Hindu-Muslim violence and banned text messaging
CNN  -- Gas prices have dropped more than 7 cents over the past two weeks , but risen in some regions stricken by Superstorm Sandy , according to a survey published Sunday . The new national average for regular gasoline is $ 3.47 -- down more than 36 cents over the past six weeks , the Lundberg Survey found . "  This latest decline comes mostly from weak gasoline demand , " said publisher Trilby Lundberg , "  both because we are in the lower demand season and have also lost our daylight saving time . Losing that puts a damper on driving . " Sandy 's impact in the Northeast lowered demand as well , since many people were stuck at home , unable to drive . Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast But because there was also "  great difficulty getting fuel to the end user point , " gas prices went up in some of those same areas , she said . The highest average price found by the latest survey was $ 4.18 for New York 's Long Island . That average was up 26 cents from two weeks earlier . Long Island generally has higher prices than the national average due to taxes . The Lundberg Survey tallies prices at thousands of gas stations nationwide . Good news should lie ahead for consumers around the country , Lundberg said . "  Pump prices may well drop some more form here -- unless crude oil prices get seriously spooked by Middle East conflict or another geopolitical issue . " The current nationwide average is 9cents above the average a year ago , "  whereas most of this year it 's been more like 16 cents , " Lundberg said . The city with the lowest average in the latest survey was Memphis , at $ 3.04 . Here are average prices in some other cities : San Diego - $ 3.80 Seattle - $ 3.49 Las Vegas - $ 3.57 Denver - $ 3.35 El Paso - $ 3.36 St. Louis - $ 3.14 Boston - $ 3.69 Atlanta - $ 3.24 Miami - $ 3.42	The average nationwide gasoline price is down 7 cents over 2 weeks , a survey says But prices are up in some areas hit by Superstorm Sandy , the Lundberg Survey reports Long Island had the highest average in the latest survey Memphis had the lowest
CNN  -- May has been a bad month for relations between Taiwan and the Philippines . Taiwan has reacted angrily after one of its fishermen was killed by a Philippine coast guard vessel last week . It has recalled its diplomatic envoy from Manila , frozen applications from Filipinos seeking to work in Taiwan and held naval drills near Philippine waters . The Philippine coast guard has said the crew of one of its ships fired at the Taiwanese fishing boat on May 9 after it tried to ram a Philippine boat . Manila insists that the shooting took place in waters inside its exclusive economic zone and that the loss of life was "  unintended . " But Taiwan says the Philippine vessel sprayed the fishing boat with bullets in waters claimed by the exclusive economic zones of both countries . It says the 65-year-old fisherman , Hung Shih-cheng , was fatally shot in the back . The souring ties between the two countries are born out of the messy mix of competing territorial claims to parts of the South China Sea and nearby waters by Brunei , China , Malaysia , the Philippines , Taiwan and Vietnam . The areas in dispute include fertile fishing grounds and potentially rich reserves of undersea natural resources . President Ma Ying-jeou of Taiwan on Friday described last week 's shooting as a "  cold-blooded murder , " the Taiwanese national news agency CNA reported . Ma has so far deemed the Philippine response to the killing to be unsatisfactory . His government has demanded that Manila make a formal apology , compensate the losses , investigate and punish those responsible , and start talks between the two countries on a fishing agreement . Among the series of measures Taiwan has imposed this week to show its displeasure is a travel alert urging its citizens not to visit to the Philippines . The Philippine government , meanwhile , has started to show frustration with the Taiwanese stance . "  We did what a decent member , a respectable member of the international community should have done , " Edwin Lacierda , a spokesman for President Benigno Aquino III , said Thursday . "  We have gone the extra mile . " Aquino sent "  a personal representative to extend his apology " and offer financial assistance to the family of the dead fisherman , Lacierda said , according to CNN affiliate ABS-CBN . Philippine authorities are investigating the shooting , he said . He warned that the measures imposed by the Taiwanese government would hurt the economies of both countries . Lacierda also appealed to the Taiwanese people not to hurt Filipinos living in Taiwan amid reports of harassment . But Garfie Li , a spokeswoman for Ma , said Lacierda 's comments about going the extra mile were "  were untrue and totally unacceptable , " according to CNA . The United States , an ally of both the Philippines and Taiwan , has expressed regret " over the fisherman 's death and urged the two sides "  to work together and to ensure maritime safety , and refrain from actions that could further escalate tensions . " China has supported Taiwan , which it views as a breakaway province . "  We have repeatedly condemned the violent killing of the innocent fisherman since the incident happened , " Yang Yi , a spokesman for the State Council 's Taiwan Affairs Office , said Wednesday , according to the state-run news agency Xinhua . "  We have demanded that the Philippine side take the case seriously , find out the truth as quickly as possible and punish those responsible . " Beijing and Manila are already at odds over a different territorial dispute in the region that led to a maritime standoff last year .	A Taiwanese fisherman was killed by gunfire from a Philippine coast guard vessel last week Taiwan 's president describes it as a "  cold-blooded murder " The Philippines says the fisherman 's death was "  unintended " Taiwan has imposed a series of punitive measures to show its displeasure
CNET  -- Months after teasing us at CES with an announcement of Skype 's native VoIP client for the iPhone , the free Skype for iPhone will finally be available to download from the iTunes App Store sometime on Tuesday . A new application will allow Internet chatting via Skype on Apple 's iPhones . We got a chance to sit down with the application 's principal engineer before the announcement was made at CTIA 2009 , to see Skype for iPhone do its thing . While most of the features are n't too surprising -- Skype does want to maintain some consistency across its mobile applications , after all -- there are a few capabilities that are notably missing , and a few iPhone-only perks that are refreshing to see . In terms of navigation , Skype 's VoIP app for iPhone looks more like your traditional iPhone app than it does Skype 4.0 for Windows . For many who already prefer Apple 's sleek interface archetype , that 's a triumph , but those who enjoy Skype 's branding may feel disappointed . Skype 's screens are well organized and use the iPhone 's ability to add filters , for instance , to sort your contacts alphabetically , or by who 's online . There 's chatting as well , though Skype 's flagship feature is its VoIP calling that 's free to other Skype users and an inexpensive per-minute fee to landlines . Calls on Skype for iPhone work only if you 're in range of a Wi-Fi network , so your call quality will in part be at the mercy and strength of wireless networks nearby -- calls will not work over the cell phone network on the iPhone  but chatting will  . Assuming your connection is solid , you can dial a number or quickly call a contacts stored in your address book . iPod Touch users will need earphones with an embedded mic to talk . During a call , you can mute the line , go on hold , or put the call on speakerphone . In the My Info window , you can follow a link to buy more SkypeOut credit online . Taking a photo from within Skype to serve as your avatar image , or pulling a picture in from the camera roll are two iPhone-only features that makes use of the phone 's hardware attributes . Another imperfect , but still neat , feature is the ability to accept incoming conference calls . While you wo n't be able to initiate a call , we 're told , you will be able to jump on one if a buddy invites you in . We hope the next version includes placing conference calls from the iPhone . Skype left a few more skills out of its maiden iPhone voyage . SMS , setting up a conference calling group , purchasing SkypeOut credit directly , and being able to field a second incoming Skype call are a few . File transferring and getting Skype voicemail native on the phone are two more . We expect to see at least two of these added in the next version , but we 'll hope for more . Skype versus the competition Here 's the big question on our minds : will Skype 's iPhone app replace competitors like Nimbuzz and Fring , which focus on cross-network IM but also include VoIP calls with Skype pals even though they 've been available for the iPhone for months ? Kurt Thywissen , the principal engineer for Skype for iPhone , thinks so . He says what the other apps use is a workaround that requires them to channel calls through a server and transcode audio , resulting in poorer-quality calls than Skype can do in its own app . He may be right , but those who IM more than they vocalize probably wo n't ditch the likes of Fring too soon . They might , however , let Skype handle the calls and let another app take care of the multinetwork chatting . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Free Skype for the iPhone will be available from the iTunes App Store Tuesday Calls on Skype for iPhone work only if you 're in range of a Wi-Fi network The feature includes the ability to accept incoming conference calls Skype was scheduled to announce the iPhone app Monday at the CTIA trade show
