CNN  -- Parents often ask me whether spanking is really so bad . After all , they were spanked as kids and they turned out fine . Plus , it 's the only thing that will get their child to listen , they say . Much research has focused on the effects that severe child abuse can have on a person 's mental well-being . But a new study published in the July issue of the journal Pediatrics takes a look at the possible link between mental health disorders and harsh physical punishment in the absence of abuse . The findings may persuade parents not to spank at all . Researchers from Canada found that physical punishment  such as slapping , hitting , pushing and shoving  -- even without child neglect or physical , sexual or emotional abuse -- was linked to mood disorders , anxiety disorders , substance abuse and personality disorders . When does spanking become abuse ? While it may be true that many of today 's parents were spanked as children and are now well-adjusted , previous studies have also shown that those who were spanked are at a higher risk to be depressed ; use alcohol ; hit their spouse or own children ; and engage in violent or criminal behaviors . Physical punishment does n't help , it hurts The American Academy of Pediatrics and the Canadian Paediatric Society discourage spanking and other forms of physical punishment . It is unlawful in 32 countries -- not including the United States or Canada -- for parents and other caregivers to use physical punishment against children . The new study 's lead author , Tracie Afifi , said she believes that physical punishment should not be used on children of any age and that positive parenting strategies should instead be encouraged . Preferred methods of discipline do not include physical punishment . For example , withholding privileges , using time-outs and offering consequences  for example , "  If you throw your toy and it breaks , you wo n't be able to play with it anymore "  . African-Americans most likely to use physical punishment Dr. Howard Bennett , a pediatrician in Washington and clinical professor of pediatrics at George Washington University School of Medicine , recommends praising children when they are behaving well and using time-outs or a process called "  time off , " in which the child must go to another part of the house for as long as it takes to stop the offending behavior and behave normally again . What are your thoughts on spanking ? If you are a parent who uses spanking for discipline , will this study change your mind ? Where do you draw the line between physical discipline and abuse ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Jennifer Shu .	Study looks at link between mental health disorders and physical punishment Other studies have shown that spanking may bring higher risk of depression , criminal behavior American Academy of Pediatrics discourages spanking and other forms of physical punishment
CNN  -- World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki is looking to win her first grand slam crown . Maria Sharapova , one of her predecessors as the top women 's tennis player , is returning to the scene of her breakthrough title . Both players are adamant that their biggest obstacles to success at Wimbledon this year will be the Williams sisters Serena and Venus . The Americans are back on the scene after varying but significant absences . Serena , a four-time champion at the English grass-court grand slam , is playing just her second tournament since winning last year 's final -- her second triumph in a row in south-west London . Can Serena Williams succeed in her comeback bid ? The 29-year-old has spent the past 12 months recovering from a freak foot injury , cutting it in a restaurant and then facing a near-death situation as blood clots formed in both lungs . Her return at Eastbourne last week ended in a second-round loss to Vera Zvonareva , who avenged her 2010 Wimbledon final defeat . Venus , a five-time Wimbledon champion , reached the quarterfinals in her first tournament since retiring hurt with a hip injury at January 's Australian Open . Both sisters are predictably rusty , but are still among the bookmakers ' favorites to reach the final on July 2 along with Sharapova , French Open champion Li Na and -- further down the list -- Wozniacki . Sharapova , who stunned Serena as a 17-year-old in the 2004 final , is wary of the Williams ' vast experience at the tournament . "  They 've been champions here for many years . They 're obviously the ones to beat on grass , " the Russian told reporters ahead of her bid to win a fourth grand slam title . "  They 've been out for a while so it 's definitely great to have them back . " Serena Williams ` back from death bed ' Fifth seed Sharapova could meet Serena -- who is No. 7 despite her slip in the rankings -- again in the semifinals , though she may have to beat Wozniacki to get that far . The 20-year-old Dane is a former junior Wimbledon champion but has never made it past the fourth round in the senior ranks . "  We all know that the game of the girls is perfectly suited for the grass . It 's good that they got a higher seeding than their rankings because no-one wants to play them in the early rounds , " Wozniacki said of the Williams duo . "  I 'm very happy that Serena 's doing well again . I do n't wish for anyone to be in that situation because it 's scary . Serena and Venus are great girls , I have a good relationship with them . " Wozniacki begins her campaign against Spain 's 107th-ranked Arantxa Parra Santonja , who has never made it past the second round at Wimbledon . "  I 've had a good year and won five tournaments so far . I know I can play really well on grass . I 've won Eastbourne before , I won the junior title . I know that I can play really good tennis . " Sharapova will open against compatriot Anna Chakvetadze , once ranked as high as fifth in the world after reaching the semifinals of the 2007 U.S. Open but now 50th as she seeks to rebuild her career . "  I 'm playing a lot better . I played a lot of matches on clay , which I really wanted to do . One of the reasons I love the transition is because I feel like you learn so much about the game when you 're on the clay courts , " said this month 's French Open semifinalist . "  This is one of the best parts of the year for me . It 's one of the toughest transitions from clay to grass , but for me it 's a lot of fun . " Seventh seed Serena has been handed a potentially tricky tie against Aravane Rezai of France , while 23rd seed Venus faces Akgul Amanmuradova of Uzbekistan in the other half of the draw . Meanwhile , Marion Bartoli boosted her hopes of a repeat of her 2007 Wimbledon exploits by winning her first grass-court title at Eastbourne on Saturday . The French world No. 9 , beaten by Venus Williams in the final that year , defied an potentially worrying leg injury in cool , windy conditions to beat Czech fifth seed Petra Kvitova 6-1 4-6 7-5 . Due to Friday 's washout , they both played two matches as Bartoli beat Australian seventh seed Samantha Stosur 6-3 6-1 and Kvitova went through when Slovakia 's Daniela Hantuchova retired with a stomach injury while trailing 7-6  11-9  4-2 . In the men 's final , Italy 's Andreas Seppi earned his first ATP Tour title as Serbian third seed Janko Tipsarevic retired hurt in fading light while trailing 6-7  5-7  6-3 3-5 . Tipsarevic , the world No. 30 , is in doubt for Wimbledon after injuring his groin , the UK Press Association reported . At the Dutch warm-up event in 'S - Hertogenbosch , Italian seventh seed Roberta Vinci claimed her fifth WTA Tour title and first on grass by beating former world No. 4 Jelena Dokic , 6-7  7-9  6-3 7-5 in Saturday 's final . Now ranked 59th , Dokic will play French Open runner-up Francesca Schiavone in the first round at Wimbledon , where she reached the semifinals in 2000 , while Vinci takes on Russia 's Vera Dushevina . In the men 's final , Russia 's Dmitry Tursunov beat Croatian fourth seed Ivan Dodig 6-3 6-2 to claim his first title since Eastbourne last year .	Serena and Venus Williams are the players their female rivals hope to avoid at Wimbledon American sisters have won the grass-court grand slam nine times between them World No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki is drawn to potentially meet Serena in semifinals Maria Sharapova , the 2004 champion , is in the same half of the women 's draw
Washington -- U.S. President Barack Obama will meet with French President Nicolas Sarkozy at the White House on January 10 , according to a White House statement released Tuesday . France is assuming the presidency of the G-8 and G-20 economic groups in 2011 . Obama "  looks forward to working with President Sarkozy to sustain the global economic recovery and create jobs , " the White House statement noted . "  The two presidents will also discuss a broad range of current foreign policy and security issues . "	Obama will meet with Sarkozy on January 10 The meeting will take place at the White House France is heading the G-8 and G-20 in 2011
CNN  -- Most Americans do n't think that midterm elections really matter . The majority of voters come out only for presidential elections . Midterms are left to the most activist parts of the population , the people who like to follow politics in off hours and who care as deeply about who wins elected office as they do about sports teams or celebrities . That 's a big mistake . Midterms play a huge role in shaping American politics , and this year 's could be especially significant . Traditionally , the party of the president does poorly . The 1938 midterm elections created a conservative coalition of southern Democrats and Republicans that stifled Franklin Roosevelt and subsequent Democratic presidents for decades to come . The 1958 midterms emboldened Northern liberals to push a new agenda , while the 1966 midterms killed any remaining momentum Lyndon Johnson had for his Great Society . In 1994 , Republicans reshaped the discourse of Washington by taking control of Congress , while Democrats put a kibosh on President George W. Bush 's initiatives when they took it back in 2006 . This year , the stakes are big . While Republicans will certainly retain control of the House , it is unclear whether Democrats will continue to control a majority of the Senate . The importance of this outcome is enormous and will have huge consequences in the coming two years . Why does control of the Senate matter so much , especially in an era where Congress seems so gridlocked that it ca n't accomplish anything ? The most important reason is that the Senate Democratic majority is the only effective counterweight to the immense power that the tea party Republicans can wield within the House Republican Caucus . House Speaker John Boehner has proved repeatedly that he is unable to control the 25 to 30 members of his caucus who have continued to push the party sharply to the right and who have refused to enter into any kind of compromises with the Democrats on matters such as immigration . Impotent as a leader , Boehner has ironically depended on his ability to tell colleagues that they are wasting their time in the House if they adopt tea party positions that the Senate Democrats wo n't accept . If Republicans gain control of the Senate in November , he wo n't have that check to point to anymore and we can see the GOP shift even further to the right . With control of the majority , Senate Democrats still have the power that social scientists call "  agenda setting . " Although passing legislation is obviously the prime goal of members of Congress , their other function is to get issues on the table and ensure that public debate continues on key problems . By doing that , they can keep legislative proposals alive and when the right moment hits , usually some kind of crisis , their proposals are ready to go forward . Immigration reform would likely have withered on the legislative vine of gridlock had not Senate Democrats sent the House a comprehensive reform bill and kept pressure on the lower chamber to deal with the issue . Immigration reform is dead for the rest of the Congress , but it is an issue people are still talking about and proposals will be back on the table if Democrats have their say about it . A Senate majority is also key to the future of the courts . Senate Democrats scored a huge victory when they changed the rules so that the minority could not filibuster against judicial and executive appointments  other than the Supreme Court  . This has already streamlined the appointment process and resulted in a burst of nominations being confirmed . In coming years , we 're likely to see numerous court battles , including the replacement of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg if she retires . Ginsburg is a vital liberal voice on a Supreme Court that has proved to be increasingly conservative . If Republicans gain control of the Senate , the White House will be in big trouble with its appointments . Republicans will be able to block ratification of a strong progressive nominee and the White House would find itself under enormous pressure to move toward the center in choosing appointments if they are going to have a chance of confirmation . Control over the Senate also matters because it will be one of the first major stories of the 2016 election campaign for the White House . If Republicans gain control of the Senate , it will spark a conversation about 2016 that begins with talk of how Democrats have become weaker politically as a result of Obama 's troubles and how Republicans -- despite all their own approval rating problems -- are on the upswing . This would certainly provide a boost to their party and a good framework for Republican presidential nominees to start their campaigns . If Democrats retain control of the Senate , it would have a very different effect . The storyline for the 2016 election would begin with the ability of Democrats to check the Republican resurgence . The Republican civil war would become more intense , with the right blaming the party 's establishment for crushing more conservative candidates in the primaries and the establishment blaming the right for forcing candidates to take positions that are politically unpopular . The midterms are a big deal . What happens to the Senate will play a very important role in the direction of U.S. politics in the coming years , even if Congress remains in its current dysfunctional state . Americans should not be complacent . Do n't leave the election to the activists . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Most Americans consider midterm elections insignificant ; many do n't vote Julian Zelizer : Midterms can make a big difference , and this year 's vote is huge If Democrats lose Senate majority , Obama 's woes would only grow Zelizer : Democrats would lose influence , and replacing judges would be very difficult
Wall Street protests swelled Wednesday to their largest numbers yet , after local unions pledged support to a third week of demonstrations against income inequality , corporate greed , corruption and a list of other social ills . Thousands meandered from lower Manhattan 's Zuccotti Park -- considered a rallying point for the largely leaderless group -- to Foley Square near City Hall . The crowd then looped back to the park , punctuating a 19-day protest that promotes a wide , if not ambiguous , range of messages . Causes range from social awareness to radical change in America 's financial and political systems , while other participants appeared content to simply get caught up in the spirit of demonstration . Still , while the fledgling movement has struggled in its definition , demonstrators appear steadfast in their general criticism of the country 's wealthiest 1 % and its purported influence . Some carried placards and shouted slogans denouncing corporate excess , while others said they were "  fed up " with high unemployment and a lack of economic opportunity . Still others said they had simply been waiting for a moment to express their voice and kick-start a conversation about inequality . The crowd stretched along a dozen city blocks , chanting "  All day , all week , occupy Wall Street . " The protestors also have begun printing a newspaper called The Occupied Wall Street Journal in an effort to garner an additional media attention . And following a string of arrests , they say they are pursuing a class action lawsuit against the New York Police Department and Mayor Michael Bloomberg for their "  unconstitutional effort to disrupt and suppress " demonstrations . The group seemed to gain momentum after a September 24 pepper spray incident involving protestors and New York police officers . On October 1 , police arrested hundreds of protestors as they marched across a roadway leading to the Brooklyn Bridge , blocking city traffic for hours . Meanwhile , social media sites such as Twitter seem to be spurring similar protests in other cities , though in vastly smaller numbers . Dozens gathered in Boston ; Hartford , Connecticut ; and Seattle , while demonstrations were also scheduled later Wednesday in Savannah , Georgia , among other cities . Demonstrations were also expected to take place in Washington , D.C. , and Tampa , Florida , on Thursday . A Twitter account called Occupy Boston mentions a citywide college walkout there later Wednesday . Elsewhere , the Massachusetts Nurses Association said hundreds of the city 's nurses would rally with the Occupy Boston protesters later Wednesday . The association said the protest would be part of the opening day activities for a national nursing convention in Boston . iReport : Send us your photos , videos In New York , several unions endorsed the Occupy Wall Street movement and planned to join the protesters ' street theater Wednesday , labor leaders said . The voices of #OccupyWallStreet "  It 's really simple . These young people on Wall Street are giving voice to many of the problems that working people in America have been confronting over the last several years , " said Larry Hanley , international president of the Amalgamated Transit Union , which has 20,000 members in the New York area . "  These young people are speaking for the vast majority of Americans who are frustrated by the bankers and brokers who have profited on the backs of hard-working people , " Hanley added in a statement . "  While we battle it out day after day , month after month , the millionaires and billionaires on Wall Street sit by -- untouched -- and lecture us on the level of our sacrifice . " Transport Workers Union Local 100 spokesman Jim Gannon said the Occupy Wall Street movement , which denounces social inequities in the financial system and draws inspiration from the Arab Spring revolutions in Africa and the Middle East , has advanced issues that unions typically support . "  Their goals are our goals , " Gannon said . "  They brought a spotlight on issues that we 've believed in for quite some time now . ... Wall Street caused the implosion in the first place and is getting away scot-free while workers , transit workers , everybody , is forced to pay for their excesses . "  These young folks have brought a pretty bright spotlight , " Gannon added . "  It 's kind of a natural alliance . " Time magazine : ` Indignados ' occupy Wall Street President Michael Mulgrew of the United Federation of Teachers , the sole bargaining agent for most nonsupervisory New York City public teachers , with 200,000 members , said he was proud to support the demonstrators . "  The way our society is now headed , it does not work for 99 % of people , so when Occupy Wall Street started ... they kept to it and they 've been able to create a national conversation that we think should have been going on for years , " Mulgrew said . The labor officials could n't provide a projection of how many of their members will take the day off from work Wednesday and join the protests . View a high-resolution gallery of the protests In New York , the demonstrators have camped out in Zuccotti Park , calling for 20,000 people to flood the area for a "  few months . " The protest campaign -- which uses the hashtag #occupywallstreet on the microblogging site Twitter -- began in July with the launch of a campaign website calling for a march and sit-in at the New York Stock Exchange . And for more than two weeks , demonstrations have addressed issues such as police brutality , union busting and the economy , the group said . Open Story : Occupy Wall Street protests Occupy Wall Street is a leaderless movement made up largely of twenty-somethings upset about the economy , the Afghanistan war , the environment , and the state of America and the world in general . In less than three weeks , the movement has become a magnet for countless disaffected Americans at a time when an overwhelming majority of U.S. adults say the country is on the wrong track . Wall Street protesters inspired by Arab Spring movement Besides the other cities , protests have also been held in Chicago and Los Angeles . Occupy Wall Street and its offshoots have clear strains of liberal economic populism -- a powerful force in U.S. history during times characterized by economic stress . That said , it would be a mistake to label or tie the movement to a specific agenda , said Susan Olzak , a Stanford University sociology professor . "  It 's difficult to classify a social protest movement early on in its history , " she said . "  Clearer goals could eventually emerge , but there 's no guarantee . " She added , "  Many movements fizzle out . Others become more organized .  But  I think we run a risk  by  taking a snapshot at any one point in time and trying to categorize the movement in any one way based on that snapshot . The only way to study these protest movements is to follow them over time . "	Wednesday 's protests have the largest numbers since demonstrations began The group is printing a newspaper called The Occupied Wall Street Journal They say they are pursuing a lawsuit against Mayor Bloomberg and NYPD Protesters march from Zuccotti Park to Foley Square
So much for old-fashioned air conditioning : What if you could harness the universe to cool your house ? Some Stanford University engineers may have figured out how to do just that . According to a paper in the scientific journal Nature , a team led by Stanford electrical engineer Shanhui Fan has come up with a material that can radiate heat away from buildings and send it directly into space . The wafer-thin material -- just 1.8 microns thick , about 50 times thinner than a piece of paper -- is made up of layers of silicon dioxide and hafnium oxide on top of a layer of silver . It both acts as a mirror , reflecting sunlight back into space , and channels invisible , heat-bearing infrared rays away from the source and into the universe . "  Think about it like having a window into space , " Fan told the Stanford Report . The Stanford team calls it "  photonic radiative cooling , " and if the material is applied to surfaces such as rooftops , it could help lower the need for air conditioning . In tests , the material was capable of cooling a surface by 5 degrees Celsius  about 9 degrees Fahrenheit  . "  This team has shown how to passively cool structures by simply radiating heat into the cold darkness of space , " Nobel Prize-winning physicist Burton Richter , a Stanford professor emeritus , told the Stanford Report . The scientists note that air conditioning currently accounts for about 15 % of energy usage in buildings . Moreover , in rural and undeveloped areas , the material could provide a cooling technology that does n't require electricity , observes Aaswath Raman , who was part of the research team . "  Across the developing world , photonic radiative cooling makes off-grid cooling a possibility in rural regions , in addition to meeting skyrocketing demand for air conditioning in urban areas , " he told the Stanford Report . There are still obstacles , of course . The team believes production of the material can be ramped up into rooftop-appropriate sizes , but right now it exists only as a relatively small prototype . Moreover , the researchers are uncertain how to conduct heat from a building 's interior to the material so it can be sent into space . But the scientists are optimistic . After all , the universe is vast and very , very cold : about 3 degrees above absolute zero , to be precise . Radiating our heat directly into space could help solve a number of problems on Earth , Fan told the Stanford Report . "  Every object that produces heat has to dump that heat into a heat sink , " he said . "  What we 've done is to create a way that should allow us to use the coldness of the universe as a heat sink during the day . "	Stanford scientists create material that radiates heat into space Material is ultrathin and acts as both mirror and infrared radiator If applied to building rooftops , could help lower temperature significantly
CNN  -- A young emperor penguin discovered thousands of kilometers away from its home might survive ingesting a bellyful of sand , New Zealand zoo officials said . The penguin -- whose gender is unknown pending DNA test results due this week -- stunned passers-by when it showed up at a beach north of Wellington last week . "  This is only the second time an emperor penguin has been seen in New Zealand , " said Kate Baker , spokeswoman for the Wellington Zoo , where the bird was taken for treatment . Even more surprising was what the zoo found inside the penguin -- enough sand to fill its stomach to its esophagus . "  In Antarctica , they normally eat ice to cool down and to hydrate , " Baker said . It 's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice . It 's unclear why the bird apparently swam more than 3,000 kilometers  1,864 miles  from Antarctica . New Zealanders have dubbed the penguin "  Happy Feet , " a reference to the 2006 animated movie about emperor penguins . But those at the Wellington Zoo are steering clear of giving the bird a name . "  We get very fond of our patients . If you start naming them , it 's really hard if the worst were to happen , " said Dr. Lisa Argilla , manager of veterinary science at Wellington Zoo . "  We 'll try to avoid  naming  until we 're really happy he 's going to make it . " The bird has undergone two stomach flushes , but getting all the sand out remains a challenge , Argilla said . "  Having sand in your stomach is very serious , " she said . "  It can cause a rupture , that 's my main concern . ... I would assume the sand has abraded the stomach lining . " The emperor had a "  rest day " from procedures Sunday and will undergo an endoscopy on Monday , Baker said . The zoo currently has four little blue penguins , which are native in New Zealand , Baker said . All have been rehabilitated ; one is missing an eye , and one is missing a flipper . But taking care of an emperor penguin is an entirely different story . The bird 's temporary quarters include air conditioning set as cold as possible and shaved ice to keep the emperor cool . Argilla said the top priority is helping the bird recover . If all goes well , the Department of Conservation will decide where the penguin should go . In the meantime , the bird has garnered widespread attention and sympathy . "  I think people have a real soft spot for penguins , " Argilla said . "  Everyone feels really sorry for him . He 's just so lost . " CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	New Zealanders spot an emperor penguin 3,000 kilometers from its habitat It 's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice The bird has undergone two stomach flushes The penguin is dubbed "  Happy Feet " by locals , but a zoo steers clear of naming it
Bayelsa , Nigeria  CNN  -- The stars of African cinema graced the red carpet at the African Movie Academy Awards  AMAA  , in Nigeria , showcasing the films that could make waves on the global festival circuit . The African movie industry gathered in Yenagoa , in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria , for the fifth annual "  African Oscars . " Set up in 2005 by former lawyer Peace Anyiam-Osigwe , the awards have helped raise the profile of African movies around the world . "  African film has a hard time in getting recognition in most film festivals -LSB- outside Africa -RSB- , " Anyiam-Osigwe told CNN . "  I think one of the biggest achievements of the AMAA is that the main festivals now look upon us as a selection process , and will pick those particular films that we 've looked at and carry them on to the different festival circuits . "  The first Nollywood film that the British International Film Festival showed was ` Irapada , ' by Kunle Afolayan , which won Best Indigenous Film at AMAA in 2007 . ` The Figurine ' premiered at Rotterdam this year and has gone on to other film festivals and ` From a Whisper ' traveled the festival circuit based on its win at AMAA . " "  The Figurine , " a thriller about a sculpture with mystical powers , also by Nigerian director Kunle Afolayan , stole the show at this year 's ceremony , claiming five awards in total -- including Best Picture . South African football star Steven Pienaar shares his World Cup dream Afolayan told CNN , "  It feels great -- like we 've not worked in vain . It feels like we 've opened up a new page in African cinema . "  For me , a good story will cut across , not just appeal to Nigerians but will appeal to an average film lover , regardless of the language you speak , the continent you are from , or the color of your skin . " In its first years the AMAAs focused on Nigeria 's booming movie industry -- known as "  Nollywood . " But since then they have become more pan-African . The 24 awards at this year 's ceremony included nominations from across the continent . Nonetheless , in terms of sheer output , Nigeria dominates African cinema . Nigeria is the world 's second-biggest producer of movies , behind only India . In 2006 it produced 872 movies , compared with 485 major feature films made in the U.S. , according to the UNESCO Institute for Statistics . Nollywood movies are typically low-budget -- often filmed , edited and released within a month . Most do n't end up on the big screen . Instead , they are distributed as VCDs costing about $ 1 to $ 2 , meaning they are affordable for the mass African market . But it is Nollywood 's pioneering use of relatively inexpensive digital cameras instead of costly 35mm film that Anyiam-Osigwe says has been its most important contribution to African cinema . "  There is a new wave of African cinema which is mostly the digital revolution , which has gone on from what Nollywood started in the early 90s , " she told CNN . "  Nigeria made people believe they could make films for less -LSB- by using digital cameras -RSB- . That has spread across the continent and I think that 's a good thing , otherwise Africa would not be able to have any kind of production , because it could n't afford it . "  You see a lot of the older generation of filmmakers from Africa who have made only one short film or one feature-length film in their lifetime , because they have not been able to make up the cost of making another film . " Anyiam-Osigwe said that while some older filmmakers still believe movies should be shot only on 35mm film , directors from Malawi , Kenya , and Johannesburg 's "  Joziewood " have now made the switch to digital . She added that while every African country has its own movie-making style , the themes are often universal . "  Everyone tries to do a film that people in their own community will watch , " she said . "  But I 've found that all over the continent we have similar stories -- it 's just how we tell them . " Mark Tutton and Christian Purefoy contributed to this report	African Movie Academy Awards are the "  African Oscars " The awards have helped promote African movies overseas Best Picture winner "  The Figurine " has played at international festivals Nigeria 's "  Nollywood " produces more movies than Hollywood
CNN  -- Hadiya Masieh , a 32-year-old mother , was born a Hindu , received her early education in a Christian school , converted to Islam and joined a radical group in college . It 's a story that makes her feel emotional and nervous as she recounts her past -- a past she has since renounced . Hadiya was only 18 years old when she became interested in Hizb ut Tahrir , a radical Islamic group . While studying for a degree in business at Brunel University in England , she became closely involved with the activities of Hizb ut Tahir . As a teenager , Hadiya had a natural inclination to learn about different religions and was drawn to Islam because of the focus on one God as the creator . Her quest to know more about the religion led her to meet members of Hizb ut Tahir on her college campus . Speaking of her early days with Hizb ut Tahrir , she reflects on her interaction with other members of the group : "  I was initially looking for spiritual understanding of Islam and they were trying to say that spirituality is important but their main focus was on politics and that the politics was just as spiritual in Islam . " She learned soon that the main aim of the group was a call for "  Khilafah , " establishing a Muslim state . As a member of Hizb ut Tahir , Hadiya held regular talks and tried to recruit others to the group . She remembers that even though the group by itself did not get involved in acts of terrorism , the members never denounced violence perpetuated by others . Despite Hadiya 's close and prolonged involvement with Hizb ut Tahrir , her parents remained unaware of the degree of their only daughter 's involvement with a radical organization . Hesitant to speak of her relationship with her family , Hadiya reminisces , "  at the end of the day I was still a loving daughter towards them , and that 's what they saw of me . " Sometime toward the end of her 10-year involvement with Hizb ut Tahrir , Hadiya began to question her work with the group and the message that was being sent out . "  When you are in a group like this , they talk about the same thing over and over again and eventually human nature will start to think it 's not making a difference , " she said . The July 7 , 2005 , London bombings killed more than 50 people and left the world in shock . And it proved to be a major turning point in Hadiya 's life . "  I was heavily pregnant with my third child and when I was in the waiting room , looking at the screen , I just felt like hiding . " She shakes her head at the memory . Recollecting the images of 7/7 bombings , Hadiya adds , "  I think it was wake-up call for anyone in -LSB- Hizb ut Tahrir -RSB- who is living in Britain , whether they wanted to admit it or not . " After she gave birth to her youngest child , Hadiya began exploring a different path , a more moderate and spiritual approach to Islam . It was in 2008 that she finally severed ties with Hizb ut Tahrir and instead started giving talks in colleges to foster closer ties among communities . Both Hadiya and her husband , Dawud , who also is a former member of Hizb ut Tahrir , now work toward building better understanding among religions and communities . Hadiya recently helped organize a movie screening in North London for more than 70 Jewish and Muslim women as part of her work with a faith-based organization called Three Faiths Forum . "  I feel more at peace with what I am doing now , " Hadiya says with a determined tone , "  because all of the messages that I am talking about now are very positive . "	Hadiya Masieh , 32 , joined the radical Islamist group Hiz ut Tahrir while in college Hizb ut Tahrir members ' "  main focus was on politics , " she says London bombings of July 7 , 2005 , were a turning point for her She and her husband now work to bring faith communities closer together
CNN  -- Fewer than half of Americans oppose legalized same-sex marriage , according to a new poll on the issue released Wednesday , with significant shifts in public opinion on the issue just since last year . More Americans continue to oppose gay marriage than support it , according to the poll , which was released Wednesday by the Pew Research Center . But for the first time since Pew starting asking about same sex marriage 15 years ago , fewer than half of those polled said they oppose legalizing the institution . The poll revealed other firsts . For the first time since Pew began asking about the issue , more white mainline Protestants and white Catholics favor gay marriage than oppose it . "  The shift in opinion on same-sex marriage has been broad-based , occurring across many demographic , political and religious groups , " Pew 's polling analysis said . The analysis noted that political independents , who were opposed to gay marriage by a wide margin just last year , are now divided on the issue . The poll -- which combines two surveys conducted from July to September of this year -- found that 42 percent of Americans favor same-sex marriage , while 48 percent oppose it . In polls conducted in 2009 , 37 percent favored gay marriage while 54 percent were opposed , Pew said . "  The public continues to be far more supportive of gays and lesbians serving openly in the military than of allowing legal same-sex marriages , " the Pew 's polling analysis notes . Sixty percent of Americans favor allowing gays and lesbians to serve openly in the military , while 30 percent oppose it . Support for gays serving openly in the military has remained fairly stable over the last five years , Pew said . On gay marriage , the new poll found significant differences of opinions along age , racial and partisan lines . Americans in the so-called Millennial Generation -- those born after the 1980s -- favor gay marriage by 53 percent to 39 percent , the poll found . Among those born between 1928 and 1945 , just 29 percent favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally , while 59 percent are opposed . Among Democrats , 53 percent support legalized gay marriage , while just 24 percent of Republicans do . And while whites are evenly divided over gay marriage , the poll found , blacks oppose legalizing the institution by a wide margin .	For the first time in Pew poll 's history , fewer than half oppose legal gay marriage More Americans continue to oppose gay marriage than support it Poll finds significant shifts in public opinion on the issue since last year
New York  CNN  -- Technology and globalization are putting the jobs of millions in America 's middle class at risk , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . In a cover story for Time called "  How to Restore the American Dream , " Zakaria writes , "  We have just gone through the worst recession since the Great Depression . The light at the end of the tunnel is dim at best . Sixteen months into the recovery , the unemployment rate is higher than it was in the depths of all but one of the postwar recessions . ... "  Americans are far more apprehensive than usual , and their worries seem to go beyond the short-term debate over stimulus vs. deficit reduction , " according to Zakaria . "  They fear that we are in the midst of not a cyclical downturn but a structural shift , one that poses huge new challenges to the average American job , pressures the average American wage and endangers the average American Dream . " The author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " spoke to CNN on Friday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : You wrote in your Time cover story that the American middle class is being "  hollowed out . " What does that mean ? Fareed Zakaria : Well , if you think about it , middle class to most Americans means somebody who has a good high school education , somebody who did n't go to fancy schools or grow up in a fancy suburb , but somebody who is working on a factory floor as a foreman , or a manager , or maybe in sales or administration . What 's happened to these people is that these jobs have a certain kind of routine nature to them . What technology has done over the last 10 or 15 years , it 's become possible to do many of these tasks through computer programs . Now computer programs need to be monitored and supervised , but it takes far fewer people to do that ... and the people supervising computers need to be more high-end , more skilled people . CNN : How does that work out in practice ? Zakaria : Take the example -LSB- former GE CEO -RSB- Jack Welch gave . He said information technology been around since the 1980s and 1990s , when it was mostly streamlining back offices . Now it 's transformed every department from sales to marketing to administration . You used to just use computers to streamline , for example , the payroll system . Now it 's completely ubiquitous , affecting every aspect of business . Read Zakaria 's "  How to Restore the American Dream " Welch gave the example of a company he 's involved in buying . It had $ 12 billion in revenue in 2007 with 26,000 employees . With the greater efficiency that comes with technology , the same company , when it returns to that level of revenue in a few years , will have only 14,000 employees . That 's roughly half the people generating the same revenue . That 's the basic dilemma -- companies have gotten so efficient , and there 's enormous pressure on these simple routine tasks that used to employ lots of people . CNN : Is globalization of companies also a factor in hollowing out the middle class ? Zakaria : Clearly , the second big part of this is globalization . Most big American companies are now global companies . The world market has tripled or quadrupled over the last 20 years , as the number of potential consumers greatly increased once the Soviet system collapsed , and China and India liberalized their economies . It 's added as many as a billion and half consumers to the world market . Companies have benefited enormously from it , but these new consumers are willing to work for much less . That 's a huge factor , you ca n't deny it . Technology may be a bigger driver than trade , but globalization is easier to understand -- when you have an autoworker in Mexico willing to work for $ 7 an hour versus $ 28 an hour in the U.S. . The best way to think of it is that technology and globalization are working together to produce these results . CNN : You give the example of a radically cheaper car that is being produced in India ? Why is that important ? Zakaria : It 's called the Nano . It costs a little more than $ 2,000 in India and when it 's sold in the U.S. , it will cost about $ 7,000 once it has safety features such as air bags and meets U.S. crash requirements . It 's a good car . This is a perfectly nice car , looks a lot like Mercedes ' Smart Car , except that the Smart Car costs $ 22,000 . The most important thing may be the parts -- every part in that car costs a fraction , as little as 1/16 , of what it costs to manufacture in the United States . So where will the U.S. car companies get their parts made if they 're trying to be competitive ? They will be tempted to buy those parts manufactured in India . You ca n't even call it outsourcing since these are global companies with global supply chains . They will invest more in their Chinese operation , or their Brazilian operation , and less in the U.S. operation . They will be doing what they need to do to survive in a competitive global market . CNN : So what can be done ? Zakaria : We are going to have to move up the value chain . Ultimately you do n't want to be making products that people can make somewhere else in the world at half or a quarter of the price . You have to take on the more complex aspects of manufacturing . The car is becoming two things , it 's a manufactured product , but it 's also a very highly sophisticated computer . Think of your GPS system , audio system and so on . Each of these components has to be coordinated . Can we make the high-end aspects of the car ? Can the U.S. be dominant in design , in the computer electronics part of it . It 's very tough to be competitive on the pure manufacturing of the chassis . CNN : What 's the impact on people ? Zakaria : They have to hone their skills so they are really good at this stuff , at the skills of complex manufacturing and electronics . I do n't mean to say everyone has to become a brain surgeon , but there 's a difference between skilled labor and highly skilled labor . The Germans have maintained their manufacturing base because they 've concentrated on complex manufacturing . They do n't try to make Toyota cars ; they make BMWs . That means a lot of education and retraining . And the most important thing is education . You can only retrain somebody who knows how to read and write and do math . To the extent that U.S. schools are failing at this , there is a basic problem . You ca n't retrain somebody who has a fourth-grade reading level , and when they do n't have any basic math in the first place . We 've gone from having the best test scores 25 years ago to having the worst in the industrialized world today . That 's probably the single most important problem .	Fareed Zakaria : Technology , globalization threatening middle-class jobs Zakaria says companies have become so much more efficient due to computer technology World market has grown , with many willing to work for far less than those in the U.S. , he says Zakaria : America 's middle class must become more highly educated and skilled to compete
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security will investigate a Halloween costume party hosted by a top immigration official and attended by a man dressed in a striped prison outfit , dreadlocks and darkened skin make-up , a costume some say is offensive , the department 's secretary said . Julie Myers , head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , called the man 's costume "  offensive . " Julie Myers , head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement and host of the fundraising party , was on a three-judge panel that originally praised the prisoner costume for "  originality . " Myers later apologized for "  a few of the costumes , " calling them "  inappropriate and offensive . " She said she and other senior managers "  deeply regret that this happened . " A department photographer photographed Myers with the man , but the images were deleted after the costume were deemed offensive , ICE spokeswoman Kelly Nantel said . Between 50 and 75 people attended the party , which was a fundraiser for the Combined Federal Campaign , a federal government collection of charities . Nantel said one employee , whom she declined to identify , was wearing a black-and-white striped prison outfit , dreadlocks and a skin "  bronzer " intended "  to make him look African-American . " But , she said , it was not immediately apparent that he was wearing the make-up . "  Most people in the room did n't realize he was wearing make-up at all , " she said . "  It was unintentioned . The employee did not mean to offend although there were some employees that were rightfully offended by it , " Nantel said . Myers and the other judges "  noted his costume for originality . " "  There were a couple of people who were offended , " Nantel said . "  When it was confirmed through a conversation with the employee that he was wearing make-up , " Nantel said , the employee was counseled and Myers sent out a note to employees apologizing . In a November 2 email to ICE employees , Myers wrote , "  It is now clear that , however unintended , a few of the costumes were inappropriate and offensive . While we were all thrilled to be a part of the CFC fundraising effort , I and the senior management at ICE deeply regret that this happened . " She reminded all employees to be compliant with the department 's diversity training requirement . Myers has served as head of ICE since January of 2006 but is still awaiting Senate confirmation . An ICE congressional liaison said ICE officials briefed congressional staffers about the costume party this week as a courtesy . But at least one congressional staffer said they approached ICE after receiving an anonymous fax about the incident . Myers called House Homeland Security Chairman Bennie Thompson , D-Mississippi , about the incident and is expected to meet with him before the end of the week , a Thompson spokeswoman told CNN . Myers also contacted the National Association of African-Americans in the Department of Homeland Security . In a letter to NAADHS members , the group 's vice president , Sjon Shavers , said the group "  appreciates  Myers  reaching out to us so quickly in order to keep us apprised of the matter and we commend her on moving so swiftly toward appropriate corrective action . " As head of ICE , Myers heads the law enforcement agency charged with enforcing immigration law inside the United States . It is the second largest investigative agency in the federal government , with more than 15,000 employees , including 6,000 investigators . Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff "  supports the actions that Assistant Secretary Myers has taken , " DHS spokeswoman Laura Keehner said . "  We do not tolerate inappropriate behavior at DHS . " "  The Secretary has asked for an inquiry into the facts surrounding the incident . Once the facts have been determined , we will take all necessary and appropriate actions , " Keehner said . E-mail to a friend	Man in prison outfit , dreadlocks and darkened skin make-up came to party Party host was Julie Myers , head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement She and other judges at first gave man praise for costume 's "  originality " But some were offended and Myers later apologized in an email to employees
CNN  -- It might not have been a royal procession , but Ted Ligety 's tag as "  King of Schladming ' "  is undeniable after he reigned supreme in Austria Friday . The 28-year-old successfully defended his world giant slalom title to become the first male skier in 45 years to win triple gold at a single world championship . Ligety has enjoyed a stellar week on the slopes , winning the opening super-G before claiming gold in the super-combined . Having already won four of the five giant slalom events so far this season , Friday 's victory was not so much of a surprise , but it catapults the U.S. star into the history books and crowns an outstanding past seven days . Ligety claims second gold as U.S. tops medals table "  If you want to call me the king of Schladming , that 's cool with me , " Ligety told reporters . "  It 's been a crazy , unbelievable week and definitely far exceeded my expectations . To win three gold medals is awesome and it 's a really cool feeling to join some of the legends of the sport . "  I 'm super pumped . It 's such a cool feeling and I 'm glad to have got it . "  I do n't know how easy it was . It was on the limit , and I took some risks , it was dark and bumpy . "  I heard the cheering in the finish area  when Hirscher briefly took the lead  , but I did n't feel pressure . I had a 1.3 second lead . " Ligety joins esteemed company in winning three golds , equaling the achievement of Norway 's Stein Eriksen who achieved the feat in 1954 and France 's Emile Allais in 1937 . Grand Sochi project highlights Putin ambition Only Austria 's Toni Sailer , who won four golds in 1956 and three in 1958 and France 's Jean-Claude Killy , who also won four in 1968 sit above Ligety . His three gold medals takes his career total to four , equalling Bode Miller 's U.S. record , while allowing the American team to regain its place at the top of the medals table . Ligety started the day in perfect fashion , clocking an electric first run to finish 1 minute 30 seconds clear of Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal . The U.S. star then recorded a more conservative second run to come home in an aggregate time of 2 minutes 28.92 seconds , 0.81 seconds ahead of Austrian Marcel Hirscher , with Italian Manfred Moelgg claiming bronze at 1.75 seconds . The home crowd had hoped for a first individual gold of the Championships , but a poor first run from Hirscher ruined any dreams of gold . "  It was definitely one of toughest races I 've ever competed in , " Hirscher told reporters . "  Yesterday I had back problems and at 2 a.m. this morning I was thinking about whether it made sense to compete . "  I was looking pretty bad today - a bad hair day ! But I mobilised every energy in my body , it means a lot for me . "  The whole country 's watching me ; they want to see me winning . I 've got a silver medal , it 's perfect . " Worley upstages world champion Maze Meanwhile , Svindal missed out on his third medal of the championships after taking gold in the downhill and bronze in the super-G . "  I feel like the guy who came in fourth place , not ideal but that 's the way it is , " he told reporters . "  I 'm definitely not happy right now but I have a gold and a bronze and I was in the chase for a medal in all four races , so it could 've been better , but right now I 'm disappointed , but in an hour or two I 'll be over it . "	Ted Ligety won his third gold of world championships at Schladming U.S. star becomes first male skier in 45 years to win triple gold at a single world championship . Austria 's Marcel Hirscher claimed silver and Italy 's Manfred Moelegg took brone
Chicago  CNN  -- Maggie Daley , the wife of a former Chicago mayor , died Thursday night after battling breast cancer . She was 68 . Daley died about 6 p.m. at home "  surrounded by family , including her husband , former Mayor Richard Daley , and her children , Nora , Patrick and Elizabeth , " said Jacquelyn Heard , Daley 's former spokeswoman and a family friend . "  The mayor and his family would like to thank the people of Chicago for the many kindnesses they 've shown Mrs. Daley over the years , and they appreciate your prayers during this time , " Heard said . She died from complications from breast cancer , Heard said . Her husband was first elected mayor in 1989 to complete the term of the late Harold Washington . He was re-elected in 1991 , 1995 , 1999 , 2003 and 2007 . He was succeeded by Rahm Emanuel . Emanuel said Daley started a successful after-school arts program in 1991 . "  We are grateful to Maggie for lending her shining spirit to Chicago in so many ways . She inspired all of us with her commitment to children and the arts , " Emanuel said . "  Every person in this city , one way or another , has been touched by her vision and determination . " President Barack Obama described her as "  an extraordinary woman who dedicated her life to public service , " including programs to benefit Chicago youth . "  While she will be sorely missed , her initiatives on behalf of Chicago 's youth live on as national models for how to create environments for children to learn and grow outside the classroom , " Obama said in a statement . "  Maggie 's commitment to the children and people of Chicago was surpassed only by her devotion to her family . " CNN 's Marlena Baldacci and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	Daley dies at home surrounded by her family She had been battling breast cancer , a family spokeswoman says President Barack Obama says she dedicated her life to public service
The death toll from a landslide that struck a village in central Java Friday , burying dozens of homes , has risen to 39 , Indonesian authorities say . Days of heavy rains triggered a rush of mud , rocks and trees from the mountains overlooking Java 's Banjarnegara District on Friday evening . Sixty-nine people remain unaccounted for , the country 's disaster management agency said . The landslide buried at least 105 houses in and near Sampang village , the Antara state news agency reported . At least 15 people were injured by the landslide , 11 of them seriously , and close to 600 people have been evacuated . Video from local television showed muddy water still rushing along paths of the landslide Saturday . A wall of newly fallen earth -- at least 15 feet tall , judging by the men standing at the base -- blocked a paved road . Elsewhere , people tried to gather belongings from a wooden house that had been torn open by the debris . Still more footage showed dozens of people , some crying , gathered Friday night at a hospital where injured had been taken . The military , local Red Cross officials , police , volunteers , and the national search and rescue agency joined in a rescue mission in the affected area , the disaster management agency said . But it was later suspended due to pouring rain . Friday 's landslide came a day after two other slides killed two people in or near Banjarnegara District , Antara reported . One of Thursday 's slides , in Banjarnegara 's Wanayasa area , displaced more than 350 people , according to the state news outlet . Landslides and flash floods are seasonal occurrences in the Southeast Asian archipelago , where mountainous terrain and heavy rains make for prime slide conditions . Satellite data appears to show parts of central Java have received about 200 millimeters  7.9 inches  of rain so far this month . That would be roughly the amount that the area gets on average the entire month of December . More showers are expected in the area in coming days . It was n't clear exactly how much rain fell Friday in Banjarnegara District . But about 95 kilometers  60 miles  to the southwest , some 108 millimeters  4.25 inches  of rainfall was reported in the Java port city of Cilicap on Friday . Fury of rain moves rocks , mud in Southern California , burying homes	At least 39 dead , 69 missing after Friday landslide on Indonesia 's Java island At least 105 houses in Sampang village were buried , state news agency reports Video shows water still rushing along landslide path Saturday
When Regina Zimmer bid $ 40 on an abandoned storage unit in Colfax , California , near Sacramento , all she did before the purchase was look at the unit from the outside and hope to find something valuable . But after going through the contents and coming upon a storage ottoman , tape-sealed and with a "  fragile " sticker on top , she "  had a feeling it was n't something good . " Zimmer , who went through the unit with her son in November , told CNN affiliate KOVR that "  as soon as we opened it and took the lid off , the smell was horrible . " Inside , she said , there were garbage bags and a stuffed animal . She told affiliate KTXL that she also came upon a red sleeping bag with more bags inside . She called the Placer County Sheriff 's Office . Deputies said that while "  investigating the contents of a container , " they "  discovered the decomposing remains of a fetus or small infant . " "  You could tell it was a skull and a little jaw bone and hair , " Zimmer said . Police say the container was taken to the county morgue , where authorities say they found "  a second fetus or small infant " inside . Autopsies are being performed on both of the bodies . Placer County Sheriff 's Lt. John Poretti said the department was "  trying to determine the age of the fetus , if it was a viable fetus . Or if it was a possible miscarriage . " Police say detectives are interviewing a woman believed to be the mother . Charges against her are pending . When asked by KTXL if the mother has given an explanation to police , Poretti said "  some , but not completely . " He would n't comment when asked if she was remorseful . Meanwhile , Zimmer , who says she 's bid on storage lockers dozens of times , says "  this is the worst thing I have ever found ... and the saddest thing I have ever , ever found . "	A woman in Colfax , California , wins an abandoned storage locker with a $ 40 bid When she and her son go through it , they find an ottoman sealed with tape When they unseal the ottoman , a strong smell prompts them to call sheriff 's deputies Authorities find two small bodies ; detectives interview a woman thought to be the mother
CNN  -- In 2005 , Brian Baker was one of the rising stars of American tennis . Aged just 20 , he recorded a shock win over world No. 9 Gaston Gaudio at the U.S. Open . Despite being beaten in the second round , the future looked bright for the Tennessee native . However , it was to be his last match at a grand slam tournament for seven years as a nightmare series of injuries and operations threatened to end his promising career . "  I was the No. 2-ranked junior in the world , " Baker told CNN 's Open Court . "  I was hoping to start off with a bang on the ATP Tour and have a successful career , whether top 50 , top 10 or top 20 . " Instead , he had to have five surgeries in four years . And until recently , his only involvement in tennis was playing on the low-ranking Challenger Tour and coaching his college team . Roddick exits early at French Open As well as elbow and hernia injuries , the root of Baker 's fitness problems lie with a hip condition which has troubled him since he was a boy . "  Femoroacetabular Impingement is a developmental condition that has to do with the way his hip formed when he was probably nine or 10 years old , " Doctor Thomas Byrd told CNN . "  There 's an overgrowth around the socket where the femoral head grows out , sort of like the front end of your car being a little out of alignment . It leads to some uneven wear inside the hip . "  What 's remarkable to me he was able to reach such an elite status in the first place . He was spending as much time battling his hips as he was his opponent . " But now Baker is back on the big stage , having made a remarkable comeback . On Wednesday , the 27-year-old will play in the second round of a grand slam for the second time in his career . Learn more about Baker 's next French Open opponent Having been awarded a wildcard entry to the French Open after winning a Challenger tournament in April , Baker reached his first ATP Tour final at a warmup event in Nice last weekend . He lost that match , but won his opener at Roland Garros on Monday against the man who beat him in New York in 2005 , Belgium 's world No. 77 Xavier Malisse . Baker next faces a much tougher test against French 11th seed Gilles Simon , but his family are just glad to see him back out on the court enjoying himself . "  I was just so happy for him because that 's what he 'd worked all this time to go back for , " said his father Steve . "  Now that he 's done that we hope to have a good time in Paris . "  We 've watched him play in grand slam matches before ; it 's not the first time . I always thought I would one day go to see him play in Roland Garros . " The famous clay-court venue holds special memories for Baker , who reached the 2003 French Open boys ' final before losing to Switzerland 's Stanislaw Wawrinka -- who has since enjoyed a steady career and is ranked 21st in the world . While players such as Marcos Baghdatis and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga -- both of whom he beat during that Roland Garros run -- were winning titles and climbing the rankings , Baker was trying to rescue his fading career . "  I think Marcus beat me a couple of times , but I got the better of him a few more times , " Baker told CNN . "  That was right when I was coming back from my first hip surgery . "  I had no idea I was going to have four more surgeries ... I ca n't remember who he beat ,  David  Nalbandian and somebody else . It definitely gave me some motivation -- maybe if I come back I could have some good results . " Baker 's return gained real momentum in Nice . Before losing to defending champion Nicolas Almagro in the final , he scored notable wins over former junior rival and world No. 14 Gael Monfils and Russia 's former No. 3 Nikolay Davydenko , a 21-time title winner on the ATP Tour . "  Every time you go onto court you want to win , " Baker told the ATP Tour 's official website after his final defeat . "  I am a competitor , I hate losing . But , when you look at the week as a whole , it has been an unbelievable week . "  I hoped to qualify at the start of the week and win a match or two before going to Roland Garros . I obviously did much better . "  I think even in the qualifying , I felt as if I was playing pretty well . I won my three matches easily and knew I was playing good tennis . " Baker 's compatriot John Isner , ranked 11th in the world , is pleased to see his former junior rival back competing at the highest level . "  We are virtually the exact same age , " Isner told CNN . "  We were born days apart in and played in the juniors , he was hands down one of the best players in the country . "  He definitely deserves it and he has worked really hard . And he has n't let all of these obstacles discourage him . "  He is still doing what he loves and that is playing tennis -- and he is doing very well . You know , without more injuries and if he can stay healthy , I can see him in the top 100 . "	Brian Baker is playing in his first grand slam event since the 2005 U.S. Open The American has been plagued by injuries throughout his career Baker has had elbow and hip problems which led to five operations The 27-year-old beat Xavier Malisse in the first round of the French Open Monday
CNN  -- A shuttle bus crashed Friday morning at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport , injuring 15 people , police said , and temporarily snarling vehicle traffic at one of the world 's busiest centers for air travel . The bus , shuttling people between the terminals and a rental car company , was leaving Interstate 190 on a lane toward a terminal when it struck a concrete median about 6:30 a.m. CT , CNN affiliate WBBM reported . Fifteen people were injured and were being taken to hospitals , but the severity of their injuries was n't immediately clear , Chicago police spokeswoman Ana Pacheco said . The injured included the driver , who for a time was pinned by a guardrail that penetrated the bus upon impact , CNN affiliate WLS reported . Two Chicago firefighters who witnessed the crash freed the driver and then helped other passengers , WLS reported . Details about what caused the wreck were not immediately available . The wreck prompted the closure of some I-190 lanes and caused traffic backups on the interstate on Friday morning , WLS reported .	WBBM says rental car company 's shuttle bus struck concrete median Injured included bus driver , who was temporarily pinned , WLS reports Crash happened about 6:30 a.m. Friday
CNN  -- For the past 20 years , the copyright industry has waged a war against teenagers sharing culture and knowledge with each other . First , it was music  "  home taping will kill music "  , then games , then movies , then books . The copyright industry has tried to portray the teenagers and others who are thus sharing as if they were somehow being immoral . The problem with this depiction is that it resonates very poorly with the people doing the actual sharing -- to them , sharing a record or a game with a friend or a stranger is a good social act . Read related : How mobile tech affects the family Thus , we have a severe disconnect in how different parts of society regard the activity of sharing culture and knowledge on the sidelines of the established distribution chains -- or in violation of copyright , if you like . As mobile devices develop , it becomes increasingly clear that this is a war that can not be won . Today , our mobile devices can typically house some 16 to 64 gigs of data . Hard drives that can hold 60 terabytes have been announced and are just around the corner . As this storage capacity becomes affordable and even expected for one person to carry around , each and every person can hold a complete copy of all music ever produced . Read related : We never talk any more : The problem with text messaging When connecting this phenomenon to mobile devices that can broadcast information anonymously , over technologies like Bluetooth and ad-hoc wi fi , it means that anybody can sit in a caf and copy the entire collection of human music to anybody else in the caf , completely without traceability : they would n't even know themselves whom they were copying to and from . Train and subway cars will form spontaneous clouds of connections that keep owners of mobile devices up-to-date with all music ever produced . Shortly thereafter , personal storage capacities will also be enough to house all movies ever produced . Regrettably , cellphones are a centralized , trackable technology -- they have been called "  governmental tracking devices that you can also use to make phone calls " , and rightly so -- the built-in trackability possibilities are something that goes far beyond what existed east of the former Iron Curtain . Read related : On second thought : Maybe smartphones make us ` SuperStupid ' ? But mobile phones can also connect directly to each other , without central trackability , logs or traces -- as long as they are within short range of one another . "  Short range " usually means about 10 to 25 meters in practice . This kind of person-to-person distribution of digitizable material -- sometimes called a "  sneakernet " , as people use their feet to move data -- is not as effective in distributing information as the internet , but effective enough . It 's how we shared primitive games on the early computers , before we had BBSes , and before we had the internet . It took about three days for a new game from its release somewhere in the world to reach everybody who wanted it . That 's fast enough . So realizing that people can not be stopped from sharing knowledge and culture , in violation of the distribution monopoly we know as copyright , because of the rapid development of mobile devices -- seeing that it can not be stopped with any amount of applied violence , is there a flip side to this ? It turns out that there is a rather strong flip side . For the first time in history , all of humanity -- at least everybody with an internet connection , which is increasingly fast becoming "  everybody " -- can access all of humanity 's collective knowledge and culture , as well as contribute freely to it . That is a huge leap ahead for us as a civilization . Read related : Handheld device that saves lives It 's not even a fantasy project with a ridiculous price tag to it , like the space elevator , vacuum-tube satellite launcher , or moon base . All the technology has already been developed , all the infrastructure has already been built , all the tools have already been rolled out . All that we have to do to achieve this leap of civilization is just to remove the ban on using the greatest library mankind has ever built . Ironically , the exact same discussion about sharing knowledge and culture was held when public libraries were introduced into law in the 1850s , when publishers had argued that people should be banned from lending books from one another . The more things change , the more they stay the same . So not only can sharing not be stopped -- I argue that it should n't be stopped , either , once you see the flip side . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rick Falkvinge .	Rick Falkvinge is the founder of the Swedish Piratpartiet , the first Pirate Party worldwide He argues that the development of mobile devices makes it impossible to stop file-sharing He argues this means almost everybody can access all of humanity 's collective knowledge and culture
CNN  Every age has the heroes it deserves , as the saying goes . To judge from the success of the movie "  American Sniper , " the hero of the current moment would be the trained killer . Director Clint Eastwood 's movie has been highly praised and loudly criticized . Each new round of critical and public controversy over its presentation of war , veterans and their families boosts its ticket sales higher . It is the highest grossing war movie ever made in the United States . Why has this movie become "  a cultural phenomenon , " as many term it ? The answer lies in its focus on the figure of the sniper , whose military role isolates what is universally most fraught about warfare -- the act of targeting and shooting a human being -- and yet who also stands for values that are particularly cherished by many Americans . Unlike a helicopter or airplane pilot or tank commander -- to cite icons of other times , other wars -- the sniper works alone . He often has a spotter and is in contact with his unit but needs no one else to operate his lethal weapon . It is all about the relationship of the eyes and the trigger finger . "  American Sniper " is at its most ambiguous as an anti-war war film when Eastwood aligns our vision with Chris Kyle 's  played by Bradley Cooper  , involving us in the emotions and moral dilemmas that come with the kill , even as this highlights the sniper 's singular and heavy responsibility . Opinion : ` American Sniper , ' a powerful anti-war film The sniper embodies the individualism that is sacred to a large swath of the American population . It is the sniper 's operational independence that allows his skills to be transferred to the civilian realm . Whether in the woods , at the shooting range , or in combat , the action and the equipment are not dissimilar . In "  American Sniper , " the hero 's gun is an extension of his personality , as much as he fights against it : Not only through his mechanically enabled vision but also through the prominence of weapons in his private life . It is not surprising that in the movie Kyle gravitates to the shooting range as a means of easing his transition to civilian life . War heroes can appear in various guises . There are those who save their comrades in the heat of battle , and those who win accolades for their mastery of the weapons and strategies most valued at that combat moment . Think of World War I crack fighter pilot Manfred von Richthofen , nicknamed the Red Baron , whose skill confirmed aerial warfare 's potential . The sniper 's ascent comes in part from his utility in American counterinsurgency campaigns such as those conducted in Afghanistan and Iraq . Drones , too , are part of this warfare in which high technology surveillance sometimes aids that most traditional of combat pursuits -- the manhunt . But the military sniper , long held in suspicion for his independence by Marines and other American military units , has an almost romantic appeal for those immersed in gun culture . Opinion : Michael Moore is wrong about ` American Sniper ' The Western-style showdown staged in "  American Sniper " between Kyle and the crack enemy sniper Mustafa  Sammy Sheik  is not only a nod to Eastwood 's filmmaking history , but to a fundamental figure in American history : the lone gunman , on a crusade to make the world safe . The most effective snipers have psychological as well as physical distance from their targets , which is useful now that the line between military and civilian enemy targets has become increasingly blurred . In counterinsurgency warfare in urban settings , everyone is a potential carrier of grenades or bombs , and uniforms are almost meaningless . In such situations , taboos against killing traditional noncombatants , such as women and children , come to seem outmoded and foolhardy . Now that the major American military interventions overseas have ended or are smaller in scale , the millions of veterans created just in the past decade will have fewer options . "  American Sniper " is a current film in this way as well . It models a transition for the military professional from wartime to peacetime , with gun culture as its constant . This is , in part , the secret of its success in America : It is an anti-war film that is not anti-gun . Kyle did not become a hero because he died  he was shot to death at a shooting range in 2013 and a fellow veteran is on trial in the case  , but because he knew how to kill so well . He is the perfect hero for a country that has made a cult of the art of precision shooting , whether in combat or at the local range or gun show , and a country that clings to the right to bear arms , no matter how many civilian casualties , Kyle among them , accumulate .	Ruth Ben-Ghiat : "  American Sniper " has become the top-grossing war movie in U.S. She says America admires the lead character for his individualism and affinity for guns
CNN  -- When Google announced its cloud-based Chromebook Pixel laptop , the tech community was left puzzled . They could n't put a little category box around the Pixel , so they began berating the only thing they could : the software . But sometimes a new product comes along that represents a major shift in how we have learned to do things . Google loaned me a Pixel for this review , and I liked it so much that after I returned the review model I purchased my own . I 've been using it for more than a month , but it only takes turning the computer on once to realize how different it is from anything else out there . First , though , some background : Google 's Chromebooks are built on the promise of cloud computing , where your files live not on your hard drive but on Web servers . Everything you upload is just a click away if you want it to be . The files do n't physically have to be in the same location as the worker . More and more people are embracing the cloud , not just at work , but on their personal machines , too . They upload all sorts of files , accessible anywhere . Enter the Chromebook . Within the last two years , Google has started selling these affordable computers that run an operating system called Chrome OS . Chrome OS , and its open-source sibling , Chromium OS , are Google 's answer to the desktop computer . Built for the cloud , they run through a combination of the Chrome OS browser and Web apps . Up to now , the computers have been inexpensive and fast . But Google has done something unexpected with the new Chromebook Pixel . This new computer is still very much a Chromebook , but it boasts sturdy , Apple-like aluminium unibody design . It also has a gorgeous touchscreen that demands to be seen and touched . You can interact with all your content with just a swipe of your finger . After the computer boots up , simply log into your Google account and all your apps , e-mail , calendar appointments and contacts load instantly . Google has created a seductive app launcher , sort of like how Apple operates with its iLife suite but still unique . Instead of a physical computer dictating how you do what you do , the Chromebook Pixel is offering you a way to work and connect that requires only your username and password . Let 's jump right into some of my favorite features : -- Trackpad . It 's the best I have ever used . It is fluid and responsive and in my opinion , better than the MacBook Pro trackpads I 've used in the past . -- Keyboard action response . It is not too firm but not too mushy , as I have experienced on some Apple laptops . Depressing a key on the chiclet-style keyboard produces just the right amount of pushback . I have found that the action of the keys is just stiff enough to prevent accidental bumping of other keys while your hands move across the keyboard . -- Display . The resolution on the screen , my favorite feature , is simply amazing , although it 's more than just the crispness of the screen . The way it renders colors is completely unique . I have used MacBook "  Retina display " laptops before , but I prefer the color of the Pixel 's display , which appear warmer and more alive . The screen 's viewing angles are wide and have very little glare -- perfect for viewing in a group setting . Now here are three features I do n't like so much : -- Battery Life . I am usually plugged into a wall socket for power , but on the rare chance I venture out without the charger ; I 'm disappointed how quickly the battery gets to red . I wonder if there is a software update that can do some improvement on power management of the battery ? -- Charging port . It can sometimes get unhinged from the computer by the tiniest accidental pull of the wire . I wish the computer held the power cord a little more snugly so I would not have to keep plugging it back in . -- Fan noise . I do n't usually hear the fan running unless I have a lot of windows open on my screen or am watching a hi-def video . But the Pixel 's fan can get spinning very fast and loud . I wonder if a software update would be able correct this when the fan speed switches to hyper-drive . Still , on balance the Chromebook Pixel is a fine machine . The computer is very quick , thanks to a beefy processor and the fact that most tasks are done via apps online . Its Chrome OS has a history of being secure  although cloud computing will never be as protected as a local personal hard-drive  . Earlier this year Google held a competitive hackathon and offered $ 3.14 million in prize money if anyone could infiltrate Chrome OS . . No winner was announced . If you 're looking for a speedy , sturdy machine and are comfortable living in the cloud , the Pixel may be for you . Overall I found this computer to be a refreshing approach to computing in the cloud , thanks to its hi-def screen and wicked fast computing power . My month with the Pixel thoroughly changed my thinking on how a computer should behave while handling my files . With the Pixel , I 'm totally on cloud nine . What 's been your experience with the Chromebook Pixel ? Or are you considering buying one ? Let us know in the comments below .	The new Chromebook Pixel boasts sturdy , Apple-like aluminum unibody design Its gorgeous touchscreen demands to be seen and touched I was disappointed in its noisy fan and how quickly the battery drained Overall I found this computer to be a refreshing approach to computing in the cloud
New York  CNN  -- Police said Thursday that they have arrested a homeless man in the daytime rape of a 73-year-old woman in New York 's Central Park . David Albert Mitchell was charged with predatory sexual assault , rape , criminal sex act and robbery assault , according to police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . He said detectives uncovered photographs of Mitchell on the victim 's home computer , which she had apparently downloaded after photographing him more than a week ago in the park . Browne said the woman told police that she had seen him masturbating in park and then photographed him "  It 's the same guy she thinks she photographed nine days ago , " added Browne , who said Mitchell has an extensive arrest record in Virginia and West Virginia . The heavily tattooed 42-year-old man was charged with murder and sexual assault in 1989 but was acquitted the following year , he said . In May 2003 , Mitchell was convicted of abduction and kidnapping in Virginia and sentenced to eight years in prison Police said the attack occurred Wednesday while the victim was bird watching in the vicinity of 74th Street and Central Park West , also known as Strawberry Fields . The woman told police they exchanged words and he sexually assaulted her . He also stole some items , authorities said . The woman was taken to a hospital after passerby Eric Ozawa found her lying in the bushes . "  I saw her face was badly beaten , " Ozawa told CNN affiliate WABC . "  She was swollen , her right eye was black , her forehead was swollen . ... She told me that she had been raped . " This is the first reported sexual assault in Central Park this year , according to police records . In 2011 , two such attacks occurred . "  She was a victim of a terrible attack , " Browne told WABC . More from CNN Justice : Former NFL player Chad Johnson charged with domestic battery Witness tells of stumbling across France murder scene Mysterious tourist deaths in Asia prompt poison probe Airport workers charged in theft ring of alcohol mini-bottles CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	NEW : The man arrested is identified as David Albert Mitchell NEW : The heavily tattooed 42-year-old man has an extensive arrest record , police say Woman , 73 , was taken to an area hospital after passerby found her lying in the bushes
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It 's a question that I have asked myself for a long time . Why ca n't Portugal produce a top golfer ? Antonio Sobrinho was the only Portuguese golfer to make the cut at the recent Portugal Masters . The weather is great , courses are popping up all over the country , and still , they do n't have a single player in the top 400 of the world rankings . On the surface , it might not make sense , but if you dig a little a deeper , like I had a chance to do during a recent Living Golf report in the Algarve , there are plenty of reasons why golf is n't taking off among the locals . The most shocking statistic of all is that in the whole country there is not a single public golf course . This means if you want to play , you have to become a member of a club or pay something in the region of 100 Euros  $ 137  for a round of golf . Considering the minimum salary in Portugal is under 400 Euros a month , it becomes clear the vast majority of Portuguese people simply ca n't afford it . This means most of the people out on golf courses in Portugal are foreign , and while this is great for tourism , it 's doing nothing to help the grass roots of the game in the country . Another issue is that the sport is seen as elitist and is not part of the nation 's sporting culture . There is great passion among Portugal 's youngsters , as there is in many European countries , for football . And though people play other sports , and you can get lessons in sports like golf , there is an almost complete lack of interest -- no-one really talks about golf . What the country really needs is a golfing superstar to kick-start a revolution and inspire the new generation -- a Cristiano Ronaldo of golf . The Portuguese Golf Federation says the tide is turning and they claim they are doing their best to invest in young amateur players . They also have allies with some of the private investors who have built golf courses in Portugal sponsoring some of the nation 's top prospects . Oceanico is an example of this , with the company that has built seven courses in the Algarve backing three of Portugal 's five professionals . The more organizations that invest in up-and-coming golfers like this , the more chance Portugal will have in producing the next Tiger Woods . There could yet be hope for golf in the country , but it will take more investment , more time and a figure to unite an otherwise football obsessed country around a relatively neglected sport . Watch Pedro examine Portugal 's golf scene on this month 's Living Golf , which airs Thursday , November 6 , 1400 , 1830 ; Saturday , November 8 , 0800 , 1830 Sunday ; November 9 , 0400 , 0830 , 1430  all times GMT  .	Portugal has an ever-growing number of great golf courses There are no Portuguese players in the world 's top 400 Golf is too expensive and not high profile enough there If there were a Cristiano Ronaldo of golf , children might take it up
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's upcoming Christmas message will say Jesus would be a defender of the oppressed if he were alive today . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad will deliver his Christmas message on Channel 4 . "  Jesus the Son of Mary is the standard-bearer of justice , of love for our fellow human beings , of the fight against tyranny , discrimination and injustice , " Ahmadinejad will say , according to a preliminary text of remarks he is planning to deliver in a message to be broadcast Thursday -- Christmas Day -- on British TV . The fiery Iranian leader , who has angered Western countries with his sharp comments on Israel , nuclear power , and the role of the United States in the world , will be delivering the Alternative Christmas Message on Britain 's Channel 4 . The network , which calls the event a "  traditional alternative to The Queen 's Christmas Day broadcast , " issued the preliminary text . The thrust of his words and the overall message contained religiously inclusive rhetoric , such as his congratulating "  the followers of Abrahamic faiths , especially the followers of Jesus Christ , and the people of Britain . " And his words conjured a hopeful future . But some of his remarks reflected Ahmadinejad 's trademark bluntness . "  If Christ was on earth today undoubtedly he would stand with the people in opposition to bullying , ill-tempered and expansionist powers , " the text says . "  If Christ was on earth today undoubtedly he would hoist the banner of justice and love for humanity to oppose warmongers , occupiers , terrorists and bullies the world over . "  If Christ was on earth today undoubtedly he would fight against the tyrannical policies of prevailing global economic and political systems , as he did in his lifetime . " The alternative address tradition , which began in 1993 , has included remarks from the Rev. Jesse Jackson , an injured Afghan war veteran , a survivor of the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , and Marge from the television show "  The Simpsons . " The network notes that "  relations between Iran and the West " will play "  a central role in world affairs " in the coming year . The address -- which wo n't be broadcast opposite the queen 's message -- will be preceded by a "  short introduction " that will put the leader 's "  appearance in context . " "  As the leader of one of the most powerful states in the Middle East , President Ahmadinejad 's views are enormously influential . As we approach a critical time in international relations , we are offering our viewers an insight into an alternative world view , " said Dorothy Byrne , head of news and current affairs . "  Channel 4 has devoted more airtime to examining Iran than any other broadcaster and this message continues a long tradition of offering a different perspective on the world around us . "	Iranian President Ahmadinejad to deliver Christmas message on British TV Ahmadinejad : If Jesus was alive he would defend oppressed , fight injustice Channel 4 has broadcast alternative to queen 's traditional message since 1993 Network : Relations between West , Iran central role to world affairs in 2009
CNN  -- A manufacturer that has been inscribing Bible references on rifle sights used by U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan announced Thursday that it will stop putting scripture references on products the U.S. military uses . Gen. David Petraeus , commander of United States Central Command , said Wednesday -- apparently before learning of the company 's announcement -- that the references were a "  big concern " to the U.S. Army and the U.S. Marine Corps , which have contracts for the scopes . "  I hope you can sense ... this is of serious concern to me and the other commanders in Iraq and Afghanistan because it can indeed create a perception that is absolutely contrary to what it is that we have sought to do , " he said . He said U.S. troops are much more sensitive "  about this kind of thing , " apparently , than is the contractor involved . On its Web site Wednesday , the Muslim Public Affairs Council said the references "  feed into the violent extremists ' narrative that the ongoing wars in Afghanistan and Iraq are a ` crusade against Islam . ' " Trijicon Inc. , the manufacturer , said in a written statement that it has "  offered to voluntarily stop putting references to scripture on all products manufactured for the U.S. military -- and will provide , free of charge , 100 modification kits to the Pentagon to enable the removal of the references that are already on products that are currently deployed . " There was no immediate reaction from the Pentagon in response to the announcement , but a response was being prepared , Maj. Shawn Turner in the Department of Defense 's public affairs office told CNN . The Marine Corps said it was "  concerned " when it learned about the biblical references . "  We are making every effort to remove these markings from all of our scopes and will ensure that all future procurement of these scopes will not have these types of markings , " it said in a written statement . "  We will remove the markings from the scopes currently delivered . Trijicon will also remove the markings from all scopes that have not been delivered . " Earlier , after it emerged that the Michigan-based manufacturer was putting codes for scriptures on the scopes , Trijicon issued a statement saying that it has put scripture references on its products for more than two decades . "  As long as we have men and women in danger , we will continue to do everything we can to provide them with both state-of-the-art technology and the never-ending support and prayers of a grateful nation , " it said Wednesday . ABC first reported the story on Monday , saying that some of the citations on the sights included "  2COR4 :6 , " an apparent reference to 2 Corinthians 4:6 of the New Testament , which reads , "  For God , who said , ` Let light shine out of darkness , ' made his light shine in our hearts to give us the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Christ . " Another , according to ABC , included JN8 :12 , apparently referring to John 8:12 . That reads , "  When Jesus spoke again to the people , he said , ' I am the light of the world . Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness , but will have the light of life . ' " Trijicon has a $ 660 million contract for the U.S. Marine Corps and the U.S. Army , according to Turner . He said slightly more than 300,000 scopes have been delivered so far , with most going to the Marines . After the initial news report , the Muslim Public Affairs Council called on Defense Secretary Robert Gates to withdraw from combat use weapons that have sights with the biblical references . "  Allowing religious references to be placed on U.S. weaponry , which are bought and paid for by U.S. taxpayers , is unacceptable , " MPAC Executive Director Salam Al-Marayati wrote in a letter to Gates , according to the council 's Web site . "  Such inscriptions not only run afoul of the Constitution and U.S. military rules , but they also feed into the violent extremists ' narrative that the ongoing wars in Afghanistan and Iraq are a ` crusade against Islam . ' "	Trijicon Inc. offers not to put them on new scopes , alteration kits for deployed ones Inscriptions feed into the narrative that U.S. is against Islam , Muslim group says Company says it 's been putting such references on its products for more than two decades Trijicon has a $ 660 million contract for Marine Corps , Army , defense official says
CNN  -- Jeanne Tripplehorn 's movie is about women and breast cancer . And it 's airing on Lifetime . Uh oh , this could get weepy . Tripplehorn , who has starred in cable show "  Big Love , " knows how preachy and awkward cancer movies can get . "  This was something different , " she said , of the film , which airs Monday at 9 p.m. "  I spoke with Lifetime and they wanted it to be a new approach and a new way of looking at cancer . " The actress has seen the disease 's toll . "  Like all women , I had been affected , " she said . "  Women in my family dealt with breast cancer . They all survived . It was important for me to do this on a lot of different levels . It was n't just a paycheck . " The movie , "  Five " tells stories of different women coping with breast cancer in five vignettes . Tripplehorn 's character , an oncologist is the tie that binds the five stories together . Her character loses her mother to breast cancer as a young girl and becomes an oncologist . The project has a bevy of star power . The executive producers are Jennifer Aniston , Marta Kauffman , co-creator of the series "  Friends " and Kristin Hahn , who was the executive producer of "  The Departed . " Aniston , Demi Moore and Alicia Keys each directed one of the vignettes . The ensemble cast includes Patricia Clarkson , Rosario Dawson , Ginnifer Goodwin , Josh Holloway , Tracee Ellis Ross , Tony Shalhoub and Jeffrey Tambor . Tripplehorn answered a few questions for CNN not long ago . CNN : Did you work with an oncologist , or consult a doctor for your role ? Tripplehorn : I consulted an oncologist . I read a lot . The thing that I found confusing and frustrating is once you have this diagnosis , there is this maze of doctors . There was n't one particular way of dealing with a diagnosis . I was just very confused to the journey that one takes after a diagnosis . You have your mammogram , your radiologist , your oncologist . Jen -LSB- Aniston -RSB- and her producing partner Kristin -LSB- Hahn -RSB- toured a clinic that hopefully will become a model for clinics across the country . It 's almost a one-stop shop with everything a woman needs - the doctors , radiologists . It 's all under one roof . And hopefully that will simplify before we get a cure . CNN : What resonated with you about the story ? Tripplehorn : Just the way they were telling the story -- the five short films dealing with different women with the diagnoses . I thought it was an interesting way of telling stories . Five directors who are women , for me , personally , it was a great experience to work with each of these directors . Alicia Keys is a first time director . You would never know it when you see her film . CNN : Did having family members who 've had breast cancer influence you in taking part in this project ? Tripplehorn : I had two women on my mother 's side of the family ; both went through bouts of breast cancer . Both survived . My grandmother was a two-time survivor of breast cancer . She passed away of something different 15 years after her last diagnosis . It 's close to my heart and experience . CNN : Having family members who 've had this disease , does it make you concerned about your risk ? Tripplehorn : It 's a constant reminder . It 's always in the news . It 's always out there . So , it 's just what you live with . It 's what you face . You try to watch your diet , you 're constantly aware of it . Some people put their head in the sand and I 'm not that kind of person . I 'm very aware of it . CNN : Your character in the movie gets genetic testing for breast cancer . Have you ever thought about it ? Tripplehorn : I think it 's a personal thing . It 's not something that I 'm thinking of doing . It 's very personal . CNN : What 's your message through this movie ? Tripplehorn : No woman should have to go through this . I 've seen it up close and personal . The fact that we 're airing this during Breast Cancer Awareness Month , it 's a small part that I could do -- if I could raise awareness , if women see this and get a mammogram . When I started this project , it had been two years since I got a mammogram , because I was so busy . That 's what happens with women . They are so busy taking care of other people , they do n't put themselves first . You have to go out and do these small things . Getting a mammogram , doing your monthly self-exam , your diet , just taking care of yourself . If this film will remind women out there to do just that , that 's a step in the right direction . It 's not every project that you can do this -- that can possibly directly impact somebody 's life . And that was my hope .	Jeanne Tripplehorn knows how preachy and awkward cancer movies can get "  Five " tells stories of different women coping with breast cancer in five vignettes Jennifer Aniston , Demi Moore and Alicia Keys each directed a vignette
Rolling Stone  -- Michael Jackson 's blockbuster album "  Bad " will be reissued in a deluxe edition on September 18 to mark the record 's 25th anniversary . The set , titled "  Bad 25 , " will features three CDs , a DVD and two booklets . The DVD will include Jackson 's personal video recording of his performance at Wembley Stadium in London on July 16 , 1988 . The video will be the first full concert performance from the Bad tour to be commercially released , and will be seen without cuts , exactly as it played out on stage before an audience of 72,000 fans , including Princess Diana . A CD featuring professionally recorded audio from the Wembley concert will also be included , along with a remastered version of the original "  Bad " album . A third CD will feature previously unreleased demos of songs that did not make it to the album , along with new remixes of material from "  Bad . " A standard edition of the "  Bad " reissue will also be released , including the remastered album and unreleased material , but omitting the Wembley performance . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Michael Jackson 's "  Bad " will be reissued in a deluxe edition on September 18 The set , titled "  Bad 25 , " will features three CDs , a DVD and two booklets It is the record 's 25th anniversary
CNN  -- Glasgow Rangers , the one-time giants of Scottish football , have been humbled in their debut at the basement of the country 's football league . The club only managed a 2-2 draw in their first game away at Peterhead , a team without any full-time players which has spent much of its time in the bottom division which Rangers have now joined following their collapse with debts of over $ 200 million earlier this year . In what could have been an embarrassing start to Rangers ' life in the lower leagues , Peterhead overturned an opening goal against them and lead 2-1 for most of the second half . The Glasgow side had eight internationals on the pitch and they dominated possession , yet struggled to do anything with the ball until the 90th minute , when Andrew Little tapped home a rebound after Kevin Kyle 's header hit the bar . A record crowd of 4,485 packed into the tiny Balmoor stadium -10 times the average attendance at the ground . After the game , Rangers manager Ally McCoist told BBC Radio Scotland : "  I felt we defended appallingly to be honest . We did n't match their aggression and if our boys at any time thought this was going to be a cakewalk they know where they are now . "  I am not going to start panicking but overall I still think we will play better and we 'll certainly pass the ball better but enormous credit must go to Peterhead . " Feature : Why Rangers ' financial meltdown should worry European football Cash-strapped Rangers went into administration earlier this year and a new company was formed to allow them to continue as a professional team . They were subsequently expelled from the Scottish Premier League  SPL  and had to turn to the lesser SFL for next season . Rangers have been regulars in the European Champions League since its inception . They won the European Cup Winners ' Cup in 1972 and as recently as 2008 were runners-up in the UEFA Cup  Now Europa League  . SPL chief executive Neil Doncaster and his Scottish Football Association counterpart Stewart Regan both lobbied for Rangers to be placed in the SFL Division One so they could secure a quick return to the top flight , but their pleas were ignored . Rangers went into administration on February 14 this year following court action from UK tax officials . Businessman Charles Green purchased the assets of the club for  # 5.5 million  $ 8.55 m  and they were transferred into a new company in June .	Club which once dominated Scottish Premier League posts a draw against part-time side ` New ' Rangers formed after the financial collapse of the old club with debts of $ 210 million Manager and many players chose to remain but some are fighting to be released New club forced to start in Scottish Football League 3 - dropping almost 40 places
CNN  -- A single mother who chose taking care of her infant over deploying to Afghanistan has been discharged , the Army said in a statement . When her unit deployed to Afghanistan in November , Alexis Hutchinson was missing from the plane . Her lawyer said she refused to go because there was no one to take care of her then 10-month-old son , Kamani , and she feared he would be placed in foster care . But the Army contended that the young mother and now former Army specialist had plenty of time to sort out family issues and said she could face court-martial . The issue was resolved this week , the Army said in a statement Thursday from Fort Stewart in Georgia , where Hutchinson was training . "  The soldier will not be tried by court-martial and therefore is not at risk of receiving a federal conviction , " the statement said . " She is , however , reduced to the lowest enlisted rank , private , and subject to losing other military benefits from the Army and the Department of Veterans Affairs to which soldiers who serve honorably are entitled . " Before shipping overseas , every soldier must sign military Form D-A 53-05 , which states that failure to maintain a family care plan could result in disciplinary action . Hutchinson 's attorney , Rai Sue Sussman , said the soldier informed the Army that her family care plan had fallen through and that there was no one to take care of her son . She was granted a 30-day extension to deal with the issue but still was not ready to deploy after the extension had expired , the Army said . "  The investigation revealed evidence , from both other soldiers and from Private Hutchinson herself , that she did n't intend to deploy to Afghanistan with her unit and deliberately sought ways out of the deployment , " the Army statement said . Hutchinson could not be immediately reached for comment .	Alexis Hutchinson refused to deploy , saying there was no one to care for her infant Army contended she had been given plenty of time to sort out family issues Hutchinson could have faced court-martial
New York  CNN  -- Twenty-two years after a gruesome and heartbreaking discovery , the New York Police Department continues to search for leads on a cold case . On July 23 , 1991 , the body of an unidentified little girl -- named "  Baby Hope " by detectives -- was found in a blue and white picnic cooler in a wooded area near the Henry Hudson Parkway in New York City . The girl , believed to be 3 to 5 years old , was smothered and sexually molested . Her body was so badly decomposed that several sketches were made to suggest what she looked like . Police could not track down anyone who might have known the girl . She was never reported missing . On Tuesday , the anniversary of the discovery , authorities went to a neighborhood near where the body was found in hopes of finding new leads . They handed out flyers in the Washington Heights section of Manhattan , "  making an amplified request for anyone with information in regards to this incident " to come forward , according to a NYPD press release . "  Several detectives are still on this case , " Detective Robert Dewhurst told CNN Tuesday , "  we 're trying to solicit the public for new information . Maybe someone can provide identification . " People with information may speak many years later for many reasons , such as feeling safer after moving to a new area where they do n't see the person responsible every day . Sometimes people "  want to get it off their chest , " said Dewhurst , who is part of the Cold Case Apprehension Squad . For months after Baby Hope 's body was found , police went back to the site hoping whoever was responsible , driven by guilt , had left some type of memorial that would have helped police . Two years after she was found murdered , Baby Hope was laid to rest in a donated plot , thanks mainly to detectives who worked on the case . She was buried in a white dress bought by a detective 's wife . Despite the years this case has remained opened , Dewhurst said he is not frustrated . "  This is what my squad does , " he said . "  Twenty years is not uncommon for a cold case . "  I have hope . Otherwise I would n't be doing this . " Anyone with information can call the NYPD tip line at 1-800-577-8477 . Read more : When a child goes missing , there is no playbook CNN 's Jeanne Moos and Gary Tuchman , who reported on the Baby Hope case in 1992-1993 , contributed to this report .	Body of unidentified child -- named Baby Hope by police -- was found on July 23 , 1991 Detectives continue to investigate , and ask that anyone with information come forward There are many reasons people may talk years later , says Detective Robert Dewhurst "  Twenty years is not uncommon for a cold case , " Dewhurst says
CNN  -- For the second time in 24 hours , Canada broke U.S. hockey hearts . Using their speed and strength to control much of the play , the Canadians knocked their southern neighbors out of gold medal contention for the second straight Olympics with a 1-0 victory in a riveting men 's semifinal match Friday . The victory came a day after the Canadian women won the gold medal by coming back in the final minutes to beat the Americans in overtime . Canada needed no late heroics Friday , outshooting the United States 36-31 and testing American goalie Jonathan Quick from all angles . The heartbreak reached all the way to the White House , where spokesman Jay Carney told reporters that the game "  seemed just as stressful for  American  fans to watch " as the women 's final . "  But congratulations to Canada , " Carney said . "  They certainly know their way around a hockey rink . " Canada 's men now will face Sweden in the gold medal game on Sunday , while the United States faces Finland on Saturday for the bronze . The Canada-U.S. men 's showdown pitted the defending gold medalists who claim hockey supremacy as a birthright against the plucky Americans who seek to stake a legitimate claim as the world 's finest . A spirited game featured lots of chances but only one goal early in the second period , when Dallas Stars forward Jamie Benn tipped in a pass disguised as a shot by St. Louis Blues defenseman Jay Bouwmeester . Benn gave credit to a player he competes against during the National Hockey League season , saying in a between-periods TV interview that "  Bouwmeester made a great shot-pass . " The game was a rematch of the gold medal final four years when Pittsburgh Penguin superstar Sidney Crosby scored the overtime goal for Canada to beat the Americans . This time , Quick of the Los Angeles Kings , a Stanley Cup winner and playoff MVP in 2012 , kept the Americans in the game with a series of saves , including two on NHL teammate Jeff Carter and a sliding stop on Benn , who was unable to lift a shot from the right circle . At the other end , Montreal Canadiens goalie Carey Price stopped every U.S. shot , most of them from the outside or far off with little traffic in front . One of his toughest saves came early when Toronto Maple Leafs sniper Phil Kessel broke in on the right side for the Americans . Price blocked the angle to deny Kessel . "  Obviously , that team playing in front of me gave everything tonight , " Price said after the match . He cited Canada 's "  relentlessness " for the victory , saying "  we were all over the place . " After a fast-paced even start , Canada took control near the midway point of the first period , firing eight shots to two by the United States over the next 12 minutes . The Canadians maintained the advantage the rest of the way , using a smothering team defense to stifle the Americans after Benn 's second-period goal . With the top professionals competing , the Olympic tournament amounts to an effective hockey World Cup every four years , and the 2014 version has provided all the requisite story lines and drama for classic status . It came 34 years after the "  Miracle on Ice " in Lake Placid , New York , when the then-amateur American team upset the dominant Soviet Union in the semifinals and went on to win the gold medal against Finland . There was a minor miracle this time , when St. Louis Blues forward T.J. Oshie almost singlehandedly beat host Russia in the preliminary round when he scored on four of six shootout chances to secure a 3-2 American victory after the teams tied through regulation play and overtime . On Friday , Oshie and St. Louis teammates David Backes and Kevin Shattenkirk took on fellow Blues Alex Pietrangelo and Bouwmeester , a defense pairing for Canada . Many such confrontations existed between the rosters comprised of NHL competitors . U.S. head coach Dan Bylsma also coaches Pittsburgh , and was trying to neutralize Crosby and Penguins ' teammate Chris Kunitz . At one point in the first period , San Jose Sharks forward Patrick Marleau of Canada took a penalty for interfering with NHL teammate Joe Pavelski . For the Americans , the revenge factor was doubled after Canada beat the U.S. women 3-2 for the gold medal Thursday by scoring twice in the final minutes to tie the game , then winning it on an overtime power play . Kessel 's sister , Amanda , was a top U.S. player throughout the tournament . Neither the Canadians nor the U.S. men had lost a game so far this Olympics , but both had close calls . Oshie 's shootout heroics against Russia gave the Americans an easier route through the quarterfinals , where they defeated the Czech Republic 5-2 on Wednesday . Canada won an overtime nail-biter over Finland in its last preliminary match , followed by a tight 2-1 victory over upstart Latvia on Wednesday to set up Friday 's clash with the Americans . Sweden is the only team to have won all its matches in regulation time . Two of its NHL stars , Loui Eriksson of the Boston Bruins and Erik Karlsson of the Ottawa Senators , scored in the second period Friday against Finland , while goalie Henrik Lundqvist of the New York Rangers made 25 saves to secure the victory . Olli Jokinen of the Winnipeg Jets scored for Finland .	Canadian men advance to gold medal game with 1-0 win Both the Canadian and U.S. teams are full of NHL stars The U.S. will play Finland for the bronze on Saturday , Canada goes against Sweden on Sunday U.S. women lost heartbreaking gold medal game against Canada
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- As fighting continued in the Libyan cities of Ajdabiya and Misrata Sunday , a rebel spokesman questioned the commitment of NATO 's mission there . Forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi were bombing Ajdabiya from 40-50 kilometers  25-31 miles  away , Libyan rebel spokesman Shamsiddin Abdulmolah told CNN . The loyalists who were bombing the city "  have no problem with the weather conditions there , " referring to unconfirmed reports that NATO airstrikes were halted in the area due to weather conditions . Gadhafi 's forces are using Grad missiles and mortars , "  and sometimes we feel that NATO wants to use any excuse out there so they do n't carry out their duties , " he said . NATO did not immediately respond to a CNN inquiry about its operations Sunday . Earlier , however , the NATO press office told CNN that it does not discuss ongoing operations and would not confirm or deny any reports . The most official report from NATO states that it conducted 142 sorties on Saturday , of which 42 were strike sorties . U.S. allies face unease without U.S. at helm Meanwhile , in Misrata , six people were killed and 47 injured in Sunday fighting , Abdulmolah said . Misrata remains in control of the rebels , he said , though they are still fighting some 200 to 300 Gadhafi troops inside the city . "  We are confident that we will be able to liberate the city completely and rescue our civilians who are being targeted by the madness of Gadhafi 's death squads , " he said . The rebel spokesman also criticized NATO 's role in Misrata . "  We still need NATO 's assistance , but we do n't understand what they are up to , " he said . In one instance , rebel fighters pushed back Gadhafi 's squads to a shoe factory , from where they were bombing residential areas in the city , he said . NATO refused to bomb the shoe factory because it is a civilian facility , he said . In the end , the rebels pushed the loyalists out of the shoe factory , which they burned after abandoning . "  We ca n't understand  NATO 's  excuses , " Abdulmolah said . "  We want to save our population from being murdered by these merciless death squads . Earlier , an opposition member said loyalists were using bombs that look like perfume bottles . Photographs indicated they were shells fired from a grenade launcher that either did not explode on impact or were deliberately masked and placed in populated areas . The lethal weapons have blown off people 's limbs and killed children , the council member said Saturday . The report came a day after Human Rights Watch reported its members saw three cluster bombs explode Thursday night in a Misrata neighborhood . The activist group said it inspected debris and interviewed witnesses about two other apparent cluster bombings . The Libyan government has denied the use of such bombs , which are banned internationally because of their indiscriminate nature and ability to harm civilians after a conflict ends . In the Lubyan capital , Tripoli , hundreds of chanting supporters waved green flags and pledged loyalty to Gadhafi after thunderous explosionsbelieved to be NATO airstrikes pounded targets in the capital . "  I have a message to NATO and to the United Kingdom and France , " a man wrapped in a green flag said Saturday night . "  We say to them , we will kill you if you come to our land . " Others chanted , "  go go Sarkozy , " referring to French President Nicolas Sarkozy . France is one of the nations taking part in the coalition airstrikes . "  Everyone here will die for Moammar Gadhafi , " a young man said . The supporters gathered at Gadhafi 's compound in the capital hours after NATO apparently hit targets in Tripoli and its outskirts Saturday night . Libyan forces reacted with anti-aircraft fire . With no signs of an end to the war , immigrants have scrambled to flee the nation . International Organization for Migration said Saturday that a boat rescued 1,200 migrant workers and their families who had been stranded around the port cit of Misrata . The area has been bombarded daily by Gadhafi 's forces , according to witnesses . Witnesses have reported dire conditions in the city , including food shortages and the fear of pro-Gadhafi snipers taking aim at anyone walking on the streets . At least 700 people have died since violence erupted in Misrata two months ago , a medical director said . Despite weeks of aerial bombardment by international fighter jets , Gadhafi remains defiant and has rebuffed global calls to stop attacks on civilians . At a news conference in Benghazi , the deputy chairman of Libya 's Transitional National Council appealed to the international community to help prevent further tragedy . He said 1.5 million Libyans were under attack every day . "  We already have warned before that the regime was threatening real massacres against innocent civilians , " Abdul Hafiz Ghoga told reporters . "  The international community is now witnessing what this regime is capable of . The destruction in Misrata and other cities is unacceptable . " NATO has said it needs more precision fighter jets because loyalist maneuvers have made airstrikes much more difficult without harming civilians . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Fred Pleitgen , Saad Abedine , Salma Abdelaziz , Mitra Mobasherat , Hamdi Alkhshali and Bharati Naik contributed to this report	Fighting continues in Misrata , Ajdabiya Hundreds gather at the Libyan ruler 's compound in Tripoli The rally comes after explosions believed to be NATO airstrikes hit targets Libyan forces react with anti-aircraft fire
CNN  Jingle those bells , the holiday season is near . Too near , for anyone who still has n't managed to find something for that special traveler in their life . Forget the usual cliched gifts like journals , luggage tags and Panama hats . We 've got a selection of cool gifts for every type of traveler . Already purchased this year 's batch of presents ? There 's always a birthday to buy for in 2015 . Or something for yourself . GoPro Hero4 Silver The new Hero4 Silver is the first of the popular photography brand to offer a built-in touch display and HiLight Tag , which enables you to mark key moments for convenient playback and editing . That means whether you 're diving , skiing , surfing or strolling through a quaint town , all those travel memories can be captured in high-definition and shared within minutes thanks to its built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth . From $ 399.99 , more info at GoPro Hornet mini-stove Admittedly there are n't many situations where kit needs to be streamlined so keenly that a camping stove that folds down to the size of a lipstick is desirable . And , if anyone does find themselves huddled on the side of a mountain waiting for their tiny burner to warm up a vacuum pack of gelatinous gloop , it 's maybe time to rethink their vacation plans . That said , the tiny , lightweight  44 grams  Hornet is such a cool concept , it 's worth slipping into the tiniest backpack just in case an emergency casserole is needed . The Hornet FMS-300T Mini-Stove starts from about $ 44 and is available online at Fire-maple . com . Gilchrist & Soames London Traveller kit Some lucky travelers already get to enjoy Gilchrist and Soames ' London collection in their hotel rooms . The rest of us are grateful the toiletry collection is available online . The Gilchrist & Soames London Traveller kit includes essentials like shampoo , conditioner , body lotion and lip balm , all in a felt travel tote . Air passengers can deploy these to envelop themselves in a haze of red tea , soy and grape seed that will cunningly conceal the fact they 've been in transit for 24 hours . From $ 28 , available online at Gilchrist & Soames . Jaeger-LeCoultre Duometre Unique Travel Time watch We do n't just love this watch for its shiny , pretty face . The pink-gold Travel Time watch from Jaeger-LeCoultre shows a traveler 's home time , set by turning the crown counterclockwise , and destination time zone , set by turning clockwise . The globe at the six o'clock position displays time zones and a day/night indicator . And in case there 's any doubt over whether it 's EST or CST , major time zones are shown on the back of the watch . From $ 39,000 , more info online at Jaeger-LeCoultre Daines and Hathaway Triple Bar Set For anyone stuck in the desert or facing an unexpected hotel bar drought , the convenience of the Daines and Hathaway is a selling point . Fill two of the flasks with gin , one with vermouth to create a to-go martini wrapped up in a neat leather case . Because camel trekking in the Sahara should n't stop anyone from enjoying a drink . From $ 299 , available for purchase at Pittards "  Travel : The Guide " by Doug Lansky From "  best of " guides to every Palookaville on the planet to navel-gazing meditations on the inner journey some find on the backpacker circuit , travel books come in all types . But we 've never seen one quite like Doug Lansky 's new "  Travel : The Guide , " which punctures travel pretensions and myths with lots of big pictures , surprising graphics and humorous observations . No wonder Peter Moore -- author of "  Vroom with a View , " one of our 15 funniest travel books ever -- blurbed it as "  seriously brilliant ! " Published by Look Books  $ 4.99 ebook , $ 60 hardcover coffee table edition  , available at Amazon.com Beer and Beans Speakeasy Scarf This is no ordinary flap of cloth . Beer and Beans Speakeasy Scarf has a secret pocket in the folds of the fabric to hide travel documents . Besides keeping them hugged close , the scarf makes it easy to whip out passports at the gate . Because no one wants to be the fumbling passenger holding up the line . From $ 52 , available at Speakeasytravelsupply.com Merrell All Out Blaze shoes We 've always loved putting on anything made by Michigan-based outdoor shoemaker Merrell . Which is why we know adventurous travelers will be psyched to dirty up the new All Out Blaze line of lightweight hiking shoes designed to stabilize movement and absorb impact while you "  blaze new trails . " Get it ? OK , it 's a corny pitch line , but shoes like this are meant to be worn out not talked about . Men 's All Out Blaze  $ 130  , women 's All Out Blaze Aero Sport  $ 110  . More info at Merrell.com La Mer 's Sculpting Collection Nobody wants to lug their entire skincare collection on vacation , yet holidays are when our hides tend to take the worst beatings . For those who 've been exposed to too much sun , chlorine , salt water or dry airplane air , there 's the La Mer Sculpting collection , which includes three signature power-treatments for skin : The Treatment Lotion , The Eye Concentrate , The Lifting Contour Serum and Creme de la Mer . Those not familiar with the brand , owned by Estee Lauder , will become believers after one dose of the Creme de la Mer . Instant results . $ 440 , available at Cremedelamer.com Bike-powered Siva Cycle Atom battery charger Cycling and cell phones go together like Lance Armstrong and denial , so its a pity that GPS navigation and fitness apps aimed at riders suck down battery power so rapidly . The solution has finally arrived in the form of the bike-powered Siva Cycle Atom battery charger . Crowd-funded via Kickstarter and due out just after Christmas , the tiny device attaches to the rear wheel , where it converts revolutions into enough juice to amp up any USB-charged gizmo . There 's even a detachable battery so riders can carry away some power in their pocket after the cycling 's done . The Atom , $ 129 , available at Sivacycle.com Lomo'Instant Instagrammed-up cell phones have cast a long shadow over the old school wait-and-see funky photography of Lomo cameras . The new Lomo'Instant , Lomo 's first instant camera , redresses this by shortening the wait for film to be developed without compromising the camera 's artsy vibe . Lomo'Instant Sanermo camera comes with three lenses -- fisheye , portrait and closeup . Like other Lomo cameras , the instant edition allows settings like multiple exposure and color filters and has the largest aperture setting  f/8  among all available instant cameras on the market . From $ 169 , available online at Shop.lomography.com Burberry 's customized poncho Sarah Jessica Parker has one . So does Cara Delevingne . Which means couture-obsessed travelers would probably also love Burberry 's new color-block wool and cashmere reversible blanket poncho . The sizable poncho is a stylish inflight snuggie as well as a functional off-flight fashion item . Initials can be added when ordering . From $ 1,395 , available at Burberry.com Handpresso Outdoor Hybrid set Eight times out of 10 , the complimentary coffee given in hotel rooms is n't going to cut it . Then there 's those middle-of-nowhere camping trips that see travelers willing to wrestle a crocodile if it 'll get them a fresh cup of espresso to start the day . This is where the Handpresso comes in -- a small , portable manual espresso machine that uses ground coffee or E.S.E. espresso pods . The Outdoor Hybrid set comes with four unbreakable cups , an insulated flask to keep water hot and a small reusable napkin . Available online from $ 220 at Handpresso.com SuitPack An unruffled suit is an elusive holy grail for business travelers . There are various unproven mathematical formulas and old CEO tales for stuffing a suit in a bag and having it arrive at the other end in boardroom-imposing condition . A new piece of luggage , cleverly called "  SuitPack , " has taken a proven  we 've tried it several times  creative approach to the problem . Several devices , including shoulder pads , are used for folding the suit . While packing a suit in the suitpack does take a bit of time and requires step-by-step instructions for the first few goes , the time saved at the other end by not having to press or steam it in the shower makes it worth the learning curve . It 's light , sturdy , looks decent and can fit enough extras to accommodate all other clothing needs for a short one-bag-only business trip . It can also get on the plane as carry-on . At $ 149 , there 's a chance it could be sneaked onto the company expense account . Free delivery is currently being offered to the U.S. , UK , Australia , Singapore , India , Hong Kong and several other countries . To order and for more details : suit-pack . com Jo Totes Georgia Nautical camera bag A camera that 's getting knocked around and filthy is n't going to take great travel photos . The Jo Totes Georgia Nautical camera keeps equipment safe -- it 's stylish , too . With blue and white stripes and a brown faux leather exterior , protective foam is sewn into all four sides and the bottom of the satchel . It has adjustable interior pads and plenty of extra pockets , so it can be used as a stylish everyday bag or carryall weekender . From $ 109 , available online at Jo Totes	GoPro 's new Hero4 Silver features a HiLight Tag to mark key moments for playback and editing Doug Lansky 's new "  Travel : The Guide " punctures travel pretensions and myths The bike-powered Siva Cycle Atom battery charger converts revolutions into gadget juice
Health.com  -- The makers of POM Wonderful pomegranate juice say that the drink improves blood flow and heart health , prevents and treats prostate cancer , and works 40 percent as well as Viagra  whatever that means  . All for about four bucks a bottle . Those impressive claims helped the company rack up $ 91 million in sales in 2009 . They also earned the disapproval of the Federal Trade Commission  FTC  . Last month , the agency sued POM Wonderful for making "  false and unsubstantiated " health claims , and is asking the company to remove the claims from its ads . A 100 percent juice drink that contains antioxidants  and no added sugar  , POM is just one of many beverages that bill themselves as promoting better health . VitaminWater , kombucha tea , coconut water , and various brands of juice drinks made from acai , goji berry , and mangosteen have all used health claims in their marketing -- and some , like POM , have been the subject of scrutiny and legal action . The FTC , along with the Food and Drug Administration  FDA  , has been cracking down on food and beverage makers for allegedly overselling the health benefits of their products . In 2009 alone , the FDA warned 17 companies that they were providing misleading nutritional information on their packaging or making overly specific health claims . Health.com : 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat Not all of the products were drinks , but "  the beverage category stands out , " says Bruce Silverglade , director of legal affairs at the Center for Science in the Public Interest , a consumer advocacy group based in Washington , D.C. "  At first blush it seems that beverage products are certainly a large proportion of food products that make bogus health-related claims . " Drinks such as POM have become increasingly popular with consumers in recent years , thanks in part to public health campaigns against soda that have been prompted by the obesity epidemic . "  The trend is away from traditional soda pop -LSB- toward -RSB- products claiming to provide magical health benefits , " Silverglade says . Are the health claims true ? Yes and no . The federal government does n't require companies to vet health claims with the agency before plastering them on product packaging  as long as the claims are accompanied by a disclaimer about their uncertainty  . But that does n't mean the claims are invented -- most are based in research . The research is often funded by the manufacturers , however , and industry-funded research can be prone to bias . A 2007 study found that research on health drinks that was funded entirely by beverage companies was between four and eight times more likely to find a favorable result than research with no industry support . "  If a cell phone company told you they tested all the models and their model came out the best , would you believe it ? Probably not , " says Dr. Lenard Lesser , M.D. , one of the co-authors of that study and a researcher at UCLA . "  The same is true with nutrition research , but the stakes are higher because we 're putting our bodies at risk . " Where 's the line between research and marketing ? Sounds great , hard to believe However far-fetched the claims may sound , POM is standing behind them .  Two weeks before the FTC publicly announced its lawsuit , POM preemptively sued the FTC , claiming that preapproval of ads featuring health claims violates the company 's right to free speech . But are shoppers really convinced that POM can unclog their arteries , cure cancer , and lead to hotter sex ? There seem to be more than a few believers out there . " I started drinking POM after reading the studies two years ago , my triglycerides were almost 1000 ! , " one of POM Wonderful 's 12,000 fans breathlessly posted on Facebook after the FTC announced its lawsuit . "  Working out everyday , drinking POM , and eating healthy , they are now less than 400 . Forget what the Feds say ! I believe !!! "  A triglycerides level of 400 is still nearly three times higher than what 's considered normal . Most health beverage drinkers are n't as enthusiastic as the realtor from Alaska who posted the above testimonial . Quinton Ma , a 22-year-old marketing coordinator at Gawker Media , in New York City , started to drink VitaminWater as a middle schooler because it seemed like a healthy alternative to soda . "  I figured that if they were selling something that I could get extra vitamins from , it could n't hurt to drink , " Ma says . "  Once I learned they were really just cleverly marketed sugar waters , I stopped . " Health.com : You are what you drink But the fact is , even when people do n't buy the health claims they often still buy the beverage . That 's the paradox of products such as POM , Silverglade says : The health claims on these products strain the imagination , yet studies have repeatedly shown that health claims sell food . That 's because these claims -- however improbable they may seem -- distract shoppers from the real nutritional information and hook consumers with buzzwords like "  antioxidant . " This phenomenon is known as a "  health halo , " an aura of healthfulness attached to a product based on labels like "  low-fat " "  all-natural " or "  made with whole grains " that seduces consumers into overeating . According to a study by the FTC , this halo effect can even lead people to overlook warning statements -- about the high sodium content of a product , for example . "  A healthy halo develops around products like these , " says Frances Largeman-Roth , R.D. , Health magazine 's senior food and nutrition editor . "  The health-conscious consumer incorporates them into their lifestyle , thinking that they 're doing a world of good for themselves . " Health.com : Food label know-how : 5 mistakes even savvy shoppers make Ceating a health halo The makers of POM Wonderful have spent $ 34 million on scientific research on POM products and pomegranates . According to the FTC 's complaint , the studies POM has funded do not substantiate the company 's claims , and a closer look at the research seems to bear that out . One of the most prominent claims , that POM can decrease arterial plaque by 30 percent , was taken from a single pilot study that included just 19 people and was funded by the makers of POM . Another claim , that POM drinkers experience a 17 percent improvement in blood flow , was taken from another POM-funded study that included just 45 people and only lasted for three months . "  These days it 's possible for a food company to pay just about anybody to conduct a study , " says Silverglade . Michael Aviram , Ds.C. , a cholesterol researcher at Rambam Medical Center , in Haifa , Israel , defended his studies on pomegranates -- many of them funded by POM -- by noting that they were published in "  very prestigious peer reviewed journals , " including the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition and Atherosclerosis . Dr. Harley Liker , M.D. , a physician at UCLA Medical Center who has also led research funded by POM , directed all inquiries to a POM spokesman . "  A grocery store is a designed marketing environment to get people to buy things , " says Lesser . "  Lots of products are going to try to use health claims from research , often from their own industry , -LSB- just -RSB- to sell a product . " Health.com : 14 health products you probably do n't need Iffy health claims do n't mean that products like pomegranate juice should be avoided at all costs , says Keri Gans , R.D. , a spokesperson for the American Dietetic Association . As long as consumers limit themselves to 8-ounce servings and products with no added sugar , juice can be an excellent source of vitamins and other nutrients , Gans says . But it 's "  not going to solve any of your health issues , " she adds . The bottom line is that consumers should n't believe everything they read on labels . "  If they focus on consuming an overall well-balanced diet , they might not need to focus so much on finding a product that makes false promises , " Gans says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Consumers should n't believe everything they read on labels The FTC and FDA have been cracking down on unsubstantiated health claims Though many health claims strain imagination , they still sell food and beverages These claims distract shoppers from the real nutritional information
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actor Pernell Roberts , who played the eldest Cartwright brother in TV 's "  Bonanza , " died at his Malibu , California , home Sunday at 81 , his lawyer said . Younger TV viewers may remember Roberts from the lead role in "  Trapper John , M.D. , " a medical drama that aired on CBS for seven years , ending in 1986 . Roberts , a native of Waycross , Georgia , spent much of his adult life "  pursuing his dream of equality for all , " according to a family statement released by his lawyer , Richard Stone . Roberts spent the first decade of his acting career on stage -- including Broadway -- before he moved to Hollywood to act in movies . His first film was "  Desire Under the Elms , " starring Sophia Loren and Burl Ives . In 1959 , he landed the role of Adam Cartwright , the handsome and smart son of rancher Ben Cartwright  Lorne Greene  in the new western series "  Bonanza . " His character was serious and introspective , in contrast to younger half-brothers Hoss  Dan Blocker  and Little Joe  Michael Landon  . The move to a television series "  was a difficult transition , " the family statement said . "  Accustomed to freely moving from part to part , now being in a wildly popular show , without costume changes , about three grown men living at home with their father , he found did not hold much creative interest for him , " it said . Roberts walked alongside the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. in the historic 1965 march from Selma to Montgomery in Alabama , the family said . "  On the set of ` Bonanza , ' he protested the use of all white crews and guest stars , finding some support but never enough to satisfy his sense of outrage , " the statement said . Roberts left the popular western after the end of the sixth season in 1965 , although "  Bonanza " stayed in production for another eight years . While the show 's storyline kept open the possibility of his return to the Ponderosa ranch , Roberts never did . He never gained much of a foothold in film , but stage acting kept Roberts busy for more than a decade . He also guest starred in more than 60 TV series . His role of Dr. "  Trapper " John McIntyre , starting in 1979 , was a spin-off of a character from the hit TV comedy "  M * A * S * H. " Roberts played the balding physician working in a San Francisco hospital nearly three decades after he returned from the Korean War . His last regular TV job was in 1991 when he was host of the short-lived ABC police anthology "  FBI : The Untold Stories . " Roberts was married four times . His only son , Chris , was killed in a motorcycle crash in 1989 . His fourth wife , Eleanor Criswill , was by his side when he died Sunday , the family said . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Roberts , 81 , died at his California home , his lawyer says Roberts played Adam Cartwright , eldest of "  Bonanza " brothers Roberts was civil rights advocate , marched with Martin Luther King , family says He 's known to younger viewers as post-M * A * S * H Dr. "  Trapper " John McIntyre
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Model Reeva Steenkamp was shot four times through the bathroom door at the home of Olympian Oscar Pistorius , a South African official familiar with the case told CNN on Monday . She was alive after she was shot and was carried downstairs by Pistorius , said the official , who was not authorized to release details to the media . A blood-stained cricket bat has also emerged as key evidence in the case , according to the City Press newspaper of Johannesburg . Detectives are working to determine whether the bat was used to attack Steenkamp or she used it in self-defense , the newspaper reported , citing a source with inside knowledge of the case . Detectives are also looking into the possibility that Pistorius used the bat to break down the bathroom door . The details are the latest to emerge in the shooting death that has roiled the nation and left South Africans asking what went so terribly wrong inside the upscale Pretoria home of the man nicknamed "  Blade Runner " for his lightning-fast prosthetic legs . The official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said there were indications the 29-year-old model intended to stay the night at the house : She had an overnight bag and her iPad . Opinion : Pistorius case and the plague of violence against women Authorities have released little about a possible motive in the Valentine 's Day shooting , while local media have reported that Pistorius had mistaken his girlfriend for an intruder . South African authorities have stressed that the scenario did not come from them , and said there was no evidence of forced entry at the home . Police have charged Pistorius with murder , and he will appear in court Tuesday for a bail hearing . South African prosecutors have said they intend to upgrade the charge to premeditated murder , but have not released further details . Pistorius , 26 , has rejected the murder allegation "  in the strongest terms , " his agent said in a statement . Nike 's bullet ad with Pistorius backfires Burial service The same day Pistorius returns to court , Steenkamp will be buried in a private service in her hometown of Port Elizabeth . Her burial Tuesday will come two days after South Africa 's national broadcaster aired a pre-recorded reality TV show featuring Steenkamp discussing her exit from "  Tropika Island of Treasure , " on which local celebrities compete for prize money . The decision to air the program took "  much deliberation , " and "  this week 's episode will be dedicated to Reeva 's memory , " said Samantha Moon , the executive producer . The shooting has stunned South Africa , where Pistorius is a national hero as the first disabled athlete to compete in the able-bodied Olympic Games . He competed in the London Games as well as winning two gold medals in the Paralympic Games . Headlines about the case have dominated in the days since Pistorius was arrested , though tight-lipped authorities have revealed little about what , if anything , the track star has said . Questions swirl Reports say Pistorius and Steenkamp became an item around November and were popular in South African social circles . The night before the shooting , Steenkamp appeared to be looking forward to Valentine 's Day . "  What do you have up your sleeve for your love tomorrow ? " she asked her Twitter followers the day before . "  Get excited . " Steenkamp was found in a pool of blood at Pistorius ' home Thursday morning . Neighbors alerted authorities to the early morning shooting , saying they had "  heard things earlier , " police spokeswoman Denise Beukes has said . She did not clarify what the neighbors reported they heard . Authorities also have not said whether Pistorius called for help . Pictures of his walk to a police car , his head covered by a sweatshirt , have flashed repeatedly across television screens . On Sunday , Pistorius canceled his appearances in five upcoming races . The move is meant to help Pistorius focus on the legal proceedings and "  help and support all those involved as they try to come to terms with this very difficult and distressing situation , " said Peet Van Zyl of Pistorius ' management company , In Site Athlete Management . CNN 's Robyn Curnow reported from South Africa ; Chelsea J. Carter and Faith Karimi reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Detectives are examining role of a blood-stained cricket bat , newspaper reports Runner Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder in model Reeva Steenkamp 's death Steenkamp was still alive when Pistorius carried her downstairs , an official says
EW.com  -- "  The Girl Who Played With Fire , " the sequel to last year 's David Fincher-directed "  The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo , " will not be in theaters late next year as had originally been hoped , a source close to the production tells EW . "  Dragon Tattoo " screenwriter Steven Zaillian is still working on the script , and nothing will move forward until the screenplay is nailed down . While there 's still no director attached , Fincher remains the first choice and has n't ruled out returning . And despite the uncertain timetable , the film is still definitely moving forward , although the source says that they are not in a rush and at this point there is no information about when it might be released . In November , Sony Pictures Entertainment Co-Chairman Amy Pascal told us that stars Rooney Mara and Daniel Craig were both locked in for the sequel . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Girl Who Played With Fire " will not be in theaters late next year "  Dragon Tattoo " screenwriter Steven Zaillian is still working on the script Rooney Mara and Daniel Craig are both locked in for the sequel
CNN  -- A Connecticut group home employee has been put on administrative leave without pay after a video that appears to show her abusing a woman resident with an intellectual disorder was sent to the operators of the group home , the state and CNN affiliate WFSB . The video appears to show the caretaker at the group home kicking the woman in the gut , whipping her with a belt and kicking and dragging her across the floor by her hair . The DVD was titled "  The Perfect Employee " and labeled as having been shot at an East Hartford group home . It was sent anonymously and came with no other details . Options Unlimited Inc. , the privately held nonprofit that operates the home under contract with Connecticut 's State Department of Developmental Services , said in a statement : "  We are deeply saddened and appalled by this incident . As soon as we became aware of it , we took prompt action and placed the employee on unpaid administrative leave . " Terrence W. Macy , commissioner of Connecticut 's Department of Developmental Services , said he was outraged by the video . "  Why would one human being do this to any other human being ? " he asked . "  This is a person who requires a lot of support , bathing and assistance eating , " he told WFSB . WFSB 's reporting went on to say that state officials have examined the other residents in the East Hartford group home but "  found no bruises or other signs of recent abuse . " Macy confirmed that the employee depicted is no longer working at the group home . "  This person was immediately put off duty with no pay and pending an investigation , which now will be conducted by the East Hartford Police , " he said . The East Hartford Police Department would not comment on the ongoing investigation . In its statement , Options Unlimited said it was cooperating with the Department of Developmental Services and the East Hartford Police Department . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Video appears to show an employee kicking , whipping and dragging a resident by her hair Video given anonymously to Connecticut authorities , home operator , WFSB Options Unlimited , the home operators , has released a statement of regret
CNN  -- As location-based apps go , Foursquare or Gowalla will work just fine if you 're looking for the spot where all your buddies are having a beer . But what if they discovered an awesome , out-of-the-way spot six months ago ? Or , better yet , what if you did n't even know you were looking for a watering hole until your phone told you there 's one around the corner you should n't miss ? As the novelty of the simple check-in fades , and the abilities of GPS-based location technology expand , some new mobile apps -- call them "  discovery apps " -- are looking to parlay mobile "  noise " into useful , place-based tips . "  It feels like the paradigm shift in the late '90s when Google came along , " said Babak Pahlavan , CEO of Cleversense , which released the app Alfred this month . "  There 's an information overload -- to find something useful for you is a very daunting task . It 's time for a new shift ; it 's time to make sense of it and make it useful for you . " Alfred has been called "  Pandora for the real world . " Users feed it information about their favorite places  mainly restaurants , bars and coffee shops  . Then , theoretically , Alfred -- a mustachioed robot butler -- can suggest similar spots that are nearby , no matter where you are . The free app , currently on Apple 's iOS system , with Android and Windows Phone versions in the works , was rolled out this month and took top honors in the "  Startup Idol " contest at the Fortune Brainstorm Tech conference in Aspen , Colorado . The app , which was two years in the making , uses a Web-crawling algorithm to pull the information together and , according to Pahlavan , recognized the difference between positive and negative chatter about a place . "  There 's so much information on the Web , but it 's all scattered , " he said . "  You almost need an assistant or chaperone to go out and find things to figure out what matters to you . " If Cleversense 's app relies on software , Trover , co-created by the founder of travel site Expedia , is fueled by other folks and their cell phones . Unveiled Thursday after three months in trial mode , Trover is a photography app . But its similarities to hot tools like Instagram or Hipstamatic end there . Instead , it 's about documenting your discoveries , from a cool statue to an out-of-the-way restaurant to the best spot to view the surrounding scenery . Rich Barton , the Expedia founder and a Microsoft alum who also founded real-estate site Zillow , said he and Trover CEO Jason Karas are both avid travelers . "  And we 've been brainstorming for years to figure out a way that we could carry with us , as we went , all our friends ' recommendations on what to do , where to go and what to see , " he said . "  Would n't it be great if we had a little voice whispering , ` Take a right there ' ... or ` Hey , you 're passing the best gelato place in Rome . ' " Using GPS on a smartphone  currently just the iPhone , but with an Android version in the works  , the app shows users photos that other people have taken in the area . Apps like Yelp ! already let users search for restaurants or other destinations . But Trover 's founders say their app does something else . "  People that are using Trover now ... say Trover has become part of the rotation of apps that they use -- Trover combined with Yelp ! and Foursquare and Instagram , " Karas said . "  With Trover , it 's really a different kind of experience . It 's really built more around exploration than targeted search . As you travel around a neighborhood , you can have these serendipitous kinds of experiences . " Used Friday at CNN 's Atlanta offices , the app rendered images of folks standing beside the giant CNN logo , spots in Centennial Olympic Park , concert footage from nearby venue The Tabernacle and even a buffalo head on the wall of a Ted 's Montana Grill restaurant . With about 70,000 users who 've found the app despite it being in stealth mode , the founders have already seen it used in an unexpected way : by street artists and their fans . "  That 's two groups that have never really been able to get together , and they 're getting together on Trover , " Barton said . Users can , of course , create their own "  troves " by taking and uploading pictures of their own . Trover and Alfred are n't the only new apps geared , at least in part , to place-based discovery . Broadcastr lets people upload audio files to an interactive map . Crowdbeacon lets users send questions to nearby users and tap into comments from other mobile apps about surrounding locations . "  With these new  GPS  sensors , it 's all new data , " Pahlavan said . "  It 's about making sense out of it for you , and these new technologies that are forming are about taking all these data points and aggregating it to make it more useful for you . "	As location technology grows , mobile apps are trending toward "  discovery " Trover lets users see photos of interesting things that others have shared nearby Alfred , from Cleversense , uses a Web crawler to compare your favorites to spots near you
New York  CNN  -- A 15-year-old girl goes to the clinic in her New York high school -- perhaps confused , perhaps unprepared , perhaps scared that she may become pregnant . There she might get not only answers but the "  morning-after , " or Plan B , pill -- and not necessarily with her parent 's direct consent . That can happen thanks to the city 's pregnancy-prevention program dubbed Connecting Adolescents To Comprehensive Healthcare , best known by its acronym CATCH . Its aim is to do something about the more than 7,000 girls 17 or younger who get pregnant in New York City annually , with 90 % of those pregnancies unplanned , according to the city 's health department . "  We are committed to trying new approaches ... to improve a situation that can have negative consequences that last a lifetime , " the health department said in a statement . Study : Teen access to Plan B uneven The program , which also allows for the distribution of condoms and birth control pills , began in January 2011 . But it has gotten more attention of late , with most of it about the Plan B pill . The FDA says the pill can be taken after unprotected sex to prevent pregnancy , either by stopping the release of a female 's egg , stopping sperm from fertilizing an egg or preventing a fertilized egg from attaching to the womb . Its purpose is to prevent a pregnancy , not to end one . Some city dwellers have praised the program , calling it a helpful tool to curb teen pregnancy . Others , though , feel that it is a misguided and possibly dangerous intrusion into the lives of families and the authority of parents . Mona Davids , the president of the recently formed New York City Parents Union , is firmly in the latter camp . She believes the city 's department of education and Mayor Michael Bloomberg "  have completely overstepped their bounds " by potentially affecting a child 's health without their parents ' direct knowledge . "  What you 're doing is you 're giving a young child , between the age of 14 and 17 , a chemical drug and hormonal cocktail without the knowledge of the parent , not knowing the medical history or if that child has any kind of drug allergies , " Davids told HLN 's "  Evening Express , " noting teens ca n't get an aspirin in school "  without informed consent " but could get the morning-after pill . In New York , a person must be 18 or older to buy the pill over the counter . Those younger than 18 must have a prescription . The program , which began in five schools and recently expanded to 13 , is not mandatory . Parents can "  opt out " by signing and returning a form to the school . The health department said recently , though , that only 1 % to 2 % of parents have done so . Yet Davids , who has a teenage girl and a young boy , said , "  Most parents I 've spoken to " in schools involved in the program never got a letter from the city 's health or education departments , thus never opted out of the program . She 's not surprised , claiming that the city school system has long had "  very poor outreach to parents . " Still , some city residents -- parents and nonparents alike -- disagree with Davids . At a time when half of teen mothers never graduate high school and 47 % of U.S. high schoolers say they are sexually active , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , they say that the more options teens have , the better . "  Kids are having kids , and that 's the end of their education , " said Frances Mejias , who said she wishes her daughter 's high school had the program . "  Once you have a kid , that 's the end of it , let 's be honest . " Another woman , Holly Macke , said the program was "  not good , but it 's OK " -- especially if the alternative is a teenager having an illegal and possibly dangerous abortion after getting pregnant . "  I think kids are going to get into trouble , so the least the school can  do is  help them out some , " Macke said . One New Yorker who strongly supports the program -- which , so far , has led to more than 1,100 students receiving birth control pills , including Plan B , according to the health department -- is its mayor . Asked about the program that went on quietly for an entire school year before receiving media attention , Bloomberg told reporters that the program is "  nothing new " and noted it was a pilot program . He pointed to progress in the city in lowering teen pregnancy rates , which he claims are down 25 % in the past decade . But the mayor said lowering those rates even further is important , given the personal and academic costs of teen pregnancy . "  There  are  still an awful lot of girls who get pregnant at a very early age , when history shows its very difficult to raise a child and give the child the care it needs when the parent just is very young and has n't had the experience of adulthood , " Bloomberg said . Beyond that , the mayor said he was surprised that a program that 's been running quietly for nearly two full years was all of a sudden a source of controversy . "  We 've been doing this for a long time , " he said . "  There just is n't any big news story . "	Fresh attention is focused on New York program aimed at preventing teen pregnancy High school girls can get the "  morning-after " pill without their parent 's direct consent A parent leader blasts the program and say most parents never got a form to opt out But the mayor and others say such approaches are needed and the program is n't new
CNN  -- Leonard Nimoy is n't letting a health battle stop him from enjoying his life . The "  Star Trek " actor recently revealed on Twitter that he 's been diagnosed with COPD , or chronic lung disease .  The COPD stands for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease . What is COPD ? "  I quit smoking 30 years ago . Not soon enough . I have COPD . Grandpa says , quit now !! " Nimoy , 82 , tweeted . "  Smokers , please understand . If you quit after you 're diagnosed with lung damage , it 's too late . Grandpa says learn my lesson . Quit now . " His admission prompted fans to express their concern for the actor , who 's lately stayed busy with appearances on TV shows like "  Fringe " and "  The Big Bang Theory , " plus popping up at the movies in "  Star Trek Into Darkness . " But for everyone worried , Nimoy has assured them that he 's hanging in there . "  I 'm doing OK . Just ca n't walk distances . Love my life , family , friends and followers , " he tweeted . "  Just taped my comments for Star Trek Fest to be aired on EPIX Feb. 16th . Still enjoying my life . "	Leonard Nimoy has announced he has COPD He encouraged his Twitter followers to quit smoking Even in light of his health problem , Nimoy says he 's still enjoying life
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama is n't giving Republicans time to catch their breath after celebrating an election triumph . He barnstormed into action following Tuesday 's midterm elections , pushing his priorities before Republican leaders can frame their agenda for the new Congress , which convenes in January . Obama challenged congressional leaders he met with over lunch Friday to back his expanding war against ISIS . The President plans to send up to 1,500 more troops to train Iraqi and Kurdish forces while asking Congress for another $ 5.6 billion to fund the operation . On another front for the busy White House , Obama on Saturday named U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch to succeed outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder . The move put Senate Republican leaders -- whose aides said they were not informed ahead of time -- on the defensive . In a volley of news releases they insisted that her confirmation should be put off until the majority-GOP Senate convenes in January . Obama is also pressing lawmakers to approve $ 6 billion in emergency funding to fight Ebola before they leave Washington for the holidays . And the President will head to Asia this weekend to show his authority on the world stage has not been splintered by pending GOP domination of Congress . The President is operating from a playbook by his chief of staff , Denis McDonough , that 's been weeks in the making ; it takes him through the lame duck session of Congress and his penultimate State of the Union address in January . One of his next moves , aides say , will be to use his executive power to reshape the nation 's immigration system before the end of the year , despite Republican claims he will "  poison the well " for future cooperation . But Obama 's time to wield the initiative will be brief . Come next year , he will be hit with a blizzard of bills from the new Republican Congress , including efforts to dismember his signature health care law and policies on climate change . As the President fights the dreaded perception he is a lame duck , his strategy can be summed up in three words -- show no weakness . He is making a clear attempt not to appear morose after an election seen as a repudiation of his administration . Reporters at a post-election news conference sought to goad Obama into admitting culpability for the Democratic meltdown , but he avoided prolonging the story by giving the election defeat a catchy term similar to "  shellacking " -- the word he used in 2010 . Instead he vowed to play the "  fourth quarter " of his presidency well . The approach is designed to maximize Obama 's remaining political capital in Washington , which will quickly dry up once the 2016 presidential campaign fires up . Obama will also deny pundits the political firing squad they are demanding , and has no plans for a big staff shakeup . Even before Tuesday 's election , critics had demanded fresh blood in a White House that critics see as sealed off from political reality . But aides say the kind of shakeup that helped invigorate other late-term presidencies is not Obama 's style . Even now , he is still surrounded by many aides from his 2008 campaign . "  What I am ruling out ... would be sort of a large-scale public firing , " White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Thursday . Still , many aides are worn down by the brutal demands of a punishing presidency weighed down by crisis after crisis at home and abroad -- so there will be some natural turnover with two years to go . But there are no signs Obama will make huge changes in the West Wing or to his Cabinet -- along the lines of President George W. Bush 's dismissal of Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld after the 2006 midterms , when control of Congress flipped to the Democrats . "  There will be some people leaving , but I do n't think there will be a huge shakeup , " said one White House official . One difference from 2006 is that the outspoken Rumsfeld was closely associated with a war that had gone bad -- in Iraq , which was the prominent issue in an election Bush referred to as a "  thumping . " Ditching Rumsfeld allowed Bush to reengineer war strategy with his troop surge , which staved off a humiliating defeat in Iraq . But other than Obama himself , there is no obvious official who encapsulates the failings of this administration , so a satisfying "  clearing out " might impress Beltway insiders but achieve little . Staff changes that do take place will likely come after the president has recharged his batteries and reflected on the way forward during his annual December vacation in Hawaii , an official and a former administration official said . But the big names are staying . National Security Adviser Susan Rice , who earned some rough reviews on Capitol Hill and among some U.S. allies for her sometimes brusque manner , said Friday she was going nowhere . "  I serve at the pleasure of the President and I will continue to serve as long as he 'd like me to , " said Rice . No one expects Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to leave yet , despite whispers about his performance in Washington . The biggest personnel change -- and one of the few that will resonate outside the Washington area code , may be the one involving Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken , whom Obama nominated Friday as deputy secretary of state . The Washington Post reported Friday that former U.S. Under-secretary of State Nicholas Burns is the choice of some administration hands to inject new foreign policy bandwidth into the administration . But Obama 's inner circle is notoriously tough to penetrate , a factor that might put off some potential newcomers . Those mulling their futures include one of Obama 's longest-serving aides , senior policy adviser Dan Pfeiffer , a 2008 campaign alumnus , who had several health scares last year . West Wing staffers are not expecting McDonough to leave . But senior adviser John Podesta 's self-imposed one-year term limit at the White House is almost up . He is tipped to join Hillary Clinton 's yet-to-launched presidential campaign . Ebola czar Ron Klain , meanwhile , is likely in line for a more permanent West Wing policy job . Deputy communications director Jennifer Palmieri is also said to be considering her future , while Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes has not yet made his intentions public . Many people had expected David Plouffe , Obama 's campaign guru , to return to a White House role after the election . But Plouffe is now steering online smartphone taxi service Uber as senior vice president .	President Barack Obama has a fast start after election debacle Moving quickly : More military advisers for Iraq , AG nomination , Ebola funding request Big staff shake-ups have not been Obama 's style , and that 's unlikely to happen
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Ethnic fighting once again engulfed Kenya 's western Rift Valley on Sunday as witnesses and Red Cross officials reported brutal attacks by members of President Mwai Kibaki 's Kikuyu tribe on other ethnic groups . The violence spread to the Rift Valley town of Naivasha on Sunday , where the Red Cross said there were reports of people being burned alive in their homes . Kenya 's main opposition party and the Red Cross said as many as 30 people were killed . Ethnic killings continued in the nearby Rift Valley town of Nakuru , where another 47 people have died since the latest wave of violence began on Thursday , according to the opposition Orange Democratic Movement . The opposition death toll is much higher than police figures , which do not include Sunday 's violence in Naivasha . Police say 31 people have died in the Rift Valley region since last Thursday . Watch CNN 's Zain Verjee report on the violence " In a statement released Sunday , ODM leader Raila Odinga condemned reports of 30 people being burned alive in their Naivasha homes and blamed the Kibaki government for fomenting the violence in the region . "  I condemn this murderous and evil act in the strongest terms possible , " he said . "  What is now emerging is that criminal gangs , in a killing spree , working under police protection , are part of a well-orchestrated plan of terror . " It is a dramatic turn of events , considering Odinga was shaking Kibaki 's hand three days ago after the two met under the auspices of former United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan . Many had hoped Thursday 's meeting , arranged by Annan who is mediating peace efforts , would bring an end to the outbreak of bloody ethnic battles that followed last month 's contested presidential vote . But it seems to have had the opposite effect . Odinga blamed Kibaki 's government for orchestrating the Rift Valley violence "  to try to influence mediation efforts " and "  to divert  attention  from election malpractice to security and violence . " "  After stealing the elections from Kenyans , Kibaki now wishes to deny them justice and peace , " Odinga said . A Red Cross official said the agency had received reports of a non-Kikuyu family burned to death in their house in Naivasha . Television footage showed a man in the back of a police vehicle covered in blood with a large machete wound on the side of his head . Kenyan police dispersed large gangs and cleared rocks littering the streets of the lakeside town , which is dominated by Kikuyu . Tree branches , heavy boulders and oil drums littered the streets of Naivasha 's town center as the Kikuyu gangs erected temporary road blocks , CNN correspondent Zain Verjee reported . She said the atmosphere was tense as the gangs checked cars to identify rival tribes . Verjee said there was a heavy police presence on the outskirts of the town . Some shops remained open but the town center was almost deserted except for the roaming gangs . It was a similar situation in Nakuru on Sunday , where ODM member the Rev. Mike Brawan said members of the Kikuyu tribe "  are flushing out the non-Kikuyus from their houses . " He said Kikuyus are going house-to-house , attacking civilians who are not members of the tribe , as well as looting and burning their property . Police , he said , "  are not doing much . " Brawan said he saw homes burned and people hacked to death in the violence . "  They just die with a lot of pain , " he said . It is estimated -- depending on the source -- that between 500 and 1,000 people have been killed in the violence that followed the December 27 election in which Kibaki kept his post . Odinga , the OMD candidate for president , and his supporters claim the election was rigged . International observers noted some irregularities in the voting . Fighting , centered in western Kenya and Nairobi 's slums , broke out between tribes loyal to Kibaki and Odinga after Kibaki was declared the winner of recent elections . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Zain Verjee and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	Red Cross reports people being burned alive Ethnic fighting kills 47 people since Thursday in western Kenya , opposition says Violence follows meeting between President Kibaki and opposition leader More than 500 people have been killed in violence that followed the election
CNN  -- Pirates in the Indian Ocean attacked and boarded an Italian flagged and owned oil tanker on Tuesday , the European Union Naval Force Somalia said . The incident occurred 670 nautical miles east of Yemen 's Socotra Island . The MV Savina Caylyn was headed from Sudan to Malaysia when five people on a skiff launched a "  sustained attack " on the tanker with small arms and rocket propelled grenades and then got on the ship . At present , there is no communication with the vessel and no information on the status of the 22-person crew , which includes 17 Indians and five Italians .	The incident occurred in the Indian Ocean 22 crew members were aboard
CNN  It is not hard to imagine the conversations inside the Hillary Clinton camp prelaunch : How do we take the best known woman in the world and make her seem like less of a big shot ? How can the people in Iowa and New Hampshire get to know the "  real Hillary , " the Midwestern Methodist ?  As a friend told me , she 's someone who "  likes to sing ` God Bless America ' on New Year 's Eve . "  And how to open the minds of people about someone everyone already has an opinion about ? Same questions , no doubt , that the staff asked in 2008 when she ran against the newbie Barack Obama , and same questions they asked when , as first lady , she ran for the Senate in New York . In that race , she ended up spending a lot of all-ears quality time in upstate New York . In this race , she could be spending a lot of all-you-can-eat time at Diners , Drive-ins and Dives -- just like the TV show .  Except Guy Fieri would probably have been recognized by the crowd at Chipotle . Just sayin . ' Dining aside , it 's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician . All the gauzy ads and the small classrooms and the coffee shops ca n't mask the Houdini-like effort Hillary Clinton is making to escape the inescapable reality -- that even her "  Scooby-Doo " van is followed by throngs of press .  I half imagined an O.J. moment with a helicopter hovering as she made her way down I-80 . Try as she might to launch with a humble start -- not entitled to anything -- she still is who she is . Virtually unchallenged . Not to mention famous , accomplished and controversial . In watching it all unfold , it 's hard to underestimate the task at hand . It 's also hard to figure out whether it 's actually going to work . Hillary Clinton -- and her experienced campaign team -- are disciplined and relentlessly on message . That 's usually a good thing when you 're running a presidential campaign . But when you 're sitting at a community college in Iowa and you tick off your rationale for running and your resume -- unprompted -- it seems less effective and more oddly incongruent .  Especially when the former secretary of state described her tenure in five words -- as "  standing up for our country . " Short shrift , it seems to me . Maybe it 's that the old lessons of message discipline do n't work in the informal environment the campaign is trying to create -- at least not with this candidate . The hardest combination in politics is that just-right mixture of spontaneity and discipline . The ability to understand exactly what you have to say  over and over  and then say it as if you have never said it before . And look like you 're having a great time doing it . We like to call it authenticity , but it 's probably not . It 's a honed skill that combines connection and gravitas , both of which the voters demand in a president .  A majority of voters -- 53 % -- say they want to vote for someone who has been financially successful , as opposed to someone who has not .  So there 's this balance : If you 're too much like them , you 're nothing special to vote for . But if you 're too different , you 're not relatable . It 's a balance that does n't come easily to Hillary Clinton . But she 's not alone . When President George H.W. Bush was running for re-election in 1992 , he was facing his own image issues . His populist challengers were calling him insensitive to middle class woes in the struggling state of New Hampshire . Bush tried mightily to drop the presidential persona , did some town halls , and famously declared : "  Message : I care . " Some said he actually read it from a cue card , but he also said this : "  I do n't know what I have to do to convince people here that I really care about this  the economy  . I do . " He lost . To an empathetic I-feel-your-pain Bill Clinton . And the rest , as they say , is history . Or , in Hillary 's case , at least trying to make history .	Gloria Borger : Hillary Clinton 's team is doing all it can to make her appear relatable to ordinary people She asks if the most famous woman in the world can really connect with ordinary voters ?
Cairo  CNN  -- Thousands of Egyptians filled Cairo 's Tahrir Square on Wednesday , exactly one year after the start of the revolution that ousted longtime Egyptian ruler Hosni Mubarak but , many say , accomplished little else . At times the mood in the square was somber and tense amid fears that violence could break out between protesters and the military . Many people held banners as they chanted slogans against the country 's military leaders . But some celebrated the anniversary and said Egypt has progressed since Mubarak 's ouster . "  This time last year , every person in Egypt was enslaved to Mubarak 's regime , and those who dared speak or write about his tyranny paid a high price , " said Yasmeen Khalil , a teacher . "  Yes , the revolution may not be complete , but I think we have come a long way , and no one can deny it . " Are you there ? Share your perspective from Egypt . Egypt 's revolution last year came on the heels of Tunisia 's revolt that led to the ouster of that country 's leader in January 2011 . Since then , protests against longtime rulers swept across North Africa and the Middle East , including uprisings in Libya , Yemen and Syria . Signs of progress toward a more democratic system in Egypt after the revolution contrasted with the feeling that the real changes protesters had hoped for have not been realized . Egypt 's democratically elected parliament met Monday for the first time since Mubarak was ousted after decades of authoritarian rule . But the country 's influential military , which stepped into the vacuum as Mubarak teetered last year , retains much of the decision-making power . Pro-democracy activists , frustrated by what they say is the slow pace of change , have clashed with the military in Cairo 's streets in recent months . "  It is ironic that the most times I 've ever been beaten , the most times I 've ever felt the threat of danger , was after Mubarak stepped down , " Nour Nour , an activist who was 20 at the time of Mubarak 's fall , said in a recent interview . "  And all of these are very basic indications that the regime that is ruling us at the moment is merely a continuation of the Mubarak regime . " Photos : Looking back at Egypt 's uprising In the recent parliamentary elections , established Islamist parties like the Muslim Brotherhood performed much more strongly than the liberal parties that represented some of the protesters . And a new constitution has yet to be drawn up . Some Egyptians have said the hopes forged by protesters in the heady days of January and February last year were doomed to fall short . "  There were too many expectations , " said Hisham Qasim , a newspaper publisher and human rights activist . "  Raising the expectations was probably the biggest mistake , and media probably have a great part to do with that . " Khalil said she was planning to spend the night in Tahrir Square with her friends , hoping to put pressure on military junta to reaffirm their transfer of power on time , end military tribunals of civilians , increase wages and reimburse families of the of those killed during Egypt 's upheaval . But most of all , Khalil said , she wanted a guilty verdict for Mubarak , whom she said robbed the nation for decades and "  watched his people die in the hundreds without ordering his soldiers to stop . " The ailing Mubarak is on trial on charges of corruption and ordering the deaths of hundreds of protesters during the clashes last year that led to his downfall . He has denied the charges . CNN 's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	"  I think we have come a long way , and no one can deny it , " one woman says Some Egyptians are frustrated with the pace of change after Hosni Mubarak 's ouster There are fears of fresh clashes between protesters and the military on Wednesday Mubarak is on trial facing charges of corruption and ordering the deaths of hundreds
EW.com  -- Most of the muckraking Hollywood movies we think of as classic tend to sketch their dramas inside very clean and satisfying moral lines . "  Norma Rae " was about a feisty union organizer fighting for basic workers ' rights , "  All the President 's Men " was about two fearless newspaper reporters bringing down a corrupt president , and "  Erin Brockovich " was about a heroic ordinary woman battling corporate malfeasance . "  Wo n't Back Down , " a drama about the quasi-disaster that is today 's American public education system , would very much like to be a "  Norma Rae " - style lump-in-the-throat rabble rouser , and to a good degree it succeeds . Yet the movie -- to its credit -- never denies the murky complexity of what 's gone wrong in our schools . The moral lines here are by no means clean or easy to read . The film rightly pins our educational malaise on a great many diverse causes , from students mired in videogames to bad teachers to overly stodgy curriculum to good teachers who have sunk , over the years , into a kind of grinding hopelessness that just about anyone in their position might share . The movie is set in Pittsburgh , where Jamie , a financially strapped single mother played by Maggie Gyllenhaal  she works as a bartender as well as an auto-lot secretary  , learns that her dyslexic daughter , Malia  Emily Alyn Lind  , has been stuck in a dead-end classroom at John Adams , one of the lowest-rated schools in the city . After failing to win a coveted spot in a school lottery  a heartbreaking scene that sets the film 's tone of hope teetering on rickety opportunities for success  , Jamie decides to mount a fight to improve the school she 's stuck with . But it 's not because she gives a damn about being a " crusader . " She 's acting out of a sheer , desperate , practical desire to get her daughter a decent education . She teams up with a gifted but morosely worn-down veteran teacher at John Adams , Nona  Viola Davis  , who is trying to dig herself out of her own hole of apathy . And together , these two ignite a local movement to re-launch the school with a new , progressive program . They have to jump through a nightmarish array of bureaucratic hoops , which the film portrays in agonizing detail . They also have to take on the teachers ' union , represented by Holly Hunter as a manipulative idealist who does n't realize how much her own cherished orthodoxies have , over the years , become part of the problem . "  Wo n't Back Down " has already attracted its share of heat from the nation 's teachers ' unions , so let me say up front that the movie does n't demonize the union so much as it recognizes the point that director Davis Guggenheim made powerfully in his 2010 documentary Waiting for " Superman " : that what the union now stands for -- among other things , many of them good -- is a lack of change . And "  Wo n't Back Down " says that whatever your feelings about the subject , lack of change can not be the answer to our public-education crisis . Trying to cram an informational expos and a vintage inspirational awards-bait weeper into one movie , "  Wo n't Back Down " is awkward at times , yet it 's also passionate in a surprisingly smart way . It makes a genuine drama out of impossible issues . It is also , for the most part , very nicely acted . Gyllenhaal brings perhaps a bit too much movie-star-as-working-class-mom radiance to her role , yet she also makes you feel the agony of what Jamie is up against : the terror that her daughter is going to be doomed from grade school on . Marianne Jean-Baptiste , as the chief Pittsburgh school administrator , does an incisive and witty turn as an ice-cold bureaucrat who still has a trace of fire in her belly , and Viola Davis , in a brilliantly felt and thought-out performance , makes Nona by turns contained , furious , depressed , and stubbornly on point . Davis goes way beyond noble-educator sanctimony to show you the tug-of-war between devotion and despair that now defines too many of our teachers . "  Wo n't Back Down " digs into such a complicated , no-easy-solution subject that I doubt the film will attract a very big audience , despite its genuine rouser of a climactic scene set at a school-board meeting . Yet it actually goes a step further than many of Hollywood 's topical dramas by leaving you with something real . B + See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Wo n't Back Down " is about the quasi-disaster that is today 's American public education system Gyllenhaal brings a bit too much movie-star-as-working-class-mom radiance to her role In a brilliantly felt and thought-out performance , Viola Davis plays veteran teacher Nona
Osh , Kyrgyzstan  CNN  -- The first U.N. aid plane arrived Wednesday in Uzbekistan to help the thousands of people who have fled ethnic clashes in neighboring Kyrgyzstan , officials with a U.N. Refugee agency said Wednesday . The cargo plane carrying about 800 lightweight tents will add to a growing effort to try and aid the estimated 100,000 people who have fled fighting in Kyrgyzstan for refugee camps in Uzbekistan . Several countries , including the United States , Germany and Russia , also have sent aid . The International Committee of the Red Cross has said tens of thousands more people are displaced within Kyrgyzstan and the scope of the humanitarian crisis is "  immense . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called Uzbekistan 's President Islam Karimov from London on Wednesday , thanking Karimov for his help with the humanitarian situation , according to a statement from Ban 's office . The secretary-general promised assistance to affected people in southern Kyrgystan and those seeking refuge in Uzbekistan , and said he intended to consult with key members of the U.N. Security Council upon his return to New York later Wednesday . Relative calm continued in Osh , Kyrgyzstan 's second largest city , Wednesday . But still sporadic gunfire could be heard . The Central Asian nation 's news agency 24 . kg reported that the death toll had risen to 179 , a number that some observers discounted as low . Kyrgyzstan 's interim government had declared Wednesday a day of mourning for families of the many killed and thousands wounded in the violence that started last week . The government had sent extra security forces into Osh and Jalal-Abad , the hardest-hit cities , on Tuesday to help calm the situation . The ICRC says it was able to visit the main detention center in Osh Wednesday for the first time since the crisis started and has delivered food provided by the World Food Program to around 1,000 detainees . The WFP says it has 3,000 metric tons  about 6.6 million pounds  of food -- mainly wheat flour and oil -- in ready for distribution in Kyrgyzstan . The WFP says that 's enough to feed 87,000 people for two months -- and as long as its personnel can get safe and unimpeded access to those in need , they 're prepared to bring the food . However , the WFP says transporting aid from the Kyrgyz capital , Bishkek , is difficult , because the roads are n't safe and commercial trucking companies are reluctant to risk their vehicles . The pressing issue for many aid groups Wednesday was trying to deal with refugee camps that were overwhelmed with refugees . The ICRC is particularly concerned with hygiene , "  with many people drinking from irrigation ditches and reports of spreading dysentery , " ICRC Anna Nelson said . The clashes are part of the most serious outbreak of ethnic violence in the former Soviet republic since 1990 , when hundreds of people died in skirmishes between Uzbeks and Kyrgyz in Osh . "  The past 20 years have been spent working very hard to avoid this kind of conflict , but everyone is aware of the danger , Rupert Colville , a spokesman for the UN refugee agency UNHCR , told CNN . "  The situation is like a striking a match on petrol . " It was not clear what sparked the violence , which came weeks after bloody protests removed Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiev from office . Colville said there 's a strong consensus in the Kyrgyz government that this was n't a spontaneous interethnic clash , but one that was orchestrated and deliberately provocative . "  It 's very hard to confirm anything for sure , but cross-checking seems to indicate a planned , provocative act . The Kyrgyz government is naming names , but UNHCR is not in a position to name names or point fingers , " said Colville . In recent days , more than 100,000 ethnic Uzbeks have fled the clashes with ethnic Kyrgyz , into camps in Uzbekistan , according to Uzbekistan 's Foreign Ministry . The flow of people was so overwhelming that Uzbekistan had close some of its border crossing areas leaving many standing at the border on the Kyrgyzstan side of a barbed-wire fence . Many ethnic Uzbeks that have remained in Kyrgyzstan have had to hide out in abandoned buildings . Red Cross workers came across one mosque outside Jalal-Abad where an estimated 6,000 frightened people have gathered for safety . CNN 's Matthew Chance , Brian Walker , Jill Dougherty , Nic Robertson and Evan Buxbaum contributed to this report .	Red Cross : Scope of humanitarian crisis ` immense ' UNHCR spokesman : Kyrgyz govt . says not a spontaneous interethnic clash , but provoked UN Refugee Agency airlifted aid to Uzbekistan Wednesday morning Death toll at 179 , Kyrgyz news agency reports ; Red Cross estimate is higher
Departures  -- The English countryside -- still green , still rolling , still packed with charming eccentrics -- is more appealing than ever these days , as overwhelmed urbanites are flooding the area in search of a rural idyll . It 's been more than 100 years since Oscar Wilde wrote , "  Anybody can be good in the country . There are no temptations there . " These days , all irony aside , quite the opposite is true . The shires are far from unsophisticated , even if one still must trade Louboutins for Wellingtons when taking those long country walks . The best new additions to the area -- like the ones assembled here -- respect their past , no matter how thoroughly modern they might be . From the dells of Devon to the wooded countryside of Hampshire , from charming Cotswold villages to the Bronts ' wild northern moors , the evidence is manifold . Crumbling estates have been restored into plush , contemporary hotels . And more are still to come : The Nina Campbell-designed Ellenborough Park debuts near Cheltenham in May , and a year from now , ex-Skibo Castle hand Charles Oak will open Heckfield Place in Hampshire . Such is the mood afoot in England , with old-fashioned pubs serving inventive cuisine and upscale stores and spas catering to a cosmopolitan crowd . Today , Wilde be damned , the English countryside is very tempting indeed . Departures : What $ 500 buys in Austin 1 . In Full Bloom : Barnsley House Barnsley , Gloucestershire By the end of last year , the modern London design house Fox Linton Associates had left its mark not only on Coworth Park but also on the redo of this 18-bedroom property in the Cotswolds . Before becoming a hotel in 2003 , the house was the longtime residence of garden designer Rosemary Verey , who filled the 11-acre grounds with purple alliums and weeping cherry trees ; now the hotel 's bold interiors have been redone to better reflect Verey 's aesthetic . Garden-inspired furniture and soft creams and whites play off honeyed stone , and the spa pays further homage to Verey with treatments that highlight the rejuvenating power of plants . The nearby Village Pub , from the same owners , consistently delivers a cozy atmosphere and very good seasonal food , such as Dorset crab , ham hock salad or a bowl of clams and mussels with Cotswold cider , parsley and cream . Rooms start at $ 435 . At Rte . B4425 ; 44-12/8574 -0000 ; barnsleyhouse.com . Departures : World 's best golf destinations 2 . A New Tradition : Lime Wood Lyndhurst , Hampshire Hampshire County is among the most desirable regions for wealthy Londoners seeking weekend retreats , and there have long been good hotels here . Now inns like The Master Builder 's at Buckler 's Hard  themasterbuilders.co.uk  offer some of the area 's top accommodations for less than $ 250  choice rooms are in the 18th-century main building  . But the big news is Lime Wood , a 29-room spot in the middle of the old-growth New Forest that combines luxe design with seamless service . The interiors are by David Collins -- known for doing the bars at several chic London hotels , including Claridge 's -- with sun-soaked ash rooms and an eclectic mix of antique and bespoke furniture . The 22,000-square-foot organic spa , which opened this winter , is the best of its size outside London . Rooms start at $ 385 . At Beaulieu Rd. ; 44-23/8028 -7177 ; limewoodhotel.co.uk . Departures : Best spas for 2011 3 . Pastoral Paradise : Hay Barn Spa Daylesford , Gloucestershire On her 1,500-acre Cotswolds estate , designer Carole Bamford  the force behind the popular Bamford clothing lines  has created Daylesford Organic , a rural oasis dedicated to organic farming . Beginning in 2003 with an upscale food market selling products cultivated on-site , Daylesford now has a caf , a cooking school and a clothing store , and it 's become a destination for a certain London sort  Kate Moss , Liz Hurley , Kate Winslet  who makes the 90-minute drive from the city or has a country home nearby . The real delight , though , is Hay Barn , a tiny day spa and yoga studio with an ecoconscious sensibility : Wool from Daylesford 's sheep insulates the spa 's sustainable wood walls , and therapies feature organic , chemical-free products , many from the Bamford Body line . Treatments start at $ 80 . At Rte . A436 ; daylesfordorganic.com . Bottled Britain Carole Bamford 's five-year-old Bamford Body line of organic products is now available in the States at Barneys New York . Packaged in recyclable materials , the collection uses natural ingredients like rosemary , chamomile and eucalyptus . From $ 15 . 4 . Polo Grounds : Coworth Park Ascot , Berkshire This restored 18th-century Georgian manor , the latest property from the Dorchester Collection , opened in the fall on 240 acres , only 15 minutes from Heathrow and within walking distance of Windsor Great Park , home of the prestigious Guards Polo Club . But there 's no need to leave the property to play the sport of kings : Coworth Park is the only hotel in the United Kingdom that has its own polo fields  built in the mid-1980s by former resident , Selfridges owner Galen Weston  . Coworth guests can ride the grounds themselves and watch professional matches from April through September . There 's also a spa  the Dr. Alkaitis-brand facials use 100 percent edible ingredients  and three restaurants from Michelin-starred chef John Campbell . Rooms start at $ 375 . At Blacknest Rd. ; 44-13/4487 -6600 ; coworthpark.com . 5 . A Chef Comes Home : Hix Oyster and Fish House Lyme Regis , Dorset The Jurassic Coast , three hours from London in western Dorset , is home to some of England 's finest ingredients : hedgerow berries , common nettles , lamb , cod , Dover sole . So it comes as little surprise that the area is increasingly attracting British gastronomes , like London-based , Dorset-born chef Mark Hix , who opened this 45-seat spot in 2008 . Perched above the horseshoe-shaped harbor , the restaurant has drawn a discriminating crowd , and Hix also hosts cooking demonstrations and supper clubs led by well-known writers , artists and chefs . The balcony is delightful at lunch , especially for Portland Royal oysters served with a glass of Sancerre . Dinner starts at $ 50 . At Cobb Rd. ; 44-12/9744 -6910 ; hixoysterandfishhouse.co.uk . Departures : Spring 's hottest gadgets 6 . Under the Big Top : Giffords Circus Cirencester , Gloucestershire The brainchild of Nell Gifford -- who often gets in on the act herself -- this fairy tale re-creation of a traditional 1930s touring circus  dancing horses , twirling acrobats  first took grip of the country 's imagination in May 2000 at the Hay-on-Wye literary festival . With just 360 spectators , the performances have a magical intimacy , the storytelling appealing to adults and children alike , and after evening shows , guests are invited to dine with the cast in a fairy light-strewn tent . Debuting in May , the 2011 show , War and Peace at the Circus , will feature scenes inspired by Tolstoy 's epic novel . Adults , $ 35 ; children , $ 20 . 44-84/5459 -7469 ; giffordscircus.com . 7 . Secret Gardens : Amberley Castle Amberley , West Sussex The British love of garden follies -- fountains , aviaries , pavilions -- has had a resurgence in recent years as a spate of fanciful creations have emerged across the country . The most ambitious is Butterfly World , a $ 40 million development conceived by British lepidopterist Clive Farrell , which will be the world 's largest indoor butterfly house when it 's completed in Hertfordshire next year . On a much smaller scale , there 's Amberley Castle 's Mistletoe Lodge , a private dining space for just two . Perched in the branches of an enormous poplar tree in a quiet corner of the property , the thatched-roof treehouse offers an intimate spot to enjoy dishes like rare roast beef with truffles and vegetables . Rooms start at $ 365 ; dinner , $ 635 . At Rte . B2139 ; 44-17/9883 -1992 ; amberleycastle.co.uk . English Eats Thyme at Southrop is more than an excellent new cooking school . This historic Cotswolds estate now includes four pretty cottages to rent and an exceptional gastropub , The Swan . Courses start at $ 75 ; cottages , from $ 285 ; thymeatsouthrop.co.uk . 8 . Parties by Design : Sophie Conran for Temple Guiting Temple Guiting , Gloucestershire As the daughter of design guru Terence Conran  of the eponymous shops  , Sophie Conran grew up surrounded by some of the world 's most creative minds . Now she 's opened up her Rolodex , curating country house parties in a converted barn at a 15th-century stone manor in the Cotswolds . Conran tailors each retreat to guests ' requests , then calls on her expert friends to deliver the experience : French cooking classes with Michelin-starred chef Eric Chavot , say , or millinery workshops with Rachel Trevor-Morgan , who has created headpieces for the Queen . Conran also redesigned the barn at Temple Guiting to create five unique guest suites . Rooms start at $ 375 . At Rte . B4077 ; 44-20/7706 -1309 ; sophieconrantg.com . Establishment accepts no charge/credit cards or accepts cards other than the American Express Card . 9 . Back to the Beach : The Cary Arms Babbacombe Beach , Devon The thriving British beach holiday of the 19th century waned over the years as travel to other European seaside resorts became more alluring . But the UK coast is back with this 1920s seaside inn that 's been redone by its new owners , Lana and Peter de Savary . The de Savarys clearly know luxury -- Peter reconceived Scotland 's Skibo Castle as a lavish members-only club -- and they 've injected some panache to the modest inn . The eight rooms and three converted fisherman 's cottages have a crisp New England feel , and most overlook Babbacombe Bay , where dramatic red cliffs meet a dolphin-dotted sea . Rooms start at $ 240 . At Beach Rd. ; 44-18/0332 -7110 ; caryarms.co.uk . 10 . Pub Hub : The Devonshire Arms at Pilsley Pilsley , Derbyshire It 's no secret that the English pub , once a place of beer and cigarettes , has grown increasingly posh over the years , with so-called gastropub cuisine even winning Michelin stars . In July the Duchess of Devonshire entered the ring with her revamp of this seven-bedroom village pub , close to the well-known family manse , Chatsworth House . With duck 's - egg-blue , apple-green and raspberry-pink interiors , the inn has a fresh English aesthetic matched by simple , locally sourced food , not least of all slow-cooked corned-beef hash with fried eggs and treacle tarts -- classic English pastries . Rooms start at $ 140 ; dinner , $ 30 . At Rte . A619 ; 44-12/4658 -3258 ; devonshirepilsley.co.uk .  2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The English countryside attracts peace-seeking urbanites Hampshire County is a popular choice for wealthy Londoners seeking retreats The British love of fountains , aviaries , pavilions has had a resurgence in the country
London  CNN  -- As we prepare to embrace a new year , women have been sharing their plans to improve their work lives in 2013 . We asked women to tell us their career New Year 's resolutions , and you have inspired us with your ideas . Whether they 're big ambitions , a change in attitude or new priorities , the women who contributed know what they want and how to get it . Here are some of our favorite pieces of advice -- we hope you find them helpful too : Create time for things that are important Whether it 's creating time for business priorities or life outside work , many wanted to work more efficiently . Amanda Pouchot , founder of The Levo League , an online community of young professional women , said : "  My goal is to be better at prioritizing so that I can leave the office at a reasonable hour and go to the gym . In order to succeed in my job , I need to first take care of myself and be the best I can be . " On The Levo League discussion board Kristen Andersson said : "  In 2013 , I 'll shift my career into next gear by deliberately setting aside time for the two long-term projects I 've identified . " Louisa Crook added on Twitter : "  Going to push forward once and for all with focusing on my niche  content  and stop taking clients that keep me out of it ! " Ask for more Erica , on the CNN comments thread , said : "  Confidence . Even when I 'm not feeling particularly confident , forcing myself to act confident . "  I think it 's important women not be afraid to go after what they want professionally -- which means being direct and asking for that next raise or promotion . This coming year , I will be focusing on squashing that fear . I 'd rather get a hundred ` nos ' than never have asked in the first place . " Also on the CNN comments , cap said : "  This year I 'm working on being more assertive with my opinions and ideas . Working on my leadership skills and putting myself out there and once I am able to do that , ask for a promotion and pay raise . " On Levo League , Kat Reilly said : "  My number one goal for 2013 is to ask for more -- to let others know what I want , to go after it and to take action . " Improve my relationships Dr Letitia Wright , host of the Wright Place TV Show , in Southern California , got in touch on Twitter to say : "  I plan to leverage my relationships  better  in 2013 . Connect on  a  deeper level and make things happen for both parties . " Write a book , or just write  $	Women offer their career resolutions for 2013 Women contacted us through CNN comments and social media We highlight the key themes for professional development for 2013
CNN  -- Sweden 's Peter Hanson will take a one shot lead into the final round of the Masters after posting a seven-under par round of 65 at Augusta National on Saturday . The 34-year-old made a late charge up the leaderboard with birdies at four of the last five holes to eclipse the efforts of home favorite Phil Mickelson . Hanson , who is playing in only his second Masters , said he will have to manage his emotions on Sunday . "  This is kind of a new situation to me , being in the spotlight like this , and playing the last group , " Hanson said . "  So it 's going to be about controlling my emotions and trying to be in the present and trying to play the same kind of golf that I 've been doing today . " Mickelson , a three-time Masters champion , was also in scintillating form on the back nine taking just 30 strokes . Birdies at the par four 10th and the par-three 12th were followed by an eagle at the par five 13th which sent the Augusta crowd into raptures . Further excitement followed at the 15th as Mickelson claimed a birdie four with another coming at the 18th to leave the 41-year-old on eight-under par and in pole position to claim the fifth major title of his career . South Africa 's Louis Oosthuizen is one shot further back after a composed round of 69 while playing partner England 's Lee Westwood had to settle for an even-par round of 72 which leaves him in a tie for sixth on four-under par with Sweden 's Henrik Stenson  70  . America 's Hunter Mahan and Ireland 's Padraig Harrington are also four-under after both men shot rounds of 68 on Saturday . Bubba Watson continues to creep up the leaderboard after another sub-par round  70  moved him up to fourth place . Compatriot Matt Kuchar also shot 70 to finish one shot further back on five-under par . Overnight leaders Fred Couples and Jason Dufner could n't keep pace with the fireworks of the leaders . Both men finished with three-over par rounds of 75 to drop into an eight-way tie for 11th place . Rory McIlroy is out of the running after posting a third round 77 . A double bogey at the first was the first of six dropped shots on the opening nine with another coming at the long par-four 11th . The Northern Irishman clawed back a couple of shots , and nearly holed his approach to the 18th , but at one-over par for the tournament is too far back to mount a challenge . His playing partner , Spain 's Sergio Garcia also had a disappointing day posting a three-over par 75 to leave him one-under after three rounds . Tiger Woods is also out of contention after another even par round of 72 left him 12 shots off the lead . "  I did n't play that badly . It was so close to being a really good round of golf . I did not play the par-fives that well . I just did n't take care of the opportunities when I had them , " Woods said .	Peter Hanson leads the Masters with one round to play after shooting 65 on Sunday Swede is nine-under par , one shot ahead of Phil Mickelson who shot 66 on Saturday Tiger Woods 12 shots off the lead after another even-par round of 72 Rory McIlroy 's challenge fades after a disastrous front nine
CNN  -- A bit of music history was lost Friday morning when flames gutted the Georgia Theatre in Athens , Georgia . The Georgia Theatre in Athens , Georgia , smolders after firefighters put out a morning blaze . The 19th-century building was a cornerstone in the alternative rock music scene that gave the world the B-52s , R.E.M. and the Indigo Girls , said Doc Eldridge , president of the local Chamber of Commerce . The theater , in downtown Athens near the University of Georgia campus , suffered heavy damage from the fire , which was discovered at 7 a.m. , according to Athens-Clarke County government spokeswoman Sandy Turner . "  The facade is still there , but it 's very bad , " she said . "  From the big names to the no names , countless of musicians and groups have left their mark on the Athens music scene from the stage of the Georgia Theatre , " Eldridge said . iReport : Photos of theater burning Sheffy McArthur was a University of Georgia student when he and two friends converted the movie theater into a music venue in 1978 . "  The B-52s paid us to play there , imagine that , " McArthur said . Sea Level , a blues-jazz-rock group that grew from the remnants of the Allman Brothers Band , played the first show in the theater in January 1978 , McArthur said . It became the place "  for alternative music , instead of cover-type stuff for real artists to play , " he said . Wilmont Greene took over the theater five years ago and began renovations . R.E.M. , which formed in Athens in 1980 and became one of the first popular alternative bands , played in the 600-seat theater in the group 's early days . In recent years , the theater served as host for album release parties and benefit shows by R.E.M. , which is based in a building just down the street . "  All of us here certainly wish Wilmont Greene and his staff the best of luck and Godspeed in their efforts to rebuild the Athens landmark , " an R.E.M. statement said .	Georgia Theatre in Athens , Georgia , gutted by fire Friday morning Historic theater known for playing host to notable bands , including R.E.M. Theater was the place "  for alternative music , " said first owner
Conestoga Wood Specialties was founded a half-century ago in a Pennsylvania garage . The Hahn family 's commitment to quality is driven in large part by their Christian faith , which in turn may soon threaten the company 's very existence . That financial and constitutional dynamic is now before the U.S. Supreme Court , in a high-stakes encore to the health care reform law known as Obamacare . The justices will hear oral arguments Tuesday in a dispute involving contraception coverage and religious liberty . The court will review provisions in the Affordable Care Act requiring for-profit employers of a certain size to offer insurance benefits for birth control and other reproductive health services without a co-pay . At issue is whether certain companies can refuse to do so on the sincere claim it would violate their owners ' long-established personal beliefs . "  Our religion is Mennonite ; that is our faith . Our company was founded on that religion as well , " said Conestoga 's President Anthony Hahn , son of the privately held company 's co-founder . "  We feel the government has gone too far in too many instances . It 's been troubling to us as a family . " The modest furniture maker 's pending lawsuit is one of nearly 50 that have been filed in federal courts from various corporations , challenging the birth control coverage benefits in the law championed by President Barack Obama . That law has come in for separate , fierce political criticism over its rocky public introduction last fall . Two separate appeals will be heard together in the high court 's one-hour public session . A ruling expected by late June could clarify whether businesses have a religious liberty right , or whether such constitutional protections apply only to individuals . 5 things to know about Obamacare and contraceptives The companion legal challenge comes from Hobby Lobby , an Oklahoma-based retail giant that will have more than 700 arts and crafts stores nationwide by year 's end . Both corporations emphasize their desire to operate in harmony with biblical principles while competing in a secular marketplace . That includes their leaders ' publicly stated opposition to abortion . Under the ACA , financial penalties of up to $ 100 per day , per employee can be levied on firms that refuse to provide comprehensive health coverage . "  The fines and implications are , in my mind , astronomical , " said Hahn , who employs about 1,000 people . "  It 's devastating to any company . " Hobby Lobby , which has about 13,000 workers , estimates the penalty could cost it $ 475 million a year . The church-state issue now in the spotlight involves three-pronged rules negotiated last year between the Obama administration and various outside groups . Under the changes , churches and houses of worship are completely exempt from the contraception mandate . Other nonprofit , religiously affiliated groups , such as church-run hospitals , parochial schools and charities like the Little Sisters of the Poor , must either offer coverage , or have a third-party insurer provide separate benefits without the employer 's direct involvement . Lawsuits in those cases are pending in several federal appeals courts across the country . The Hobby Lobby and Conestoga claims are in yet another Obamacare category : for-profit corporations claiming a religion-based exemption . These suits follow the high court 's decision two years ago that narrowly upheld the key funding provision of the health care law , a blockbuster ruling affirming that most Americans would be required to purchase insurance or pay a financial penalty , the so-called individual mandate . The constitutional debate now shifts to the separate employer mandates and whether corporations themselves enjoy the same First Amendment rights as individuals . Three federal appeals courts around the country have struck down the contraception coverage rule , while two other appeals courts have upheld it . That "  circuit split " made the upcoming Supreme Court review almost certain . David Green and his family are Hobby Lobby 's owners and say their evangelical Christian beliefs clash with parts of the law 's mandates for comprehensive coverage . They say some of the drugs that would be provided prevent human embryos from being implanted in a woman 's womb , which the Greens equate with abortion . Those drugs include Plan B contraception , which some have called the "  morning after " pill . The large retailer says it already provides coverage for 16 federally approved forms of contraception -- such as condoms and diaphragms -- for its roughly 13,000 employees , who Hobby Lobby says represent a variety of faiths . The White House has said it believes a requirement on contraception coverage is "  lawful and essential to women 's health " and expressed confidence the Supreme Court would ultimately agree . Obamacare 's supporters say it does not require individual company owners to personally provide coverage they might object to but instead places that responsibility on the corporate entity . "  Throughout our nation 's history , corporations have been treated differently than individuals when it comes to fundamental , personal rights of conscience and human dignity , " said lawyers for the Constitutional Accountability Center , a progressive public-interest legal group . "  The First Amendment 's free exercise guarantee has always been viewed as a purely personal liberty . " But lawyers representing the Hahns say they deserve freedom from what they call state intrusion into private moral decisions . "  The question in this case is whether all Americans will have religious freedom and will be able to live and do business according to their faith , " said Matt Bowman , senior legal counsel with the Alliance Defending Freedom . "  Or whether the federal government can pick and choose what faith is , who are the faithful , and where and when they can exercise that faith . " A key issue for the justices will be interpreting a 1993 federal law known as the Religious Freedom Restoration Act , requiring the government to seek the "  least burdensome " and narrowly tailored means for any law that interferes with religious convictions . Can companies , churches , and universities be included , or do the protections apply only to "  persons ? " The justices have a good deal of discretion to frame the competing issues and could reach a limited "  compromise " decision through narrow statutory interpretation . They could conclude individual owners can make the religious freedom claim , bypassing the corporate rights argument . Liberals have criticized the conservative majority high court for being overly sympathetic to business interests . The botched rollout of HealthCare.gov , the federal Obamacare website , has become another political flashpoint along with other issues that many Republicans say proves the law is unworkable . Some legal analysts say the birth control mandate cases are only the beginning of a broader legal fight that could extend to end of the decade . "  It would n't be surprising if we had a case at the Supreme Court every year for the next five about Obamacare , as the lower courts get in the nitty-gritty of exactly how to implement this complicated statute , " said Thomas Goldstein , a leading appellate attorney and the publisher of SCOTUSblog . "  There are a lot of ambiguities ; there are a lot of new rules that agencies are  adopting  . There 's a lot of anger and a lot of contention about putting this statute into effect . " As for Conestoga , Anthony Hahn and his wife , Carolyn , believe they are on the right side of the legal and moral argument . They live in Lancaster County with their four children , just down the street from their second-generation kitchen cabinet business , which has expanded over the years into four other states . Nearby are Anthony 's two brothers , who also work at the company , and his parents , Norman and Elizabeth Hahn . "  It 's really not only just for Conestoga . We 're taking a stand for other businesses as well , " said Anthony Hahn about his appeal . "  This is a religious liberty issue that is concerning to us . " The cases are Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby Stores , Inc.  13-354  ; and Conestoga Wood Specialties Corp. v. Sebelius  13-356  .	Hobby Lobby , Conestoga Wood Specialties say they run their firms with Christian values Obamacare 's contraception coverage requirements violate those values , they say Requirements apply to the corporations , not the individual owners , the government says The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments on the two cases on Tuesday
LONDON  CNN  -- Iran offered to stop attacking coalition troops in Iraq nearly four years ago in an attempt to get the West to accept Tehran 's nuclear program , a British diplomat told the BBC in an interview aired Saturday . John Sawers , British ambassador to the U.N. , told BBC of Iran approaching Western nations with offer . "  The Iranians wanted to be able to strike a deal whereby they stopped killing our forces in Iraq in return for them being allowed to carry on with their nuclear program -- ` We stop killing you in Iraq , stop undermining the political process there , you allow us to carry on with our nuclear program without let or hindrance , " said John Sawers , now the British ambassador to the United Nations , in the documentary , "  Iran and the West : Nuclear Confrontation . " The United States and other Western nations believe Iran is pursuing a nuclear weapons program , but Iran says it is developing nuclear capability to produce energy . Iran also has been accused of sponsoring terrorists and supplying weapons to Iraqi insurgents . The latter prompted a warning from the United States that such behavior by Tehran "  would be regarded by us as enemy action , " Philip Zelikow , a State Department counselor , told the BBC . Then , Iran began shopping its offer around Europe , Sawers said . Sawers , Britain 's political director at the time , reveals the behind-the-scene talks from 2005 -- when roadside bombing against British and American soldiers in Iraq peaked -- were held with British , French and German diplomats at hotels in London , Paris and Berlin . "  And then we 'd compare notes among the three of us , " Sawers told the BBC . The British government dismissed the offer and Iran 's nuclear enrichment program restarted once again , the BBC reports Iran has denied offering any such deal and reiterated its position Saturday . "  Iran 's high officials have repeatedly stated that Iran has not had any part in attacks against American and British forces , and there is no evidence to support these baseless accusations , " Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Hassan Qashqavi said , according to the semi-official Mehr News Agency . Interviews with top brass from former President Bush 's administration and British envoys indicate that Iran and the West had neared agreements several times in the past few years , but never reached success . Nick Burns , who was in charge of the Bush administration 's State Department policy with Iran , said taking a tough approach with Iran did n't seem effective . "  We had advocated regime change , " Burns told the BBC . "  We had a very threatening posture towards Iran for a number of years . It did n't produce any movement whatsoever . " The documentary aired a day after the Washington-based Institute for Science and International Security released a report stating that Iranian scientists have reached "  nuclear weapons breakout capability . " The report analyzed the finding of the U.N. 's nuclear watchdog agency , the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  . However , an IAEA official who asked not to be named cautioned against drawing such dramatic conclusions from the data , saying Iran 's stock of low-enriched uranium would have to be turned into highly enriched uranium  HEU  in order to be weapons-grade material . That has n't been done , the official said . Meanwhile , Iran 's relationship with the West continues to be strained , though both sides have indicated interest in holding direct talks . President Obama , in his first prime-time news conference held earlier this month , said the United States is looking for opportunities for "  face-to-face " talks with Iran after an absence of diplomatic ties for nearly three decades . "  There 's been a lot of mistrust built up over the years , so it 's not going to happen overnight , " he said . And Iran 's powerful parliament speaker and former nuclear negotiator , Ali Larijani , has called the Obama administration "  an exceptional opportunity for Americans . "	Iran approached diplomats with offer nearly four years ago , BBC told Diplomat : Iran offered to stand down in Iraq if West would accept its nuke program Iran denies involvement in fighting in Iraq , says allegations are "  baseless " Despite strained relations , Obama administration has hinted at direct talks
EW.com  -- " Like smoke , I stick around , " Winehouse purrs on "  Lioness : Hidden Treasures . " It 's a strange thing to hear the late songstress promise : Sticking around was never really her thing . For her , anything not meant to last -- the golden years of Motown , doomed romance -- was always worth loving more fiercely . So it 's bittersweet that this not-totally-essential set of covers and rarities refuses to let her leave us for good . True , as posthumous albums go , it 's leagues beyond hastily assembled fare like Michael Jackson 's "  Immortal . " That 's a credit to producers Salaam Remi and Mark Ronson , who also helmed her 2006 classic "  Back to Black . " Wisely sticking to early versions of girl-group gems  Ruby & the Romantics ' " Our Day Will Come "  , outtakes  2002 's ? uestlove-aided " Halftime "  , and alternate versions of singles , the album largely sidesteps the dozen or so post - "  Black " recordings that Winehouse made while battling her addictions .  "  Lioness " includes just two original tracks . Hearing the clear-eyed , full-voiced Winehouse of 2004 's " Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow " give way to the scorched rasp of 2008 's " Between the Cheats " is heartbreaking . It 's only on Leon Russell 's " A Song for You " that it 's clear she had anything left to give after "  Black . " Recorded at home in the spring of 2009 , it reveals the singer at her most raw : " When my life is over/Remember when we were together/And I was singing this song for you , " she cries , her voice growing quieter and quieter . Like smoke , she was fading away before she was gone . EW.com rating : B CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Lioness " is leagues beyond hastily assembled fare like Michael Jackson 's "  Immortal . " The album largely sidesteps the dozen or so post - "  Black " recordings Recorded at home in the spring of 2009 , it reveals the singer at her most raw
CNN  -- As Egyptian authorities vowed quick vengeance for a terrorist attack that killed 16 soldiers , officials in Egypt and Israel disagreed as to who was to blame for the bloodshed . On Sunday , attackers with semiautomatic weapons and hand grenades stole two armored vehicles from Egyptian forces and tried to enter Israel . Israel blamed militants associated with the group Global Jihad for the violence . Egyptian military officials called the attackers "  enemies " of the nation . The Muslim Brotherhood accused the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad for the killings . Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy , who resigned from the Muslim Brotherhood before he took office recently , condemned the attack , which also wounded seven soldiers , three critically . He vowed Monday "  to capture those who conducted this traitorous attack on our sons . " Morsy and Egypt 's long-time top military leader , Field Marshal Muhammad Tantawi , visited Monday the area where the attack on the troops , who were breaking their Ramadan fast at sunset , took place . According to the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , there were 35 assailants -- terrorist factions from Gaza , it said -- involved in the attack near the Rafah border crossing in the Sinai , a restive area of Egypt where there have been kidnappings and armed clashes in recent months . "  Egyptians will not have to wait long before they see a reaction to this attack by terrorists , " the SCAF said on its Facebook page . Eight attackers were killed by Israeli forces , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak told a TV audience . One of the vehicles exploded at the border , and the other was attacked by Israel 's air force as it was entering Israeli territory , a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces said . More : Clinton warns Sinai could turn into jihadist haven The Rafah border crossing has been closed indefinitely , North Sinai security official Ahmed Bakr said . And more Egyptian military forces have been deployed to the area to assist . "  Our forces will impose a full control on these areas , " Morsy said in an address to the nation . "  Sinai is safe and fully under control -- those who did this will pay a high price . " The Israeli Foreign Ministry issued a statement Monday giving "  condolences to Egypt and to the Egyptian people " after the attack , which "  was meant to slay Israelis as well . " The violence was "  aimed at shattering the peace agreement between Israel and Egypt , " it said . Barak briefed a Knesset subcommittee on the incident . "  IDF forces ... showed vigilance , sharpness , and purposefulness in thwarting the terrorist attack that could have caused many casualties , " he said . "  The terrorists ' operational means once again demonstrate the need for a determined move by our Egyptian counterparts in order to enforce the rule of law and security in the Sinai region . " According to the Israel Defense Forces website , IDF spokesman Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai said Sunday that Israel had obtained intelligence before the attack that "  enabled the IDF to prevent the Global Jihad terrorists from infiltrating from Egypt into Israel . This is an extremely serious incident . " The IDF is "  is in contact with the Egyptians and we will study this event , which is a product of the terror infrastructure in Sinai . " "  We tracked this attempted attack , and fortunately there are no injuries among IDF forces or residents of the area , " Mordechai said . In recent months , Israeli forces have been involved in clashes with militants near the Jewish state 's border with the Sinai . In June , attackers fired on Israelis working on the security barrier between the two countries . Egyptian intelligence officials have said that cells of al Qaeda and other extremist groups are operating in Sinai . Americans have been abducted in Sinai and then released shortly afterward several times so far this year . Kidnappings and armed robberies have increased since a popular uprising ousted Egypt 's long-ruling dictator , Hosni Mubarak , last year . Morsy called on the military council Monday to hold an emergency meeting , state TV in Egypt reported . Hamas , the movement that controls the Palestinian territory of Gaza , condemned the Sunday attack , calling it an "  ugly crime . " Hamas officials closed all border tunnels connecting Gaza with Egypt after of the attack , according to Tahir Al-Nono , a spokesman for the Palestinian Authority in Gaza . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Yousuf Basil and Talal Abu-Rahma contributed to this report .	NEW : 16 Egyptian soldiers were killed and seven were wounded Sunday in the attack NEW : Muslim Brotherhood blames Israel for the attack NEW : Egyptian military says revenge will be swift Israel blames members of the group Global Jihad for the violence
CNN  -- RIA Novosti , Russia 's state-run news agency , reported on its own demise Monday after a decree by President Vladimir Putin created a new agency called Rossiya Segodnya . The new agency , whose name means "  Russia Today , " combines RIA Novosti and state-owned Voice of Russia radio . According to the report , the move is "  the latest in a series of shifts in Russia 's news landscape , which appears to point toward a tightening of state control in the already heavily regulated media sector . " RIA Novosti was founded in 1941 , just after Nazi Germany invaded Russia , and has grown to a network of reporters in 45 countries and services in 14 languages . The Kremlin says the changes are necessary to save money and make state media more effective . "  It 's difficult to explain this to the world , but we can do this , and we must do this , " Sergei Ivanov , head of Russia 's presidential administration , told reporters . The Kremlin appointed controversial television host Dmitry Kiselyov to run the new state media group . He was recently embroiled in a scandal over anti-gay remarks , according to RIA Novosti . CNN 's Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva contributed to this report .	Russia eliminates 72-year-old RIA Novosti news agency The move shows tightening of state control over media , report says Controversial TV host will be in charge of new state media agency
CNN  -- Twitter users erupted in anger Saturday after discovering shirts listed on Amazon with a slogan that appeared to promote rape and violence against women . The shirt read "  Keep Calm and Rape On " and was available on Amazon 's UK website . The company that prints the shirts , U.S.-based Solid Gold Bomb , removed the listing after it was notified of the slogan . The company also removed a shirt with the slogan "  Keep Calm and Hit Her . " Solid Gold Bomb apologized , saying the slogans were computer-generated and the company did not deliberately create them . House passes Violence Against Women Act after GOP version defeated Founder Michael Fowler posted a message on the company 's website saying he was "  extremely sorry " for the issue . "  We simply do not produce poor humor or offensive products , " Fowler wrote . "  As a father , husband , brother and son , I would never promote such product in our company and it was clear to see this when looking across the millions of T-shirts that we offer or can produce on demand . Had these items ever sold , we would have immediately pulled the series and are doing so on our own and Amazon channels worldwide . " His explanation came too late for many on Twitter who called the shirts "  disgusting . " " @solidgoldbomb 1/4 women will be the victims of sexual violence . Yay you for trivialising it so heinously , " wrote @Seja75 . "  When will industries take responsibility for messages they put into the world ? " wrote Twitter user Kate Merrick . Users also focused their anger on Amazon for listing the shirts . "  Amazon fail , " tweeted user Richard Machtel . Amazon 's spokesman in Britain , Ben Howes , gave a statement to CNN saying , "  I can confirm that those items are not available for sale . " The shirts were never actually printed , explained Pete Ashton , a blogger in Birmingham , England , who writes about the Internet . Companies such as Solid Gold Bomb offer slogans and designs for their apparel , and they are printed on demand when a customer orders one , he said on his site , iam.peteashton.com . Beyond vomiting , how to prevent rape There are more than 540,000 Solid Gold Bomb items for sale on Amazon , which indicates they ca n't all be waiting in a warehouse for shipment . "  The shirts do n't exist , " Ashton writes . "  All that exists is a graphics file on a computer ready to be printed onto a shirt if an order comes through . Still , you might say , someone had to make that file , to type those words and click save . Not necessarily . " Company founder Fowler says the slogans were started a year ago as a parody of the British wartime slogan "  Keep Calm and Carry On , " which was intended to encourage Britons to keep up their spirits . Company computers created a combination of words that played off the slogan , taking into account character length and graphic resemblance to the original phrase , he said . Said Ashton , "  Yes , Amazon should n't be advertising these shirts . Yes , Solid Gold Bomb should have checked through their verb list before starting the algorithm . But as mistakes go it 's a fairly excusable one , assuming they now act on it . " Check out the latest news from CNN.com CNN 's Per Nyberg in London contributed to this report .	The company that prints the shirts took them off the site The company 's founder says it was a mistake and he 's "  extremely sorry " Amazon , blogger say T-shirts did n't exist , were never available for sale Founder : Company computers created word combinations playing off a slogan
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Demand for the world 's largest , most expensive yachts is on the rise ahead of the Monaco Yacht Show this week . Ships moored at the Moncao Yacht Show . "  We 've gotten the strongest forward order book that we 've ever had . It 's the best outlook we 've ever had since we 've started the company , " said Toby Allies , Sales and Marketing Director for Pendennis , a leading British manufacturer and re-fitter of superyachts . Amid the global recession , the worldwide market for luxury goods has plummeted over the last year , expected to shrink 10 percent for 2009 according to global business consultants Bain & Company . A few sectors , though , have shown surprising strength and even growth amid the downturn , including British-made superyachts . The British market for superyachts grew more than 15 percent during the fiscal year ending June 1 , 2009 , according to a new survey . Overall revenue increased to a record $ 663 million  # 410 million  and jobs across the industry increased five percent , according to Superyacht UK , the trade group who conducted the survey . Since last September , yacht sales tanked in many parts of the world , particularly as cash dried up among clients from Russia and the Middle East . "  It was a difficult year , many manufacturers had to cut down on production numbers and give larger discounts , " said Georges Tchoumak , Head of Sales and Marketing for Numarine , a manufacturer of superyachts based in Turkey . In France three of the four publicly-traded yacht companies who make yachts that cost more than $ 40 million took advantage of the country 's bankruptcy laws to stave off collapse , including Rodriguez Group , the company who built Bernard Madoff 's yacht "  Bull . " Though affected by the recession , the UK industry managed to buck that trend , buoyed by a decline in the pound . "  In the last quarter of 2008 through the end of first quarter 2009 there was virtually zero activity in the large yacht sector , " said Tim Wiltshire , Director of Burgess Yachts , a UK-based high-end boat manufacturer . Wiltshire said that at their worst , transactions were down 60 percent compared with the previous year , but that volume had recently returned , particularly in brokerage sales of used yachts . Heading into Monaco , manufacturers around the world including the UK now appear poised for a robust rebound . "  There have been a dozen significant sales in the past quarter ... enough of our customers think it 's unlikely to get much worse . " But whiles sales have picked up , Wiltshire predicted it could take years for sale prices to reach the premiums of only a few years ago : "  Since early summer -LSB- business -RSB- has picked up significantly ... We are back on par with 2007 , albeit at reduced values , " he said . Manufacturers across the UK share Wiltshire 's optimism , according to the survey . Ninety-five percent of UK companies questioned rated their prospects for the year ahead either "  good or excellent "  56 percent  or "  OK "  39 percent  . At Numarine "  things are looking better for the last three months , " Tchomak told CNN . "  We 've had more sales in the past three months than in the previous 12 months , " he wrote in an email . At Pendennis , directors have changed their business strategy to accommodate the anticipated growth . "  We 've increased our investment in infrastructure for large yachts , " said Ailes . "  Improving facilities and looking to recruit more people to work on boats up to 70 or 80 meters . " One of the reasons cited for the strength in Britain 's superyacht business compared with manufacturers in other European countries has been the declining value of Sterling against the Euro . Hugo Andreae , Editor-in-Chief of Superyachtworld magazine said that the exchange rate helped , but the high quality of British boats and sustained demand among the world 's wealthiest had helped hold up sales . Andreae also explained that one of the effects of the recession has been to shift demand from new builds to the used boat brokerage and chartering markets . "  There are signs that things are picking up ... Monaco is the premiere big yacht show and it 's the real acid test of whether -LSB- the rebound -RSB- is the odd sale being picked up at a good price , or if the market has reignited properly , " explained Tom Chant , International Commercial Manager for Superyacht UK . If interest in the Monaco Yacht Show is any indicator , then sales can be expected to meet bullish expectations . The annual end-of-summer yachting industry and yacht owners ' conference is fully booked this week . The number of double-decker pavilions has doubled since last year , but in spite of the event 's increased provision of these more expensive , higher visibility exhibition spaces supply still fell short of demand . In the United States yacht manufacturers also say they 've seen a recent surge in interest in new construction of yachts over 150 feet . "  Over the last 45 days , all of a sudden , the inquires have started coming along really strong . That bodes well for the Monaco Yacht Show , " said William Smith , V.P. of Sales and Marketing for Trinity Yachts . "  It 's fair to say sales came to a shuddering halt after the Monaco show last year . " In another sign that interest in the top-end of the yacht market is back , Luxury retailer Hermes recently announced plans to team up with Wally , the Monaco superyacht company , to build a $ 145 million  $ 100 million  yacht . Sales to Russia , the Middle East and other developing countries have rebounded more quickly than sales to Europe and the U.S. , according to Smith , as uncertainty about the markets has subsided and boosted consumer confidence . In the past six months , Trinity had only had one inquiry from an American , which came in the last few weeks . Trinity , the largest U.S. retailer of megayachts , has had two projects out of 17 builds stall due to the recession , both about 164 feet long . Smith said the owners can either come back and pay for them to finish the work or let Trinity sell them . Throughout the downturn Trinity was able to continue to deliver ships at a record pace , thanks to a hearty backlog of orders placed during the markets peaks .	The British market for superyachts grew more than 15 percent last year After a year of steep declines , sales for new yacht constructions are picking up The Monaco Yacht Show is fully-booked this week , showing renewed interest Hermes teams up with Wally to build $ 145 million ultra luxury yacht
CNN  -- Arsenal recovered from two goals down at halftime to beat Aston Villa 3-2 in their English FA Cup fourth round tie at the Emirates Sunday . Arsenal looked headed out of this year 's competition after goals from Richard Dunne and England striker Darren Bent left them trailing . But Arsene Wenger 's men grabbed three goals in eight second half minutes to spare their blushes in the all-Premier League clash . Two Robin van Persie penalties to take his tally for the season to 25 were separated by a Theo Walcott goal . "  We wanted to stay in the Cup , " Wenger told ESPN as he explained their recovery . "  Two-nil was very harsh for us at half-time . It was just a question of keeping our structure and then we got an early  goal to make it  2-1 . " In an earlier clash Sunday , Sunderland salvaged a 1-1 home draw against second flight north-east neighbors Middlesbrough . Barry Robson gave Middlesbrough a deserved first half lead , but it was his mistake that allowed Frazier Campbell to score the equalizer on his return after a long-term injury . The winners of their replay will take on Arsenal in the last 16 , while Liverpool 's reward for knocking bitter rivals Manchester United out of the FA Cup Saturday was a home tie against second-tier Brighton . Tottenham , third in the Premier League , must travel to Stevenage , who play in the third flight , while favorites Chelsea are at home to Birmingham , who won last season 's League Cup but were also relegated .	Robin van Persie scores twice as Arsenal beat Aston Villa 3-2 Arsenal trailed 2-0 at halftime in FA Cup fourth round tie Sunderland and Middlesbrough draw 1-1 in north-east derby Liverpool drawn at home to Brighton in last 16 draw
CNN  -- Major League Baseball player Ryan Braun has been suspended without pay for the rest of the 2013 season for violating the league 's drug policy , Commissioner Bud Selig announced Monday . The Brewers have 65 games remaining this season , so Braun 's punishment amounts to a 65-game suspension . Braun , 29 , an outfielder for the Milwaukee Brewers , admitted to wrongdoing and apologized for his actions in a statement , saying "  I am not perfect . " An ESPN report last month named Braun as one of 20 players facing suspension due to a scandal involving performance-enhancing drugs . Michael Weiner , the executive director of the Major League Baseball Players Association , said he was pleased by Braun 's admission . Twitter explodes with reactions "  I am deeply gratified to see Ryan taking this bold step , " Weiner said in a statement . "  It vindicates the rights of all players under the Joint Drug Program . It is good for the game that Ryan will return soon to continue his great work both on and off the field . " The 2011 National League MVP and five-time All-Star had faced a 50-game suspension last year . A drug test showed high levels of testosterone in his body , but Braun successfully disputed the testing process , and the suspension was overturned in February . Major league players can appeal any possible suspensions , as Braun did in 2012 . Performance enhancing drugs in sports "  As I have acknowledged in the past , I am not perfect , " Braun said in his statement . "  I realize now that I have made some mistakes . I am willing to accept the consequences of those actions . "  This situation has taken a toll on me and my entire family , and it has been a distraction to my teammates and the Brewers organization . I am very grateful for the support I have received from players , ownership and the fans in Milwaukee and around the country . Finally , I wish to apologize to anyone I may have disappointed -- all of the baseball fans especially those in Milwaukee , the great Brewers organization , and my teammates . I am glad to have this matter behind me once and for all , and I can not wait to get back to the game I love . " Rob Manfred , MLB 's executive vice president for economics and league affairs , also commended Braun for taking responsibility for his actions . "  We all agree that it is in the best interests of the game to resolve this matter . When Ryan returns , we look forward to him making positive contributions to Major League Baseball , both on and off the field , " Manfred said in a statement . Braun was the 2007 National League Rookie of the Year and by the 2011 season , he was considered the cornerstone of the Brewers franchise . He signed a five-year , $ 105 million contract extension and went on to help lead the Brewers to the playoffs for the only the fourth time in team history . His performance earned him that year 's National League MVP award . Shortly after his amazing season , however , a urine sample taken during the playoffs tested positive for an elevated level of testosterone . Faced with a 50-game suspension , Braun appealed the decision , and an arbitrator overturned the suspension on what some , including the chief executive of the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , said was a technicality . CNN 's David Close contributed to this report .	Brewers outfielder Ryan Braun admits to wrongdoing and apologizes The 29-year-old faced suspension for a drug violation last year He disputed the testing process , and the suspension was overturned Braun : "  I realize now that I have made some mistakes "
CNN  -- A 6-foot-4 football player is more than a million times the size of a typical Staphylococcus bacterium . But under the right conditions , that athlete could find himself defenseless against the microscopic bug . Kellen Winslow recently had a second staph infection and has accused his team of covering it up . The problem came to the forefront last week with Cleveland Browns player Kellen Winslow , who recently had his second staph infection . He is reportedly the sixth player to acquire staph among the Browns in five years . Winslow recently said the Browns treated him like a "  piece of meat " when he was hospitalized for the condition , and he claimed they covered up the cause of his illness . After Winslow spoke out , the organization suspended him for one game , then rescinded the suspension after a settlement with Winslow over the weekend . The Browns said in a statement Saturday that the team and Winslow had worked through their differences , and that the team looked forward to his return . Winslow joined the team again Monday . Peyton Manning of the Indianapolis Colts was revealed to have a staph infection , the Indianapolis Star reported Friday . University of North Carolina-Asheville fans also recently learned that Kenny George , the 7-foot-7 center on the basketball team , had a staph infection complication that led to part of his foot being amputated . It 's unclear how these high-profile athletes acquired their infections , but locker rooms have been found to habor staph bacteria in previous outbreaks . The topic is generating buzz throughout the sports world as more players ' staph cases are revealed . Hospitals have long been known to be hot spots for transmitting staph , but recently cases have cropped up in other community settings . Regardless of where these players got their infections , the close quarters of a locker room raise questions about overall risks . About 30 percent of people carry staph in their noses without exhibiting symptoms , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Experts say Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus , or MRSA , a form of staph resistant to common antibiotics , has become a more prevalent problem in settings such as contact sports that involve skin-to-skin touching . Most MRSA infections acquired in community settings present themselves as sores or boils and often appear red , swollen , painful or with drainage such as pus , the CDC says . Infections often occur in cuts and abrasions but also on body parts covered in hair , such as the back of the neck , armpit or groin . Schools , prisons and other crowded environments are particularly known for transmitting MRSA , said . Elaine Larson , professor of epidemiology at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health . MRSA may spread particularly easily among athletes because they have repeated skin-to-skin contact , share items and surfaces that touch skin and have a hard time staying clean , the CDC says . Athletes often get cuts and abrasions ; MRSA can enter uncovered skin breaks and cause infection . Dr. James Steinberg , medical director at Emory University 's Crawford Long Hospital in Atlanta , Georgia , said that environment plays a role in the spread of MRSA but that it 's less a factor than coming into contact with a person 's skin . "  If you have somebody who has an infection -- he has a draining infection -- and he gets some of his pus on a bench , that staph 's going to be there for hours or days before it dries out , " he said . "  But the higher concentration is going to be on that person 's skin . " A second infection in the same person could result from re-exposure or from treatment that did n't get rid of the bacteria colonization , he said . MRSA has been around in hospital settings since the 1970s , but community-associated MRSA was born in the late 1990s , and is now widespread in the community , said CDC spokesperson Nicole Coffin . A report from the CDC said that the deaths of four children from MRSA in North Dakota and Minnesota during the late 1990s "  demonstrate the potential severity of community-acquired MRSA infections . " A study on the St. Louis Rams published in the New England Journal of Medicine in 2003 found that during the 2003 football season , there were eight MRSA infections among five of the 58 Rams players . To protect against MRSA , the CDC recommends practicing good personal hygiene and taking care of your skin , which includes wearing protective clothing and covering cuts and abrasions with clean , dry bandages . Also , do not share items that come into contact with your skin , such as towels , razors and ointments . Put something between your skin and shared equipment -- for example , sit on a towel on a bench . Larson said she is not directly familiar with Winslow 's situation but understands the dilemma that a team would face if a player contracted a staph infection . There could be economic and psychosocial repercussions -- for example , another team might not want to play against that one , she said . But in general , other team members should be made aware of the situation so they do not share towels or engage in other behaviors that might transmit the infection . Still , there is a danger of overreaction , she said . In some instances when a child in a public school has died , the whole school panicked and fumigated the facility , she said . "  It 's a good idea to avoid that level of fear , because it 's costly and it scares people unnecessarily , " she said . On Thursday , the Brown 's General Manager Phil Savage said the team did not alert players to Winslow 's staph infection partly because of the health privacy laws and partly because the team was in "  game mode " when Winslow had a confirmed diagnosis . "  To come out and talk about that just was going to be another distraction , " Savage said on his regular weekly appearance on WTAM radio in Cleveland , Ohio . "  That 's our job , is to limit distractions as much as we can . " Winslow said in a statement released through his publicist , Denise White of EAG Sports Management , that he had been discouraged from making the issue public . "  This has nothing to do with football , and this has nothing to with my current contract situation , " he said . "  This is a health concern . " A spokesperson for the Browns did not return a request for comment . An NFL representative said the league has no statement on the issue .	Several professional athletes have recently had staph infections Experts say it is a growing problem in settings that involve skin-to-skin touching CDC : Do n't share towels ; put something between your skin and the bench Cleveland Browns ' Kellen Winslow brought issue to forefront
CNN  -- Prosecutors will be allowed to present more gruesome evidence against a former Bosnian Serb military commander who has been on trial for genocide since 2012 . A United Nations-backed International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia announced Thursday that the court will hear details about a mass grave investigators believe has ties to Ratko Mladic . Investigators discovered the site in 2013 in the village of Tomasica , a haunting reminder of the bloodshed wrought by the conflict that followed the breakup of the former Yugoslavia two decades ago . The former commanding general of the Bosnian-Serb forces is accused of leading a campaign of "  ethnic cleansing , " widespread killing , torture , forced labor and physical , sexual and psychological violence during the Bosnian war . More than 400 remains recovered at the Tomasica site are suspected to be of Bosniak and Croat ethnicity from Prijedor and its surroundings -- people killed in summer 1992 , according to the Prosecutor 's Office of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the international tribunal . In 1992 , Mladic led the siege against Sarajevo , which killed thousands of people , including civilians , and lasted more than two years . He also spearheaded the attack on the Muslim enclave of Srebrenica , where an estimated 7,000 men and boys were killed . In 1995 , the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia indicted the ex-commander , along with 51 others , on charges of war crimes and atrocities . By the time an international arrest warrant was issued for him and he finally turned himself in , Mladic had gone into hiding and was n't apprehended until 2011 . Read more : Mladic arrested and jailed In July 2011 , a tribunal judge entered not guilty pleas for Mladic after he refused to cooperate and was forcibly removed from the courtroom at the judge 's order . His trial began in May 2012 . In court , he dragged his hand across his neck as if cutting a throat while staring at victims of the war . On Thursday , the tribunal said Mladic 's defense team will have "  ample opportunity " to present evidence in response to the latest allegations . He 's facing life in prison .	Evidence of mass grave found in 2013 will be presented in ex-Bosnian Serb commander 's trial Ratko Mladic is accused of war crimes ; his trial has been going on since 2012 More than 400 remains believed to belong to Bosnian and Croat victims , prosecutors say
CNN  A Michigan woman lost her Planet Fitness membership over the "  inappropriate " manner in which she complained about a transgender woman in the locker room , a gym spokeswoman said . Yvette Cormier 's membership was not canceled for simply raising the issue , "  as we welcome all feedback from our members , " said McCall Gosselin , director of public relations at Planet Fitness Corporate . Rather , it was the manner in which she expressed her concerns that club management felt was inappropriate , resulting in the cancellation , Gosselin said . Cormier stands by her actions in a case that has drawn attention to transgender rights . "  This is all new to me . I did n't go out to specifically bash a transgender person that day . I was taken aback by the situation , " Cormier told CNN . "  This is about me and how I felt unsafe . I should feel safe in there . " The mother of two says she was acting out of concern for her safety and the privacy of other female gym members when she raised the issue on Saturday , February 28 . She went to the front desk after someone who looked like a "  man " entered the women 's locker room while she was changing . "  I wanted to know why there was a man in the women 's locker room , " she told CNN . "  He looked like a man , and that 's what stopped me in my tracks . " She said the front desk employee told her about Planet Fitness ' "  no-judgment " policy , which allows people to use changing room based on "  their sincere , self-reported gender identity . " Unsatisfied , she said she called Planet Fitness ' corporate headquarters and heard the same thing . "  That should be something they pointed out when I signed up , " she said . "  If you have male parts you do n't need to be in the women 's locker room . I do n't care what you are ; I do n't care if you 're gay lesbian , transgender or transvestite . I am uncomfortable with you as a male in my locker room , in my restroom . " She returned to the gym Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday "  to get the word out " to other women that they "  let men in the women 's locker room , " she said . "  Every day I said ` just so you know , there 's a man they allow in this locker room and they do n't tell you that when you sign up , ' " she said . The next day , she found out that her membership had been canceled . Cormier said Planet Fitness needs to do a better job of informing members of its policy allowing members to use whichever locker room corresponds with their gender identity , which refers to a person 's psychological identification as a man , woman or another gender . "  The manner in which this member expressed her concerns about the policy exhibited behavior that management at the Midland club deemed inappropriate and disruptive to other members , which is a violation of the membership agreement and as a result her membership was canceled , " Gosselin said in a statement on behalf of Planet Fitness . "  Planet Fitness is committed to creating a nonintimidating , welcoming environment for our members . Our gender identity nondiscrimination policy states that members and guests may use all gym facilities based on their sincere self-reported gender identity . " LGBT advocates applauded the Planet Fitness policy , saying it was necessary to ensuring the safety and privacy of transgender individuals . Planet Fitness has the right to allow members to use whichever locker room corresponds with their gender identity , Alison Gill , senior legislative council for the Human Rights Campaign , told MLive . Even though gender identity is not a protected class under Michigan anti-discrimination laws , transgender individuals still have the right to use whichever bathroom they feel comfortable using , attorney Jay Kaplan with the ACLU of Michigan 's LGBT Project told MLive . "  A transgender woman would be much more at risk for her safety if she had to use the men 's bathroom , " he said . Cormier does not see it that way . But she agrees with LGBT advocates on one potential solution : unisex , single-stall bathrooms .	Woman loses gym membership after complaining about transgender woman in locker room Planet Fitness said manner in which she expressed concerns was "  inappropriate " Yvette Cormier : "  This is all new to me "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Most of the Supreme Court justices piled up a lot frequent flyer miles in 2007 , jetting to such exotic locales as Austria , India and Hawaii , according to financial disclosure reports released Friday . The U.S. Supreme Court justices at a shoot for their 2006 "  class photo . " And they generally have a good bit of spending money for their travels , based on reported investment income . The records , which were released Friday by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts , confirm what has been known for some time : that most of the justices are relatively well-off financially . The eight associate justices make $ 208,100 in annual wages plus income from a variety of resources . Federal judges are not required to publicly release exact income figures , just a general range . The wealthiest justice may be David Souter , with a wise investment he made years ago in a Vermont bank paying off handsomely . His assets in Chittenden Corp. are valued from $ 5 million to $ 25 million . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg 's asset totals are boosted by the fact that her husband , Martin , is a respected private tax attorney in Washington . Justices Stephen Breyer , John Paul Stevens and Antonin Scalia are also millionaires . Justice Samuel Alito , the newest member of the high court , also reported income ranging from $ 700,000 to $ 2 million . In the area of reported gifts , Alito cited about $ 500 in "  Italian food and wine " given to him by a friend , about whom the justice helpfully noted it "  is not likely that he will appear before this court . " The latest financial records continue to show Justices Anthony Kennedy and Clarence Thomas reporting assets under $ 1 million , not including homes and judicial salaries . Thomas received a one-time boost to his income when his best-selling memoir was released in October . He received the remaining half of a reported million-dollar book advance and traveled extensively on a book promotion and signing tour . Scalia also received an advance for his book on how to be a better appellate lawyer . The amount was relatively paltry compared to his colleague 's : $ 33,000 . The annual records show that Breyer , Ginsburg , Kennedy and Scalia were the busiest travelers . Each made multiple visits overseas to teach , give speeches or attend judicial seminars . Airfare , lodging and meals were generally paid for by the organizations that invited the justices , but under federal law , they must report it . Europe was a favorite destination for several justices . Breyer reported 21 out-of-town trips for which he was reimbursed , including to Paris , France ; Rome , Italy ; New Delhi , India ; and Palm Springs , California . Ginsburg went overseas to France , Belgium , Ireland and Canada and made at least nine other domestic trips . In the same week in July , Kennedy and Chief Justice Roberts were in France and Austria , respectively . But the Most Traveled Award goes to Scalia , who made 33 expense-paid trips , including eight overseas , and visited at least 17 states . Only Souter and Stevens reported no trips for which they were reimbursed by sponsoring groups . Souter also reported no outside teaching gigs , trustee or board memberships , or any gifts received . The 68-year-old bachelor generally spends his extended time away from the high court at his isolated farm in rural New Hampshire . Chief Justice John Roberts may have the most diverse investment portfolio . He recorded 63 investments and trusts , including stock in Time Warner  parent company of CNN  , Citicorp , Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard . The estimated value is from about $ 2.4 million to more than $ 6 million . Before becoming a federal judge , Roberts was a high-paid Washington lawyer . His judicial salary is $ 217,400 . Roberts , 53 , continued to sell off small amounts of common stock , including in Cisco and Citigroup . When he took over as chief justice in 2005 , he was forced to sell stock in several companies . A bill passed two years ago in Congress allows federal judges to defer paying capital gains taxes on securities they sell to avoid conflicts of interest . High-level executive branch employees had enjoyed that privilege for years . The issue of judges holding such diverse investment portfolios has resulted in several conflicts of interest , prompting calls for reform . The high court last month refused to accept an appeal from a group of South Africans seeking to sue U.S. and foreign firms for allegedly helping keep the white-led apartheid government of their country in power for decades . Four members of the high court were forced to remove themselves from consideration of the cases . No reason was given for their recusal , but financial disclosure reports showed that Roberts , along with Breyer and Alito , owns stock in several of the companies being sued . Kennedy 's son Gregory is a top manager in one , investment bank Credit Suisse . Under federal rules , at least six justices must hear a case that is accepted for review . With four of the nine recused , the high court had no choice but to uphold the lower court ruling , tossing out the lawsuit . Some reform advocates say that judges should be allowed to own only mutual funds instead of individual stocks . Mutual funds involve a range of investments whose identities are disclosed to the fund 's shareholders several times each year . Federal law allows judges to own mutual funds without having to recuse themselves from a particular appeal .	Reports show David Souter may be the wealthiest member of Supreme Court Samuel Alito , the busiest traveler , made 33 expense-paid trips in 2007 Chief Justice John Roberts recorded 63 investments and trusts
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- At least 42 people were killed and 154 were wounded in five attacks on a religious holiday Friday , an Interior Ministry official said . Shiite Muslim women light candles early Friday at a shrine in the holy city of Karbala , Iraq . The first four attacks , which together killed 36 and wounded 124 , targeted Shiites ; the fifth attack was against a Sunni target . In the latest attack , a parked motorcycle bomb exploded in the marketplace of al-Khadra in a predominantly Sunni neighborhood of eastern Baghdad . Six people died , and 30 were wounded , the official said . The attack appeared to have targeted a police patrol ; three of the fatalities were police , the official said . But most of the carnage was directed at Shiite targets , with the highest single toll exacted in the northern city of Mosul , where a suicide car bomb exploded near a Shiite mosque as a funeral was taking place , killing 30 people and wounding 100 , the official said . In another attack , a roadside bomb exploded near a bus carrying pilgrims in the Sadr City neighborhood , killing three and wounding eight , the official said . Also in Sadr City , a roadside bomb exploded near a car , killing one person and wounding seven . And in eastern Baghdad , a car carrying pilgrims was targeted , killing two people and wounding nine . Friday was the end of a Shiite Muslim celebration in Karbala celebrating the birthday of Imam Mohammed al-Mehdi , the last of 12 historic imams revered by Shiites . Pilgrims participating in such celebrations have been the target of similar attacks by Sunni Muslims . According to the Oxford Dictionary of Islam , Imam Mohammed al-Mehdi "  is expected to return at the end of time as the messianic imam who will restore justice and equity on Earth . " Last Friday , bombs detonated after prayers near five Shiite mosques nearly simultaneously , killing 29 people as they were leaving the mosques . The attacks fueled fears that sectarian violence could be reigniting in the country and called into question the ability of security forces to safeguard the population as U.S. troops have taken a back seat to their Iraqi counterparts . Though the number of casualties has dropped over the past year , Friday 's attacks show that an insurgency capable of wreaking havoc remains . CNN 's Arwa Damon and Yousif Bassil contributed to this story from Baghdad .	NEW : Motorcycle bomb kills six in Sunni neighborhood of Baghdad Blast near Shiite mosque kills at least 30 in Mosul Three attacks target Shiite pilgrims traveling through Iraqi capital Friday was end of Shiite celebration of historic imam 's birth
ESSENCE  -- ESSENCE.com correspondent Roland S. Martin talks with Marlon Jackson , brother of Michael Jackson and a member of the Jackson 5 , about the death of his younger brother , the "  King of Pop . " Marlon Jackson smiles for photographers at the 8th Annual BMI Urban Awards in September 2008 . Roland S. Martin : Marlon , how did you find out about Michael 's death ? Marlon Jackson : I talked to Frank Dileo , Michael 's manager . Frank told me that Michael last night was complaining about not feeling well . Michael 's doctor went over to see him , and Frank said , "  Marlon , from last night to this morning , I do n't know what happened . " When they got to him this morning , he was n't breathing . They rushed him to the hospital and could n't bring him around . That 's what happened . They do n't know what happened . Martin : When was the last time you saw Michael ? Jackson : It was May 14 at a family gathering . I had just gotten back from Africa . Michael looked great . He was looking well . He was getting ready to go into rehearsals for his tour . I do n't know what happened . Martin : There were some reports he was n't feeling well and was in a wheelchair . Jackson : He was n't in a wheelchair . He was walking around with his kids . When we saw him , he was n't in a wheelchair . We all talked . He was doing great . Martin : Was that the last time you spoke with him ? Jackson : May 14 was the last time I spoke with him . The last time I saw him . Martin : Have you talked to any of your other family members about his death ? Jackson : I 've been trying to get a hold of my mom . I talked to Jackie . I talked to Tito . They feel the same way . A piece of our heart -- a piece of us went with him . It was a shock to them , too . I talked to my brother Jackie and he said , "  Marlon , is it true ? " I said , "  I 'm calling them right now to see if it 's true . " That 's when I called Frank Dileo and I could n't get to my mom . I talked to him the first time and he was at the house and my mom was in the background crying , and she was just upset . Martin : Was Michael still at the house ? Jackson : Michael had passed . Frank told me , "  We lost him . " Martin : And you said a doctor saw him last night , but he did n't see a need to take him to the hospital ? Jackson : He did n't take him to the hospital . This morning he was n't breathing and they rushed him to the hospital . He was going to be 51 in August . Gone too soon . Martin : Marlon , it 's amazing to look at the reaction from all over the world . People are at the hospital , at the Jackson family home in Gary , Indiana , at his star on the Walk of Fame . ESSENCE.com : Read Michael Jackson 's obit Jackson : I never knew the effect the Jackson 5 had on people until I began traveling with a major broadcasting network , and people would say our songs were the reason for them getting married . Me and my brothers did what we did because we loved it . That 's the way we thought . I 'm happy that we did get a chance to just bring happiness to everybody , and Michael took it to another level to bring people happiness . He cared about people a lot . Michael was known all over the world , and that 's why people care , and it 's nice to see that people care . Not only did they grow up with my brother , but they grew up with the Jackson 5 . He 's definitely going to be missed . We are always going to remember him . We can not forget him . ESSENCE.com : Michael Jackson 's life in photos Martin : I hear the comparisons to Elvis Presley and people looking to him a generation later . I know it 's very soon after the death of Michael , but should something like Graceland be established so the next generation is aware of Michael 's impact ? Jackson : He 's going to live on . He has left a legacy and it 's going to be forever , and I really feel that in my heart . I want people to concentrate on those things that he did for people . He did a lot of positive things . He 's going to live forever . I 'm going to miss him . The memories , all the great things he has done , and my family is going to miss him . It 's hard . It 's really hard for us right now . Martin : For the world he was the "  King of Pop . " But for you , he was your younger brother . Jackson : And that 's the way we saw him , as a younger brother . It 's like when anyone else loses their family member . It hurts . It hurts right now . It really hurts	Marlon learned about brother 's death through Michael 's manager He says responders found Michael not breathing , "  could n't bring him around " Marlon has n't seen Michael in a month , says he "  looked good " "  He has left a legacy and it 's going to be forever , " he says
Samm Farai Monro , better known as Comrade Fatso , is Zimbabwe 's most popular protest poet as well as a leading political activist and grassroots blogger . He has performed his rebel poetry all over the world and says his debut album has been banned in his own country for being "  too political . " CNN has invited him to blog on events unfolding in Zimbabwe . HARARE , Zimbabwe -- Things are quiet today . The calm before a storm . The silence before swearing . In . People are waiting for Bob to swear himself in . The streets are quiet . People are pensive . Everyone knows this beast . It likes nothing more than victory . No matter how hollow . No matter how bloody . So the people wait for Bob to declare his illegitimate victory . There 's no impatience here . No curiosity about results . We all know that he will take all the ballot papers , spoilt and unspolit , and he will build his house of cards . His house of ballot papers built by serial killers . And we wonder how long it will take us to make it fall apart . June 27  p.m. HARARE , Zimbabwe -- Sometimes a slogan meant to instill fear can come humorously true . Samm Farai Monro , AKA Comrade Fatso , is a blogger , protest poet and political activist in Zimbabwe . ZANU  PF  's slogan over the past month for the Presidential Run Off has been "  June 27 Mugabe Chete , June 28 Mugabe Muhofisi . " So the slogan "  June 27 Mugabe 's the Only Choice , June 28 Mugabe in Power " has become reality in a very ironic way . But not necessarily how the powers-that-shouldn ` t-be hoped it would . Today , Zimbabweans were faced with a single-candidate election in a land with seven-digit inflation where most people eat a single meal each day . So the choice was obvious . Stay away or spoil your vote . The single candidate participating was n't worth an "  X. " "  I voted first thing this morning , " says young , dreadlocked Tindo from the sprawling township of Dzivarasekwa . "  I drew 10 ` X 's all over Bob and spolit my ballot ! " Collin from Highfields was a bit more poetic . He wrote a letter on his ballot paper , voicing his frustration with the election . Many others have spolit their ballots or simply stayed away , despite threats of violence from ZANU 's drugged-up militias . The turnout in most high density and low density areas has been tiny . There have only been higher turnouts in areas where the militias have forced people to report to their bases with their ballot paper serial number so that the militias can "  check " if they voted "  correctly . " So Zimbabwe 's subversive , totemless urban dwellers have once again invoked their right to stay away , last used in the late 1990s against ZANU 's failed Structural Adjustment Programmes . And apart from a few stragglers it seems that in the urban polling stations it has really been "  Only Mugabe . " June 27  a.m.  HARARE , Zimbabwe -- In this town appearance and reality are often two different things . ZANU-PF posters arrogantly hug every wall . Their red , yellow , green and black colors hang from every third car 's rearview mirror . Kombis , our public transport , have the party 's colors emblazoned on their sides , their drivers , their conductors . These are the lies that license Zimbabweans to live . Every youth militia road block demands that kombis and passengers are in ZANU  PF  regalia . Without this you are beaten . At least . In their hearts Zimbabweans are different . Stubborn . "  Why are n't they sending in the U.N. ? It 's a war zone here is n't it ? " says the one man in the paint-peeling bar with a Robert Mugabe poster encrusted on its walls . "  None of us will vote tomorrow , " said the other . "  It will end . And the old man knows it . " Later in the day comrades from the high-density suburb of Highfields talk of the systematic intimidation by ZANU-PF militias . "  They say we must tell them the serial number of our ballot paper after voting and then they will check who we voted for , " says Taurai . "  But we all know that we should spoil our ballots if they force us to vote . " Even the school children know the truth . "  They are beating and killing people for these elections , " says a wise 8-year-old school girl . "  Mugabe is a bad man . He must just go . " Thousands of posters ca n't cover up the deep feelings of a hurt , betrayed people . The run off has no legitimacy . And everyone knows that . June 26 HARARE , Zimbabwe -- What 's happening . ? What are we doing ? What 's going to happen on Friday ? Harare , the rumor city , seems to have been struck by questions . The usual commas and exclamation marks have been electorally cleansed from street talk . From the hustlers on street corners to restaurant kitchen staff , all talk in question marks . The week has gone from the familiar certainty of a bloody election to the unknown reality of a boycott . And Zimbabweans ca n't find the answer to that . So question marks hang over the people 's heads like paused sickles . Some still joke . Mugabe decided that multiple choice in elections was an imperialist creation so he has given the people a simplified election : a single candidate . But that 's the length of the joke . And even the jokes here are said with question marks lurking at the end . Like paused sickles above the people 's heads . May 22 , 2008 HARARE , Zimbabwe -- A sick , old man shuffled towards me as I walked towards my car from a civil society discussion on elections . I said instinctively that I did n't have any money . He asked me to wait . Patiently , hopefully , urgently . His quiet desperation stopped me . "  Please just listen to me . " I listened . "  I am sick . I am going to die if I do n't have this operation . " All he asked was that I take his bank account details and see if I could deposit some money towards his operation . This is public healthcare Zanu  PF  style . Everything has fallen apart here . A once excellent public health care system is now a mortuary of unaffordable drugs . The roads have more potholes than white lines . The zeros on our dollars are so many that the supermarkets now ask us to add three zeros in order to work out the actual price . Some restaurants make up their own concepts , charging in "  thollars " -- thousands of dollars -- so that once again the customer has to add three zeros to the bill . The Zanu  PF  military junta 's only policy at the moment is to beat its disobedient people into line . What they do n't realize is that fists and sovereignty wo n't make us vote . It 's the stupid economy . May 7 , 2008 HARARE , Zimbabwe -- As the fireworks erupted we thought that maybe there was hope . Harare 's sky was burning with fire . With what-could-be . Hope , anger , resistance , sadness . And hope again . This was the opening show of HIFA , the Harare International Festival of the Arts . Comprised of some of Zimbabwe 's leading singers and artists it was a show about a people whose dreams are stolen by a tyrannical king . This Idi Amin suit-clad king was modeled on our own dictator here in Zimbabwe . His hyenas were a symbol of the scavenger-like youth militia terrorizing the peasants . But the people 's deepest dreams and strongest songs can not be stolen . So songs of resistance like Bob Marley 's "  Zimbabwe " were sung to the crowd of 8,000 Zimbabweans gathered in Harare Gardens last week . As the king 's hyenas marauded on the stage attacking young children the singers broke into revolutionary songs from the liberation struggle . It culminated in an emotional rendition of John Lennon 's "  Imagine " by Zimbabwe 's leading vocalist , Chiwoniso . All of us artists involved felt as if we were given a window into what-could-be . As fireworks went off over the heads of thousands of dreamers we all dreamt of a peaceful country without tortured bodies and burnt homes . For the one week of the festival we believed . For one week we had a window into the future . And it 's beautiful . For more of Comrade Fatso 's writing and music , click here . You can comment on this blog using "  sound off , " below .	Comrade Fatso , a popular poet on the Zimbabwe arts scene , writes for CNN His work is described as urban street poetry that mixes Shona with English CNN has invited him to blog on events unfolding in Zimbabwe
New York  CNN  -- In court documents filed Tuesday , New York Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman challenged the constitutionality of the federal Defense of Marriage Act in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York . The controversial legislation , often called DOMA , defines marriage for federal purposes as unions only between a man and woman , and excludes same-sex unions , even those valid under state law . According to a news release from the DA 's office , the filings come as part of the ongoing case of Windsor v. United States and call for the court to acknowledge Schneiderman 's assertion that DOMA violates same-sex couples ' constitutional right to equal protection under the law . Windsor v. United States started with a suit filed by Edith "  Edie " Windsor , who lived with her same-sex partner , Thea Spyer , for more than four decades . They married in Canada in 2007 , but neither the federal government nor their home state of New York recognized the legal union . According to court documents , Spyer died and left her estate to Windsor . Because she was not considered a legal spouse , Windsor was forced to pay the corresponding estate taxes on the inheritance . Her suit challenges this decision and seeks a refund of the money she had to pay . In Tuesday 's court brief , Schneiderman argues that "  in redefining the term marriage , Section 3 of DOMA violates the equal protection component of the Fifth Amendment 's Due Process Clause , and must therefore be invalidated . " He goes on to say that the law is an "  improper intrusion on the traditional role of states in defining marriage . " He says it discriminates on the basis of sexuality and sexual orientation , and "  does not advance any legitimate federal interest . " Last month , New York passed the Marriage Equality Act , allowing for gender-neutral marriages for both same-sex and opposite-sex couples . On Sunday , the first legally recognized gay marriages took place in the state . During his campaign for attorney general last summer , Schneiderman pledged to get involved in the federal debate over DOMA and challenge it in the courts . In a statement from his office Tuesday , he said , "  The State of New York has long recognized out-of-state , same-sex marriages , and the enactment of the Marriage Equality Act further cements our state 's position on this critical civil rights issue . My office will fight every day to defend the fundamental guarantee of equal protection under law for all New Yorkers . "	He says DOMA violates same-sex couples ' constitutional right to equal protection under the law Act defines marriage as unions between a man and woman , excludes same-sex unions Challenge is part of case in which same-sex marriage widow had to pay estate taxes New York 's first legally recognized gay marriages took place Sunday
CNN  -- Nearly two years ago in June 2010 , the war in Afghanistan surpassed the Vietnam War to become the longest war in American history . Although the U.S. ousted the Taliban from power and killed Osama bin Laden last year in Pakistan , it is clear that recent incidents , including the tragic killing of civilians by a U.S. soldier , are costing Americans the hearts and minds of the people of Afghanistan . As a result , there should be real concern that the lives of nearly 2,000 American troops and more than 14,000 Afghan civilians who have been killed during this decade-long war could have been lost in vain . The most recent blow to the NATO mission in Afghanistan is the dreadful story of an American soldier who apparently "  went rogue " in a night-time shooting massacre and allegedly murdered at least 16 innocent civilians , including nine children and three women , Sunday morning near a U.S. base in southern Afghanistan . "  I am deeply saddened by the reported killing and wounding of Afghan civilians , " President Obama immediately said in a statement . "  I offer my condolences to the families and loved ones of those who lost their lives , and to the people of Afghanistan , who have endured too much violence and suffering . This incident is tragic and shocking , and does not represent the exceptional character of our military and the respect that the United States has for the people of Afghanistan . " The killings come after several copies of the Quran were accidentally burned last month along with garbage and other materials seized from a detainee facility at Bagram Airfield . President Obama apologized to Afghan President Hamid Karzai , calling the burning "  an inadvertent error , " but the subsequent furor led to violent protests and physical attacks in which 39 people died , including several American soldiers , and hundreds were wounded . In January , four American soldiers were caught on videotape standing over some Afghan corpses and urinating on the bodies while laughingly saying things like "  Have a great day , buddy . " U.S. officials denounced the actions and made clear it was unacceptable conduct , amounting to a violation of both the Geneva conventions and U.S. military law . In light of these three high-profile and polarizing incidents in Afghanistan within the last three months , prominent journalist Andrew Sullivan wrote that "  after the Koran burnings , I can not see a future for U.S. forces in  Afghanistan  . The pressure to quit before 2014 will grow . " He also said "  our cultures are far too far apart to mesh ; and the more we insist on succeeding with an unwinnable transition , the deeper into the mire we go . " Afghanistan is well-known as the "  graveyard of empires . " It cast off the imperialist likes of Alexander the Great , Genghis Khan and the Mongol empire , the British Victorian colonial empire and most recently , the Soviet communist empire . "  No outside force has , since the Mongol invasion , ever pacified the entire country  of Afghanistan  . ... Even Alexander the Great only passed through , " former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger wrote in October , 2009 . We have spent more than an entire decade trying to win the hearts and minds of the people of Afghanistan , we should remember the words of a 2009 CATO Institute policy paper which reminded us there is "  a reason why  Afghanistan  has been described as the ` graveyard of empires , ' and unless America scales down its objectives , it risks meeting a similar fate . " As we look back over our 10-year mission in Afghanistan , we should remember that we have successfully struck back at Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda , helped transition a more-than-slightly corrupt civilian government into power and somewhat improved the plight of women within the borders of Afghanistan . But we should also concede that the stories of a rogue soldier 's killing spree and Quran burnings could be the lasting legacies of the longest war in American history -- and should be overwhelming reasons that we need to leave Afghanistan right now by beginning our troop withdrawal . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Arsalan Iftikhar .	Arsalan Iftikhar : Afghanistan War has lasted longer than Vietnam , anger growing Iftikhar : Afghans abhor soldier 's massacre , Quran burnings , soldiers urinating on bodies Afghanistan has been called the "  graveyard of empires , " he says , and for good reason Iftikhar : U.S. killed bin Laden , routed al Qaeda ; time to count successes and leave
BUFFALO , New York  CNN  -- One person credits bad weather and the other a long line . An investigator works the scene of the plane crash Friday outside Buffalo , New York . Those are the reasons two would-be passengers did not fly on Continental Connection Flight 3407 , which crashed Thursday outside Buffalo , killing all 49 people aboard and one on the ground . "  It could have been me , " David Becony said from his home in Springville , New York , as he watched television reports on the crash and its fiery aftermath . "  My wife would have been with all those families " who had loved ones on the plane . Becony missed the flight from Newark-Liberty International Airport to Buffalo Niagara International Airport because bad weather had delayed his earlier flight from New Orleans , Louisiana , to Newark . Unable to get another flight and unable to find a hotel room near the airport , the supervisor for a demolition company decided to camp out on a seat in the terminal . Watch how airlines have reacted to crash " When he found out the plane he was to have taken had crashed , he called his wife , Marti , at their home outside Buffalo . "  He broke down , and I broke down , " she said . "  We just could n't believe it . " Becony spent a sleepless night in Newark and then returned Friday morning to Buffalo -- on another Continental Connection flight . It was n't a smooth ride , Becony said of his Friday flight . "  It was weird , shaky , knowing it was the same type of aircraft . " That type of aircraft was a Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 aircraft , operated by Colgan Air for Continental Connection 's regional service . "  I 'm still in shock , really , " said 49-year-old Becony , a Catholic . "  God was looking over me . " Becony is keeping his unused ticket for Flight 3407 as a reminder of how close he came . His wife said friends and family called all morning to check on his safety . "  It is wow , " she said . "  It 's been unbelievable . We 're happy . We 're sad for everybody else . " Asked how her husband 's close call would affect the family , which includes two children and two grandchildren , she said , "  I think we 'll probably appreciate each other a lot more . " Susan Reinhardt , 49 , a marketer for Verizon , had a confirmed seat on a 4:30 p.m. flight from Newark to Buffalo , but it was delayed for four hours because of bad weather , and she was looking for alternatives . Using her Blackberry to search Continental 's Web site , she noted that the 7 p.m. flight was delayed by only about 20 minutes , so she asked the gate agent whether she could get on the standby list for that flight . "  He said , ` It 's pretty open ... easy eight standby seats . You wo n't have a problem getting on it , ' she said . "  I said , ` Can you put me on standby ? ' He said , ` No , you 've got to go on the customer service line . ' " But that line "  was a gazillion deep because of all the delays , " enough to dissuade her from making the switch . "  I said , ehhh . " When she heard about the crash , Reinhardt was happy for her good fortune but shaken nevertheless . "  The heart-wrenching piece for me was , I was at the gate talking to this gate agent , and a young woman came up and she wanted to know : Should she stay on the 7 o'clock flight because of all the delays ? Did the gate agent think the 4:30 was going to get out before the 7 ? "  He said , ` No , you will still get in before the 4:30 , ' and she said , ` OK , I 'm going to stay on the 7 o'clock ; I 'm calling my boyfriend . ' And she did . " For a while , the two women stood together at the gate , both of them using their Blackberries to study the flight information . Then , they went their separate ways . "  I said , ` Good for you . Have a nice trip . ' That 's the killer for me . " Reinhardt said her flight was uneventful . She and the other passengers landed at the airport in Buffalo shortly before 11 p.m. , oblivious to what had happened just minutes before and a few miles away . "  I walked out , and I saw all these people standing there , and I 'm thinking , ` It 's Thursday at 11 at night . Why are all these people in Buffalo ? Who are they waiting for ? ' Watch witnesses describe fiery crash " "  They were waiting for that plane that did n't come in . Of course , I did n't know that until I got to my car , and then my phone starts ringing . " Reinhardt said the close call has made her "  a little more philosophical where , if it was n't my time , OK , it was n't my time . What is the meaning of my life now ? What am I supposed to do because it was n't my time ? I 've had several people say , you know , sometimes you ca n't ask why . It just is the way it is . " Reinhardt said she plans to go to one of the memorial services . "  I think I need to do that for some kind of closure . " CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	David Becony misses flight due to bad weather that delayed previous flight Susan Reinhardt says line to switch flights was "  a gazillion deep " Close call has made both of them more reflective , they say
Mashable  -- With about 2,400 four-year universities located in the U.S. , high school students may find the actual process of applying to college as anxiety inducing as waiting for an acceptance letter . Startup Splash Networks wants to make selecting schools to send an application to easier . On Tuesday , the company is launching a Facebook app called AdmissionSplash that shows prospective college students how likely it is that they will be admitted to each school on their lists . The app asks students for their basic information : test scores , address , and other factors that affect admissions , like whether they volunteer or play sports . It then uses an algorithm to give users a desirability rating as well as the likelihood , ranging from "  very poor " to "  very good , " of getting into the schools . Admission Splash currently runs customized equations for about 1,500 schools that it developed using the admission data they release . Admissions offices often paint a picture of case-by-case application analysis that ca n't be narrowed down to an equation . "  Although high school grade point average and standardized test scores are important indicators of academic achievement used in UCLA 's admissions review , they only tell part of the story , " advertises UCLA 's prospective student website , for instance . But AdmissionSplash 's equation , which definitely does n't take essays into account , has been pretty accurate in tests that use publicly available admissions profiles . In the case of UCLA , approximately 85 % of students the app said would get admitted actually did . The sample sizes of these tests are fairly small  73 people for the UCLA test  , so I would n't suggest posting AdmissionSplash results on one 's Facebook page before getting an acceptance letter . Using the tool as a way to compare schools ' competitiveness or to share a list of prospective schools with friends , on the other hand , seems like a win .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Splash Networks wants to make selecting schools to send an application to easier AdmissionSplash shows prospective students how likely it is that they will be admitted App runs customized equations for about 1,500 schools
Paris  CNN  -- A jewelry heist on one the world 's most prestigious jewelry stores has been foiled , and both would-be thieves are in police custody after an attempted escape amidst a flurry of security forces , according to police , eyewitnesses and French media . Two robbers entered the landmark Cartier jewelry store located near the Champs Elysees in Paris on Tuesday evening , according to police spokesman Luc Poignant speaking to CNN affiliate BFMTV . While exiting the jewelry store , the thieves fired on police forces , says Poignant , who returned fire on the pair of robbers . A police chase ensued after the pair of robbers jumped on a scooter and left the scene , followed by police . The two robbers then holed up in a nearby hair salon , where a local shop owner tells BFM that a hostage was taken . The suspects surrendered late Tuesday , walking out of the salon with their hands in the air , according to an eye-witness speaking to BFM TV . It remains unclear if any jewelry was actually taken from the Cartier store . Most notable diamond heists	Two robbers entered the Cartier jewelry store near the Champs Elysees in Paris Police say they were fired upon as the robbers exited the prestigious store Police chased them to a hair salon , where they took refuge but eventually surrendered
It 's a disease that affects millions of women in Africa , yet talking about it has been considered a taboo , and that silence has been deadly . Nigeria 's Princess Nikky Onyeri has dedicated her life to speaking out to raise awareness about breast cancer in Africa . Princess Nikky Onyeri is not a member of a royal family , "  Princess " is a given name , but for many of Nigeria 's cancer survivors she is their princess . It 's a passionate cause that defines her life . Based in Abuja , Nigeria , Onyeri has lobbied the Government to do more to help women with cancer . The impetus behind her drive and persistence is a wrong diagnosis of cancer 15 years ago .	Health advocate from Nigeria campaigns for better awareness of breast cancer Lobbies Nigerian Government to do more for women with cancer Was misdiagnosed with cancer 15 years ago ; issue still a taboo in Africa
CNN  -- On Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro , a line of 26 black crosses stand in the sand , with the Stars and Stripes behind them and a pot of flowers alongside . They are the tribute of the group Rio de Paz -- River of Peace -- to the victims at Sandy Hook Elementary School , from a group that knows all too well what tragedies gun violence can inflict on society . Brazil , Norway , Britain , France and Australia are among many countries that have seen terrible episodes of gun violence in recent years . But alongside the many expressions of sympathy and condolences that have poured into Newtown , Connecticut , from around the world , there is also a sense of bewilderment that such tragedies happen on an almost routine basis in America . "  Routine " may seem an exaggerated or callous description , but it was President Barack Obama who said at an interfaith service Sunday night in Newtown : "  We ca n't accept events like this as routine . " Strangers inspired to honor Newtown victims Even so , commentaries from abroad often include a sense of resignation that not much can or will be done to prevent such atrocities in the future . John Cassidy , who is British and blogs for The New Yorker , writes of driving to his hometown of Leeds in northern England , as he heard the news of the killings at Sandy Hook . "  Nowhere have mass shootings been as prevalent as the United States , and nowhere has the policy reaction been so pathetic , " he wrote this weekend . Brian Masters , writing in the UK 's Daily Telegraph , agreed . "  No American politician will have the nerve to propose the only cure to this repetitive insanity , which would be a sensible , mature and responsible attitude towards the ownership and use of guns , " he predicted . In the Israeli newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth , commentator Tzipi Shmilovitz was more brutal . "  America is not ready to talk about how it is easier to get a handgun than it is to see a doctor , not ready to speak about the video games that have extreme violence . It is just willing to sweep up everything under the carpet of tears . " And over at Haaretz , one of Israel 's leading commentators , Chemi Shalev , lamented a "  combustible mix of angry American young men , often disturbed and usually white , spurred on by the pervasive and always growing presence of limitless violence in popular American culture , together with the easy-access , open market of guns and ammo , which together produce these shooting slaughters with such sickening regularity . ... "  And if you pour in the often gruesome violence so rampant in the computer and video games that so many American boys are weaned on and addicted to , it should come as no surprise , perhaps , that not only are the most evil and inhuman of mass murders possible , they may soon become commonplace , " he added . Such observations are not new . Five years ago Chris Lockwood , U.S. editor of The Economist wrote in the Los Angeles Times : "  We might be a little surprised that a country with all the ingenuity and energy that America has seems simply to throw up its hands when it comes to guns , and in effect declares that the homicide rate and regular appalling school massacres , are insolvable problems . " Obama has now suggested otherwise -- broadening his existing support for a ban on assault weapons . "  We ca n't tolerate this anymore ; these tragedies must end , " he said Sunday . "  We will be told that the causes are complex and that is true . No single law , no set of laws can eliminate evil and prevent acts of violence , but that ca n't be an excuse for inaction , " he continued . Dunblane : How UK school massacre led to tighter gun control Commentators and academics from other countries who have looked at this "  inaction " in America often raise the following points . The polarization in U.S. politics means that on the really difficult issues , paralysis is more likely than progress . The power of lobbying interests -- and in the case of guns that means the National Rifle Association -- contributes to that paralysis , they say . They also assert that the U.S. Constitution and its political culture protects individual liberty -- or license -- to a much greater degree than is the case almost anywhere else . That includes allowing the ownership of powerful firearms capable of killing dozens within a minute . Sixteen years ago , both Australia and the United Kingdom saw gun rampages similar to those at Virginia Tech , the Sikh temple in Wisconsin , the theater in Aurora , Colorado , and Sandy Hook . More : How other countries have dealt with massacres In the town of Dunblane , Scotland , 16 children and one adult were shot dead at an elementary school in 1996 . The gunman then shot himself . The atrocity led to revisions to the Firearms Act that in effect banned the possession of handguns in Britain . Jack Straw , the minister who pushed the legislation through Parliament , said after the Sandy Hook killings that he would "  not put money " on U.S. laws changing . In a BBC interview , Straw added : "  I think sensible people want it to happen , but the National Rifle Association , which is this extraordinary gun lobby and gun manufacturers ' lobby , controls politics in a number of states . " One tweet put it more bluntly : "  Dunblane ,1996 . 16 dead kids + adult . 1.2 million sign petitions . UK govt . enacts new law . Halts private guns . Tag , USA . You 're It . " In that same year , a 28-year old Australian killed 35 people with two semiautomatic rifles in just eight minutes . Then-Prime Minister John Howard pushed through a law that banned assault weapons and instituted a gun buy-back policy .  Some 650,000 were taken out of circulation . Howard recalls telling an audience in Texas in 2008 that the law was among his proudest achievements in 12 years as prime minister . "  There was an audible gasp of amazement , " he wrote in an op-ed this year in The Sydney Morning Herald . After the mass shooting in Aurora this year , Howard said he was not optimistic it would change anything . "  The responses of President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney ... were as predictable as they were disappointing , " he said . "  There are many American traits which we Australians could well emulate to our great benefit . But when it comes to guns we have been right to take a radically different path , " Howard concluded . Australian-born media magnate Rupert Murdoch chimed in Saturday on his Twitter account : "  When will politicians find courage to ban automatic weapons ? As in Oz after similar tragedy . " Some columnists do n't detect any popular pressure in the United States for change , even if the gun control debate has flared in the wake of the Sandy Hook shooting . Mirjam Remie , who writes for the Dutch newspaper Handelsblad , observes that "  support for stricter gun laws has been steadily declining for decades . According to Gallup , it is 44 % , but twelve years ago it was 66 % . " Debate rages about the relationship between the availability of guns in society and the number of deaths caused by guns . But the laws enacted in the UK and Australia sharply restricting gun ownership do appear to have made a difference . A study  PDF  by researchers at Harvard University in 2011 found that in the 18 years before the new law was enacted in Australia , a total of 13 gun attacks had led to four or more fatalities . In the 16 years since the new law , the number was zero . Individual homicides involving guns have also fallen . Japan has some of the most restrictive regulations in the world on gun ownership . Shotgun licenses for hunting require a lengthy application ; handguns are forbidden . Homicides by gunfire in Japan rarely get into double figures in a year . In the view of author David Kopel , who has studied Japan 's gun control laws in great detail , its regulations work because they are "  part of a vast mosaic of social control ... a pervasive cultural theme that the individual is subordinate to society and to the government . " That would not be acceptable in the United States . Even so , while recognizing the power of the Second Amendment , foreign commentators are not shy of recommending what could and should be done to tackle gun violence in the U.S. . In the UK , The Guardian editorialized in the wake of the Newtown shootings : "  A proper federal system of regulation , including background checks registration , and limits on the type and number of weapons an individual can own , would bring the U.S. belatedly into line with other civilized countries , as would a determined push back against state legislation allowing the carrying of concealed weapons in public . " Hours before the Sandy Hook massacre , Michigan lawmakers passed legislation allowing those with concealed pistol licenses to carry guns into schools , hospitals and churches among other places . In the words of one commentator : "  No society that holds itself up as an example to the world should , as the United States does , brazenly shrug off what are clearly deep national character flaws when it comes to our love of guns or our celebration of hate politics . " The writer was not a foreigner , but an American -- David Rothkopf -- writing in Foreign Policy . And he was writing not this weekend , but after Jared Loughner shot and killed six people , and injured more than a dozen , including U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , in January 2011 .	Australia and UK also have had terrible episodes of gun violence in recent years These countries enacted laws sharply restricting gun ownership after tragedies "  Nowhere has the policy reaction been so pathetic , " British blogger says of U.S. Observers point to power of NRA , political culture that protects individual liberty
CNN  -- Eddie Murphy announced Wednesday he would not host next year 's Academy Awards , one day after colleague and show producer Brett Ratner quit over an anti-gay remark he made over the weekend . "  I appreciate how Eddie feels about losing his creative partner , Brett Ratner , and we all wish him well , " said Tom Sherak , president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences . The 84th Academy Awards program is scheduled for February 26 . Murphy worked with Ratner , a director , in the newly released action comedy "  Tower Heist . " "  First and foremost I want to say that I completely understand and support each party 's decision with regard to a change of producers for this year 's Academy Awards ceremony , " Murphy said in a statement . "  I was truly looking forward to being a part of the show that our production team and writers were just starting to develop , but I 'm sure that the new production team and host will do an equally great job . " Ratner met with the representatives of the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation before announcing his resignation , GLAAD said in a news release Tuesday . When asked during a question-and-answer session whether he rehearses with his actors before shooting a scene , Ratner replied , "  Rehearsing is for f * gs , " GLAAD said in its release , citing New York Magazine 's Vulture blog . "  Over the last few days , I 've gotten a well-deserved earful from many of the people I admire most in this industry expressing their outrage and disappointment over the hurtful and stupid things I said in a number of recent media appearances , " Ratner said in a letter about this resignation , which was given to CNN by his representative , Allan Mayer . "  To them , and to everyone I 've hurt and offended , I 'd like to apologize publicly and unreservedly . "	Eddie Murphy decides not to host the 84th Academy Awards Brett Ratner , who worked with Murphy on a recent film , made a demeaning remark "  Rehearsing is for f * gs , " New York Magazine 's Vulture Blog quoted Ratner as saying
State College , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- He 's known to generations of football fans simply as JoePa , the hard-nosed Penn State football coach who peers through his trademark thick eyeglasses and sees something more in the young men he coaches -- and demands they see it , too . But Joe Paterno 's stellar reputation has been muddied over reports of his reaction to a years-ago child sex abuse case , and he has lost his job after 46 years as a head coach . The university trustees unanimously voted to fire the iconic sports figure Wednesday night . Nittany Lions defensive coordinator Tom Bradley will serve as interim head coach . Graham Spanier , the college president , was fired as well . National outrage has percolated over Paterno 's reaction to a graduate assistant 's 2002 report that he had seen former Penn State defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky performing anal sex on a young boy in the shower room of the football complex . Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly said Monday that Paterno is not a target of the investigation , which has resulted in charges against two top university officials accused of failing to report the abuse , in addition to Sandusky . But critics have said the coach should have reported the suspected abuse to police . Paterno , 84 , said on Sunday that he 'd never been told the graphic details revealed in a grand jury report about sex abuse allegations but that he nevertheless passed the allegations on to his boss . He said he had done "  what I was supposed to do . " In a later statement , he said "  with the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more . " Sandusky , who was arrested Saturday , is accused of sexual offenses , child endangerment and "  corruption of a minor " involving eight boys , most or all of whom he met through The Second Mile , the charity he founded to help troubled youth , prosecutors said . "  We do n't yet know who is legally guilty , " SI.com columnist Michael Rosenberg writes . "  But several prominent employees at the state university are morally guilty . And one of them is Joe Paterno . " Paterno has earned a reputation not only as a football wizard -- he 's won more games than any other major-school coach -- but for his focus on academics and civics . He began his career at Penn State in 1950 as a 23-year-old assistant under head coach Rip Engle . Sixteen years later , he took the reins of the Nittany Lions football program , beginning a head coaching career that has netted him 409 wins , five undefeated seasons , two national titles and a spot in the College Football Hall of Fame . He also put a premium on academic achievement . Paterno contributed $ 3.5 million to the university in 1998 , endowing faculty positions in liberal arts , architecture , landscape architecture and the university 's library system , according to his biography . He also helped fund an interfaith spiritual center and a sports museum . He also has challenged his own athletes to succeed academically . His 2009 team had an 89 % graduation rate , and his teams have produced dozens of academic award and scholarship winners , according to his bio . "  Coach Paterno was absolutely instrumental in my life in showing me and teaching me that there are no cutting corners , " Tom Bill , who played quarterback at Penn State in the late 1980s and early 1990s , told CNN in 2004 . Paterno became embroiled in the Sandusky saga when , in 2002 , a graduate assistant came to him to report a disturbing scene he had witnessed the night before , according to a grand jury report released last week . According to the report , the assistant told Paterno that he saw Sandusky in the shower with a boy who looked to be about 10 years old . Sandusky was having sex with the child , according to the grand jury report and prosecutors . The distraught assistant ran from the building and called his father , who advised him to report the incident to Paterno , according to the grand jury and prosecutors . The next day , Paterno passed the report up to his boss , Athletic Director Tim Curley , saying -- according to the grand jury report -- that the graduate assistant had told him he had seen Sandusky "  fondling or doing something of a sexual nature to a young boy . " The reports never made it to police . Curley and another university official who learned of the 2002 incident , Senior Vice President for Finance and Business Gary Schultz , have been charged with failing to report the abuse to authorities and misleading the grand jury investigating Sandusky 's conduct . In his Sunday statement , Paterno said he did his duty in referring the allegations to his superior but said the assistant never "  related to me the very specific actions contained in the grand jury report . " "  If this is true we were all fooled , along with scores of professionals trained in such things , and we grieve for the victims and their families , " he said in the statement . Stewart Mandel , in an SI.com column , pondered what he sees as Paterno 's complex legacy . "  No question , Paterno should be held accountable for his inaction in the Sandusky saga -- as should a whole lot of other people who had a chance to stop this tragedy . It would be an injustice to the alleged victims to ever forget Paterno 's failure to prevent future crimes . But it would also be a disservice to the thousands upon thousands of lives he positively impacted if that mistake erases 46 years of good from the history books . "  We will remember Paterno both as the coach who we thought served as a moral standard-bearer for 40-plus years and as the coach who bore responsibility for a reprehensible moral breakdown at the end . Those memories are not mutually exclusive . They can coexist . " As for Penn State itself , Gene Collier , a columnist with the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette , said the fallout from the "  Sandusky bombshell remains inestimable , particularly at its far horizons . " "  Years of criminal and civil litigation await the university 's soon-to-be-overburdened attorneys , by just one example , and predicting what the institution will come to look like in the Post-Paterno Era strains the imagination , " wrote Collier . "  Whatever its future , it 's probably better than that of some still untold number of young boys who suffered soul-scorching sexual abuse that Penn State 's top leadership allegedly could have prevented had it only the standard human apportionment of moral courage . You can paint over Jerry Sandusky 's image on a State College mural , as an artist did Wednesday , but no artistic flourish or inspiration can begin to cover the psychological destruction he 's alleged to have wrought . "	NEW : Paterno was fired Wednesday night NEW : For Penn State , the fallout "  remains inestimable " Prosecutors say Paterno met his obligations Paterno reported an alleged 2002 incident involving Sandusky to his boss
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The total economic impact of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan is estimated at $ 1.6 trillion by 2009 , a congressional committee said in a report released Tuesday . A soldier with the 101st Airborne Division guards an oil refinery near Baiji , Iraq . That is nearly double the $ 804 billion in direct war costs the White House requested so far from Congress , the Democratic-led Joint Economic Committee said . The committee estimated $ 1.3 trillion in war costs by the end of 2008 for Iraq , and the remainder for Afghanistan . The total war costs could grow to $ 3.5 trillion by 2017 , the committee estimated . The higher total economic impact comes from , among other things , the cost of borrowing money to pay for the war , lost productivity , higher oil prices and the cost of health care for veterans , the committee said . The committee calculated the average cost of both wars for a family of four would be $ 20,900 from 2002 to 2008 . The cost for a family of four would go up to $ 46,400 from 2002 to 2017 , the committee said . The estimate was released as Democrats launch a new effort to force a withdrawal from the widely unpopular conflict . Senate Republicans dismissed the report as a political document , arguing that Democrats have "  hyped " the war 's impact on oil prices . Watch how costs differ from pre-war projections , nonpartisan report " "  For every dollar we spend directly in Iraq , we 're going to pay another dollar for the indirect , but immediate , costs of the war , " Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , said . "  We of the baby boom generation and our children and grandchildren will be paying for this war for a very long time to come . " "  We can not afford this war -- $ 12 billion dollars a month ? " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said . "  We just ca n't . We ca n't continue . " Schumer said finances will become a significant factor in the ongoing debate regarding the course of the conflicts . "  The cost of the war is becoming the $ 800 billion gorilla in the room when it comes to opposition in the war , " he said . "  It is becoming the first thing that people mention after the loss of life when they 're opposed to this war . " "  And the people who mention it , many of them , are not people who were against the war in the past , " Schumer added . Office of Budget and Management Director Jim Nussle dismissed the report , saying "  the Congressional leadership is attempting to manipulate economic data for public relations purposes . " "  There are several ... distortions within the report , such as attempting to tie war costs to overall business investment and the price of oil . " Republicans , who said they were not included in the preparation of the report , also said the country has little choice but continue to bear the costs of the war . "  We have been protected from attack here at home , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky said . "  There 's progress that is obviously being made in Iraq . " "  We need to finish the job , and finish the job is to leave Iraq in a condition that it can defend itself and be an ally in the war on terror , " he said . "  What 's their alternative ? " Don Stewart , a McConnell spokesman , asked of the Democrats . "  Should we not fund veterans ? Should we not send MRAPs -LSB- armored personal carriers -RSB- to Iraq ? Not fund the GI Bill ? "  And how much will oil cost if the progress in Iraq is reversed and al Qaeda shuts down the oil deliveries ? What will that do to the markets ? " Stewart asked . Stewart called the report "  a Democrat report , prepared by the head of the Democrat campaign committee " -- a reference to Schumer , the head of the party 's effort to add Senate seats in 2008 . White House spokeswoman Dana Perino accused the Democrats of releasing the report for partisan reasons and to "  muddy the waters " after a series of positive reports from Iraq -- including a reduction in violence , increased economic capacity of the country , and signs of continued political reconciliation "  from the bottom up . " "  It 's positive and we hope it is a trend that will take hold , " Perino said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ted Barrett , Becky Brittain , and K.D. Fabian contributed to this report .	White House says Democrats manipulating data for political purposes Economic impact nearly double amount the president has asked Congress to fund Report : A family of four 's share of the financial burden for both wars is $ 20,900 Report : Total tab could equal $ 3.5 trillion by the end of 2017
Eleven-year-old Hajer Sami says she remembers her father . It 's flashes of memory , really -- a smile , a laugh . She was only 4 when he was killed , but she ca n't recall vivid memories of him and their family when it was whole . Her family was torn apart when her father , a policeman , was gunned down seven years ago on the streets of Baghdad . She struggles to comprehend why anyone would have wanted to kill her father or why some people detonate explosives in the middle of a crowd . "  Why do these people kill other people ? Do they get paid money to do it ? " she asks . Why ? It 's a question likely asked by many at the Al Noor Children 's Center in Baghdad 's Sadr City , a Shiite enclave home to more than two million people . Here , inside a rundown , two-story building , Hajer is one of the more than 300 children who have been orphaned -- most in the Islamic sense when a family loses its breadwinner . It 's almost always the father . Most have a place to stay , with a mother or a distant relative . The center serves as day care center with a twist , a place where the children can go for food , clothing and education . In a city known for its violence , the center is full of children with tales of a parent lost to a bomb blast or a gunfight . In some cases , it 's a child whose parent was a suicide bomber . "  We do n't differentiate , " says Liqaa Al Aboudi , the center 's director . Nobody is sure just how many Iraqi children have lost a parent to the sectarian violence that gripped the country after the 2003 U.S.-led invasion . The Iraqi Orphanage Foundation puts the number in the millions , while the United Nations says it is hundreds of thousands . Now with the death toll rising as Iraq battles extremist fighters who have taken over large swaths of the country and vowed to overthrow the government , more and more children are being brought to Al Noor . Al Aboudi started the children 's center in 2009 on the outskirts of Sadr City . Then there 10 children , she says . "  I feel like I am falling short of what I need to do for the children . I always hope they have more . I try to make them happy with clothes , " says Al Aboudi . "  I feel bad for their mothers as salaries are really low and not enough to live on here in Iraq . " Hajer and her best friend , 11-year-old Baneen , sit on a brown couch at the center giggling . They could n't be more different . Hajer wears her hair pulled back in a green band with a pink bow , while Baneen covers her hair with a traditional Muslim headscarf known as a hijab . Theirs is a friendship born from grief . Baneen , too , lost her father . He was killed when a bomb exploded 10 months ago in Sadr City , she says . Baneen and her four siblings now live with her paternal grandparents , who do n't have enough money to take care of all their needs . Her 6-year-old brother , Ali , never strays far from his sister . During a conversation about what happened to their family , he hangs on her every word . Asked want he wants at the children 's center , he says better food . Hamburgers ? Pizza ? "  Shawarma , " he says . Across the room , a woman bounces baby Zahra on her lap . Zahra , 1 , and her brother , 4-year-old Mustafa , were found playing among the bodies of their parents . It was mid-afternoon on a cold January day when militants burst into the family 's home on the northern outskirts of Baghdad , a neighborhood known as Husseiniya . Was it a revenge killing ? Was it sectarian ? "  We do n't know why it happened , " says Um Sajjad , the children 's aunt . She does n't like talking about what happened that day as she worries it will remind the children of what they have lost . Women train with AK-47s to defend the streets of Baghdad Iraq to split in three : So why not ? How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda	Al Noor Children 's Center in Baghdad 's Sadr City helps with food , clothing and education They come from families where the breadwinner has been lost to violence Center 's director : "  I feel like I am falling short of what I need to do "
Miami  CNN  -- Iran will not be able to use alliances with Latin America to wield significant influence on security in the West , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said Wednesday . "  We have the full capacity to make sure that does not happen , " Biden told CNN en Espa  ol . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visited four Latin American countries in a five-day tour earlier this year , searching for support there amid growing global sanctions targeting his nation 's nuclear program . At a hearing last month , the chairwoman of the U.S. House Foreign Affairs Committee said she was deeply concerned about Iran 's ties with leaders like Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . "  These alliances can pose an immediate threat by giving Iran -- directly through the IRGC , the Qods Force , or its proxies like Hezbollah -- a platform in the region to carry out attacks against the United States , our interests , and allies , " said U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida . But Biden said Wednesday that such fears were overblown . "  People talk about Hezbollah . They talk about Iranian support for weapons and the rest . I guarantee you , Iran will not be able to pose a hemispheric threat to the United States , " he said . Speaking to CNN en Espa  ol in Miami , Biden said his two-day trip to Mexico and Honduras this week was a success . "  It was mostly about violence and what can be done to deal with the violence , " Biden said . Mexican President Felipe Calderon asked for additional assistance vetting local police officers , Biden said . Central American leaders requested similar aid . Latin American leaders have repeatedly argued that drug use in the United States fuels escalating violence throughout the region . On Tuesday , Biden told reporters the United States "  shared responsibility , " but also noted that Central American countries must work to stop drug production . He told CNN en Espa  ol Wednesday that the leaders he met with said they were grateful for U.S. assistance . "  This was not one of those accusation sessions , " he said . CNN 's Juan Carlos Lopez contributed to this report .	Biden says the U.S. has "  capacity " to stop Iran from influencing Western security Iran has increasingly close ties with several Latin American countries "  Iran will not be able to pose a hemispheric threat to the United States , " Biden says The vice president says his visit to Mexico and Honduras this week was successful
ATHENS , Georgia  CNN  -- The body of accused triple killer and University of Georgia professor George Zinkhan was claimed by a relative Friday , nearly a week after Zinkhan was found dead , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said . A studio proof shows professor George Zinkhan and his wife , Marie Bruce . A mortuary shipping service in Atlanta picked up Zinkhan 's body at the request of a son from a previous marriage , GBI spokesman John Bankhead said . Details on plans for the body were n't immediately available . Earlier Friday , Bankhead had said Zinkhan 's body -- found Saturday in a self-dug shallow grave -- could be headed to a pauper 's grave if the family did n't claim the body from the Athens-Clarke County coroner 's office by Saturday morning . Such a grave is typically reserved for unidentified bodies , unclaimed bodies or people without family members . Bankhead said the situation was rare and that it was unclear why the family had taken that long to claim the body of the professor , described by colleagues and acquaintances as aloof and eccentric . Neighbor Bob Covington remembers a lot of "  forced moments " with Zinkhan . The last such interaction came the afternoon of April 24 , the day before witnesses said Zinkhan , 57 , killed his wife and two others outside a community theater in Athens . Covington was walking down the driveway of his Bogart home to check the mail . Zinkhan had just done the same and was walking back to his house . Covington said hello and told Zinkhan that his son , a UGA student who used to mow the Zinkhans ' lawn , had recently seen Zinkhan on campus . "  He said , ` Yeah , that 's where I hang out , ' and turned and walked into the house , " said Covington , who lived next door to Zinkhan for eight years . "  That 's mostly what it was with George , forced moments . " It was odd for Zinkhan to say more than five or 10 words before disengaging , while his wife , Marie Bruce , was the "  polar opposite , " Covington said , describing the 47-year-old thespian as engaging and vivacious . Despite the contrasts in personalities , Covington never saw evidence that there were problems between the two , he said . "  He never raised his voice at his kids . I never heard that . I never heard him raise his voice at Marie , " he said . Neighbors , students and fellow faculty members all concur that Zinkhan was standoffish , but their accounts also paint a contradictory image of the marketing professor who would occasionally walk the halls of UGA 's business college barefoot . Some faculty members were quick to defend Zinkhan , but reluctant to do so on record . One said he felt it was a university matter . Another was reluctant to be on record defending an accused mass killer . "  He 's being painted as an ogre , which does n't fit , " said the former . Two faculty members said Zinkhan was introverted but friendly . He was close to some colleagues . He remembered their birthdays and was generous with gifts at Christmas . His quirky behavior was generally overlooked because of his brilliance , a colleague said . One fellow professor went so far as to call him a genius , and not just with marketing , either . Zinkhan apparently was well-versed in a wide range of topics -- art , opera , architecture -- and he loved sports . Faculty members recalled that the strapping 6-foot-2 Zinkhan played on the intramural softball team with some of his graduate students , and he liked to boast of his home runs . He also loved his son , 8 , and daughter , 10 , and regularly brought them to work . Neighbors said they saw him outside playing soccer with the kids on a miniature goal that still sat in the yard this week . A basketball goal with a rim a foot or two below regulation stood over the Zinkhans ' driveway , and a miniature yellow house sat dormant in his wooded backyard . A neighbor who asked not to be named said the cedar front door on the house Tuesday was new . A SWAT team had burst through the old front door shortly after Zinkhan allegedly shot Bruce ; attorney Tom Tanner , 40 ; and Ben Teague , 63 . Bruce was the president of the board of the Town and Gown Players , a theater group holding a reunion picnic on the theater 's deck when the shooting took place . Tanner and Teague were identified as set designers for the theater . Covington saw Zinkhan shortly after the April 25 slayings . He was grilling bratwursts for lunch when Zinkhan rang the doorbell . "  He asked if I 'd mind watching the kids because there 'd been an emergency , " Covington said . Covington agreed . He thought it was strange when Zinkhan immediately sprinted out of the garage , but did n't pay it much attention because Zinkhan said he had an emergency . The children , Covington said , seemed oblivious that their mother had just been slain . It was less than an hour later , when Covington 's wife noticed two police officers with shotguns behind the hedges in a nearby yard , that Covington learned his neighbor was accused of a triple killing . The police told Covington they were looking for Zinkhan in connection with the shootings . "  I was incredulous , " he said . Covington 's daughter , who had baby-sat for the Zinkhans , drew a floor plan of the Zinkhan home for police and told them where the spare key was hidden . Covington allowed police to use his home in their stakeout and summoned Zinkhan 's daughter to see whether she knew anything about what had happened . It was clear the girl had n't seen the slayings , but one of her remarks was chilling , Covington said . Asked what her father 's emergency involved , she replied , "  Something about a firecracker . " Though many expressed astonishment that Zinkhan was linked to the slayings , some UGA faculty members said they suspected Zinkhan was having problems at home before police confirmed it this week . He lost an estimated 50 pounds in the two months before the shootings , they said . To others , the signs of problems were more obvious . Professor Barbara Carroll , who had once worked under Zinkhan , wrote an e-mail to her colleagues at the business school saying she went into protective custody after police found a map to her house in Zinkhan 's vehicle . In the e-mail , she said she had told previous department heads , deans and provosts "  that George Zinkhan was dangerous . " "  Many people in this college and this department have known about Zinkhan 's ` troubled past ' and did nothing about it . Those people also bear responsibility here , " she wrote . Carroll did not return phone messages or open her door for reporters Tuesday . However , one of Zinkhan 's former students said he and his classmates also thought Zinkhan was more than just odd . David Sackin , 43 , was a graduate student and took classes with Zinkhan in 1996 and 1997 . Zinkhan 's lectures were delivered in monotone , his teaching style was dry and he did n't seem to care what was happening in the classroom , Sackin said . When students convened outside the classroom , they surmised that something darker than a lack of enthusiasm drove Zinkhan 's behavior , he said . "  If anyone asked any of my classmates if there was one professor who 'd go on a rampage , who would it be ? They 'd unanimously say Zinkhan , " Sackin said . "  He was strange , definitely . " In her e-mail , Carroll told colleagues they may never know the whole story . Indeed , police have said only that one of the victims , Tanner , "  appeared to be a specific target in the shootings and was shot first . " The prospect of learning specifics about what could have propelled a painfully private introvert to homicide probably died in a shallow grave behind a Bogart elementary school . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Son from previous marriage claims University of Georgia professor 's body Acquaintances , colleagues remember George Zinkhan as eccentric , aloof Neighbor : Children unaware of mother 's slaying ; daughter mentioned "  firecracker " Student , colleague both thought Zinkhan may be dangerous before triple killing
Washington  CNN  -- A clerical misstep ? Failure to double-check a routine process ? Whatever the cause , the seemingly accidental outing of the CIA 's top intelligence official in Afghanistan could put the life of the spy and any family members in danger . It also raised the question of whether the official can continue working in Afghanistan after the revelation in a White House media report sent to about 6,000 journalists . "  I think they are going to have to pull him out , now that he 's been identified publicly , " said CNN National Security Analyst Robert Baer , noting the Taliban would likely attempt to assassinate the official . "  It will affect his career over the long term , too . " Josh Rogin , who covers national security issues for The Daily Beast , told CNN on Tuesday the mistake was "  catastrophic " for the official 's career and "  potential future as a covert operator , both in Afghanistan or anywhere else . " The official "  was in the middle of a very dangerous mission , which was to govern the transition of CIA forces in Afghanistan , " Rogin noted . If forced to leave now due to danger over being exposed , the official 's absence could hurt the mission , according to Rogin . Given the potentially dangerous nature of the situation , CNN has not broadcast or published online the name of the official . Administration officials expressed alarm over the mistake . Deputy National Security Adviser Antony Blinken told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that steps are being taken . "  It should n't have happened . We 're trying to figure out why it happened . In fact , chief of staff Denis McDonough asked the White House counsel to look into it , to figure out what happened and to make sure it wo n't happen again , " Blinken said . Asked whether the official will have to leave Afghanistan , Blinken added , "  You 'll understand that I ca n't comment on the details , but you can rest assured that the security of this person is foremost in our minds and will be taken care of . " The official 's name was included on a list of people attending a military briefing for President Barack Obama during his surprise visit to Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan on Sunday . It 's common for such lists to be given to the media , but names of intelligence officials are rarely provided . In this case , the individual 's name was listed next to the title , "  Chief of Station . " The common practice is for the print pool reporter -- a journalist representing the wider media contingent who relays information about an event to other reporters -- to copy and paste the list provided by the White House into what is called a media pool report . It then gets distributed to a large list of media outlets by the White House , which does not edit the list . In this case , the print pool reporter that day -- Scott Wilson , the White House bureau chief for the Washington Post -- noticed the unusual entry after the White House distributed the list . Wilson checked it out with officials , and the White House later distributed a shorter list from a different reporter that did not include the station chief 's name . In his account to CNN , Wilson said that when the media pool accompanying Obama arrived in Afghanistan , he asked White House officials for a list of who would be briefing the President . A White House official then asked the military for a list to provide to the pool of journalists . The official got an e-mail back from the military with a subject line , "  manifest for briefing for pool , " Wilson told CNN . That e-mail was forwarded to Wilson , and he proceeded to copy and paste it for the pool report . Wilson then sent it to the White House official , who sent the report to the distribution list that reaches some 6,000 journalists . After the initial report was issued , Wilson noticed that the chief of station had been identified in the list . He flagged the White House official , who checked with the military and then said : "  This is a problem . " The White House official asked if Wilson would write another pool report that would advise journalists to disregard the previous report , which contained the chief of station 's name . Wilson said he was open to the request and sent the White House a new report , but he was unsure if it got distributed . According to Wilson , another pool report from a different reporter that was distributed later included details from Obama 's speech to the troops , as well as the shorter list of names that excluded the CIA official and a note saying , "  This is the correct list of participants . " Rep. Peter King , R-New York , called the accidental outing "  unpardonable . " "  This is something that they had a chance to look at and look at again , and they still allowed it to be out , " he told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " Tuesday night . "  To me , it 's unforgivable and the message has to be sent that this type of incompetence -- six years into an administration -- is just inexcusable . " A station chief heads the CIA 's office in a foreign country , establishing a relationship with its host intelligence service and overseeing agency activities . The identity of station chiefs , like most CIA officers , are rarely disclosed to protect them and their ability to operate secretly . In the most recent case of a spy being outed , the Bush administration infamously leaked the name of former CIA officer Valerie Plame to a journalist in 2003 . Plame , who resigned from the CIA after the incident , tweeted on Monday that the White House 's mistake this past weekend was "  astonishing . " No one was punished for leaking Plame 's CIA role to the media . Scooter Libby , the chief of staff to then-Vice President Dick Cheney , was convicted of perjury , obstruction and lying to the FBI about the Plame leak . President George W. Bush later commuted Libby 's 30-month prison sentence . Top U.S. spy pulled from Pakistan after terror threats CNN 's Jim Acosta , Ashley Killough and Matt Hoye contributed to this report .	NEW : "  To me , it 's unforgivable and the message has to be sent , " Rep. King tells CNN CIA chief of station in Afghanistan accidentally named in White House media report If forced to leave Afghanistan , the official 's absence could hurt the U.S. mission Analyst : "  They are going to have to pull him out "
CNN  -- The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is releasing a new television ad in North Carolina on Thursday targeting Republican Thom Tillis ' ties to billionaire conservatives Charles and David Koch . The new 30-second spot will run statewide , and is part of a $ 9.1 million buy the DSCC has launched to protect incumbent Democrat Kay Hagan in one of the key Senate battlegrounds this cycle that could ultimately determine which party holds the majority in the chamber next year . The GOP needs to gain six seats in order to win control of the Senate in November . The ad charges the Kochs with laying off 100 North Carolina workers and "  spending millions " to elect Tillis "  because they know he 'll be another vote supporting tax breaks for companies like theirs that outsource North Carolina jobs . " "  Letting our jobs go overseas . Another reason North Carolina ca n't trust Thom Tillis , " says the ad 's narrator . Kochs turn to vets , a mom to condemn Democrats in key states A CNN/ORC International survey released in late September showed Hagan leading Tillis 46 percent to 43 percent , with Libertarian Sean Haugh receiving the support of 7 percent of likely voters . The Koch Brothers have been a constant presence in the Tar Heel State contest , with the brothers ' grassroots organization Americans for Prosperity bombarding Hagan with more than $ 8 million in ads this cycle . AFP has attacked Hagan on a wide swath of issues from being a rubber stamp to Obama 's agenda to accusing her of improperly benefiting from stimulus funds . Hagan told MSNBC in February that North Carolina voters would not let the Koch brothers "  buy this seat . "	The new 30-second spot will run statewide , and is part of a $ 9.1 million buy the DSCC . Sen. Kay Hagan is locked in a close race for reelection against GOP challenger Thom Tillis . The Koch Brothers have been a constant presence in the Tar Heel State contest messaging .
Video of two sisters in India fighting back against men who allegedly harassed them has gone viral . The footage shows Aarti and Pooja Kumar landing punches and thrashing the three men with a belt while riding a bus in the northern state of Haryana , an area with a reputation for hostility to women . Violence against women and rape in India have made international headlines in the past few years , and the scene of two women fighting back has sparked widespread praise on social media . Aarti Kumar , 22 , told CNN that she and Pooja , 19 , were standing at a bus stop near their college Friday when the men came up to them and began taunting and throwing pieces of paper with their telephone numbers . The sisters tried to ignore the men but they persisted . Then they followed the sisters onto the bus , she said . You 're too poor to even ride the bus , Kumar recalled the men saying . So she and her sister did what they thought they had to do to defend and protect themselves . One lurched toward one of the men , thrashing what looks like a belt . Both grabbed one man 's sweater and pulled . Two of the men grabbed the women , and they struggled to get free . One sister pressed the palm of her hand against a man trying to overcome her . Aarti Kumar said that no one on the bus tried to help the sisters , and some passengers shouted for them to stop fighting the men and get off . The men have been arrested , and charges are pending further investigation , police told CNN . The video , shot by a passenger , has been shared in many news stories in India and inspired the Twitter hashtag "  IFoughtThemBack . " Some women are tweeting that they too have fought men who harassed them and are glad that the video is garnering so much attention . In a highly unusual turn , the government is rewarding the Kumar sisters for their actions . Harayana 's Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar announced that the sisters would be recognized with "  bravery " awards that include cash on January 26 , India 's Republic Day . Kumar said her parents have been very supportive of her and her sister , also unusual because girls and women in some areas of India are often discouraged from reporting instances of harassment . Stories of rape and sexual harassment in India have received much attention recently . In June , three brothers confessed to raping two teenage girls in Uttar Pradesh state . Police said at first that the suspects hanged their victims from a mango tree , but an investigation of their deaths concluded last week that the girls committed suicide . A gang rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in New Delhi in late 2012 brought into stark relief the danger that some women face in India . The crime ignited campaigns to call attention to violent crime that targets women .	Aarti and Pooja Kumar say they were being taunted at a bus stop by three men The men followed them onto a bus ; the 19 - and 22-year-old decided to fight back A video of the young women 's actions has gone viral in India and been praised by officials
CNN  -- A tsunami watch issued for five nations after a 7.6-magnitude earthquake in the Indian Ocean was canceled about two hours later . A tsunami watch in effect after an earthquake in the Indian Ocean has been called off . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center had issued the watch for India , Myanmar , Thailand , Indonesia and Bangladesh after the quake , which struck at 1:55 a.m. Tuesday  3:55 p.m. Monday ET  . Its epicenter was about 163 miles  262 km  north of Port Blair in India 's Andaman Islands , and 225 miles south-southwest of Pathein , Myanmar , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The earthquake 's focus was about 20 miles below the Earth 's surface . In general , earthquakes centered closer to the Earth 's surface produce stronger shaking and can cause more damage than those further underground . Watch where the earthquakes hit " "  Sea level readings indicate that a significant tsunami was not generated , " the warning center said in a bulletin . "  Therefore , the tsunami watch issued by this center is now canceled . " According to the geological survey , a 6.4-magnitude quake struck near the south coast of Honshu , Japan , 12 minutes after the Indian Ocean quake . The Japan Meteorological Agency issued a tsunami advisory following that quake , but said that the expected wave would be under 2 feet . CNN 's Augie Martin contributed to this report .	Watch covered India , Myanmar , Thailand , Indonesia and Bangladesh It was issued after a 7.6-magnitude earthquake in the Indian Ocean Quake with 6.4-magnitude occurred near Japan 12 minutes later
CNN  -- A Florida corrections officer assisting in a manhunt died Wednesday in an exchange of gunfire with a murder suspect , who also died , authorities said . Col. Greg Malloy , 44 , was mortally wounded , the Florida Department of Corrections said in a statement . Malloy was working as part of the Holmes Correctional Institution 's K-9 tracking team , which was assisting the Holmes County Sheriff 's Office in the search for Wade Williams . Williams , wanted in the double homicide of his parents , was also killed during the exchange , according to the statement . The incident occurred about 13 miles from Bonifay in the Florida Panhandle . "  Words can never express our emotions when an officer falls in the line of duty , " said Department of Corrections Secretary Walt McNeil . "  Tragedies such as today 's underscore the dangers inherent in our profession , both inside and outside the prison walls . We extend our condolences to Greg 's family and his co-workers . " Malloy began his career with the Department of Corrections in 1988 . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is conducting the shooting investigation . The Holmes County sheriff had not yet responded to a message left by CNN Wednesday afternoon .	Florida officer killed during manhunt in Panhandle Col. Greg Malloy and homicide suspect Wade Williams died Malloy was working with prison 's K-9 tracking team
CNN  -- Today 's soccer professionals have a battery of physios , fitness trainers and doctors all striving to fine-tune their players ' physique for optimum performance . But are football clubs missing a trick in overlooking dedicated training for the most important organ of all -- the brain ? Scientists at London 's Brunel University believe the game 's top talents , such as Barcelona 's Lionel Messi and Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo , have mental faculties that are better programmed to anticipate their opponents ' moves . Research published in the Journal of Sport and Exercise Psychology found that of 39 players tested , the more experienced footballers were able to suppress the urge to act instinctively , making them less susceptible to feints or tricks from their opponents . Brunel 's study reinforces the view held by one of the greatest players of all time -- Johan Cruyff , who said that football is a game you play with your brain -- and offers tantalizing prospects for clubs . Neural activity Should they be able to unpick the best way to condition the brain 's ability to anticipate an opponent 's trickery , it could lead to better players and a potential stampede as clubs rush to add a neuroscientist to their back-room teams . "  I can see top teams employing neuroscientists in the future , " Dr. Dan Bishop from Brunel 's Center for Sports Medicine and Human Performance told CNN . "  That 's because we have the skills and resources to witness very subtle changes in perceptual abilities that may not initially manifest in performance data , because people can change their mind midway through a task and therefore give an erroneous response , when in fact their initial ` preattentive ' brain response was the correct one . "  I imagine that this will be most useful at academy level , to assess the development of young players . " Bishop believes the findings could help nurture a new generation of young sports stars in Britain , which is seeking to capitalize on a potential increase in participation following the London 2012 Olympics . "  We believe this greater level of neural activity is something that can be developed through high-quality training , so the next step will be to look at how the brain can be trained over time to anticipate the moves of opponents , " he said . "  Particularly following on from the Olympics , with more people being encouraged to take up sport , we hope that our findings can be used to refine and speed up training techniques to nurture the potential in budding young sports stars . " During the trial , players ranging from novices to semiprofessionals were placed in an MRI scanner and shown video clips of a player dribbling towards them . They then had to decide in which direction to move in order to tackle them . The study found the better players were more sensitive to moves and tricks by an opponent than those at the less talented end of the scale , which came as no surprise to Bishop . "  I am confident the findings would be even stronger with professional players , " he said . "  Much of the activation we saw was comparable to the activations we had witnessed in our previous studies of badminton players -- which included a large number of international athletes . " Neurological track There is growing group of coaches who need no convincing of the power of the brain in developing top players . One of them is Kevin McGreskin , technical director at Soccer Eye Q -- a company that specializes in elite performance coaching . "  I think that coaches either forget , or do n't even realize , that football is a hugely cognitive sport , " he said in an interview with football magazine The Blizzard . "  We 've got to develop the players ' brains as well as their bodies but it 's much easier to see and measure the differences we make to a player 's physiology than we can with their cognitive attributes . " His views are shared by Michel Bruyninckx , formerly academy director for Belgian club Standard Liege and now at Qatar 's Aspire Academy , who is something of a pioneer when it comes to brain training in soccer players . He places huge value on "  brain-centered learning " and devised a specific program designed to foster improvement in a young player 's cognitive skills . Bruyninckx places the same level of importance of neuroscience as he does football tactics . Both Bruyninckx and McGreskin have embraced "  overload " drills to help tune players ' brains , where some might be asked to speak in different languages during fitness training while others are asked to toss a tennis ball around and call out colors during sessions involving the football . "  We need to develop an engram -- a neurological track -- in the brain , " Bruyninckx told The Blizzard . "  We always thought that sporting activities were mechanical activities , but we know that there are interventions from the brain . " Bruyninckx 's work has been acknowledged by one of the world 's top soccer coaches , Jose Mourinho , the current manager at Real Madrid who has won titles in four different countries and lifted the European Champions League twice . "  Mourinho immediately understood what I 'm trying to do and he asked a lot of intelligent questions , " said Bruyninckx . "  He also noticed that the organization of the drills requires a greater team involvement , more concentration , attention , a continuous inciting of perception and that intelligent playing could grow a lot . "	Research shows that soccer 's best players have brains that are better attuned to the game British university finds better players have ability to suppress urge to act instinctively Study suggests better brain training in younger players could aid their development Coach Jose Mourinho has investigated methods of brain-centered learning
The pilot of a jet that crashed near a U.S. Navy range in Nevada was killed , the Navy said in a press release Sunday . The pilot 's name is being withheld until family has been notified . The crash of the U.S. Marine Corps F/A -18 C happened about noon ET Saturday at Naval Air Station Fallon , about 60 miles east of Reno . The aircraft appears to be a "  total loss , " the Navy said . It took several hours for Navy personnel to reach the crash site because it was in remote , mountainous terrain , and an overnight snowstorm made getting to the scene more difficult . The Navy had initially said the aircraft was a Navy Hornet , but it was actually a Marine Corps F/A -18 C on loan to the Naval Strike and Air Warfare Center for use as a training aircraft , the Navy said . The aircraft was not carrying any weapons or other munitions on the training flight , the Navy said , and no other injuries or property damage have been reported . The cause of the crash is being investigated . Naval Air Station Fallon is a popular training site because of its weather , which provides "  more than 300 clear flying days per year " and its facilities , which include four bombing ranges , an electronic warfare range and a 14,000-foot runway , the longest in the Navy , the base 's website says . In January : Divers find body of missing pilot in Navy helicopter crash	Name of the pilot is not being released until family is notified , Navy says It took several hours for Navy personnel to reach the mountainous crash site Aircraft , a U.S. Marine Corps F/A -18 C , had no weapons on training flight , Navy says
CNN  -- Maya is about to become the most famous CIA operative since Valerie Plame . Except that 's not her real name . We 're not allowed to know her real name . Maya is the name of her character in the film "  Zero Dark Thirty " , which is already generating controversy for its depiction of the hunt for Osama bin Laden . This has an only-in-Washington feel , a collision between our celebrity culture and the need to protect our spies from having their identities exposed . So the operative somehow becomes a movie star  played by Jessica Chastain  while remaining in the shadows . Perhaps inevitably , questions are mounting about the CIA employee , her personality and her contacts with the filmmakers . And she ca n't properly defend herself because she 's not allowed to talk to the press . Thus it was that the Washington Post ran a highly unusual front-page profile of someone whose name is unknown . The woman was passed over for a promotion , the story says , and is an abrasive sort who e-mailed colleagues saying they did n't deserve to share in a prestigious award she received for her role in the mission .  By the way , what does it take to get a government promotion if helping eliminate the world 's top terrorist does n't qualify ? Watch : Is Zero Dark Thirty coverage unfair to female CIA operative ? In the movie , Maya seems to have a messianic streak , saying after a female colleague was killed during an attack in Afghanistan : "  I believe I was spared so I could finish the job . " Did the real-life Maya actually say that ? Who knows ? Kathryn Bigelow , the director , says she tried to approach the project as a journalist . But even the best docudramas tend to mix reconstructed facts with cinematic liberties . ` Zero Dark Thirty 's ' screenwriter on interrogation debate Zero Dark Thirty is generating plenty of controversy , before its opening next week , because it spends roughly half an hour showing an al-Qaeda detainee being waterboarded , beaten and stripped naked in front of Maya in the quest for information on bin Laden 's whereabouts . CNN analyst Peter Bergen says the film could provide "  the misleading picture that coercive interrogation techniques used by the CIA on al Qaeda detainees -- such as waterboarding , physical abuse and sleep deprivation -- were essential to finding bin Laden . " It 's hardly surprising that this has become the film 's flash point . Liberals and conservatives in this country spent much of the Bush years arguing over whether waterboarding is torture and whether such coercive techniques , whatever they are called , helped or hurt in the war on terror . Watch : Jon Stewart , media critic , takes on Fox News From a filmmaker 's point of view , torture scenes are obviously more exciting than a CIA staffer quietly piecing together clues . And the controversy will spur box-office sales . But Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal deny taking a stance about the role of torture in the pursuit of bin Laden . "  This movie has been and will continue to be put in political boxes , " Boal told The Wrap . "  Before we even wrote it , some people said it was an Obama campaign commercial , which was preposterous . And now it 's pro-torture , which is preposterous . " Watch : From Joe Scarborough to Rush Limbaugh , the conservative media meltdown But the pro-Obama suggestion is , well , less than preposterous . Bigelow made this film with the help of officials at the Pentagon , CIA and White House who provided her with extraordinary access . President Obama makes only a brief appearance , but the movie highlights the biggest success of his first term , culminating a manhunt that began after the 9/11 attacks . The film can only help burnish his reputation , and the cooperation began soon after one of the most classified missions in U.S. history . When a director gets that kind of official help , it raises troubling questions about the objectivity of those rendering the instant history . Opinion : Did torture really net bin Laden ? In an e-mail to the Pentagon last year , CIA spokeswoman Marie Harf wrote : "  I know we do n't ` pick favorites ' but it makes sense to get behind the winning horse . ... Mark and Kathryn 's movie is going to be the first and the biggest . It 's got the most money behind it , and two Oscar winners on board . It 's just not a close call . " Watch : The Pope tweets -- how Twitter scours the globe for VIPs Bigelow has every right to work whatever sources she can , and every administration tries to influence media coverage , but rarely do Hollywood and government work so obviously hand in glove . As for Maya , we may never learn whether she liked her portrayal in "  Zero Dark Thirty . " Valerie Plame was outed against her will ; even if Maya 's real-life counterpart decides to resign and go public , she would be prohibited by secrecy agreements from discussing her role in the mission . The most likely outcome is that the CIA operative who helped nab bin Laden will remain an unknown if flawed heroine . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : ` Maya ' in new film on finding bin Laden is based on real , but anonymous , operative He says questions are mounting about the CIA employee but she ca n't speak to the press "  Zero Dark Thirty " producers had unusual access to real story of bin Laden operation , he says Kurtz : Giving filmmakers such access raises questions about way they portrayed the story
CNN  -- Parole officers saw and spoke to Jaycee Dugard during visits to the home of the man accused of holding her captive for 18 years , but they never questioned why she was there , California officials disclose in newly released documents . At least three different parole officers spotted Dugard at the home of Phillip Garrido , a convicted rapist who had been under California state supervision since 1999 , according to a June memo from the California attorney general 's office . On at least one occasion , a parole officer spoke to her and one of her daughters , whom investigators say Garrido fathered during her captivity . But those officers "  failed to investigate their identities or their relationship to Garrido , " the memo states . The document outlines the $ 20 million settlement between Dugard and California authorities , which the state Legislature approved last week . It was drafted to brief state lawmakers on the settlement before their vote , said Christine Gasparac , an attorney general 's office spokeswoman . Gasparac would not provide additional details of the reported contact between Dugard and parole officers . Dugard disappeared in 1991 , at age 11 , and was found in August 2009 at Garrido 's home in Antioch , about 45 miles east of San Francisco . Garrido and his wife , Nancy , have pleaded not guilty to 29 felony counts in the case . Garrido was released on parole in 1988 after serving less than 12 years of a 50-to-life sentence for rape in federal and Nevada prisons . His victim in that case , Katie Callaway Hall , told CNN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " that the latest revelation was "  unbelievable . " "  It 's just one more astonishing fact in a long line of errors , " said Hall , who is now an advocate for rape victims . She said the news "  re-triggers my anger " because she had gone to federal authorities -- who initially handled his parole -- to warn that he had approached her after his release , and "  I do n't think they believed me . " Responsibilty for Garrido 's parole was transferred to California authorities in 1999 . A November 2009 investigation found parole officers failed to follow utility wires running from Garrido 's house toward the shed where Dugard was held , did n't check out the presence of a 12-year-old girl during a visit or act on information that indicated Garrido had violated the terms of his release . The June 25 memo concluded that while the state could have successfully defended some of the claims on procedural grounds , the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation "  recognizes that this case has a unique and tragic character . " "  Obviously , no amount of money could compensate these plaintiffs for what they have endured , " it reads . But the settlement will provide Dugard and her daughters -- now teenagers -- with "  the financial support that they will need to rebuild their lives . " The document estimates the family will need as much as $ 7 million alone for decades of counseling . "  First , it is a virtual certainty that Ms. Dugard and her daughters will require counseling for the remainder of their lives , with varying degrees of intensity at different time periods , " it states . "  Second , neither of Ms. Dugard 's daughters has received any education , and neither is presently equipped to handle the academic or social challenges that school will pose . Ms. Dugard has received no education since her abduction , and all three have expressed their desire to obtain an education . "	NEW : "  It 's just one more astonishing fact in a long line of errors " Parole officers saw and spoke to Jaycee Dugard during visits to Phillip Garrido 's home Officers "  failed to investigate " relationships , according to documents Garrido and his wife are charged in Dugard 's 1991 abduction
CNN  -- As many as 400 armed Muslim rebels are holding at least 20 people hostage in a southern Philippine city after coming ashore by boat , authorities said Monday . Philippine police and armed forces have blockaded the areas of Zamboanga City , a mainly Christian city on the southern coast of Mindanao , where the rebels are holed up , Mayor Isabelle Climaco-Salazar told CNN . She said the rebels had planned to march on the city hall . City officials hope to talk to the rebels , who are believed to be from the Moro National Liberation Front , to try to negotiate the hostages ' release , she said . The MNLF , a separatist movement founded in 1971 by Nur Misuari with the aim of establishing an autonomous region for Muslims in this mainly Catholic country , signed a peace deal with the central government in Manila in 1996 -- though some of its members have broken away to continue with a violent campaign . According to a statement issued by Climaco-Salazar , the current crisis began at around 4.30 a.m. local time when government forces clashed with armed rebels heading for the city by boat . Six people , including a policeman , a navy serviceman and four civilians , were killed during the course of these clashes . The statement added that six districts in this coastal city of 800,000 people have been affected by the "  infiltration of alleged MNLF members , " with 20 hostages taken in the district of Santa Catalina . In a televised press conference Monday , a police spokesman said a further 200 people were currently stranded in the city because of the blockade by security forces . They are not being classified as hostages . No demands have been made by the rebels , he added . Under the terms of the 1996 agreement , Misuari was named as governor of an expanded Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao  ARMM  . He served until 2001 . Last month Misuari issued a "  declaration of independence " for the Moro nation -- referring to Mindanao 's indigenous Muslim population -- after complaining that the MNLF had been left out of a recent wealth-sharing agreement with an another insurgent group , the Moro Islamic Liberation Front  MILF  , which has fought for decades to set up an independent Islamic state on the resource-rich island of Mindanao . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	Officials : Six dead during clashes with Muslim rebels in southern Philippines At least 20 people taken hostage in mainly Christian town of Zamboanga City Moro National Liberation Front want autonomous region for Muslims The MNLF signed 1996 peace deal but some members continue violent struggle
CNN  -- A Pakistani provincial court ruled Thursday that Raymond Davis , the CIA contractor accused of killing two Pakistani men , does not have diplomatic immunity . The court in Lahore was responding to a personal application that Davis filed last week asking that he be released from jail because he has diplomatic immunity . The court said Davis did n't enjoy diplomatic immunity because neither he nor the Pakistani government provided documents proving that he was a diplomat , according to Asad Manzoor Butt , a defense lawyer for the shooting victims . Davis has yet to be formally charged in the case . On March 14 , the Lahore High Court will take up the matter again when the federal government will submit its opinion on whether Davis enjoys immunity . On Thursday , the provincial court had been expected to read out charges against Davis . However , lawyers for the American told the court that they had not yet received all documents of alleged evidence against Davis . The court adjourned the case until Tuesday when additional documents will be provided to Davis ' legal team . The case has strained relations between the United States and Pakistan , a key ally in the war against al Qaeda and the Taliban in neighboring Afghanistan , and the shooting deaths have outraged many Pakistanis . Davis has said the January 27 shooting occurred after two men attacked him as he drove through a busy Lahore neighborhood , according to the U.S. Embassy . U.S. officials originally said Davis was a diplomat and later revealed he is a CIA contractor , intensifying the already highly charged situation . From CNN 's Samson Desta and journalist Nasir Habib	NEW : The Lahore High Court will take up the matter on March 14 U.S. officials originally say Raymond Davis was a diplomat and later revealed he is a CIA contractor The court says neither Davis nor the Pakistani government provided documents proving that he was a diplomat
Washington  CNN  -- The Sportsman Channel 's promo for Sarah Palin 's new reality television venture features the gun-toting politico-turned-celebrity exploring her idea of American freedom : man caves , target shooting and race cars . "  Amazing America 's " teaser "  She 's coming with a full heart and a full magazine , " might be getting snickers but some think she 's redefining political branding . That 's because , in this media obsessed culture , all of that on camera wilderness exploring , dog racing , and hunting , when coupled with fundraising and endorsing grassroots conservatives , adds up to a hefty boost in the Palin brand and political influence . "  It keeps her visible , " said Julian Zelizer , a Princeton University historian and CNN contributor . "  The way she 's doing this , through reality television , might be the way politics is moving . Some kind of combination of being active in political arena ... and acting in reality television might work . " In many ways it has for Palin . She turned her failed 2008 vice presidential bid into a one-woman franchise that includes highly sought after speaking engagements , political endorsements , book deals and pundit gigs Does Ted Nugent speak for you ? Her political action committee , SarahPAC , amassed just over $ 1 million through the end of last year , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . The PAC netted more than $ 5 million in 2012 and was able to use that money to donate to dozens of tea party backed candidates such as Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Arizona and , fellow reality television star-turned-politico , Rep. Sean Duffy , R-Wisconsin . Given the demographics of the Sportsman Channel , Palin 's new show will likely trend Republican , said Larry Sabato , director of the Center for Politics at the University of Virginia . Such viewership wo n't do much to expand her brand beyond her base of supporters . "  The people who would watch that would be disproportionately NRA members and white males to be blunt about it , " Sabato said . However , Palin can and likely will leverage that solidified support among her base to get voters to support candidates and causes she backs , political experts say . "  I 've been very impressed with the way she has used her notoriety and her appeal to get the average American in tune with our government , " said Crystal Wright , an editor and blogger with ConservativeBlackChick.Com who has spoken favorably of Palin in the past . "  We 've seen her grow and find her appropriate voice in the political arena . I 'm not surprised she has her own TV show . The role she 's had in the grassroots level in getting them engaged in the political process is a good one . " And there is , some conservatives point out , precedence for blurring the lines between celebrity and a political career . "  I think the answer lies in history . California twice elected actors to run the state . Did  Ronald  Reagan 's film career  including Bedtime for Bonzo  limit him ? Or Arnold 's  Schwarzenegger  movies hamper his political career , " said Mike Opelka , director of news operations at the conservative theblaze.com . But the high profile celebrity approach to politics may not bode well for her immediate prospects as an elected official . "  She 's making money , " Sabato said . "  That 's all she has a motive to do right now . It ca n't be getting into politics . There 's no way . She has negatives through the roof . It would be like Dan Quayle getting back in . " Palin backs Abbott after Nugent appearance , endorses Sessions ' challenger There is also risk in celebrity politics , political experts say . "  It could go either way . There 's a way she can leverage it by remaining in the public eye and make it clear that she is a part of everyday America , " Zelizer said . "  The big danger is that she makes herself look silly and not serious . " Then again , Palin has had far more influence outside elected office than when she served as governor of Alaska . "  I do n't know if it necessarily helps her expand the base as it solidifies the base , " said Ben Fergusson , a conservative radio host and CNN political commentator who added that independent voters may turned off by Palin 's popularity . "  It may alienate others . "	Sarah Palin 's new show "  Amazing America " broadens the politico 's brand Palin 's appeal among grassroots conservatives remains high She has leveraged that appeal to support candidates and causes she favors Her brand will likely not appeal to independents and she runs the risk of going too far
Porter Holder vividly remembers the day in 1998 when he left a U.S. Department of Agriculture loan office in Oklahoma empty-handed . He had applied for a low-interest USDA loan to help keep a farm in family ownership . He says he expected his application to be accepted . He had kept his debt at a minimum and developed a plan for supplementing his income . He believes he was turned down because he 's Native American , a member of the Choctaw tribe . "  The day I walked out of there , I knew why he denied me , " Holder said . In 1999 , He joined other Native Americans in a class-action lawsuit that accused the USDA of discriminatory lending over a 25-year period . USDA loans can be used for purchasing land , livestock , equipment and other operational items . The lending practices of USDA regional offices have cost Native American farmers hundreds of millions of dollars in potential revenue , their lawyers said , although they added that it 's a hard number to estimate because of how many farmers may have been affected . The attorneys say their expert witness , agricultural economist Patrick O'Brien , estimated that over 18 years , Native American farmers received only half the loans they could have expected to obtain . As a result , many saw their farms foreclosed on and their fields lying fallow . A recent settlement on behalf of African-American farmers gave Native Americans hope that their case will also be resolved in their favor . Individual black farmers could receive $ 50,000 each as a result of the case , known as Pigford II . According to the 2007 Census of Agriculture , there are about 60,000 Native American farmers in the United States -- double the number of African-American farmers . The vast majority of Native American farmers work on family-operated farms . Holder lives on 320 gently rolling acres in Oklahoma , where he raises cattle . His primary source of income is work as a blacksmith , shoeing horses in his community . With the right amount of financial help , he said , his life could have been different . "  I could have been a rancher , " he said . "  That 's what I wanted to do . " Holder said regional USDA offices repeatedly denied him access to loans . In one instance , he said he was told to "  go see -LSB- his -RSB- tribe . " After the regional office denied him a loan at 4 percent interest , Porter said he received an 8 percent interest loan through a private bank . He purchased the acres he lives on now , but he said the high interest has put a strain on his finances . "  If it was fair , I would be in a different place , " he said . "  I am thankful to be where I am , do n't get me wrong , but I would be in a different place . " The Native Americans ' lead counsel , Joseph Sellers , said the USDA loans are vital to the existence of Native American farmers . "  The precondition to getting these kinds of loans is the USDA is regarded as the lender of last resort , " he said . "  So the people who get these loans have already demonstrated that they ca n't get loans at two commercial lending institutions . So if they do n't get credit from the USDA , they get credit from no one . " O'Brien , formerly with the USDA research service , agreed , saying that USDA loan programs were "  limited to operators who can not obtain sufficient credit at reasonable rates elsewhere but who would be able to operate viable farm businesses if USDA made the loan  s  in question . " Claryca Mandan says farming is in her blood . Her family was named its county 's Farming Family of the Year in 1968 . She says credit became almost impossible to get around the time she married her husband , Keith , in 1979 . Like Holder , she is Native American and said she remembers when the loan practices of her local USDA office took what she called "  an aggressive stance . " Mandan , who was a borrower from the USDA for years , is now a plaintiff in the lawsuit against it . "  It became apparent we were receiving different treatment , " she said . "  We were given loan amounts that were lesser than we already requested , and we were encouraged to buy the oldest machinery instead of stuff adequate and -LSB- the -RSB- equivalent to white farmers . We started to receive a lot of resistance from the local county staff . " Mandan said the regional office 's stance toward lending was aimed not only at putting Native American farmers at a disadvantage , but at benefiting their non-Native American counterparts . Many Native American farms are on land -- usually in reservations -- that the federal government holds in trusts for the benefit of future generations . The land falls under tribal government authority , but Mandan charged that as more Native American farms defaulted on loans from the government , more farms were offered by the federal government for purchase to farmers who were not Native Americans . A 1997 report from a civil rights action team to the USDA on the treatment of minority farmers generally , cited in the lawsuit , said that as minority farmers were unable to afford their lands , "  The land is lost finally and sold at auction , where it is bought by someone else at half the price being asked of the minority farmer . Often it is alleged that the person was a friend or relative of one of -LSB- the USDA 's Farm Service Administration -RSB- county officials . " The Mandans are members of the Mandan , Hidatsa and Arikara Nation , also known as Three Affiliated Tribes . The couple still resides on land that was allocated by the Dawes General Allotment Act of 1887 , which aimed at settling Native American tribes and turning them into farmers and ranchers . Mandan , who now works as a Native American credit outreach counselor , said she and her family struggled without access to affordable credit . After she failed to secure a USDA loan , the Mandans raised four children in a two-bedroom mobile home for 12 years . Without proper loans , she said , she could n't afford a larger home . It was n't until 2007 that she moved her family into what she felt was adequate housing , purchased through a local housing authority . Ultimately , Mandan said , they wo n't be able to hand down working farms to their children . "  We are n't able to pass on farms with buildings and irrigation . A lot of us just have the bare land with fences . Many of us do n't even have buildings , " she said . "  Many of us just finally achieved standard housing . For this to be happening in the U.S. today , with an agency that was supposed to fund us equally , is just wrong . " Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said in a recent statement to CNN that the USDA is "  committed to resolving allegations of past discrimination because we are intent on ensuring every farmer and rancher is treated equally and fairly . We have made significant progress on addressing USDA 's civil rights record to close this chapter in the department 's history . " USDA officials told CNN that they are in settlement discussions with Native American farmers and that they are putting the final touches on a plan that would turn the page on the discrimination claims by Hispanic and women farmers , as well . "  We want to put this behind us and focus on the future , " a USDA official said . "  We want to make sure we have a strong foundation moving forward . " Farmers such as George Keepseagle , for whom the case is named , have seen the years pass since the lawsuit was filed . In the 12 years that he and his wife , Marilyn , have been plaintiffs in the case , his health has deteriorated significantly because of stress , he said . Keepseagle , who is 70 , was forced to sell his farm years ago . The couple now lives on the Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota and said they want to change the way the USDA services loans to minority communities . They said they are optimistic , but Marilyn admits that George has misgivings . "  He worries a lot . He worries more than I do , " she said . "  I support him , I encourage him , I tell him it 's not the end of the world and something good should come out of this . " For Porter Holder , the lawsuit is n't about the money ; it 's about the future for his four young daughters . "  I hope to see fairness in Oklahoma , " he said . "  I hope to see that it does n't matter , the color of your skin , or nationality , if you 're trying to make a productive living . This goes back to 1700 ; some things just do n't change -- it 's time . "	Native American farmers say USDA loan practices were discriminatory Recent African-American farmers ' settlement gives them hope their lawsuit will be settled Lawyers say Native American farmers need government loans to sustain their businesses USDA official : "  We want to put this behind us and focus on the future "
For West Virginians getting their drinking water from the Elk River , the pungent aftertaste from a chemical spill in January has lingered in the legal system , with more than 60 lawsuits filed . On Monday , the FBI added a criminal case against the former president of Freedom Industries , Inc. , the company whose storage tank leaked more than 7,000 gallons of a black licorice-scented chemical used to clean coal . Representatives of the company were not immediately available for comment . Gary Southern lied to dodge responsibility for the spill , according to the criminal complaint filed in a West Virginia federal court . Southern , who was arrested on Monday after the filing , was released on bond and can only travel between West Virginia and Florida , where he has homes . Complaint : False impression Southern lied under oath , saying he had just taken on leadership responsibilities at Freedom only days before the spill , FBI Special Agent James Lafferty wrote in the complaint . He wanted to leave an impression that -- because of that -- he could hardly be held responsible , the complaint said . In reality , Southern had been a leading executive at the company since 2009 , when he became chief operating officer , Lafferty wrote . Then there was the matter of the former president 's paycheck . In a bankruptcy filing on behalf of the company , Southern made an application to further collect his check using the same justification -- he had not been in charge long , when the tank containing 4-methylcyclohexane methanol  MCHM  sprung a leak . He later withdrew the application to keep collecting the check , according to the complaint . Complaint : Deception worked But the alleged deception worked , the FBI agent wrote . A committee for creditors swallowed the line , saying it believed Southern had been involved with Freedom for just a short time . " ... Southern 's goal in making the false and/or deceptive statement is to protect his assets from legal judgments that may result from lawsuits ... , " the complaint said . Southern faces charges of lying under oath , bankruptcy fraud , and also wire fraud for transferring much of his wealth out of his bank account . Southern , who is also the target of two lawsuits , has $ 7.7 million in assets , the complaint said , and he moved $ 6.5 million from his Wells Fargo bank account into an annuity account with Jackson National Life Insurance Company , Inc. . Nausea , headaches , rashes The chemical was discovered leaking on January 9 into the Elk River , which supplies the city of Charleston with water . A do-not-use order was issued to 300,000 residents , some of whom could not drink or bathe in their water for more than a week . MCHM is not directly lethal but can cause nausea , vomiting , dizziness , headaches , diarrhea and skin rashes . A month after the spill , tap water tests in 10 homes detected MCHM still in the water supply , albeit at levels within the state 's legal limit . Freedom Industries , Inc. , in a settlement reached with plaintiffs , agreed to transfer $ 2.9 million into a trust fund to be used for "  the greater good . "	FBI : Gary Southern tried to give the impression that he had not been with company long The intent was to make it seem like he could not be held responsible In reality , he had been with the company for about five years , the complaint read A leaky tank spilled 7,000 gallons of a chemical into W. Virginia 's Elk River in January
CNN  -- Tensions between Israel and Turkey spilled into a second day Tuesday when Turkish officials summoned the Israeli ambassador to a meeting , Turkey 's Anatolia news agency reported . Israel criticized Turkey Monday for a Turkish television series that it said depicted Israeli intelligence agents as baby-snatchers . When asked about Tuesday 's meeting between Israeli Ambassador Gabby Levy and Turkish officials , the Israeli Foreign Ministry said it was pre-planned . That session came one day after Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon summoned the Turkish ambassador to complain about the television show that Israel found offensive , a spokesman for Ayalon said . Afterward , Ayalon tweeted that he had "  Told Turk Amb that this is an intolerable situation which endangers the Jewish community , the Israel envoys and tourists coming to Turkey . " Several senior Israeli Foreign Ministry sources , who did n't want to be named because it would jeopardize their jobs , criticized Ayalon 's treatment of Turkish Ambassador Ahmet Oguz Celikkol at the start of their meeting Monday . At the session , Celikkol was seated below Ayalon . With cameras rolling , Ayalon turned to the television crews and said , "  The main thing is that you see that he is seated low and that we are high ... that there is one flag on the table  the Israeli flag  and that we are not smiling . " The sources told CNN they were "  surprised by Ayalon 's undiplomatic behavior . " Ceylon Ozen , spokeswoman for the Turkish Embassy in Tel Aviv , told CNN that Celikkol felt his treatment was "  unacceptable , shocking and primitive , " and did not comply with standards for diplomacy . He has contacted the Israeli ambassador to Turkey and requested a formal apology from the Israelis , she said . There had been media speculation that Ayalon 's summons was designed to sabotage a trip to Ankara Sunday by Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak . A spokesman for Ayalon said that was "  completely wide of the mark . " Barak 's office said he had no plans to cancel his trip . Israeli politicians and media outlets roundly condemned an episode of the popular Turkish soap opera , "  Valley of the Wolves : Ambush , " that depicted the Israeli intelligence service Mossad spying inside Turkey and kidnapping Turkish babies . The program also showed Mossad attacking the Turkish embassy in Tel Aviv and taking the ambassador and his family hostage . In a written statement , "  Valley of the Wolves : Ambush " producer Pana Film said the show "  will continue to tell the truth and expose the wrongs . " Israel summoned the Turkish ambassador the same day that Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan lambasted Israel for air strikes Sunday on Gaza , the Turkish state-run Anatolian News Agency reported . "  Why is it doing this ? Because it says ' I possess the power in this region , ' " the news agency quoted Erdogan as saying of Israel . "  It possesses unproportionate power and it is using this . It is not acting in accordance with U.N. resolutions , it is uncomfortable . It says ' I will do whatever I please . ' " During a joint news conference , held with Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri , Erdogan called for the international community "  to warn Israel about its nuclear arsenal just like it did with Iran , " ANA reported . Israel is widely believed to have a nuclear arsenal , but has never acknowledged that publicly . In a written statement , the Israeli Foreign Ministry condemned the criticism . "  Erdogan 's remarks join the anti-Israel program broadcast on Turkish television and the harsh statements against Israel that have been said consistently and systematically for over a year , " the statement said . "  The state of Israel reserves the full right to protect its citizens from missile attacks and from the terror of the Hamas and Hezbollah . Turkey is the last that can preach morality to Israel and the IDF  Israel Defense Forces  . " "  Valley of the Wolves : Ambush " is part of a popular franchise in Turkey . The series "  Valley of the Wolves " first aired in 2003 on Turkish television , followed by a 2006 movie of the same name that stirred controversy with its portrayal of American soldiers in Iraq and what some described as thinly-veiled anti-Semitism . The movie , based on the series , featured American actors Gary Busey and Billy Zane . Another television version , "  Valley of the Wolves : Terror , " was canceled after one episode in February 2007 . "  Ambush " first aired in April 2007 . Israel and Turkey have enjoyed close military and economic ties for more than a decade . But relations have grown testy at times in recent years over Israel 's activities in the Palestinian territories and over its Gaza offensive in December and January . CNN 's Kevin Flower and Shira Medding contributed to this report .	Israel summons Turkey 's diplomatic envoy to complain about Turkish TV show Episode of "  Valley of the Wolves : Ambush " spurred Israeli diplomatic complaint Show portrayed Israeli intelligence agents as being inside Turkey , kidnapping babies Producer says show "  will continue to tell the truth and expose the wrongs "
CNN  Schools in New York City have decided to observe two Muslim holidays and close schools for them . After all , for decades , kids have gotten Christian and Jewish holidays off . Why not add Muslim holidays to the list ? Conservative Family Research Council president Tony Perkins went predictably apoplectic , saying that it was evidence of "  discrimination " against Christians . To Perkins , "  family " apparently does not include "  non-Christian families . " Perkins ' position is that kids get Easter and Christmas off , but we call those holidays "  winter break " and "  spring break . " I hate to ally myself with such people , but I sort of agree that Mayor Bill de Blasio 's decision is a bad one . However , not for the reasons expressed by Perkins . I simply find it to be a problematic endorsement of religion by the secular state . I can not support the government endorsing religion of any kind . There was once a time when most people considered the United States to be a "  Christian " country . However , that notion was never the intent of our founders and is not consistent with a pluralistic and enlightened nation . Unfortunately , even recent events have shown us that there are a lot of ignorant Americans who still think Islam is "  un-American . " Because of that , I support measures that tell Muslims that they are our brothers and sisters , too . Nobody should feel less welcome or "  American " on the basis of the religion they practice , or whether they believe in any religion at all . But this is the wrong way . First of all , virtually every recognized religion is practiced in New York City . Unfortunately , now only three of them have some kind of "  officially acknowledged " status . Christians , Jews and Muslims have their holidays off , but what about New York 's other religions ? What about my religion ? March 6 has long been "  The Day of the Dude , " and as a Dudeist minister , should I not demand respect for my beliefs , by insisting that the school district "  take ` er easy " on that date every year ? Pastafarianism is a recognized religion . Pastafarians believe that every Friday is a holiday . Perhaps it is time for us all to be touched by the noodly appendage of the Flying Spaghetti Monster on a weekly basis . By selecting only three "  approved " religions for respect , we send the message that we value the beliefs of some over those of others . Such a mentality has no place in a secular country -- even if we have a history of recognizing some Abrahamic religions ' holidays . Because therein lies a theory behind the establishment clause . We do n't rank belief systems here . In Lemon v. Kurtzman , 403 U.S. 602  1971  , the U.S. Supreme Court gave us a three-part test to determine whether governmental conduct violates the Establishment Clause :  1  the governmental action must have a secular purpose ,  2  it must have a principal or primary effect that neither advances nor inhibits religion , and  3  it may not foster an excessive governmental entanglement with religion . De Blasio 's action violates , I think , all three prongs . De Blasio should have used this opportunity to change direction , and state that there would be no official religious holidays -- that selecting just the Abrahamic vein of religion as officially recognized by the state is simply improper . This would send the right message -- that the government is not going to get involved in matters of religion , at all . This is not to say that I disapprove of any "  cultural " days off , or even simply pragmatic decisions . For example , in some school districts in New York , 60 % of the students were absent on Chinese New Year . The New York State legislature authorized local districts to call off school that day , as a practical approach to empty chairs . Further , it did not improperly send a message that certain religions were valued over others . I see no problem with kids taking religious days off , if their family 's beliefs require them to . Schools can accommodate that kind of thing as easily as they can accommodate kids who get stuck home with the flu . I do n't have a problem with even teaching about different religions ; in fact , I support doing so . But what de Blasio did here was wrong . Montgomery County , Maryland , officials handled it the right way ; they removed all mention of religious holidays on their 2015-16 school calendar , including Rosh Hashana and Christmas . Those days are simply "  days off " as far as the government is concerned . Myself , I intend to continue to observe The Day of the Dude every year by takin ' er easy for all you sinners . I do n't expect you to -- and as much as I would like the government to mandate that we all do so every March 6 , that would simply rot the Lemon , so to speak .	Marc Randazza : NY Mayor de Blasio says schools will observe two Muslim holidays . They should not be observing any religious holidays Selecting three "  approved " religions for respect says we value the beliefs of some over those of others , he says Randazza : Why not observe MY religion : Day of the Dude ? Official observance of religious holidays has no place in secular society
When word started spreading last week that Saudi women -- already some of the most oppressed and restricted in the world -- were being monitored electronically as they left the country , activists were quick to express their outrage . "  It 's very shameful , " said Manal Al-Sharif , who became an icon of female empowerment in 2011 after defying the conservative kingdom 's driving ban and encouraging other Saudi women to do the same . Al-Sharif was one of the first prominent Saudis to start tweeting about the electronic monitoring issue -- describing the shock experienced by a couple she knew after the husband received a text message alerting him his wife had left Saudi Arabia , even though they were traveling out of the country together . What surprised and disturbed them most , Al-Sharif told CNN , was the fact that the husband had not registered with the Interior Ministry to begin receiving such notifications . "  It shows how women are still being treated as minors , " added Al-Sharif . She went on to explain how , even though a notification system has actually been in place since 2010 , before last week , a male guardian would have had to specifically request the service from the country 's Interior Ministry before receiving such messages . In recent years , much has been made of the fact that Saudi Arabia is the sole remaining country in which women still have not been given the right to drive . But restrictions experienced by Saudi females extend to far more than just getting behind the wheel . In the deeply conservative kingdom , a woman is not allowed to go to school , get a job , or even travel outside the country without first obtaining the permission of her male "  guardian , " or mahram . Paris Hilton causes dust-up in Mecca In Saudi Arabia , every woman has a male guardian -- traditionally her father , husband or brother . But the country 's guardianship system does n't just apply to women -- underage children , as well as foreign workers , also must be granted permission before being allowed outside the country 's borders . In the past few years , the country 's Interior Ministry has been introducing "  e-government " initiatives to simplify tracking of dependents with technology and to make it easier for guardians to allow their dependents to leave the country . One such program was introduced in 2010 -- guardians could sign up for a service that would notify them electronically once any of their dependents , be they , wives , children or workers , had left the country . The information would be sent out once any of these dependents had their passports scanned and crossed any of the country 's borders . It was only over the course of the last week , however , that text messages started getting sent even to men who had n't signed up for this service . Opinion : Fairness needed for U.S. pregnant workers Eman Al Nafjan , a Saudi writer and blogger , told CNN that the electronic monitoring controversy is a complicated issue that has been somewhat misunderstood -- that this is simply the latest iteration of an antiquated guardianship system Saudi women have had to live with for far too long . "  Why is it being technologically implemented and being updated ? " asked Al Nafjan . "  Why is it not being phased out ? That 's the real question . " And it 's a question that 's been asked more and more in the last several years by activists who say Saudi Arabia 's strict guardianship laws only serve to infantilize women and strip them of any freedoms . For Al Nafjan , the electronic monitoring is a serious matter , but one that has overshadowed something far more important : "  This  male guardianship  system enables exploitation of women -- it 's government-sanctioned exploitation , " said Al Nafjan , adding how Saudi laws enable men to exert complete control over their female dependents . "  It 's a power that 's being used over women , " explained Al Nafjan , who strongly advocates ending the guardianship system . "  Women are not free . No matter how old you are , you 're always a minor . It 's almost like slavery . Guardianship is practically ownership . " Al-Sharif , for her part , wondered why there are n't e-government services in place in Saudi Arabia to assist women who are in trouble , "  to help women go file complaints against their abusers if their actual guardians wo n't go with them . " "  Women should use this to make some noise , " added Al-Sharif , "  rock the boat , and say enough is enough . "	In Saudi Arabia , every women of any age has a male "  guardian " The government set up an electronic monitoring program in 2010 for women 's travel abroad The guardian could request to be notified if his dependent left the country But now , men are being notified -- even if they never asked for the information
A Navy F-18 fighter jet that crashed into a Virginia Beach neighborhood in April experienced dual engine failure , marking the first time an F-18 has had two unrelated catastrophic engine failures at the same time , according to a report released on the investigation . In the first five seconds of flight , the jet 's right engine stalled from a fuel leak , the investigators said . The pilot tried to compensate with extra thrust from the left engine but it also failed due to an unrelated problem with the afterburner . "  It was not a single failure but an extremely unusual and complex multisystem emergency , " Rear Adm. Ted Branch said at a press conference Monday . Related : Navy jet experiences "  catastrophic " malfunction , crashes in Virginia With a failed right engine and a malfunctioning left engine that was not generating sufficient thrust , the aircraft quickly lost altitude . When the F-18 dropped to 50 feet the crew ejected . One second later the jet crashed into an apartment complex , but no one was killed . The whole ordeal , from takeoff to crash , lasted only 70 seconds . If the right engine alone had failed , it is highly unlikely the aircraft would have crashed , Branch said . "  We have never had this kind of unrelated dual engine mishap in the F-18 , " he said . "  It 's the first time its ever happened with this aircraft . " Emergency procedures will be revised to take this rare occurrence into account , he said . Navy : ` Miracle ' nobody died in Virginia jet crash ` Oh my God ! ' Callers recount Navy jet crash	The F-18 crashed into a Virginia Beach , Virginia , neighborhood in April This is the first time two unrelated F-18 engine failures have occurred at the same time Though the jet hit an apartment complex , no one was killed
CNN  -- The political gridlock that has impeded progress on Japan 's myriad policy challenges may be broken at long last . With their thumping victory in the Upper House of Japan 's parliament -- known as the Diet -- the ruling coalition , led by the Liberal Democratic Party  LDP  , now effectively controls the country 's legislative body . But now there are no excuses ; power brings responsibility and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has to deliver on all the promises and pledges that have piled up over the past several months . Abe is credited with helping the Japanese economy regain its mojo after two decades of stagnation , but it 's not time for any "  mission accomplished " complacency . So-called "  Abenomics " involves three policy "  arrows " -- extreme monetary easing , massive fiscal stimulus and sweeping structural reforms . The first two arrows represent the low-hanging fruit because quantitative flooding and ratcheting up public works spending face no organized opposition . Igniting the stock market , however , is the easy part and remains a fragile success ; when Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke mentioned "  tapering " global markets , including Japan 's Nikkei , swooned . Abe 's recovery strategy aims to reflate the economy and boost consumption , but structural reforms are the key to a sustainable growth strategy . This third arrow remains a work in progress . When Team Abe unveiled a beta version of its structural reforms in June , markets reacted badly because there was nothing sweeping about the tentative measures . There is widespread and justifiable concern that Abe will have a tough time enacting bold structural reforms and anything less than audacious will disappoint markets and undermine positive trends and perceptions . Abe needs to take on the vested interests in Japan that have much to lose , but they are well represented in his LDP . Can he maintain party discipline and provide the leadership that Japan has lacked since Junichiro Koizumi 's tenure as premier  2001-2006  ? Back in the driver 's seat , the LDP may no longer feel the same sense of urgency about structural reforms and powerful constituents will lobby the party to water down or abandon aggressive revamping . Japan is participating in the Trans Pacific Partnership  TPP  , a market-opening deal that involves the United States and several smaller economies in the Asia-Pacific region . The farming lobby opposes opening Japan 's agricultural market and last year when former Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda proposed joining the TPP , he was handed a "  forget about it ! " petition with eleven million signatures . That 's a lot of reasons to believe that the TPP 's "  no sacred cows " approach to market opening may prove a deal breaker for Japan . Agriculture may generate only 1 % of Japan 's GDP , but its aging , part-time farmers are overrepresented in the Diet and are loyal supporters of the LDP . Market opening enjoys the support of Japan 's leading exporters , the global marquee firms that are industry leaders , but exports represent only about 13 % of Japan 's GDP . Domestic firms are not as competitive and are very anxious about the prospects of market opening measures , while the medical lobby is painting Armageddon scenarios about the consequences for national health care insurance , something that Japan 's aging society wants to protect from the vagaries of impersonal market forces . Structural reforms face other serious headwinds . Can the LDP push through comprehensive deregulation of the electricity market against the regional monopolies ? Why does Japan pay 4-5 times the global price for LNG imports ? Abe also faces stiff public opposition over his plans to restart the nation 's idled nuclear reactors . He is seen to be in the "  nuclear village 's " pocket , the vested interests in business and bureaucratic circles that advocate nuclear energy . But some 70 % of the Japanese public favors phasing out nuclear power because of lingering safety concerns ; 150,000 people remain displaced by the three reactor meltdowns in 2011 . Moreover , TEPCO 's ongoing clean-up at the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has been marred by a series of screw-ups worthy of the Keystone cops and there are concerns that new safety guidelines may be trumped by political expediency . Abe also wants to push ahead with tax and social welfare reforms that will prove divisive . He favors a big corporate tax cut , but the Ministry of Finance is worried about fiscal rehabilitation ; Japan 's public debt to GDP ratio is 240 % . He is also undecided about proceeding with a planned hike of the sales tax for fear it will stifle the nascent recovery . Plans to cut social welfare benefits reinforce growing perceptions that Abenomics is welfare for the wealthy and that labor market deregulation will lead to a hollowing out of the middle class . While Abe says that battling deflation requires increased consumption , a recent poll shows that 90 % of Japanese do n't think they benefit from Abenomics , according to Japanese broadcaster , NHK TV news . After all , 38 % of the entire workforce is engaged in low paid , dead-end jobs with no job security , doubling the rate two decades ago . Improving conditions for this precariat is crucial to battling deflation . Critics believe that Abe 's trickle-down economics will leave the most vulnerable high and dry . Increasing productivity and wages of these workers is key to Japan 's recovery . Women also remain marginalized in the workforce , where the gender-wage gap is double the OECD average and there are very few become managers . Aside from providing more day care , Abe has been vague about how he plans to make it happen for Japanese women -- but as they fare so fares Japan . All the reasons cited above reinforce the adage : "  It 's the economy stupid ! " But can Abe resist his ideological and nationalist inclinations ? Abe 's pet project is Constitutional revision ; he wants to jettison the war-renouncing Article 9 -- signed in the wake of Japan 's World War II defeat to outlaw war as a means of settling future disputes -- and curtail civil liberties . But he does n't have the votes to get it done . Opinion : Japanese politicians struggle with wartime past So there is considerable speculation about whether Abe plans to visit the controversial Yasukuni Shrine in mid-August when Japan 's surrender is commemorated . Since 1978 , when 14 Class A war criminals were enshrined there , Emperor Showa and Emperor Akihito never visited this sacred site . Yasukuni is indelibly tarnished by associations with wartime Shinto and an unrepentant view of Japan 's Asian rampage 1931-45 . Abe has long supported patriotic education and an airbrushed history , one that is featured at the adjacent Yushukan Museum . There one encounters a valorizing and exonerating version of Japanese imperialism and what Indian writer Pankaj Mishra terms "  aggressive self-pity . " The national cemetery is Chidorgafuchi and that is where he and his ministers should honor the war dead . Abe has found redemption in victory and need not sully Japan 's international image by trying to rehabilitate a shabby chapter in Japan 's history . After all , there is much Japanese can take pride in , and the world admires about , post-war Japan as a cornerstone of regional peace and prosperity . Can the "  real " Abe be kept under wraps ? His spin-doctors offer reassurances , but Abe expresses regret that he did n't visit during his first tenure as premier  2006-2007  . That was because he was busy fence-mending with China and South Korea following Koizumi 's repeated visits to Yasukuni that sent Japan 's regional relations into a tailspin . Abe has demonstrated that history is not his forte , but this is one lesson he ignores at his peril . Japan 's most important strategic imperative is forging better ties with China and given his conservative nationalist credentials , Abe is in a good position to build a future oriented relationship . Regarding the territorial dispute with Beijing over the Senkaku/Diaoyu islands , Tokyo 's claim that there is no dispute is a diplomatic dead-end that impedes hammering out a modus vivendi . Its time for confidence building measures , not counterproductive gestures about history ; the 2008 agreement for joint development of hydrocarbon resources in the East China Sea that shelves issues of sovereignty could be a useful step forward . Is Abe up to the job or will he lurch backward ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Kingston .	Shinzo Abe 's recovery strategy aims to reflate the economy and boost consumption There is widespread concern that Abe will have a tough time enacting bold structural reforms But anything less than audacious will disappoint markets , says Kingston Kingston says Abe must also tread carefully with his ideological , nationalist inclinations
