CNN  -- Men in glitzy shirts and outrageous hairstyles walk down the red carpet alongside a cheerleader while 2,500 people sing "  stand up if you love the darts . " These are not your groomed and glamorous stars like David Beckham -- these are men of the people . Welcome to the world of darts . A world where men like Peter Wright , who sports a multi-colored mohawk with a snake painted on the side of his head -- and parades around in shirts which would be more at home at a 1970s psychedelic disco -- is hero worshiped . Where men with paunches , who appear to have spent more time lifting pints than weights , thrill millions -- including Prince Harry . Once played by as many as 10 million Britons in pubs each year , darts has long since escaped the stereotype of a working class leisure pursuit . It 's been rebranded , revamped and then some . And what a success the marketing men have had . The World Championships , which concluded in style on New Year 's Day at London 's Alexandra Palace , was broadcast live across the globe as far as Australia , New Zealand , Asia and the Far East . Real skill As well as its larger than life sporting characters , what television loves most about darts is the atmosphere a couple of thousand men and women -- many in fancy dress and imbibing liberal amounts of alcohol -- generate at the "  Pally . " "  It 's quickfire and entertaining -- you get a result on the night and you do n't have to wait around for five days or so , " Matthew Porter , chief executive of the Professional Darts Corporation , told CNN . "  Then there 's the crowd aspect . It 's non-partisan , it 's not like football where people have teams . They have their favorite players but it 's different atmosphere . "  The social element is hugely important , " added Porter . "  People can go out in fancy dress , they can be on television and that all serves to make it an enjoyable night out . They 're not just going to a sporting event . The argument over whether darts is really a sport has seemingly become redundant , with Clive Woodward , a leading sports scientist and coach , who has worked as Sporting Director of Team GB and the England rugby team , arguing it should be in the Olympics . With 72 players from 20 different countries taking part , the reach of the sport has grown immeasurably since the inception of the World Darts Council in 1992 , which is today known as the PDC . The move , which came after a number of top players voiced their concern at the lack of progress being made by the game under the auspices of the British Darts Organization . The split brought about a new era with the creation of the PDC , now led by sports promoter Barry Hearn , who helped to revolutionize the game by giving it a complete facelift . England 's answer to American promoter Don King , Hearn , who also owns a lower division English football club , has also helped revamp snooker as well working as a boxing supremo . ` Arrows ' Darts is now a lucrative business with players competing in front of packed arenas with a total prize fund of $ 8 million on offer throughout the year . The game 's origins remain a mystery . "  Javelins , crossbow bolts and archery have all been considered , " according to darts historian Patrick Chaplin , known as ` Dr Darts ' , the author of eight books on the sport . Historically England has always excelled at archery , notably at the battle of Agincourt in 1415 when despite being outnumbered by French soldiers , Welsh and English archers overwhelmed the enemy with a storm of arrows . "  Of these the most likely scenario is that the game has its roots in archery , " added Chaplin . "  Glance back to the earliest type of dartboards and you will see that these were concentric targets -- miniature forms of the archery target . "  Moreover , darts is most commonly known as ` arrows . ' Some would say that these two points alone are sufficient to confirm our sports ' heritage . " While darts was always a pastime enjoyed in pubs across Britain in the 1930s , it was not until the BDO was established in 1973 that it became a professional sport . By January 1979 over eight million people tuned in to watch John Lowe win the Embassy World Professional Darts Championship on the BBC . While TV coverage was scaled back in the 1980s , the advent of satellite television brought about new opportunities for the game with both parties enjoying huge success . Porter is now targeting the U.S. and Asia . "  All the hard work of the past 10 years or so has come to fruition and we 're now trying to continue our global expansion . "  We started a world series last year with Dubai and Australia and we 're now trying to expand in North American and Asia , " said the PDC chief executive . "  America is a tough nut to crack because it 's such a vast market but we 've got TV coverage over there . "  We do n't have an elite U.S. player and they like to watch their own . " Porter is equally keen to draw in new fans . "  To any new fans who want to come , I 'll give them my personal guarantee that I 'll refund their money if they do n't enjoy it . "  I do n't know anyone who has n't enjoyed an evening at the darts . "	Darts is one of the fastest growing sports in the world 72 players from 20 different countries took part in World Championship Competitions broadcast across the globe as far as Australia and New Zealand The 2024 Olympic Games is being targeted by supporters
Osh , Kyrgyzstan  CNN  -- The flow of refugees fleeing southern Kyrgyzstan has gone from a flood to a trickle , the Uzbekistan Foreign Ministry said . Uzbekistan authorities said even though the flow of people had slowed down they were still dealing with an estimated 120,000 refugees . Aid workers were calling the fallout from ethnic clashes in Kyrgyzstan a humanitarian crisis . No one from Kyrgyzstan 's interim government had made official contact with them since refugees flooded into their country , the Uzbekistan Foreign Ministry said . Foreign Ministry officials said they were surprised and concerned that they have not had official contact with their neighbor during this crisis . The violence between ethnic Kyrgyz and ethnic Uzbeks had calmed down earlier this week after more than 170 people were killed and more than 1,400 were wounded . But gunfire was heard Thursday from the center of Osh , Kyrgyzstan , a sign that the violent ethnic clashes may be intensifying again . Gunfire in the hard-hit city had been heard only at night . Thursday was the first time CNN producers on the scene have heard daytime gunfights . The clashes , which started last week , were part of the most serious outbreak of ethnic violence in the former Soviet republic since 1990 , when hundreds of people died in skirmishes between Uzbeks and Kyrgyz in Osh . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called Uzbekistan 's President Islam Karimov from London on Wednesday , thanking Karimov for his help with the humanitarian situation , according to a statement from Ban 's office . The secretary-general promised assistance to affected people in southern Kyrgyzstan and those seeking refuge in Uzbekistan , and said he intended to consult with key members of the U.N. Security Council upon his return to New York later Wednesday . One U.N. plane , loaded with tons of tents , landed in the area Wednesday and others were on the way . Several countries , including the United States , Germany and Russia , have also sent aid . The International Committee of the Red Cross said along with refugees there was an estimated 60,000 internally displaced people in Kyrgyzstan . Francois Blancy , deputy head of the Red Cross regional office in Uzbekistan , said more aid is needed . "  We are now at the peak of the humanitarian crisis , " Blancy said . CNN 's Matthew Chance and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : More gunfire heard in Osh Uzbekistan concerned that it has had no official contact with Kyrgyzstan Red Cross estimates that there are also 60,000 internally displaced people
In 1945 , not long after attending a historic meeting with Winston Churchill and Joseph Stalin and mere weeks before dying , President Franklin D. Roosevelt addressed Congress . Frail from years of declining health , Roosevelt was forced to give his last report to Congress sitting down , but many of the words he spoke that day were strong : "  The structure of world peace can not be the work of one man , or one party , or one nation , it can not be just an American peace , or British peace , or a Russian , or a French or a Chinese peace . It can not be a peace of large nations -- or of small nations . It must be a peace which rests on the cooperative effort of the whole world . " Over the past few months we have heard a lot of rhetoric from Republican candidates about the supposed weakness of President Obama in relation to foreign policy -- specifically his willingness to apologize when the United States has inadvertently hurt or offended another nation . It seems his challengers ' idea of strength is to never admit that you are wrong , which any therapist will tell you is more of a reflection of a person 's insecurity and weakness than of resolve or strength . And given the number of times the Reagan administration apologized -- to countries like Japan , China and Poland -- you would think this bunch of Reagan wannabes would want to be more careful in describing the behavior they consider weak . Now , I understand it is an election year and certainly President Obama is as guilty as his opponents of being overtly political -- for example , holding a press conference the day of his rivals ' Super Tuesday contests . But the no-apology theme that has become part of the GOP campaign fabric harms the ability of this and future presidents to lead the kind of cooperative effort Roosevelt spoke of nearly 70 years ago . It is extremely shortsighted of Rick Santorum , Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich to willfully cloud international diplomacy for some misguided cheers and a few lousy delegates . It 's irresponsible and it 's counterproductive , for as Roosevelt pointed out in his last days , even the strongest of nations need the cooperation of others to achieve the ultimate goal of peace . It is hard to get them to rally behind you when you behave as the world 's bully . We can bribe countries with financial aid , we can scare them with military might , but all that only buys time . It masks resentment or delays war . But it does n't bring peace . Only humility can do that . Our light as a nation shines brightest not when we tout our greatness but when we behave selflessly . The core of our character is epitomized by our willingness to fight injustices beyond our borders . But all that is undermined when we ignore the injustices -- intentional or not -- that America commits . Acknowledging that we are not above reproach only adds to our credibility . And we are going to need all the influence we can muster . When I look around , I see a planet at a critical juncture in history . The nuclear threat in Iran is unnerving , but it is only one of many challenges we face . We have a looming energy crisis and global food shortage because of rapid population growth . Some of these issues we simply can not just bully our way past . We 're going to have to sit down with our friends as well as enemies . After all , no war has ever ended without both at the table . Read some of the featured comments on this article We 're also going to need to be a part of the global community in a cooperative way -- and sometimes that will mean leading . Sometimes that will mean following . And yes , sometimes that will mean apologizing . We should have apologized for testing syphilis on unsuspecting Guatemalans in the 1960s , and I 'm glad President Obama did . We should want to apologize for reneging on the promises made to the Filipino veterans who helped us fight in World War II . And I 'm glad we apologized for the unintentional burning of the Qurans in Afghanistan . Who knows how much worse the situation surrounding the massacre that left 16 civilian Afghans dead would be if President Obama had n't apologized for that earlier offense ? Doing so did n't make him or the country weak , it made us strong . Weak is never having the guts to say "  I 'm sorry . " Or berating the person who does .	Republicans have criticized President Obama , saying he apologizes for the U.S. LZ Granderson says Obama has rightly admitted mistakes the U.S. has made He says a willingness to admit fault is crucial to gaining international cooperation LZ Granderson : Admitting our mistakes is n't a weakness but a strength
Mashable  -- Microsoft received much Twitter flak after a small PR account for its Xbox system encouraged followers to remember recently deceased musician Amy Winehouse by purchasing her last album on the company 's entertainment marketplace , Zune . After about an hour of retweets with comments like "  classy , " "  crass much ? " and "  Microsoft -- failing at social media , " the account tweeted a follow up . "  Apologies to everyone if our earlier Amy Winehouse ` download ' tweet seemed purely commercially motivated , " it said . "  Far from the case , we assure you . " It then followed with a second tweet : "  With Amy W 's passing , the world has lost a huge talent . Our thoughts are with Amy 's family and friends at this very sad time . " Microsoft is n't the only company that has seemingly attempted to capitalize on the star 's death . Apple posted an image of Winehouse on the front of the iTunes store with the caption "  remembering Amy Winehouse . " Her breakout album , the Grammy-winning "  Back to Black , " has subsequently become the No. 1 album in the store . Amazon also posted a brief obituary that linked to a page where shoppers can purchase the singer 's music . Sales of "  Back to Black " increased 37 times immediately after Winehouse 's death . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	After an hour or so of online criticism , Microsoft tweeted a follow-up apology Apple posted an image of Winehouse on the front of the iTunes store Sales of "  Back to Black " increased 37 times immediately after Winehouse 's death
CNN  -- Formula One team Hispania Racing  HRT  have called up reserve driver Christian Klien for Sunday 's Singapore Grand Prix after regular first choice Sakon Yamamoto withdrew through illness . Yamamoto is suffering from food poisoning and will hope to recover in time for his home grand prix in Suzuka , Japan on October 10 . For Austria 's Klien , it will be his first Formula One race since driving for Red Bull Racing during the 2006 season . HRT team principle Colin Kolles confirmed the change via Formula One 's official website : "  It looks as if Sakon Yamamoto has food poisoning , and he does n't feel well . "  Because of this , Christian Klien will be driving the car this Friday  in practice  and the rest of the Singapore Grand Prix . " The 27-year-old Klien first made his breakthrough in Formula One with Jaguar in 2004 , before spending two years with Red Bull . Since then he has been a test driver for both Honda and BMW Sauber before making the switch to HRT . Meanwhile , former Renault boss Flavio Briatore believes seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher has made a mistake by returning to Formula One . Briatore , who worked with Schumacher in his days at the Benetton Formula one team , said the legendary German will have realized that , at the age of 41 , he can not compete with the younger drivers . Speaking to the official Formula One website , the Italian said : "  I think when he signed the contract he honestly believed that it was the right decision . "  The same way I think that he already knew that it was a mistake at the first serious test . Then he awoke to the fact of how alarmingly fast these youngsters are today . "  At 41 , you simply can not keep up with  Mercedes GP teammate , Nico  Rosberg and all the other guys . " The 60-year-old has also ruled out an imminent return to Formula One after he was forced to leave the sport following his role in race fixing at the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix . "  I want to have fun with what I 'm doing -- that is my motivation and not the need for a job . At the moment I would n't have fun in Formula One , " he said . "  At the moment I am happy with what I am doing -- being a dad , husband , and taking care of my investments . "	HRT have withdrawn Sakon Yamamoto from the Singapore Grand Prix through illness He will be replaced by Austrian test driver Christian Klien who has not raced since 2006 Flavio Briatore says Michael Schumacher made a mistake by returning to Formula One Former Renault boss also says he has no plans to return to the sport
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Passengers said they saw flames and then heard an explosion moments before a Spanair jet crashed on takeoff Wednesday at Madrid 's Barajas Airport , killing 153 people , according to local media . The Spanair Flight JK5022 was carrying 172 people . There were 19 survivors , including two infants , Development Minister Magdalena Alvarez said . The 19 were being treated at a hospital , Alvaraez said . The severity of the injuries varies , but many of the injured have been treated for burns , Spanish Red Cross spokeswoman Olivia Acosa said . Watch as the wounded arrive at a hospital " The flight was bound for Las Palmas in the Canary Islands , two hours away . Local officials said one of the engines caught fire . The aircraft , an MD-82 , has two jet engines , both at the rear . The burning plane came to rest in a gully about 2:45 p.m.  8:45 a.m. ET  . The crash sent up a plume of smoke visible from several kilometers away . At the time of the crash , weather conditions were hot and clear . Watch smoke rising from airport " A survivor told Spain 's ABC newspaper that she and other passengers heard an explosion as the plane was taking off . iReport : Send us your pictures , video , information . "  She said they could see the fire , ... and then it was not even a minute or so they heard -LSB- something -RSB- blow up , " reporter Carlota Fomina told CNN . "  They were about 200 meters -LSB- 660 feet -RSB- in the air , and then they were landing but not crashing . They were landing , like , little by little ; it was not like they -LSB- fell -RSB- down suddenly . " The MD-82 was carrying 162 passengers , four non-working crew members and six working crew members , Spanair said . After contacting families , the airline published the names of those aboard on its Web site . Watch as relatives of survivors start arriving at the airport " Some of the survivors have serious injuries , while others have non-life-threatening injuries . Many of the injured were treated for burns , she said . The aircraft was carrying seven passengers from Lufthansa Flight 2554 , according to the airline . Spanair , a low-cost airline that has a flight-sharing agreement with Lufthansa , is owned by SAS Scandinavian Airlines . Barajas Airport closed after the crash but reopened more than two hours later , allowing a limited number of takeoffs and landings , an airport official said . See a map of the airport " Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero arrived at the airport Wednesday evening after cutting short a vacation . "  The government will do all it can to support the families in this difficult situation , " he said . "  The whole government , logically , is affected , very affected , as are all Spanish citizens , by this tragedy . " The fatal crash was the first at the airport since December 1983 , when 93 people were killed as two Spanish airliners collided . The airport , eight miles  13 km  northeast of central Madrid , is Spain 's busiest , handling more than 40 million passengers a year . The United States National Transportation Safety Board is sending an investigation team to Madrid because the aircraft is American-made , NTSB spokesman Keith Holloway said . Spanair has set up a local emergency number for family members and friends phoning from Spain : +34 800-400-200 . CNN 's Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman , Brian Todd and Kathleen Koch contributed to this report	NEW : Local officials say one of jet 's two engines caught fire NEW : Two infants among 19 survivors , Spanish official says NEW : Passenger list posted on Spanair Web site MD-82 crashed while taking off from Madrid 's main airport
Filipino doctors , priests , journalists and accountants will be allowed to arm themselves while at work under a controversial new gun law that takes effect in their country this month . Under the Philippines ' Republic Act 10591 , people working in these sectors -- along with nurses , engineers , bank tellers , and lawyers -- are considered "  in imminent danger due to their profession " and will be allowed to carry small guns when outside their homes . To qualify for a special firearms permit , people in these professions have to pass drug and psychiatric tests , and show they do n't have any criminal convictions or pending cases for crimes with punishments of more than two years in prison . This relaxes the requirements of the previous gun law , the Republic Act 8294 , under which they had to prove they were under "  actual threat " of danger to carry a firearm . The regulations could be good news for reporters in the Philippines , who live in one of the world 's deadliest countries for the media , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . Some 74 journalists , mostly covering politics , have been murdered in the Philippines since 1992 , the press freedom group says . In more than 70 % of cases , the killers have gone unpunished . With gun ownership high -- there were 1.2 million registered firearms in the Philippines in 2012 , according to data from the National Police Firearms and Explosives Office , and estimates for unregistered weapons are in the hundreds of thousands -- firearms are often blamed for violence in the country . During New Year celebrations alone , at least 30 people were injured and one infant killed by stray bullets , the police said . Philippines ' authorities say the new law will help them better regulate the use of firearms and curb gun-related crimes , according to local media reports . The law sets harsher penalties for individuals found guilty of possessing unlicensed guns , who now face at least 30 years in jail . The Republic Act 10591 also requires gun owners to have three separate permits : a license to own a firearm , registration for the gun , and a third permit to carry the weapon outside his or her residence . But not everyone who is eligible for the special permits will be rushing out to buy guns . Catholic priests criticized the law after it was signed by President Benigno Aquino III in May last year , saying that it was contrary to their belief that society needs peace , not violence . "  Priests are supposed to be men of peace , not of war , " the Union of Catholic Asian News reported Bishop Jose Oliveros from Bulacan province as saying . "  Our Lord said : ` he who lives by the sword will die by the sword . We should not counter violence with violence . " WATCH : Video shows test firing of 3-D-printed handgun	A new law in the Philippines allows professionals "  in imminent danger " of attack to carry guns Doctors , priests , accountants , journalists , and bank tellers are among those who qualify Philippines authorities say the law will help them to improve the regulation of firearms
CNN  -- Bernie Madoff 's victims , who were collectively swindled out of more than $ 50 billion , effectively recouped more than $ 2 million on Saturday in an auction of the investment titan-turned-villain 's personal items . The U.S. Marshals Service sold off nearly 500 pieces of personal property belonging to Bernie and his wife Ruth Madoff in New York on Saturday morning . The money raised through the auction goes the U.S. Department of Justice Asset Forfeiture Fund to compensate the victims of Madoff 's history-making fraud . "  Another chapter  in the Madoff saga  ended here today , " Deputy U.S. Marshal Roland Ubaldo told CNN by e-mail . "  All 489 lots of ill-gotten gains sold today and the proceeds will go toward something good for a change . " For months , Madoff successfully avoided detention after his arrest for engineering a sprawling Ponzi scheme , posting $ 10 million bail and cloistering himself with his wife in their $ 7 million Manhattan apartment . But he lost his freedom -- as well as access to his once vast wealth -- when he pleaded guilty in 2009 to 11 counts including money laundering and perjury . A judge , saying he had perpetrated "  extraordinarily evil " crimes , later sentenced him to 150 years in prison . On Saturday , some of Madoff 's riches taken from his homes in New York City and Montauk , Long Island , were on the auction block . Several items went for significantly more money than had been expected in what the U.S. Marshall 's office deemed "  a very successful day . " A 10.5-carat diamond engagement ring fetched $ 550,000 at the auction -- appreciably more than the $ 350,000 auctioneers had hoped to get . A Steinway and Sons grand piano , which had been expected to get $ 16,000 , went for $ 42,000 , while a pair of black velveteen slippers embroidered with the initials BLM in gold thread were sold for $ 6,100 , said Ubaldo . Last year , the first auction of Madoff 's property brought in more than $ 900,000 , with most items selling for prices well beyond the highest pre-sale estimates . The 71-year-old is now at the Butner Federal Correction Complex , a medium-security prison in North Carolina , and scheduled to be released on Nov. 14 , 2139 . He masqueraded his investment firm as legitimate when it was nothing more than a front . He would use the funds from new investors to send payments to his more mature investors . He would falsely portray these payments as proceeds from investments , when they were actually stolen money . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	An auction of convicted scam artist Bernie Madoff 's personal items brought in over $ 2 million The big-ticket items included an engagement ring , piano and velveteen slippers Maddoff , 71 , admitted heading a scheme that defrauded clients out of billions of dollars
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The key players in the "  Fast & Furious " series meet Friday to discuss the future of the movie franchise , star Vin Diesel said . "  We always took pride in trying to make each one better than the last , " Diesel said in a post on his verified Facebook fan page late Thursday . Diesel has used his Facebook page to keep fans updated since co-star Paul Walker died in a high-speed car crash six weeks ago . "  P.s. Tomorrow we meet with the studio , regarding the future of the Fast saga ... and the completion of seven , " he said . Walker , 40 , and the rest of the "  Fast & Furious " cast were on a short break for Thanksgiving when he stepped into a red 2005 Porsche Carrera GT for a short ride around a Santa Clarita , California , business park . Investigators concluded that the car , driven by Walker 's friend , was speeding at more than 100 miles per hour when it clipped a light pole and was engulfed in flames , killing both men . Walker 's ex-cop character , Brian O'Conner , was central to five of the first six "  Fast & Furious " stories , and his death left the future of the next film in doubt . Millions of dollars are at stake , considering the franchise has sold $ 2.6 billion in tickets around the world since 2001 . Universal Studios , which was planning to release the franchise 's seventh installment this July , announced last month that it would hit theaters on April 10 , 2015 . Diesel posted a message and photograph on Facebook two weeks ago that showed the last scene he and Walker filmed together . "  There was a unique sense of completion , of pride we shared ... in the film we were now completing ... the magic captured ... and , in just how far we 've come , " Diesel wrote . CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	"  Tomorrow we meet with the studio , " Vin Diesel tells fans Thursday night Diesel : "  We always took pride in trying to make each one better than the last " The next installment is set for release in April 2015 Death of Paul Walker halted production
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday after four hours of talks with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov that Russia had reaffirmed its commitment to finding a diplomatic solution in Ukraine but had not agreed to move Russian troops from the Ukraine border . "  We both made suggestions as to how that will be achieved ... and I will return to Washington to consult with President Obama on his choices , " Kerry said at a news conference in Paris . "  We are trying to find a way to defuse this . " In a later press briefing , Lavrov said , "  We expressed differing views about the cause of this crisis but nevertheless we agreed on the need to search for points of common ground to find a diplomatic settlement . " Kerry said Lavrov indicated Russia "  wants to support " Ukraine in its move toward independence but said the massing of Russian troops has created "  a climate of fear and intimidation . " "  Is it smart at this moment in time to have that number of troops amassed on a border when you are sending a message that you want to de-escalate and move in the other direction ? " Kerry said . Kerry said Russia and the United States agreed to work with Ukraine on several issues : the rights of national minorities ; language rights ; the demobilization and disarmament of provocateurs ; a constitutional reform process ; and free and fair elections monitored by the international community . Lavrov said he hopes "  all political forces in Ukraine will have an equal voice and can agree on which kind of concrete political , economic , financial , social , religious traditions will be respected in different parts of the country . " Kerry stressed that no real progress can be made until the troops are pulled back . He added that Ukrainians must be part of any discussions going forward , saying , "  No decisions about Ukraine without Ukraine . " Other nations support this stance , he said . Hours before the meeting , Lavrov called on Western powers to back a proposal for a "  federal " structure in Ukraine . "  If our Western partners are prepared , Russia , the U.S. and the EU will be able to set up a group of support to Ukraine and to formulate general appeals to those who rule in Ukraine now , " Lavrov told Russian state television , according to state news agency ITAR-Tass . This would lead to talks between "  all political forces without exception , naturally not armed radicals " and would result in a new constitution allowing for a "  federal system of government , " he said . "  If our partners are prepared for this , we are open for broadest cooperation , " Lavrov added . Kerry said that subject was not discussed with Lavrov because it 's a decision Ukraine 's leaders must make . With millions of Russian speakers concentrated in Ukraine 's eastern regions , Russia backs the idea of greater regional autonomy . This would "  protect the rights of those who live in Ukraine , primarily the Russian-speaking population , which is important to us , " Lavrov said . Lavrov and Kerry met for four hours in Paris on Sunday , as both sides tried to ease tensions in the worst East-West standoff since the Cold War . The meeting ended about 5 p.m. ET . ` The hordes are coming ' : Ukrainians fear Russian invasion in northeast Russian forces on border The meeting follows a phone call between Russian President Vladimir Putin and U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday . "  What gives me a sense we may be able to solve the situation is that Putin did call our President and suggestions were made , and there will be a meeting  between Kerry and Lavrov  , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday . "  And there may well be the ability to solve this . " On Saturday , Lavrov said Russia had no intention of sending troops into Ukraine -- responding to Western warnings over a military buildup on the border following Moscow 's annexation of the Crimean peninsula . Crimeans voted March 16 to break away from Ukraine and join Russia . The United States and other Western governments called the referendum illegal , saying it violated Ukraine 's constitution and amounted to an attempt by Russia to expand its borders to the Black Sea peninsula . Russia may have 40,000 troops near its border with eastern Ukraine and another 25,000 at locations inland who are on alert and prepared to go in , two U.S. officials have told CNN . The officials said that this estimate was largely based on satellite imagery and that a firm number is difficult to assess . Russia has said its troops are carrying out snap military exercises in the region . The United States and the European Union have targeted members of Putin 's inner circle with two rounds of sanctions that include visa bans and asset freezes . The West has warned more sanctions are possible if Russia sends more forces into Ukraine . Russia responded with its own sanctions on the United States , banning several U.S. officials from entering the country . Opinion : Does Obama really understand Putin ? U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered the top U.S. commander in Europe back to the continent because of the "  growing uncertainty in Ukraine , " Pentagon press secretary Rear . Adm. John Kirby said Sunday . Gen. Phil Breedlove was in Washington , where he was supposed to give annual testimony before Congress later this week . "  More broadly , he felt it was important for General Breedlove to continue our efforts to consult with NATO allies , and to discuss specific ways to provide additional reassurance for our NATO allies in Eastern Europe , " Kirby said of Hagel 's decision to cut short Breedlove 's stay in Washington . "  While it does not foreshadow imminent military action in Ukraine , the general 's return will allow him more time to confer closely with his staff and our allies and partners , and to better advise senior leaders , " Kirby said . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor .	Kerry says Russia did not agree to move troops from Ukraine border Kerry said both sides made suggestions about how to de-escalate the crisis U.S. secretary of state , Russian foreign minister met for four hours Sunday Lavrov : "  We agreed on the need to search for points of common ground "
CNN  -- Earlier this month , Jakarta governor Joko Widodo , who is universally known by his nickname Jokowi , claimed victory in Indonesia 's presidential election -- though official results have yet to come out . Jokowi is a transformative figure -- often referred to as Indonesia 's Barack Obama . He 'll be Indonesia 's first president from outside of Jakarta 's traditional elite , and has already shaken up the routine of Indonesian politics by refusing to promise cabinet seats to other parties in exchange for their support in his election . If he is confirmed as the winner then he 'll have received a mandate from the people of Indonesia to deliver both greater and more inclusive economic growth by transforming the country 's unwieldy bureaucracy . His opponent , retired General Prabowo Subianto , has refused to concede . Prabowo has every right to wait for the official tally , due by July 22 , and to challenge the result in the Constitutional Court , which must rule on any challenges by August 24 . But Jokowi 's lead in the quick counts -- a representative sample of the initial tabulations conducted on polling day at 2,000 polling stations around Indonesia -- seems unassailable . Barring any subterfuge in the counting or subversion of the judicial process , Jokowi will be sworn in as the seventh president of the Republic of Indonesia on October 20 . Lacking experience But while Jokowi 's rise could transform Indonesian politics , his agenda when it comes to foreign affairs is much more modest . As a former furniture exporter , he has no prior experience in foreign or security affairs . Perhaps because of that , he has promised to continue many of the policies of incumbent President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , who came into office with far more experience as an army general educated in the United States . In Yudhoyono 's first term , Indonesia cemented its position in the G-20 and led important climate change negotiations in Bali . In his second term , it chaired two important regional meetings , the East Asia Summit and the APEC Forum , at a time of increased friction between China and Southeast Asian states . Yet despite Indonesia 's de facto role as a leader of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  , Yudhoyono left much of the heavy lifting to his talented foreign ministers , Hasan Wirajuda and Marty Natalegawa . Look for Jokowi to do the same by appointing a protÃ © gÃ © of Wirajuda to the post . One area where we may see greater emphasis under the Jokowi administration is Indonesian advocacy of global Islamic causes . During a presidential debate on foreign policy in June , Jokowi announced that he would seek to establish an Indonesian embassy in "  Palestinian-controlled territory , " and seek greater recognition for its government abroad . Smear campaign Jokowi made this promise against the backdrop of an alleged smear campaign against him by shadowy forces connected to his opponent that portrayed him as a Christian of Chinese descent , a description unlikely to help a bid to become the head of state in the world 's most populous Muslim-majority nation . For the same reason , Jokowi spent the three-day quiet period between the end of the campaign and voting on election day on a pilgrimage to Mecca , which the Indonesian press covered extensively . No one should interpret Jokowi 's interest in Palestinian statehood as an indication that Indonesia will aggressively push Islamic causes , or that Jokowi will make the kind of perorations on these issues that made former Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohammed infamous in the West . Indonesia has always quietly advocated for the Palestinian cause . Establishing an embassy would take that advocacy to a new level , and is in line with a broader global trend toward acceptance of Palestinian statehood before a peace agreement can be concluded with Israel . Jokowi 's interest in the Middle East could prove useful , however , to confronting a growing security challenge as Indonesian jihadists return from fighting in Syria and Iraq , radicalized by their experience and interested in continuing the fight back home . Indonesia 's foreign ministry estimates at least 50 Indonesian jihadists have gone to fight in Syria , leading many analysts to conclude the number is likely much higher . If Jokowi can use his greater exertions on behalf of the Palestinian cause to lobby Arab governments to help intercept Indonesian fighters returning to the archipelago , and to demonstrate that his government has not ignored the plight of their coreligionists in the Middle East , he could diminish the risk of violence back home .	Jokowi has claimed victory in Indonesia 's presidential vote -- though official results have still to come Would be Indonesia 's first president from outside of Jakarta 's traditional elite Jokowi has expressed interest in Palestinian statehood during his foreign policy discussions Connelly : Mideast interest could be useful in stemming flow of Indonesian jihadists there
CNN  -- Lionel Messi scored a record 50th goal this season as Barcelona bounced back from midweek Spanish Cup heartache to maintain an eight-point lead in La Liga on Saturday . The two-time world player of the year became the first player to reach the half-century mark in a Spanish season as he moved past Real Madrid 's Hungarian legend Ferenc Puskas in a 2-0 win over Osasuna . The 23-year-old scored 47 in all competitions last season , matching Brazil legend Ronaldo 's Barcelona record . With arch-rivals Real Madrid following up Wednesday 's extra-time Copa del Rey triumph by thrashing third-placed Valencia 6-3 earlier , the pressure was on Barcelona to respond . Coach Pep Guardiola followed Real 's Jose Mourinho in fielding a much-changed line-up ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League semifinal first leg between the two teams in Madrid . Real star Ramos laughs off trophy blunder But while Messi started on the bench , David Villa retained his place up front -- and it was the Spain striker who broke the deadlock in the 24th minute when he scored his first goal since February . Villa slid home at the far post to convert a superb low cross from the left by Jeffren for his 18th league goal this season , and first in 11 matches . Xavi , Andres Iniesta and Messi came on in the second half , and the Argentina forward -- who replaced Villa -- settled the match with three minutes to play after being set up by Dani Alves . The victory left Barca on course for a third straight title with five matches to play , while Osasuna remained two points above the relegation zone . Real got the better of Barca for the first time this season with a strong defensive effort in Valencia , but went all guns blazing in Saturday 's return to the Mestalla . Is Mourinho the master of mind games ? Argentina striker Gonzalo Higuain scored a hat-trick and Brazil star Kaka netted twice in a match that Madrid led 5-0 after 53 minutes . France striker Karim Benzema opened the floodgates in the 23rd minute , and Higuain had completed his treble by the time in-form striker Roberto Soldado pulled one back on the hour for Valencia . But Kaka , who set up two of Higuain 's efforts , restored Real 's five-goal advantage with a superb solo burst into the box just two minutes later . Valencia threatened a late comeback when Jonas and substitute Jordi Alba scored in the last 10 minutes , but the match highlighted the gulf of class in Spain with Real moving 17 points clear of the home team . In Saturday 's late match , fifth-placed Athletic Bilbao beat Basque rivals Real Sociedad 2-1 to move five points clear of Sevilla , who host Champions League hopefuls Villarreal on Sunday . Teenager Iker Muniain and Gaizka Toquero scored inside the opening half hour , but an own-goal by Javi Martinez soon after the latter 's effort gave the 13th-placed visitors hope .	Barcelona eight points clear in Spain as Lionel Messi scores record 50th goal of season Argentine comes off the bench in much-changed team for 2-0 win over Osasuna Real Madrid continue from cup win with 6-3 thrashing of third-placed Valencia Fifth-placed Athletic Bilbao beat Basque rivals Real Sociedad 2-1 at home
Madrid  CNN  -- Rio de Janeiro will host the next World Youth Day , Pope Benedict XVI announced Sunday to hundreds of thousands of young Roman Catholic pilgrims at the close of this year 's event in Madrid . "  I am pleased now to announce that the next World Youth Day will be held in 2013 , in Rio de Janeiro , " the Pope told the faithful assembled to celebrate Mass at a military airbase on Madrid 's western outskirts . The crowds of young people from around the globe erupted in cheers at the announcement . Rio will also host the Summer Olympics in 2016 and Brazil will host the World Cup in 2014 . City officials who were in Madrid for Sunday 's announcement said in a statement that they were eager to see the festivities come to their city . "  From an economic standpoint , it 's amazing . ... The streets will be full , and the museums and sites , " said Sergio Cabral , governor of Rio de Janeiro state . Eduardo Paes , Rio de Janeiro 's mayor , said the city -- with the massive Christ the Redeemer statue overlooking it -- will be the ideal host for the event . "  Upon arriving in Madrid , I was very impressed with the size of this fantastic meeting . ... On every corner , demonstrations of fellowship , harmony , ideas for building a better world . And there 's no better environment than Rio , the city known to be blessed by God , to receive this event , " he said . "  Brazil is a country of continental dimensions , with a Catholic majority , and our city has unique scenery and welcoming people . " Benedict ended his four-day visit to Madrid on Sunday , with Spain 's King Juan Carlos I and Queen Sofia escorting the Roman Catholic leader to the steps of his outbound jetliner . During the visit , thousands protested what they said was the high cost of organizing the event this year in Madrid during Spain 's deep economic crisis , with nearly 21 % unemployment and nearly 5 million people jobless . The World Youth Day organization said it was spending about $ 70 million on the event , which is celebrated on a global scale every few years and which this year included activities that cut traffic in central Madrid on Thursday and Friday , before moving to the airbase over the weekend . Most of the money came from Catholic pilgrims and sponsors , the organization said , insisting that it would not cost taxpayers anything . But critics said public funds would likely pay for the 10,000 police officers on duty , or the discounts on the Madrid metro for the visiting pilgrims at the same time that normal fares have gone up . Madrid will see economic benefits as a result of the large number of visitors and the attention from international news media , Spain 's chief government spokesman , Jose Blanco , told a news conference Friday . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	NEW : Pope heads home after World Youth Day "  From an economic standpoint , it 's amazing , " Rio de Janeiro 's governor says Brazil also will host the Summer Olympics in 2016 and the World Cup in 2014 Spaniards protest what they say is the high cost of organizing the event this year in Madrid
CNN  -- On a stormy January night in 1992 , out in the Pacific Ocean , 29,000 plastic yellow ducks , blue turtles and green frogs fell from a cargo ship and were lost at sea . For the past 21 years , these durable plastic bath toys have been floating around the world , passing the site where the Titanic sank , landing in Japan , Alaska and Hawaii and even spending years frozen in an Arctic ice pack . Originally sealed in a 40-foot steel shipping container , rough seas and huge waves knocked the bath toys overboard , along with several other containers that sank straight to the ocean floor . See also : Is this the age of the super-ports ? Some estimates suggest that up to 10,000 containers fall into the ocean every year . The World Shipping Council , whose members represent 90 % of the world 's container ship capacity , say that figure is grossly exaggerated and estimate that on average no more than 350 containers are lost annually . Due to severe weather and high seas , accidents or incorrect stowage , there are now shipping containers littering the seabed all around the world . Many float on the surface for months , some rupture and release their goods , but most eventually sink to the bottom -- creating deep-sea stepping stones between ports across the globe . Oceanographer and self-confessed beachcomber Curt Ebbesmeyer says , "  Usually container ships lose containers when the ship starts rolling side-to-side at more than a 55-degree-angle . You have to imagine a couple of dozen containers falling overboard together . When they start banging together , it 's a very , very violent episode . " Approximately 90 % of worldwide cargo travels by sea -- an overwhelming percentage . While often overlooked , shipping containers have transformed global trade , easily moving between truck , train and ship . See also : Introducing the world 's biggest ship Drewry Shipping Consultants , who track container inventories at a microscopic level of detail , say 183 million TEUs  20-foot equivalent units  are moved globally by sea every year and at any one time , approximately 6.7 million containers are in transit . According to Peter Glover , Master Mariner and Senior Associate at international law firm Norton Rose Fulbright , "  There is no international convention which places an obligation on shipping companies to report losses of containers at sea . " However , a report will likely be required if the loss of the container is considered to be a marine accident , presents a danger to navigation , or if discharge of the contents of the container is such that it breaches the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships . In June of this year , a five-year-old container ship , the MOL Comfort broke its back in heavy weather and split apart off the coast of Yemen . There were no casualties but all 7,000 containers , reportedly carrying consumer electronics and clothes , were lost after the ship caught fire and subsequently sank -- a catastrophic event that cost insurers between $ 300-400 million in claims . Over the years , a great wealth of unusual items has washed up on beaches around the world . In 2006 , beachcombers scavenging the Outer Banks of North Carolina were greeted by thousands of sealed bags of Doritos tortilla chips that floated onto the beach , dry and still in an edible condition . During a storm in 1990 , a large wave washed 21 shipping containers into the North Pacific Ocean . 60,000 Nike shoes -- en route from Korea to the US -- splashed into the waves . Over the next year , hundreds of shoes -- from hiking boots to children 's shoes -- were discovered on the beaches of the Queen Charlotte Islands , western Vancouver Island , Washington and Oregon . See also : Navigating the world 's busiest shipping lane But it is the plastic animals that have proved most valuable for scientific research of great ocean currents -- the so-called engine of the planet 's climate . For the last 21 years , Ebbesmeyer has been tracking the ducks , frogs and turtles from Sitka , where they first landed , all the way to Scotland and Maine . Having patiently recorded the date and location of each sighting , he has been able to learn an enormous amount about the ocean 's conveyor belt . While Ebbesmeyer says only 3 % of findings are reported , the last sighting he is aware of was a frog in August of this year . Today , he believes there are only a few hundred left ... still at the mercy of the winds and surface currents . Once the tale of the tub toys is over , Ebbesmeyer says he still has plenty of other container spills to help him track the currents -- 34,000 hockey gloves and 5 million Lego pieces were dropped in the ocean 16 years ago , for example . "  It 's a strange thing to be living on a planet and not know what 's in 70 % of it , " Ebbesmeyer says . "  You literally never know what 's going to wash up onto shore . " Eoghan Macguire contributed to this article	A container of plastic ducks , frogs and beavers broke free from a cargo ship and fell into the North Pacific in 1992 The durable bath toys have been floating around ever since providing insights into the flow of ocean currents Some estimates suggest as many as 10,000 containers fall into the ocean every year
The Frisky  -- Everyone 's favorite charmer , George Clooney , is suiting up to play a hired assassin trying to get out of the profession after one last assignment in "  The American . " The flick comes out in September and it 's about time that Clooney gave James Bond a run for his money ! He 's charismatic , cheeky , and looks fantastic in a suit how can you go wrong ? In honor of this new development , we 've rounded up the sexiest male spies of all time ! Cue the "  spy who shagged me " jokes . Clive Owen really steamed up the big screen with Julia Roberts in "  Duplicity " as rival spies engaging in espionage and foreplay . He also plays the best kind of spy , relying on his charisma and smarts instead of crazy gadgets . Matt Damon 's made a pretty fantastic spy as Jason Bourne in "  The Bourne Identity " and its sequels . As a government assassin afflicted with amnesia , Damon runs around trying to solve his identity crisis while the CIA tries to kill him . He makes the classic playboy spy stereotype seem crass with his boyish good looks and devotion to his lady love . The Frisky : Amanda Bynes is retiring at age 24 ! Other young starlets we 'd like to see throw in the towel It 's hard to pinpoint who the sexiest Bond was , but Pierce Brosnan did a good job of it in 1995 's "  Goldeneye . " Between the British accent and the sophisticated chivalry , it was easy to see why women were throwing themselves at him when they were supposed to be taking him out . Plus , Brosnan is just so ridiculously pretty . The Frisky : Kate Gosselin seeks her bodyguard 's approval before getting breast implants ? I 'd forgotten how dashing Harrison Ford was in his prime , but he really tugged at our heart strings in 1992 's "  Patriot Games . " As a retired CIA agent , Harrison was forced to take on one last mission when a political group tried to kill his family . When you combine spy with family man , it becomes even harder not to love him ! His character is irreverent and passionate and no offense to Chris Pine , who 'll be reprising the role in 2012 's "  Moscow " but Ford ca n't be easily replaced . The Frisky : Harrison Ford and Calista Flockhart finally wed ! Which celebrity couples waited the longest to tie the knot ? The only reason a lot of us watched "  Mr. and Mrs. Smith " was to see if the sparks between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were obvious . And they were indeed . As husband and wife rival spies , the two created amazing sexual tension which occasionally erupted in incredibly realistic ways . The Frisky : Do you remember your first kiss as well as these 10 celebs ? The most-famous James Bond , Sean Connery , really set the bar high in movies like 1967 's "  You Only Live Twice , " where Bond brought his spy skills to Japan to find a rocket that disappeared in orbit . He was young , fit , and with the Scottish accent , it 's no wonder that he slayed the ladies of Japan . In one of the best movies ever , "  Charade , " Cary Grant plays a name-changing government official who offers to help Audrey Hepburn find her dead husband 's fortune , which was stolen from the government during World War II . A phony CIA agent and cast of sketchy characters are convinced Hepburn 's character knows where the money is and wo n't let her rest until the mystery is solved . Bring on the Cold War spy shenanigans ! The Frisky : Insane behavior on "  The Real Housewives of New Jersey " -- has Bravo gone too far ? With all the Scientology business , it 's easy to forget that Tom Cruise was once a total heartthrob . But way back in 1996 , he was a pretty convincing spy in "  Mission : Impossible . " The gravity-defying acrobatics , black leather , and futuristic gadgets made Cruise a fantastic action star and we 'll have to see if he 's still got it in him when he plays a secret agent in "  Knight and Day , " which opens this week . The Frisky : Does a racy , fictionalized version of Anne Frank 's diary go too far ? In one of the first Bond movies women were equally anxious to see , Daniel Craig brought new elements to 007 in "  Casino Royale . " He was a bit scrappier than previous Bonds , but those sexy blue swim trunks made us forgive the rough edges . He manages to be a sensitive bad boy , falling for the wrong women and narrowly escaping his own death . We 're still swooning . TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	The most-famous James Bond , Sean Connery , really set the bar high Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig are just two of the sexiest male spies of all time It 's easy to forget that Tom Cruise was once a total heartthrob back in 1996
Say goodbye to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . In a few weeks , he will hand over the mantle of presidency to Hassan Rouhani , who stood victorious Saturday after Iran tallied all its votes in the national election . Rouhani , 65 , a cleric and moderate politician , who enjoyed reformist backing , took more than 50 % of the vote , according to the interior ministry . His nearest rival , Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf , the mayor of Tehran , garnered about 15 % of the vote . Three of the six candidates were much more conservative , and the Iranian public viewed Rouhani as a mild alternative going into the vote . Hassan Rouhani is Iran 's next president Hawk or dove ? Rouhani has a reputation for avoiding extreme positions and bridging differences , but he is no pushover . He has a long history of service in the country 's defense establishment . He is a former commander of the Iranian air defenses , a leader on three war and defense councils , and was national security adviser to the president for 13 years before Ahmadinejad took office . Rouhani is also a diplomatic and legal intellectual . He has three law degrees , including a doctorate from a university in Scotland , and as president of Iran 's strategic research center , he regularly publishes essays . He serves as managing editor for three quarterlies on scientific and strategic research , and foreign policy . He was also Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator from 2003 to 2005 -- during the presidency of Mohammad Khatami , who later became one of the leading figures in Iran 's rebellious "  Green Movement , " which erupted into street protests after the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in 2009 . Ahmadinejad 's government violently quashed the protests with the help of elements of a unit of the Revolutionary Guard , which answers to the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader . Rouhani has expressed support for the Green Movement . "  These were protests that were natural and popular , " he has said . "  They should have been addressed . " After Green supporters chanted for him at a rally , security forces arrested members of his campaign . Relationship with Khamenei Rouhani 's relationship with Khamenei has the potential to be complex . He has represented the supreme leader on Iran 's security council since 1989 . But he has purportedly also scrutinized him for being too rigid toward the international community , said Abbas Milani , who runs a research program on Iran at Stanford University . In a book about his experience as Iran 's nuclear negotiator during Khatami 's presidency , Rouhani criticizes Ayatollah Khamenei , according to Milani . "  If you read in between the lines , he places a lot of blame on Khamenei . He says in is his book , that if it was up to him , he and his team would have come up with a solution that would not lead up to Iran 's case being deferred to the U.N. -- saying ` we could have done this , and some people in Iran and some in the West torpedoed it , " Milani said . A televised presidential debate turned into an animated political clash , which touched on Iran 's nuclear program . Exchanges grew so heated that the candidates were later accused of having revealed national secrets during the debate . Rouhani was warned that he may be barred from running in the elections because of confidential material he revealed about Iran 's nuclear program during the two-hour-long debate . It was n't his first testy moment with Iran 's state-run media . He has openly accused it of censorship and publishing lies . Many believe Rouhani was not Khamenei 's favorite candidate . Saeed Jalili , Iran 's current chief nuclear negotiator , stands more in line with the supreme leader 's ultraconservative Islamist views than the moderate president-elect . But Khamenei has said he is not playing favorites and would not let on whom he voted for . And Khamenei and his Guardian Council had to approve all candidates before the race began . Out of 680 who applied to run , only eight were allowed to do so . Two later dropped out . Ultimately , the supreme leader approved Rouhani 's candidacy after rejecting the candidacy of a former president , Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani . Rafsanjani endorsed Rouhani during his campaign . Rouhani is a senior cleric and also a member of the Assembly of Experts , which is responsible for appointing or removing the supreme leader . As Khamenei ages and the appointment of a successor becomes necessary , Rouhani will likely have influence on the choice . Ahmadinejad contrast Though Ahmadinejad was touted as a hardliner when he entered office , since his re-election , conservative politicians close to the supreme leader have assailed him for being too liberal , and he has often been at odds with Khamenei . His domestic opponents have been subject to similar caustic accusations his Western foreign opponents have become accustomed to . Some of Ahmadinejad 's associates have faced heavy repression , and hardliners attempted to link the president to the largest embezzlement case in the country 's history . Ahmadinejad has hurled allegations of corruption back at them . Rouhani is more likely to at least speak more diplomatically to internal and external challengers . And unlike Ahmadinejad , when addressing United States politicians and citizens , he may not need a translator .	Hassan Rouhani holds a doctorate from a UK university He had a long career in Iran 's defense establishment A senior cleric , he was Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator and writes on diplomacy He has made comments in support of Iran 's rebellious Green Movement
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's brothers are working on a reunion tour to perform their old Jackson 5 songs , Jermaine Jackson said Monday . "  Michael would want us to continue on , " Jackson said , after he unveiled an exhibit of his brother 's wax statues at Madame Tussauds in Hollywood . Saturday marks the second anniversary of the pop icon 's sudden death , which the coroner ruled was from an overdose of a surgical anesthetic . "  The brothers now are ready just to keep the legacy going and the music , " Jackson said . "  We 're meeting today about putting a tour together just to play the music because it 's such wonderful music . We need to continue to play this music because it 's healing for us . " Jackson did not say which of his brothers were involved in the talks . Recent attempts to reunite the brothers on stage were met with frustration and division , including the effort documented by an A&E Network reality show in 2009 . Monday 's unveiling was a reunion of sorts for Michael Jackson . It featured wax figures depicting him as a child performing with the Jackson 5 , as the "  Smooth Criminal " from around 1987 and the "  This Is It " Michael Jackson of his last year . Jermaine Jackson said his favorite was the last statue because of how it captured his brother 's onstage posture . "  Someone was really paying a lot of attention to detail , " he said . The Michael Jackson exhibit is on a world tour , spending this summer in Hollywood before heading to Las Vegas in September .	Jermaine Jackson says the brothers are meeting Monday to plan a new tour "  Michael would want us to continue on , " he says Jackson was unveiling wax figures of Michael Jackson on tour at Madame Tussauds
LONDON , England  CNN  -- While the world wallows in recession , climate change activists continue to raise alarm bells about the future of the world . So celebrate Earth Day with these 10 simple tips on how to help the environment and save money : Earth Day on April 22 , 2009 aims to raise awareness on how to reverse dangerous environmental trends . 1 . Sharing is caring ! In the European Union , cars are said to be responsible for almost 15 percent of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming . So do your bit by joining a car pool , that will cut your travel bills and mean you can enjoy the company of other commuters , or try out an hourly car rental service like Zipcar . There are dozens of carpool Web sites around to help you find fellow commuters . 2 . Glide through the waves Turn off lights and devices when you leave a room and cut your electricity bill . Unplug your cell phone charger from the wall when not using it . Just because you can not see the electro-magnetic waves does not mean they are not frying your brain cells ! To date , no study has definitively been able to show the risks between electro-magnetic waves and major health problems . But Dr. Ronald B. Herberman , director of the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute , warned last year : "  We should n't wait for a definitive study to come out , but err on the side of being safe rather than sorry later . " 3 . A road to a  farmer 's  house is never long . Buy locally made products . Buying locally grown foods and goods does not just boost your local economy , but it also has a major impact on the environment . Reduced transport from trucks , boats and airplanes transporting goods can reduce carbon monoxide emissions by thousands of tons . 4 . In nature 's good books Who does not love the smell of weathered pages in age-old books ? Save money and the forests by visiting your local library instead of buying new books . 5 . Turn off the tap Congratulations for brushing your teeth for three minutes , twice a day , as per your dentist 's urging . But if you care about the environment as much as you do your pearly whites , turn the tap off while brushing to save water . Do you have other tips ? Tell us below in the Sound Off 6 . Good riddance to bad rubbish Go paperless . Read your favorite newspapers and magazines online . Publications are increasingly relying on advertising instead of subscriptions for revenue , meaning you can discover the latest buzz and even save some money . Also switch to electronic banking and credit card payments . It will save you time and energy . Ask your bank about how to register for online banking . If you really have to , print on both sides of the paper . 7 . Come hell or high water Be a wo/man and take "  navy showers ! " Turning the water off every time you soap and shampoo will save countless liters of water . According to the World Health Organization , water scarcity affects one in three people on every continent of the globe . The situation is getting worse as needs for water rise along with population growth , urbanization and increases in household and industrial uses . Watch earth day celebrations around the world 8 . Living vintage Vintage items are all the rage , so opt for used furniture when thinking about home improvements . 9 . Washing , the old-fashioned way To save water and energy and cut down on detergent entering the sewerage system , wait for a full load before using the dishwasher and washing machine . If you are hand washing the dishes or garments , try doing so in a plugged sink rather than under a running tap . 10 . Grassroots all the way Use organic cleaning products such as non-toxic vinegar and baking soda . These have been proven for centuries , and can clean almost everything in the house .	On Earth Day , we give you 10 tips for saving money and the environment Visiting your local library instead of buying new books Use organic cleaning products such as the non-toxic vinegar and baking soda
CNN  -- Once again , North Korea has violated an important international agreement by launching a long-range missile . And like many times before , there is not much Washington or anyone else can do about it . The brazen defiance of the North Korean regime is stunning . It 's a performance that carries a strong message for the West and regimes that are contemplating the possibility of starting nuclear programs of their own . It may be tempting to dismiss the importance of the launch since the rocket failed to go into orbit and disintegrated after liftoff . But North Korea succeeded in defying the world and managed to carry out an important test of its missile program . Those who are paying attention to the unfolding drama in the Korean Peninsula include the leaders of Iran and those trying to stop Iran 's nuclear ambition . Pyongyang 's decision comes at a time when the West is preparing for new talks with Iran . At the end of February , North Korea made an agreement with Washington to stop all missile tests and uranium enrichment in exchange for the United States to deliver 240,000 tons of food .  While the regime can not feed its people , the budget for new launching pads , rockets and a huge military has not run out . Now Pyongyang has broken its word . It is claiming that launching a satellite into space is not a military test , so it does not violate the international agreement ; rather , the event was meant to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of its founder and "  Eternal President , " Kim Il Sung . But that explanation persuades no one . The United States and its allies warned North Korea to stop the launch , saying plainly , "  Do n't do it . " President Barack Obama , in a thinly veiled message to Pyongyang and also to Tehran , warned that "  treaties are binding . Rules will be enforced . And violations will have consequences . " It 's not clear what those consequences might be . The U.S. says it will not deliver the food aid agreed to in February , but that further punishes a population living in misery . The true consequences of obtaining nuclear weapons , as North Korea has done , are becoming increasingly clear . The North Korean dictatorship may just be the most brutal regime on earth , imprisoning , starving and isolating its people . Despite its self-acknowledged "  responsibility to protect " victims of state power , the rest of the world tiptoes around the atrocities , afraid to provoke the unpredictable regime because it has a nuclear arsenal . What the latest missile launch may be is a propaganda campaign , a show of force to consolidate power by Kim Jong Un , who took power in December after the death of his father , Kim Jong Il . The Kims have ruled North Korea since its founding after World War II . Since North Korea tested its first nuclear weapon in 2006 , the country has become more of a threat to the region and the world . It has used extortion , manipulation and intimidation against its neighbors and against the United States . It has killed , kidnapped and terrorized those in neighboring countries . And it has become a provider of nuclear technology to dangerous regimes . In May 2010 , it fired a torpedo that sank a South Korean submarine , killing 46 sailors . South Korea , a strong ally of the United States , responded with a trade embargo . Six month later , the residents of the small South Korean island of Yeonpyeong fled in terror as the North fired 130 artillery shells . The attack killed no one but caused widespread panic . North Korea 's nuclear and missile tests have also put Japan on edge more than once . Today , Japan seems like it is preparing for war as it awaits the latest missile launch . And according to a leaked report from the United Nations , North Korea has become a supplier to the nuclear programs of Iran , Syria and Burma . In 2008 , videos of North Korean workers inside a mysterious plant in Syria added to suspicions and helped convince Israel that Syria was building a nuclear reactor to produce weapons-grade plutonium . The reactor was later destroyed by Israel . Because North Korea obtained nuclear weapons , its erratic behavior and appalling actions have become almost impossible to stop . That reality has come with a terrible cost to the suffering people of its people and with a price tag whose final tally in world peace is still unknown . For a country such as Iran , the impunity that has followed North Korea 's success on the nuclear pathway is an incentive not to give up its own nuclear program . For the rest of the world , it should serve as a reminder of how dangerous it would be to allow more nuclear weapons anywhere , but especially in the Middle East , the most unstable region on earth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	North Korea launched a long-range rocket that broke apart after liftoff Frida Ghitis : North Korea defied the world , and there is not much the U.S. can do She says the impunity of North Korea sets a dangerous example Ghitis : For countries such as Iran , there 's more incentive not to give up nuclear program
CNN  -- A Nevada man is accused of providing support to terrorism groups in India and Pakistan , authorities said Wednesday . Balwinder Singh , 39 , is charged with one count of conspiracy to murder , kidnap , and maim persons in a foreign country ; one count of conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists ; one count of making a false statement on an immigration document ; two counts of use of an immigration document procured by fraud ; and one count of unlawful production of an identification document . He was arrested in Reno on Tuesday . Singh is accused of belonging to two terrorist organizations -- Babbar Khalsa International  BKI  and Khalistan Zindabad Force  KZF  -- whose members seek to create an independent Sikh state in the Punjab region of India , read the indictment . "  After an extensive investigation , the FBI-led Joint Terrorism Task Force  JTTF  of Northern Nevada has disrupted an individual 's involvement in facilitation activities in support of a foreign terrorist organization , targeting an ally of the United States , " said FBI Special Agent in Charge Laura A. Bucheit . "  We will continue to work with our international partners to prevent acts of terrorism on U.S. soil or , as in this case , on that of an ally . " According to the indictment , Singh was a citizen of India and fled to the United States where he claimed asylum . He eventually obtained a permanent resident card . He is accused of using a false identity and obtaining false documents in the United States so that he could travel to India without being apprehended by authorities there . Singh sent money from the United States to co-conspirators in India , the indictment read . He is also accused of providing advice on how to carry out acts of terrorism and traveling to Pakistan , India and other countries to meet with co-conspirators . If convicted , Singh faces up to life in prison . He is scheduled to appear in court Friday .	NEW : He could face up to life in prison if convicted Balwinder Singh , 39 , was arrested in Reno on Tuesday He is charged with conspiracy to murder , kidnap , and maim persons in a foreign country Singh is accused of belonging to two terrorist organizations
CNN  -- United Nations inspectors are heading to Iran Sunday to visit a uranium mine in Yazd and a uranium-thickening plant in Ardakan , Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency reported . It 's the seventh such trip in recent months . The inspection comes as a May 15 deadline looms for Iran to meet international requirements regarding its nuclear program . Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency agreed in February on seven measures Tehran must take , as the United States , France , Russia , Germany , China , and the United Kingdom hope to broker a final agreement with Iran on May 13 in Vienna , Austria . Behrouz Kamalvandi , Iran 's atomic department spokesman , says his country has already taken six of those steps , Iran 's official news agency IRNA reported Sunday . Many countries and international entities have expressed concern about Iran using its nuclear program to built atomic weaponry . Iran has said it just wants to create nuclear power plants for civilian energy . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Reza Sayah contributed to this report	Iran anticipates U.N. nuclear inspectors Sunday night , Fars news agency reports New nuclear talks between Iran and 6 world powers set to begin May 13 Iran has a May 15 deadline to meet 7 agreed-upon nuclear requirements
The research engineer 's rising career seemed enviable . Shane Todd of Montana was working abroad in Singapore on the latest cell phone and radar technology , coveted by global corporations . Todd was found dead at age 31 , however , in his Singapore apartment last June , and his death has become an international controversy that involves local police , the FBI , an independent forensic analysis and , the parents allege , corporate intrigue found on their son 's hard drive . Singapore police have been investigating Todd 's death as a suicide by hanging . They refer to a pulley system around a toilet and over a door in Todd 's flat . His parents , however , say that 's absurd and they assert foul play . Shane Todd 's suicide note spoke of family events that never happened , they say . The family hired a Missouri forensic pathologist , who said photos of their son 's body and the Singaporean coroner 's report show a different story : homicide . In the wake of family 's revelations about the hard drive , Singapore police on Friday asked the FBI for assistance pertaining to evidence on U.S. soil . The hard drive ended up in the parents ' possession when they packed up their son 's apartment , and the mother had thought the device was a small speaker for a computer , she said . They later discovered it really was a hard drive , they said . Parents Mary and Rick Todd met with a U.S. State Department representative this week in Washington . The FBI , which earlier said it was watching the case , did n't immediately respond to a request for a comment on the Singapore police announcement . Eric Watnik , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Singapore , said the FBI will comply with the request . "  The request is focused on issues entirely within the United States , " he said . "  To be clear , the investigation into Shane 's death continues to be led by the Singaporean police . " Documents on the hard drive and its login activity suggest their son was working on a project that may have led to his death , his parents say . The circumstances of their son 's death have upended the couple 's life in Marion , Montana . "  I just fell to the floor and said it could n't be my first-born son . It could n't be , " said Mary Todd , mother of four boys , who learned of her eldest child 's death from his girlfriend . Rick Todd , an airline pilot whose wife told him of his son 's death right after he flew a long flight , said : "  I just , just screamed in the airport . " Shane Todd worked for the Institute of Microelectronics in Singapore from December 2010 until his resignation last May 2 , the government research institute said . He is believed to have died during the overnight hours of June 22 and June 23 , the family said . Though the institute said he was "  thought of highly by his supervisor and peers , " he disliked his job , his parents said . That 's another reason why his suicide note is suspicious , his parents said : It thanked his company . The note also spoke of his family drinking Shirley Temples on a beach -- an event that never occurred , they said . "  When I read the note I handed it back to the officer and I said my son may have killed himself , but he did not write this note , " Mary Todd said of meeting with authorities in Singapore last year . The couple also found no evidence of a pulley system : there were no pulleys or holes in the ceramic walls in the bathroom , Mary Todd said . Shane Todd 's apartment appeared as if he were about to return to the United States : clean clothes were folded and boxes packed . A plane ticket sat on the table . He also had a new job lined up , the family said . Holding a doctorate in electrical engineering , Shane Todd worked for his prominent employer , helping to develop faster , more powerful semiconductors by using the compound gallium nitride . In his last months , Todd expressed stress about his work and even fear for his life , his family said . He wondered if his work might be illegal or a risk to U.S. national security , his parents said . After his death , Todd 's parents found that his hard drive contained a proposal between the Singapore outfit and a prominent Chinese telecom firm , Huawei , to build a powerful amplifier using gallium nitride technology . The Todds showed the documents to CNN . Huawei has been at the center of controversy . It and another Chinese telecom company , ZTE , were cited last October by the U.S. House Intelligence Committee , which said the two firms "  can not be trusted to be free of foreign state influence and thus pose a security threat to the United States and to our systems . " That comment referred to the firms ' business practices , and the committee report said , "  the United States should view with suspicion the continued threat of the U.S. telecommunications market " by the Chinese companies . Huawei rejected the committee report , calling the findings "  baseless . " In reference to the proposal found on Todd 's hard drive , Huawei and the Institute of Microelectronics in Singapore insisted they had no such project or even a business relationship , though they acknowledged preliminary talks . Nothing became of those talks , they said . "  There is speculation by the Todd family that Shane 's death was related to a project undertaken by IME with Huawei . Neither IME nor Shane was involved in any classified research project , " IME said in a statement . "  The research and development carried out in IME is to advance economic growth for Singapore and deliver on healthcare and social benefits , " it said . IME is n't commenting further because Todd 's death is under police investigation . "  IME has cooperated fully with the authorities and will continue to do so , " the institute said . Huawei spokesman Scott Sykes said that gallium nitride , or GaN , technology improves power amplifier efficiency and is "  widely recognized as a key technology for next-generation wireless base stations . " "  IME approached Huawei on one occasion to cooperate with them in the GaN field , but we decided not to accept , and consequently do not have any cooperation with IME related to GaN , " Sykes said in a statement to CNN . The Singapore police have said they received "  no response " from the Todd family to share evidence , including the hard drive . "  If they were not comfortable handing evidence in their possession to the Singapore Police Force  SPF  , they could seek the FBI 's help to review the evidence , " a spokesman said . "  As there has so far been no response to this request , SPF has sought the FBI 's assistance to engage the family and for FBI to examine the evidence . " On February 20 , Singapore police told the Financial Times that they had already examined the hard drive . The couple , however , doubts that because the police description of the drive does n't match the one they found in their son 's apartment , they said . The drive shows someone accessing it for only three minutes the night their son died and then again four days later , right before the parents visited his apartment for the first time , the parents said . A forensic analysis of the drive shows someone reviewing , creating and deleting files during those two access events , the family said . That forensic analysis was conducted by a computer expert , the family said . Singapore officials have invited the Todds to a coroner 's inquest , scheduled to be held sometime this month . The parents are n't saying whether they would to return to Singapore . Meanwhile , Max Baucus  D-Montana  , chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , said his staff has met with U.S. Embassy and Singaporean officials in Singapore , and he has spoken with White House officials "  to ensure this issue on their radar , " a spokeswoman said . Rick Todd had pictures taken of his son 's body when it was returned to the United States . The photos show bruises on Shane Todd 's hands and a lump on his forehead , which the independent forensic pathologist said showed a fight , the parents said . The back of Shane Todd 's neck was cut , the family said . Shane Todd most likely was strangled by a wire , the pathologist told the family . Bruises also indicated that Shane Todd was trying to squeeze his hands under the wire , the family said . There was little fluid in his lungs ; hanging typically takes several minutes making the lungs heavy with fluid , the pathologist told the parents . "  It 's hard , " Rick Todd said . "  Every time I open those pictures , it 's difficult . "  But we will go to the ends of the Earth to see justice is done , " he said . Check out the latest news from CNN.com	Singapore police investigate engineer Shane Todd 's death as a suicide hanging But an independent forensic pathologist concludes homicide Todd 's hard drive shows he worked on a project that may have led to his death , family says FBI will comply with Singapore police 's request for help on U.S. soil , embassy says
CNN  -- A United Airlines flight was diverted to Toronto late Monday after the plane 's communication system began to malfunction , an airline official said . Flight 940 never lost contact with air traffic control , according to United spokesman Rahsaan Johnson . The extent of the problem with the communication system was n't immediately clear , but was bad enough the captain asked to divert , he said . The Boeing 777 was en route from Chicago to Frankfurt , Germany , with 255 passengers and crew aboard . It landed without incident at Pearson International Airport around 10 p.m. , according to Sgt. Peter Riemenschneider with Peel Regional Police . The passengers were being kept in a gate area while a plane is sent to Canada to retrieve them and take them back to Chicago , Johnson said late Monday . They will be put on another plane to Frankfurt sometime Tuesday . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : Passengers will be taken back to Chicago , an airline spokesman says The flight was en route from Chicago to Frankfurt , Germany Plane 's communication system began to malfunction , official says
A Florida teenager was sentenced Wednesday to a year in jail after he was convicted of four felonies linked to his impersonation last year of a physician assistant in a hospital emergency room . Matthew Scheidt , 18 , will then spend a year under house arrest , followed by eight years ' probation . Scheidt was convicted in August of two counts of practicing medicine without a license and two counts of impersonating a physician assistant at Osceola Regional Medical Center in August 2011 , when he was 17 . Scheidt told investigators that the ruse began when he went to the hospital to get a badge for his job as a clerk at a doctor 's office across the street . But someone botched the paperwork . "  Their error was putting me in apparently as a physician assistant into their computer , " Scheidt told investigators in August . "  Let 's even say that I said I was a physician assistant . Let 's even say that I was . Are you that stupid that you are just going to put me in the system as that , without any credentials or any paperwork or nothing ? " Prosecutors said Scheidt used the badge to work in the hospital emergency room for weeks , changing bandages , handling IVs and helping to conduct exams . After his arrest , Scheidt acknowledged having performed CPR on a patient suffering from a drug overdose , authorities told CNN affiliate WFTV . "  I felt so uncomfortable even doing that . And , you know , the only reason why I did do it was because there was nobody else in there . And I 'm not going to let her die , " Scheidt told investigators at the time , according to the television station . During his interrogation , Scheidt confessed and admitted he had made mistakes , WFTV reported . "  I messed up , " he said . "  I should have addressed the issue when it was given to me . I just did n't want any questions asked , like I just wanted to learn as much as I possibly could . " He was arrested in September 2011 and allowed to bond out . But in January , he was back in police custody . The charge : impersonating a police officer . A nursing supervisor at the hospital said no one was available to comment . Second Florida man charged with impersonation	Matthew Scheidt , 18 , will then spend a year under house arrest and 8 years ' probation He was convicted in August on four felonies The ruse began when a clerk 's error recorded him as physician assistant
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Kenya Smith only has good things to say about the U.S. Navy , where she served a total of 14 years before leaving in 2009 . It 's the only profession she 's ever known . "  I love the Navy , " she said during a recent interview in suburban Maryland . "  If you split me open , I 'm blue and gold . " Smith , a former lieutenant and medical service corps officer , first enlisted right after college but by the time she left had earned two master 's degrees , deployed to Iraq and racked up substantial experience in healthcare and administration -- experience she thought would impress potential civilian employers . "  I ran projects . I was an HR manager . I was a logistics manager , " she said . But despite all that , Smith now is unemployed -- two years after leaving the military . A single mother with two teenage children , she lost her home to foreclosure in September and is currently living in transitional housing . "  I 'm a female homeless vet with children , and I mean that , that 's horrible , that 's the worst , I think . You go from being self-supportive , having a great income to now serving your country , fighting for your country , and then you get out , and now I 'm homeless , all because I ca n't find a job . " Smith is not alone . In September , the unemployment rate for post-9 / 11 veterans was 11.7 % , higher than the national average of 9.1 % , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . For female veterans in particular , the number is even worse -- 14.7 % last month . It 's not entirely clear why the picture appears worse for female vets . Veterans advocates point to challenges like child care and dealing with a Veterans Affairs system -- and a civilian world -- still relatively unaccustomed to dealing with female combat veterans . "  A lot of people in this country do n't understand or appreciate that women are in combat , that women are even in the military in the scope that they are . So , 15 % of returning veterans are women , they are on the frontlines , they are getting shot at , they are leading tough missions , " Paul Rieckhoff , executive director of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , said . "  And they , too , need the same training and skills that their male counterparts do . " Skills like how to create a resume . "  I really did n't know how to do a resume . I never had to do one . So , that was a challenge , " Smith said . "  Also a challenge was taking all of my military experience and putting it in layman 's terms so a civilian employer could understand what I did . " Smith has since worked with professional resume writers , attended job fairs and sent out her resume dozens of times . But she 's gotten few call backs and only two interviews . One of them was at Macy 's . She did n't get that job and surmises it 's because she was overqualified -- perhaps , but she needed a job . "  There were not a lot of jobs , and jobs I was applying for I was actually overqualified for , which led of course to depression and all things that come along with , you know , being unemployed . It was difficult because when you live in a town that is not necessarily a military town , people do n't honor the fact that , yes , you were fighting for your country , and now here you are trying to fight for a job and fight to hold onto your house and all of that . " Smith said she left the Navy for health reasons , and while re-enlistment might be an option , she is not sure she would meet the enlistment requirements . In recent weeks , she has pursued a new tack : "  I want to take the advice of one person , who said , ` Apply up . Do n't apply for administrative assistant when you should really be applying for director or project manager or supervisor . ' " She remains hopeful . "  My faith gets me through a lot . I truly believe that God does n't take anything away without bringing you something better . So , my faith keeps me going . And my children , they 're very positive and upbeat , but not only that , they 're very understanding . They know this is temporary . I know this is just temporary , I know something will turn around , soon . I know it will . " But for sure , Smith is under pressure to find something soon . She and her kids must move out of their temporary housing in just two weeks , on November 11 -- Veterans Day . CNN 's Jonathan Helman contributed to this report .	Unemployment for female veterans is higher than the national average In September , the national unemployment rate was 9.1 % For female veterans , jobless rate was 14.7 % Former Navy officer Kenya Smith is one of those unemployed female veterans
CNN  A Pennsylvania community is pulling together to search for an eighth-grade student who has been missing since Wednesday . The search has drawn hundreds of volunteers on foot and online . The parents of Cayman Naib , 13 , have been communicating through the Facebook group "  Find Cayman " since a day after his disappearance , according to close friend David Binswanger . Newtown Police say Cayman was last seen wearing a gray down winter jacket , black ski pants and hiking boots . He could be in the Radnor-Wayne area , roughly 20 miles from Philadelphia , or may have purchased a train ticket to Philadelphia , according to an alert posted on Facebook . "  We think that he got a email from school and was upset by it and left as an impulsive act , " Farid Naib , Cayman 's father , wrote Thursday on the group page . "  We have spoken to his friends and they do not know where he is . Cayman does have his phone , we do n't know if he has any cash , he does not have his wallet . " The parents said that his phone was out of power at the time . "  Cayman left within 30 minutes after he received an email from school regarding overdue home work  we do not blame the school  and most probably did not do any pre planning ... He is a good kid , and has no substance abuse or other issues , this is the first time he has ever done anything like this , " his father and mother , Becky Naib , posted Friday . The parents wrote Saturday that Cayman was not wearing waterproof clothing and that he did not take his backpack . Binswanger said weather limited search efforts Wednesday , the night Cayman went missing . Wednesday it was rainy and Thursday there was 6-8 inches of snow . Hundreds of volunteers have stepped up to pass out fliers and to canvass areas , according to posts . A post late Saturday explained search efforts included "  advanced , geo-spacial tracking software to determine the exact locations where searchers went , " and added that the search would be taken to the skies Sunday with deployment of the Civil Air Patrol . In many posts , the families appealed directly to their son . "  Cayman , if you read this please know that you are forgiven for everything , and I mean everything , you have the ultimate free pass . Just come home , we are so worried about you " the family posted Saturday . A message to families from the head of The Shipley School , which Cayman attends , read in part : "  Cayman 's sister Savannah is in ninth grade at Shipley and his parents , Farid and Becky , are terrific people . They have contacted police and are aware that we are sending you this email . We hope that Cayman is ok and are saying our prayers . " CNN could not immediately get in touch with police or the FBI .	Cayman Naib , 13 , has n't been heard from since Wednesday Police , family , volunteers search for eighth-grader
Hillary Clinton cribbed a page from President Barack Obama 's playbook on Thursday by taking a swipe at Mitt Romney 's 2008 oped , "  Let Detroit Go Bankrupt . " At an event outside Detroit , where the former secretary of state endorsed Democrats Mark Schauer and Gary Peters , Clinton spoke glowingly of their support for the 2008 auto bailout that invested billions into the United States struggling auto industry . "  Now , they could take the safe way , they could line up with those saying ` Let Detroit go bankrupt , ' let manufacturing just wither away , " Clinton said to a chorus of boos . "  They could be on the side of those who were criticizing what they called government motors . " Though Clinton never mentioned Romney by name , the comment appeared to be directed at him , as well as Schauer 's and Peters ' Republican opponents . Romney unsuccessfully ran for president in 2012 and famously wrote on opinion-editorial for The New York Times in 2008 that urged letting the big three auto companies -- General Motors , Ford and Chrysler -- go into a structured bankruptcy . "  If General Motors , Ford and Chrysler get the bailout that their chief executives asked for yesterday , you can kiss the American automotive industry goodbye , " Romney wrote . "  It wo n't go overnight , but its demise will be virtually guaranteed . " Clinton voted in favor of the auto bailout when she returned to the Senate from her failed presidential campaign in 2008 . Romney 's editorial , though written years before , was a staple of the Obama attack against Romney in 2012 . The campaign used the recovery of the auto industry to label the former Massachusetts governor as out-of-touch . Obama would regularly say that he "  refused to let Detroit go bankrupt . " Clinton 's comments are particularly striking given the probability that she runs for president and the recent chatter that Romney will try to run for president for a third time . "  We 'll see what happens , " Romney told New York Times Magazine last month . His wife , Ann Romney , told CNN earlier today that she is still "  done " with the idea of another presidential bid , but adds "  you know , you never do say never . " Clinton used more of her speech to talk about the auto industry and the decision to approve a bailout . "  They , " Clinton said , referring to people who wanted the companies go into bankruptcy , "  were willing to walk away from the people of this state , the jobs , the auto industry , the future . " Later she added , "  There are some choices that define career and define what people are made out of . There are choices that shape your whole life . This was a choice that would change the future of an industry , a state and a nation . "	Hillary Clinton knocks those who wanted to "  Let Detroit go bankrupt " Clinton argued the decision would have "  let manufacturing just wither away " Mitt Romney famously wrote an oped titled "  Let Detroit go bankrupt " in 2008 The oped was used effectively against Romney during his failed 2012 presidential run
CNN  -- As violence again roils Iraq , the United Nations reported more than 65,000 people had fled conflict areas in the past week . The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said in a report that those Iraqis fled from the cities of Falluja and Ramadi in Iraq 's central Anbar province . More than 140,000 people have been made homeless since new fighting broke out at the end of 2013 , according to Iraq 's Ministry of Displacement and Migration . It is the largest displacement in Iraq since the sectarian violence of 2006-2008 . That figure adds to the 1.13 million people already internally displaced and mostly residing in Baghdad , Diyala and Ninewa provinces . Adrian Edwards , spokesman for the refugee agency , told reporters in Geneva that its staff and other people in Anbar had reported many civilians were unable to leave conflict-affected areas where food and fuel were in short supply . "  Most of the recently displaced remain outside Falluja city , accommodated by relatives or staying in schools , mosques and hospitals where resources are running low , " he said . "  Host families are having difficulties sustaining the burden of caring for the displaced . " More violence was recorded on Friday . Seven people were killed and nine others were hurt in separate incidents when Iraqi Army mortars landed in residential areas in Falluja , health officials there told CNN .	More than 65,000 have fled Falluja and Ramadi in past week This is on top of more than 1.1 million internally displaced persons More violence was recorded in Iraq Friday with seven reported killed
Former Taliban prisoner Bowe Bergdahl will meet Wednesday with an Army general leading the investigation into the sergeant 's disappearance five years ago , his lawyer said . Attorney Eugene Fidell would n't characterize the upcoming session as an interrogation . He called it an interview and said he assumed it would be "  people sitting around a conference table . " Bergdahl 's team spent Tuesday meeting and reviewing documents , some classified . "  I think tomorrow will be an interesting and productive day , " Fidell said . Bergdahl has met once before , briefly , with Maj. Gen. Kenneth Dahl , the point person for the Army 's investigation . After he disappeared in Afghanistan in June 2009 , the now 28-year-old soldier spent five years in the hands of Taliban militants . After he was released in May in exchange for five senior Taliban members held by the U.S. military , Bergdahl underwent counseling and medical care at a hospital in San Antonio , where he is back on regular duty at Fort Sam Houston . The news of Bergdahl 's freedom initially was met with jubilation , but the mood quickly turned as many called for an investigation into his disappearance and captivity . Some critics accused the soldier of deserting his comrades in war . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded he left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to an official who was briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent , something officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official recently told CNN . Bergdahl works at the headquarters of U.S. Army North in Texas . He is with a unit responsible for homeland defense , civil support operations and security cooperation programs involving countries such as Canada , Mexico and the Bahamas . He will eventually be given a position commensurate with his rank of sergeant , the Army said last month . Bergdahl was a private first class when he was captured , and the Army extended his enlistment and twice promoted him on schedule while he was in captivity . A grateful Bergdahl ` understands that his life has been saved , ' lawyer says	Bergdahl and Maj. Gen. Kenneth Dahl have met once before , briefly Many have called for investigation into Bergdahl 's 2009 disappearance , five-year captivity Bergdahl , 28 , is back on regular duty in San Antonio , Texas
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Chicken nuggets . Sandwiches . Pizza . Baseball games . Play-Doh . These are some of the basics of childhood that could prove deadly to my 4-year-old son , Teddy . Teddy took his first sip of milk in 2005 , triggering a strong allergic reaction as seen in this family photo . Teddy has food allergies that can cause anaphylaxis , a deadly condition that can cut off his breathing . He has to steer clear of milk , eggs , wheat , peanuts and tree nuts -- even places like baseball stadiums where peanut exposure ca n't be avoided . We found out about Teddy 's allergies partially through trial and error and then through allergy testing when he was 18 months old , and we did n't want any more missteps . Now our job is to try to prevent contact with those foods until he either outgrows them or he becomes old enough to police himself . Watch what we go through to protect Teddy " Our vigilance starts before food even enters the house . When we are in the grocery store , we have to read every label to see if the food contains something harmful . See tips about living with food allergies " We 'll get all the way through one of these and be thinking , "  hurray ! " and then see "  caramel coloring " and have to put it back . There 's still enough wiggle room in food labeling , apparently , to not have to list what 's in that -- often milk -- or what 's in "  natural flavoring . " Devil in the details And just because a food item was OK last week does n't mean the recipe has n't changed . And just because the package looks right does n't mean you 've picked up the right package . I was in a hurry when I picked up rice cheese in December , so I did n't carefully read the label . Teddy saw the cheese when I was unloading the groceries and asked for a slice -- and then another . Although the cheese looked like our regular vegan cheese without milk , it was an almost identical package that contained milk protein . Teddy ended up in a hospital emergency room with hives all over his arms , legs , tummy and back . His nose was running and he was drooly . He got a shot of epinephrine before he could develop breathing problems . It 's a harsh reminder that we can never let down our guard . Once we get food into the house , we try to label it . We have stickers , or we use markers to warn away from giving a particular product to Teddy . Labels are n't enough for baby sitters . We set out a bin of "  Teddy safe " snacks . School : Lots of cupcakes , no Play-Doh School is tough , too . The macaroni necklaces my 8-year-old daughter Catie once made for me in pre-K were charming . Who would think that something so simple could make another kid very sick ? There 's no Play-Doh . It can have wheat in it . Same for papier-mache . Teddy 's pre-K teachers are great -- they contact us for alternative suggestions when their lesson plans include food products . But it can be exhausting . Every month , it seems , there is another "  holiday " at school . And all seem to be connected to food celebrations . Every time other parents send food in , we have to worry about whether Teddy will be safe . I try to always be the "  cupcake mom , " because I can make cupcakes without milk , eggs or wheat that still taste good .  Even the teachers fight to get them .  When someone else brings cakes , I try to find out in advance so I can make a Teddy-safe alternative . If there is no warning , the school has a bin of Teddy-safe snacks . Challenges in the kitchen I try to cook mostly Teddy-safe food at home . The first reaction many people have to hearing of Teddy 's allergies is a dumbfounded , "  What does he eat ? " There are actually many foods that are OK for him : meats , vegetables , fruits and most grains . We just do n't often get the chance to use convenience foods . I have alternatives for meatloaf and tacos that work OK . But sometimes I just want to make pasta for the family . I know that I could just make rice pasta for everyone . But , frankly , it 's about three times the price and does n't taste as good . So I have to be careful . I ca n't use the same spoon to stir both . And even when I 'm draining the pasta , I have to remember that if I do n't drain the rice pasta first , I have to use two colanders . So I try to keep that straight . This is why it 's nearly impossible for us to get Teddy food at a restaurant . It 's very easy for a contaminated utensil to be used in the kitchen without us knowing . And that would be after getting the restaurant staff to show us labels from all food items . This month , we will be meeting with some staff members at Teddy 's new elementary school , where he 'll be entering kindergarten in August . When we start a new school or new situation , it 's always an anxious time . We 're going to talk with the school nurse and cafeteria manager about strategies to keep Teddy safe . Teddy will need a classroom as free from danger as possible , and that can be an issue . As soon as we talk about not having peanut products in his classroom , some people think we do n't want their kids to have peanut butter sandwiches for lunch . No , we just want peanut products eaten only in the cafeteria . In the lunchroom , Teddy can be watched so that if peanut butter touches him or milk is spilled on him , he will be decontaminated as quickly as possible . If milk touches Teddy , he gets hives -- he does n't even have to ingest it . This is a lot different from "  lactose intolerance , " which some people confuse with a milk allergy . Lactose intolerance produces gastric distress for someone . A milk allergy can be life-threatening . We 'll probably post signs the way we 've done at his day cares and preschool , showing him in reaction to an allergen and listing what action to take . Fears of budget cuts We 're hoping that the school nurse does n't fall victim to budget cuts , because that is our emotional safety net right now . We 're comforted by the thought of someone with anaphylaxis experience being close to Teddy . It 's all part of the constant vigilance , doing our best to keep him safe . If we 'd been handed a list of Teddy 's allergies when he was freshly born at the hospital , I think we 'd have been overwhelmed . But we found out a bit at a time , and we 've been dealing with it now for more than three years . Despite some bumps , Teddy 's been able to survive our stumbles and thrive .	Teddy , age 4 , has food allergies that , left untreated , can cut off his breathing 1 to 2 percent of children suffer from food allergies , according to experts Eating chicken , pizza , peanuts -- even going to baseball games -- can be deadly Teddy 's mom describes how this affects his lifestyle , at school and home
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives approved $ 600 million in emergency funding Tuesday to help secure the U.S.-Mexico border . The measure , which passed in a voice vote , still needs Senate approval before being signed into law by President Barack Obama . Senators passed a similar plan last week , but must vote again on the House measure that includes the language on border funding . A top aide to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Tuesday that the chamber could be recalled from its August recess to take up the House-approved measure . "  In light of the voice vote in the House , it is our hope that we can do this by consent by the end of the week , " said Reid 's spokesman , Jim Manley . "  The question is whether Republicans want to try and make this an issue or whether they will allow us to get it done quickly . " Manley said Reid was waiting for word from Senate Republicans on whether they would object to approval by unanimous consent , which could be done without the return of the entire chamber . Otherwise , Reid could still bring back the full Senate for a formal vote . A Republican leadership source said Tuesday night that Republicans were likely to go along with passing the measure by unanimous consent . Among other things , the bill provides for roughly 1,500 new law enforcement agents , new unmanned aerial vehicles , new forwarding operating bases and $ 14 million in new communications equipment . The measure has attracted strong Democratic and Republican support . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano praised the plan last week , saying it would "  add important , permanent resources to continue bolstering security on our Southwest border . " "  These assets are critical to bringing additional capabilities to crack down on transnational criminal organizations and reduce the illicit trafficking of people , drugs , currency and weapons , " she said . The bill is funded in part by imposing higher fees on personnel companies that bring foreign workers into the United States . CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report	NEW : Senate could return from recess this week to give final approval to the bill The House has approved a bipartisan measure to boost U.S.-Mexico border security The $ 600 million bill provides funding for 1,500 new law enforcement agents The bill also includes funding for unmanned aerial vehicles and communications equipment
CNN  -- What 's life like when your father is a billionaire , your mother is an actress , and your sexuality becomes an international headline ? Just ask Hong Kong businesswoman Gigi Chao , 34 , who says she "  did n't have time to be shocked " when her father , real estate tycoon Cecil Chao , discovered her lesbian marriage and then offered HK $ 1 billion  $ 128 million  to any male suitor in the world who could effectively turn his daughter straight . Overnight , Gigi 's phone was flooded with messages from suitors around the world -- attention she never wanted . "  There was n't really an opportunity to mope -- ` Oh , poor me , I got thrown out of the closet , ' " she says . "  There were all these factors out of my control . I thought , I have to be my own rock . " Two weeks ago , Chao defended her marriage with an open letter to her father , writing , "  You have no idea how happy I am with my life . " Her father dropped the dowry the next day . Her parents still refuse to welcome her lesbian partner . But by coming out , Gigi Chao has touched off a society-wide conversation about the difficulties facing lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender-identifying Hong Kongers as they try to find acceptance within their own families . "  It 's a belief that coming out as gay is a blatant disrespect for your parents , " says Chao , speaking about Chinese culture . "  But it 's not that way at all . Most gay people I know respect their parents very much . " Raised in a strict family , with a tycoon father who made her enter university at 16 and an actress mother who was a "  perfectionist " about her daughter 's appearance , Chao says she learned from an early age to hold back parts of herself , including her own emotions . Chao recalls an instance when , as a teenager , she brought her girlfriend to her house . "  My mom ... cried and screamed and banged her head against a wall and said , ' I will never accept this fact about you , and I 'll never accept it 'til the day I die . ' So I just sort of sat there in silence , and took it all in , " says Chao . "  The best way ... is to be grounded and logical about it -- ground yourself in reason , you have to be a combination of a good actor and a good lawyer at the same time , " says Chao . See who else has been on Talk Asia Chao says her family 's reaction was somewhat typical of the socially conservative Asian society . "  A lot of what Hong Kong is , is family ties and relationships in this tiny , small and overcrowded place , and there 's a lot of people who want to keep it that way , " she says . What 's frowned upon , she suggests , are "  troublemakers " and "  people who rock the boat . " But for some young LGBT Hong Kongers , Gigi Chao is exactly the kind of "  troublemaker " they need . "  When Gigi came out , it really hit home for me , " says Callie  not her real name  , a 21 year-old lesbian woman whose parents , like Gigi 's , are well-known Hong Kong celebrities . "  When my parents saw Gigi , they saw this person who is established , who has a really good career , is still living her life to the fullest -- and that made them realize that I can have that , too . "  Gigi definitely showed the LGBT community that there is hope , and we 're moving in the right direction . " For Callie and many others , Chao has become a "  symbol " of the city 's growing movement . Still , Chao says life may not be as easy for members of Hong Kong 's queer community who lack her celebrity status . "  A lot of people ... come from a life of hardship and inequality , not just because of their orientation but all sectors of life , all facets . And to add one more -- their sexual orientation being another disadvantage they have to face , that 's the part that makes it more difficult , and that 's what we want to confront . " Despite being thrust into the position of role model , Chao says she does not claim to be a "  leader " or an "  activist . " "  I am who I am , and I speak for myself and myself only , " she says . "  All that 's happened is I 've been given a voice , and people seem interested in what I have to say . " Watch the full interview with Gigi Chao on Talk Asia next week .	Lesbian Gigi Chao 's father offered $ 128m dowry for any man who married her Chao defended her lesbian partner in open letter to her father Chao says conservative Hong Kong society often rejects LGBT citizens Young , queer Hong Kongers see Chao as a role model , inspiration
CNN  -- What started as the Occupy Wall Street movement in New York in September has spread across major cities worldwide as a call to action against unequal distribution of wealth . Here is a roundup of some of the movement 's recent developments . NEW YORK Zuccotti Park wore a deserted look early Wednesday morning , a day after police in riot gear cleared out protesters and the state supreme court ruled that demonstrators could return -- but can not camp out . A smattering of people mingled in the park grounds under the watchful eyes of the New York Police Department , which maintained an overnight presence . The park , police said , is open 24 hours and people can pass through it or sit in it if they wish . But they are prohibited from sleeping there . For nearly two months , the Lower Manhattan property has been a home for the loosely defined group of protesters . The movement that began there spawned similar demonstrations in cities nationwide and around the world . DALLAS City attorneys will meet with representatives of Occupy Dallas Wednesday to consider next steps after a federal judge denied the group 's request to prevent its eviction from City Hall property . U.S. District Judge Jane Boyle 's decision meant City Hall was effectively free to forcibly evict the encampment members . But Mayor Mike Rawlings issued a statement saying no action would be taken until Wednesday . Early Wednesday morning , about 200 campers remained at the site , said protester Raymond Sanford . "  We 're in good spirits . Most of us believe the First Amendment gives us the right to be here since the Constitution supersedes local ordinances . So I and many others are not leaving here , no matter what , " Sanford told CNN . SEATTLE Police used pepper spray and arrested at least six people Tuesday night after confrontations with demonstrators who did not heed officers ' calls to clear city streets . The group marched from Seattle Central Community College to downtown Belltown , blocking traffic , CNN affiliate KCPQ said . Police told the protesters to get on the sidewalk . "  At one point , a 17-year-old female suspect swung a stick at an officer but failed to strike him , " a police statement said , according to KCPQ . "  As officers moved in to arrest the female suspect , the officers were hindered in their efforts . Officers deployed pepper spray to move subjects away from them so they could affect the arrest of the female suspect . " The protesters then staged a sit-in , blocking another intersection during rush hour . Police used pepper spray once again to disperse the demonstrators , CNN affiliate KING said . "  We condemn the outrageous behavior of the SPD in response to civil disobedience , a peaceful and time honored form of political protest , " Occupy Seattle said in a statement . It said that among those hurt were an 84-year-old woman , a priest and a pregnant woman . SAN FRANCISCO Thousands of students and protesters gathered on the UC Berkeley campus Tuesday for a day-long general strike involving teach-ins , marches and a general assembly where the Occupy Cal group opted again to put up tents in Sproul Plaza , CNN affiliate KGO reported . Last week , police tore down the tents and arrested 40 people . Tuesday afternoon , UC Berkeley 's chancellor said that some tents might be allowed as a form of political expression , the station said . TORONTO Protesters in Toronto won an injunction against a city eviction notice issued Tuesday , allowing them to stay in St. James Park . Judge David Brown granted the temporary stay , saying he needed more information before he could rule on the city 's plans to remove protesters , CNN affiliate CBC said . In Calgary , protesters have until Wednesday to clear out of Olympic Plaza , after police handed out eviction notices . And the City of Victoria has sought an injunction to remove tents from the camp at Centennial Square . The case has been adjourned until Thursday to give demonstrators more time to prepare , CBC said . LONDON London authorities served notice Wednesday asking protesters to clear tents and belongings off the road that runs beside St. Paul 's Cathedral . The activists have 24 hours to obey the notice . If they do not move their belongings , the City of London Corporation , which runs the financial district , says it will then start proceedings in the High Court . The Corporation had called a temporary halt to legal action two weeks ago while it pursued talks with the activists on how to limit the size of the camp and set an end date for the protest . But after those talks "  got nowhere , " the body now believes legal action is necessary to ensure roadway safety and meet the needs of local businesses , policy chairman Stuart Fraser said Tuesday . "  Sadly , now they have rejected a reasonable offer to let them stay until the New Year , it 's got to be the courts , " he said in a statement , referring to the protesters . Many of the tents set up by the Occupy activists around St Paul 's are on what the corporation designates as a public road . St. Paul 's suspended its own legal action against the activists after a number of senior cathedral figures resigned over the threat to evict them . St. Paul 's said Wednesday it recognized the authorities ' right to take action , and that cathedral staff would continue to meet regularly with the protesters .	Zuccotti Park wears a deserted look Dallas protesters meet with the city to consider next steps Police use pepper spray on protesters in Seattle Toronto protesters win an injunction against a city eviction notice
March 31 , 2015 Iran 's controversial nuclear program , U.S. oil production , and the wealth of American presidents are three topics covered this Tuesday on CNN Student News . We 're delivering a random fact about the height of a historic conqueror , and we 're examining what it takes for rescue dogs to locate avalanche victims . And we have a follow-up on a pair of eagles who are excellent parents . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama could reverse some of President Bush 's most controversial executive orders , including restrictions on embryonic stem cell research , shortly after taking office in January . President-elect Barack Obama may overturn many of the executive orders that President Bush implemented . Two other executive orders from Bush -- one dealing with a so-called "  gag " order on international aid organizations regarding abortion , the other with oil and gas drilling on federal lands -- also are receiving increased scrutiny . Obama 's transition team is reviewing hundreds of Bush 's executive orders , according to John Podesta , Obama 's transition co-chair . New presidents often use executive orders to put their stamp on Washington quickly . Unlike laws , which require months to complete and the consent of Congress , presidents can use their executive authority to order federal agencies to implement current policies . "  Much of what a president does , he really has to do with the Congress -- for example , budgeting , legislation on policy -- but executive actions are ones where the president can act alone , " said Martha Kumar of the White House Transition Project , a nonpartisan group established to help new presidential administrations . See what orders Lincoln , Franklin D. Roosevelt , other presidents issued " Obama is expected to use his executive authority to reverse Bush 's order limiting the types of embryonic stem cell research that can receive federal tax dollars . Advocates for those suffering from a host of diseases -- including diabetes , Parkinson 's disease and spinal cord injuries -- are eagerly awaiting the Bush-era restrictions to be lifted . "  We have every reason to believe -- if not on Day One , then in the very near future -- they will be issuing an order rescinding this policy , " said Amy Comstock Rick , president of the Coalition for the Advancement of Medical Research . Watch how Obama could reverse Bush " In August 2001 , Bush barred the National Institutes of Health from funding research on embryonic stem cells other than that using 60 cell lines existing when he signed the executive order . Researchers say the ban has limited their progress and want the opportunity to create new stem cells from human embryos . Many conservatives , however , object to the destruction of human embryos because they believe it ends a human life . On his campaign Web site , Obama said he supports the creation of new stem cells from embryos created for in vitro fertilization treatments that would otherwise be discarded . But White House spokeswoman Dana Perino on Monday suggested that the incoming Obama administration should consider keeping Bush 's policy in place . "  Unfortunately , the president 's position on stem cells has been misconstrued over the years , with the suggestion that President Bush put a ban on research for embryonic stem cell research . That is not true , " Perino said . "  The president made a very important choice after a lot of careful deliberation . " Watch Obama 's ambitious agenda " Other controversial Bush measures Obama is expected to overturn are related to abortion and family planning . U.S. State Department officials and family planning groups such as Planned Parenthood said they expect Obama to overturn the "  Mexico City " policy , first instituted by the Reagan administration . The policy prevents taxpayer dollars from funding groups that perform or promote abortions overseas . President Clinton dropped the order , but Bush re-implemented it and expanded the policy to ensure State Department funding does not go to family planning organizations that even counsel about abortion . An Obama administration also could overturn the Bush administration policy of banning funding to organizations such as the U.N. Population Fund that operate in countries that practice forced sterilization , including China , which adheres to the "  one child " policy . Podesta said his team also is reviewing Bush 's order that lifted restrictions on oil drilling on fragile federal lands in Utah . Environmental groups decried Bush 's decision when he opened the lands to exploration this month , and Podesta called the decision a "  mistake . " One set of executive orders that may take longer to overturn pertains to detainees at the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , military prison . Obama has said he wants to close the prison , but Denis McDonough , a senior adviser to the incoming Democrat , said Monday that no decisions have been made about what to do with the prison 's 255 inmates . "  There is no process in place to make that decision until his national security and legal teams are assembled , " McDonough said . Reversing Bush 's executive orders would be an immediate way for Obama to show that a new era has begun in Washington , said Jonathan Turley , a George Washington University law professor . "  Until President Obama gets rid of all these executive orders , he 'll be sharing his presidency with his predecessor , " Turley said . "  Now that 's a particularly obnoxious thought for an administration that was elected for change . " CNN 's Elise Labott , Edvige Jean-Francois , Jim Acosta and Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .	Reversing executive orders would allow Barack Obama to put stamp on presidency Obama vowed in campaign to lift President Bush 's restrictions on stem cell research Obama also may reverse oil drilling decision , "  gag order " on family planning groups Orders to close Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , military prison will take time , aide says
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A 32-year-old man was arrested and charged Friday in the beating of two New York Rangers fans outside a landmark restaurant after the Winter Classic hockey game on January 2 . Dennis Veteri , of Glassboro , New Jersey , is charged with aggravated and simple assault , conspiracy and recklessly endangering another person , according to the Philadelphia district attorney 's office . Veteri turned himself in after an arrest warrant was issued and was arraigned shortly after 2 a.m. , according to Philadelphia police . The brawl occurred outside Geno 's Steaks about an hour after the New York-Rangers Philadelphia Flyers game at the Wells Fargo Center . It was caught on video and posted on YouTube . Police are still looking for additional alleged assailants . The video showed two males in Rangers jerseys being punched and kicked by three males wearing Flyers jerseys . The assault left Neal Auricchio , an off-duty Woodbridge , New Jersey , police officer and Iraq war veteran , unconscious and requiring stitches . "  It is a vicious beating with the conclusion of a knockdown punch which knocks the police officer unconscious to the ground upon which he 's further assaulted on the ground , " said Capt. Laurence Nodiff . Veteri is out on $ 100,000 bail . He is scheduled to appear in court on January 31 . The district attorney 's office will appeal the bail amount in court next week and seek an increase , according to spokeswoman Tasha Jamerson .	NEW : DA seeking increase in bail Arrest made in brawl after hockey game Fans were wearing Rangers , Flyers jerseys Other suspects sought
BASEL , Switzerland -- Turkey suffered a blow when Emre Belozoglu was ruled out of Wednesday 's critical Group A clash against Euro 2008 co-hosts Switzerland after tearing a hamstring in training . Emre misses Turkey 's critical Group A clash against Switzerland after tearing a hamstring in training . "  Unfortunately , Emre is not going to play tomorrow , " said Turkey coach Fatih Terim ahead of the game at Basel 's St Jakob-Park Stadium . "  He had an MRI and results have shown that there 's an edema of two to three centimetres . "  Not having Emre is a problem for us because his role is not that simple to cover by another player . But then again Switzerland will not have their injured captain Alexander Frei . " Turkey will be sweating on the return of defensive duo Servet Cetin and Gokhan Zan , who will be given until the last minute to prove their fitness . "  They have both had a hard time but they are really devoted to the team , " said Terim . "  We will make a decision on whether they will play tomorrow . " Terim , whose side lost 2-0 against Portugal in their opening game , remains confident that his team can still qualify from the group stage . "  Everyone is aware of how important this game is , " he said . "  We are confident in ourselves and I believe we will succeed in this tournament . For us , the game against Portugal was n't the key but this one is . "  Of course , every team wants to begin a competition with a win but it did n't happen but that does n't mean that we ca n't do well . In Euro 2004 , we started with a defeat and then we did well . " Failure is not an option for Switzerland coach Kobi Kuhn , either . "  You never consider the possibility of a defeat , " he said . "  We are aware that if we lost tomorrow , then the tournament for us would be reduced to just one game , against Portugal . "  We have a young team that has a future but we are going to win tomorrow . " Kuhn , whose side lost 1-0 to the Czech Republic in their first encounter , knows his men will face tough opposition , though . "  Turkey are 12th in the world ranking and we are quite a bit away from there , " he said . "  But you can see that this is a strong team on its merits . We will have to fight hard to beat them . " The last time both teams met was in a qualifying play-off for the 2006 World Cup , when Switzerland prevailed on away goals . The game was , however , marred by violent incidents involving players from both sides following the final whistle although Kuhn believes any ill feeling has passed . "  This issue is almost three years old now and as in everyday life football evolves very quickly , " he said . "  This thing is over and done with . " Switzerland will have all their players available with the exception of Frei , who has been ruled out for the tournament having sustained a knee injury in his team 's opener . "  Frei can not play , " said Kuhn . "  But he is very important for us and he will remain with the team as he is such a big support for us . "	Midfielder Emre misses Turkey 's Group A tie against co-hosts Switzerland Turkey sweating on the return of defensive duo Servet Cetin and Gokhan Zan Swiss captain Alexander Frei ruled out of rest of tournament with knee injury
A promising way to stop a deadly disease , or an uncomfortable step toward what one leading ethicist called eugenics ? U.S. health officials are weighing whether to approve trials of a pioneering in vitro fertilization technique using DNA from three people in an attempt to prevent illnesses like muscular dystrophy and respiratory problems . The proposed treatment would allow a woman to have a baby without passing on diseases of the mitochondria , the "  powerhouses " that drive cells . The procedure is "  not without its risks , but it 's treating a disease , " medical ethicist Art Caplan told CNN 's "  New Day " on Wednesday . Preventing a disease that can be passed down for generations would be ethical "  as long as it proves to be safe , " he said . "  These little embryos , these are people born with a disease , they ca n't make power . You 're giving them a new battery . That 's a therapy . I think that 's a humane ethical thing to do , " said Caplan , the director of medical ethics at New York University 's Langone Medical Center . "  Where we get into the sticky part is , what if you get past transplanting batteries and start to say , ` While we 're at it , why do n't we make you taller , stronger , faster or smarter ? ' " But Susan Solomon , the director of the New York Stem Cell Foundation , said there are no changes to existing genes involved . "  There is no genetic engineering . It is n't a slippery slope . It 's a way to allow these families to have healthy children , " said Solomon , whose organization developed the technique along with Columbia University researchers . "  What we 're doing is , without at all changing the DNA of the mother , just allowing it to grow in an environment that is n't sick , " she added . A Food and Drug Administration advisory panel concluded two days of hearings into the procedure Wednesday . The panel discussed what controls might be used in trials , how a developing embryo might be monitored during those tests and who should oversee the trials , but no decisions were made at the end of the session . Mitochondrial disorders are inherited from the mother . In the procedure under discussion in Washington , genetic material from the nucleus of a mother 's egg or an embryo gets transferred to a donor egg or embryo that 's had its nuclear DNA removed . The real reason behind the multiples baby boom The new embryo will contain nuclear DNA from the intended father and mother , as well as healthy mitochondrial DNA from the donor embryo -- effectively creating a "  three-parent " baby . In June , Britain took a step toward becoming the first country to allow the technique . One in 6,500 babies in the United Kingdom is born with a mitochondrial disorder , which can lead to serious health issues such as heart and liver disease . Caplan said the same technology could be used to modify an embryo to "  making super babies , " a practice he said amounted to "  eugenics . " "  The big issue over the next 5 to 10 years is going to become how far do we go in pursuit of the perfect baby , " said Caplan . "  Do I think we 're going down that road ? Yes . Does it creep me out ? Yes . Are you going to be able to draw a clear line ? I do n't think so . " But Solomon said the procedure is closer to an expansion of in vitro fertilization , which has been available for nearly 40 years . "  It 's a complicated science , so people need to understand the particulars of the biology and not jump to calling it something it is n't , " she said . The last thing she would want , she said , "  is for the New York Stem Cell Foundation to be involved in anything like designer babies . " "  I have children and grandchildren , and I ca n't imagine anything worse . " Record number of women using IVF to get pregnant	A 3-person embryo could circumvent mitochondrial diseases The procedure is "  not without its risks , " says ethicist Art Caplan Genes are n't altered in the technique , says a stem cell expert
A week ago , President Barack Obama landed in China with a considerable political limp after this month 's midterm elections . But as the President left Australia following a G20 Summit in Brisbane , the narrative , at least overseas , spotlighted Obama with more of a spring in his step . "  This was a strong week for American leadership , " Obama said at a news conference at the conclusion of the summit on Sunday . The headline in the country 's "  Daily Mail " tabloid read "  Wham Bam , " below a picture of a confident-looking U.S. President . Obama 's trip to Asia began with a foreign policy bright spot -- the release of two American prisoners from North Korea . In China , the president unveiled a surprise climate deal with China . Stopping in Myanmar , Obama pointed to progress in democratic reforms in the Southeast Asian country . Arriving in Australia , there were ample opportunities to take some jabs at Russian President Vladimir Putin . As a result , Obama left for Washington , largely having avoided the mishaps that dogged his recent foreign travels -- save of course the blip of chewing gum in China . The result was a trip more focused on deliverables than distractions . "  If you ask me I 'd say that 's a pretty good week , " Obama said Sunday . "  I intend to build on that momentum when I return home tomorrow . " Challenges however were n't far behind Air Force One . Within hours after Obama 's departure from Australia , a new foreign policy test had emerged for his administration -- reports that an American aid worker , Peter Kassig , had been beheaded by ISIS . Related : Obama calls hostage 's beheading by ISIS ` pure evil ' Before leaving Australia , the President offered no apologies for Putin 's frosty reception in Brisbane . But he steered clear of the heated rhetoric used by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbot who scoffed that Putin was reliving the glories of the Soviet Union or Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper who ordered the Russian leader to "  get out of Ukraine . " Obama simply described his own interactions with the Russian leader as "  businesslike and blunt . " He indicated he is not considering any moves to ramp up U.S. sanctions on Moscow . "  The sanctions that we have in place are biting plenty good , " Obama insisted . The Kassig murder is likely to renew questions about the president 's approach for dealing with the terror group . At his news conference , the president was asked about statements made at a congressional hearing last week by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs , Martin Dempsey who held out the possibility he may recommend U.S. ground forces engage in combat in Iraq . "  There are always circumstances in which the United States might need to deploy US ground troops , " Obama told reporters . The president , who often chastises reporters for engaging in hypotheticals , offered one of his own . "  If we discovered that ISIL had gotten possession of a nuclear weapon and we had to run an operation to get it out of their hands , then yes you can anticipate that not only would Chairman Dempsey recommend me sending US ground troops to get that weapon out of their hands , but I would order it , " he added . For months , the president has repeatedly ruled out deploying combat troops into the battle against ISIS . "  I will not commit you , and the rest of our Armed Forces , to fighting another ground war in Iraq , " Obama assured soldiers at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida last September . Much of the president 's attention during his trip to Asia was devoted to his renewed ambition to confront the issue of climate change . Earlier in the week in Myanmar , the president brushed off the notion he should work with Republican leaders in Congress for a bipartisan approach to climate . "  I have responsibilities as president not just to current generations but to future generations , " Obama said . As temperatures in Brisbane soared into the triple digits during the G20 summit , Obama took note of Australia 's vast natural resources as he gently poked the country 's Prime Minister Tony Abbott , who is a key ally on issues ranging from ISIS to Ukraine but is also a climate change critic . "  The incredible natural glory of the Great Barrier Reef is threatened , " Obama warned . "  No nation is immune , and every nation has a responsibility to do its part , " Obama said . After an unexpectedly eventful week overseas , Obama will likely plunge back into a series of showdowns with congressional Republicans , beginning with the fight over the president 's upcoming executive action on immigration . Related : Defiant Obama says he wo n't bend to GOP Still , the more assertive White House attitude , driven by a President undeterred by his midterm defeat is drawing cheers from Democratic supporters . "  Since the midterms , POTUS has taken the lead on net neutrality , climate change and now immigration . I like THIS Obama . Give em hell , " liberal talk show host Bill Press tweeted about the president 's new unapologetic tone . But Obama joked about his diminished political standing back home , when he was asked at a youth town hall what he would do as president of Myanmar . "  You 're always popular in somebody else 's country . When you 're in your own country , everybody is complaining , " the President said .	President Barack Obama just wrapped a week-long trip in Australia and Asia Obama was coming off a bruising midterm election for his party Obama spent the week focusing on deliverables in China and Myanmar Obama described his interactions with Vladimir Putin as "  businesslike and blunt "
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- Francois Ponchaud was a newly ordained Catholic priest when he arrived in Cambodia in 1965 from a small village in France . Francois Ponchaud said refugees ' accounts of the genocide "  went beyond my wildest imagination . " He was sent to do missionary work . But within a decade he would become a crusader against the worst genocide since the Holocaust . "  I was staying by the Cambodian people 's side , " Ponchaud said , "  through the good and the sadness and the suffering . " When he arrived at age 26 , Cambodia was a peaceful place : a bucolic land of villages , peasants , rice paddies and Buddhist monks . Ponchaud studied Cambodian history and Buddhism , became fluent in Khmer , made friends and immersed himself in the culture -- falling in love with the country and its people . But the peacefulness was short-lived . By 1970 , Cambodia was descending into chaos as the Vietnam War spilled across its borders . In the countryside , the Americans were carpet-bombing Vietcong outposts . In the capital , Phnom Penh , Washington was propping up a corrupt government . From the jungles , a sinister and brutal communist rebel group called the Khmer Rouge was fighting to overthrow Cambodia 's U.S.-backed regime . On April 17 , 1975 , Phnom Penh fell to the Khmer Rouge . They began to reinvent Cambodia according to an insane blueprint . They emptied the cities , including some 3 million in the capital , forcing all the residents into the countryside -- and toward a dark future . "  As of noon , all the people started leaving , " Ponchaud said . "  Then I saw all my friends who were leaving . ... There were hundreds of thousands of people who were trudging along a few kilometers an hour . It was truly a staggering sight . Incredible . " Watch Ponchaud describe the exodus from Phnom Penh " Ponchaud was told to stay at the French Embassy , where thousands fleeing Phnom Penh desperately sought asylum . One of the few foreigners able to communicate with the Khmer Rouge , he spent days at the embassy gate , trying to negotiate . Watch Ponchaud discuss the significance of the embassy gate " In the weeks that followed , the Khmer Rouge let him leave the embassy twice . Both times he searched for clues about what was happening in the country . But Phnom Penh was empty . Read a reporter 's notebook of his journey through Cambodia 's killing fields " Ponchaud was expelled from the city in the last evacuating convoy , as the Khmer Rouge forced all foreigners onto trucks and out of the country . At the border , Ponchaud broke down , weeping . "  It was as though we had gone mad , " he said . "  We were getting out of a country of the living dead . " With the country sealed , the Khmer Rouge went about creating their new Cambodia -- and the killing began in earnest . The Khmer Rouge envisioned a return to Cambodia 's medieval greatness -- a "  pure " nation full of noble peasant farmers . For that , though , they had to purge everyone else : the rich , the religious , the educated , anyone from a different ethnic group . "  All those who were opposed to the government were killed , " Ponchaud said . "  And all those who did n't work quite hard enough were killed . " Hundreds of thousands were worked -- or starved -- to death . "  Perhaps a good chunk -- a solid half -- died from sickness and lack of health care , " he said . By September 1975 , Ponchaud was back in France and ready to resume his work . His missionary society in Paris asked him to keep track of events in Cambodia . He quickly became the "  go-to " person for Cambodian refugees arriving from Thailand , and he began documenting their stories . At first , Ponchaud had a hard time believing the accounts of execution , torture , deportation , forced labor and starvation . Read how a Khmer Rouge survivor is documenting the genocide "  They were burning villages ... sending people into the forest without giving them anything to eat , " Ponchaud said . "  It went beyond my wildest imagination . " Horrified , Ponchaud devised a plan to gather more information : A friend living on the Cambodian border would record and send him broadcasts from Radio Phnom Penh -- the official voice of the Khmer Rouge -- in which the government described its transformation of the country . Read a former Khmer Rouge member 's account of the killings Ponchaud found that the broadcasts substantiated the refugees ' claims . As unbelievable as those claims were , the broadcasts told of the same policies . What the refugees were saying was true . "  I decoded the radio -- the official declarations . And then the refugees would give me the ` experienced ' side . It matched up , " he said . "  On one hand , the ideology , and on the other , the lived experience . " Watch Ponchaud describe how he was able to decode the Khmer Rouge ideology " For months , Ponchaud gathered and documented information , repeatedly denouncing the Khmer Rouge . His testimonials appeared in the French press as early as October 1975 . He also wrote to the president of France and Amnesty International , and appeared before the U.N. Commission on Human Rights . Watch Ponchaud discuss his efforts to alert people to the genocide " In 1976 , angered by inaccuracies in Le Monde 's reporting on the Khmer Rouge , Ponchaud fired off a letter to the newspaper 's editor -- along with a dossier of refugee accounts and radio transmissions . He was contacted immediately and asked to write for the newspaper . His articles were published in February 1976 . Watch Ponchaud tell the Le Monde story " Though few accounts of Cambodia 's nightmare were appearing in the press , the U.S. government was receiving frequent briefings about what was happening there . In a meeting in November 1975 , then-Secretary of State Henry Kissinger acknowledged the brutality of the Khmer Rouge . But he also knew that they shared an enemy with the U.S. -- Vietnam . "  Tell the Cambodians that we will be friends with them , " Kissinger told an official in the region , according to a declassified State Department account . The Khmer Rouge "  are murderous thugs , " he said , "  but we wo n't let that stand in our way . " Read Kissinger 's words in the declassified State Department document  pdf By 1977 , the Khmer Rouge had been in power for two years , and much of the world remained unaware or uninterested . Many who did hear accounts of Khmer Rouge brutality found them hard to believe . Even prominent liberals and intellectuals doubted that a supposedly egalitarian peasant movement would perpetrate such horrors on their own people . Ponchaud then published a startling book called "  Year Zero . " It was one of the first to expose the brutal totalitarian regime of the Khmer Rouge to the world . Still , no help came for Cambodia . "  I was pretty frustrated , " he said . "  The governments did not react . You know , countries do n't defend human rights . They are always subservient to politics . " In January 1977 , the inauguration of President Jimmy Carter promised a change . Carter vowed to put human rights at the center of U.S. foreign policy . But it would take 15 months for him to publicly condemn the Khmer Rouge as the world 's "  worst violator of human rights . " Even then he took no action to stop the slaughter . Invasion , he said , was not an option for a country still recovering from the Vietnam War . Instead , in December 1978 , Vietnam invaded Cambodia after years of cross-border skirmishes . The Vietnamese quickly overthrew the Khmer Rouge , who fled back into the jungle . The world would finally start to see that all Ponchaud had said was true . More than 2 million Cambodians were dead . The scope of the catastrophe quickly became clear . In the fall of 1979 , Carter responded , raising $ 32 million to help the refugees . Today , Ponchaud is back in Cambodia , continuing his efforts for the Cambodian people , building schools , holding Mass and working on local projects . Often referred to as "  the friend of the Cambodians , " he is considered an expert on the country . But this time he has no illusions . "  No one defends human rights , " he said . "  Governments are cold beasts looking out for their own interests . "	Francois Ponchaud was sent to do missionary work in Cambodia in 1965 A priest , he became a crusader against the worst genocide since the Holocaust Ponchaud kept a dossier of refugee accounts and radio transmissions His articles and book helped expose the Khmer Rouge 's brutal totalitarian regime
CNN  -- Kia Horton was thin as a little girl . "  Like fit your fingers around  my  ankles skinny , " she recalls . But at 5 , she says , she became a victim of sexual abuse , triggering more than a decade of poor eating habits . By the time she started eighth grade , she was borderline obese . At 15 , Horton weighed almost 200 pounds . Her father allowed her to sign up for a diet meal delivery service . She lost 30 pounds on the program , but she says , "  I hated the food , and the program was not sustainable because eating their food was the only key to success . " She gained back the 30 pounds and then some . By the time she graduated college , she weighed 260 pounds . "  I immediately joined a gym and hired a personal trainer , " Horton says . "  This also proved to be futile because I was not ready to change my eating habits . " She lost no weight working out with the trainer . "  I quit ! " she remembers thinking . Her bad eating habits continued , and in 2006 , at 31 , the Chicagoan topped out at her heaviest weight of 319 pounds . Horton is 5 feet 4 inches ; her body mass index at the time was 54.8 , which is considered morbidly obese . "  Every night for dinner I would stop and get two Happy Meals from McDonald 's , " she says . She did n't have kids at the time , but Horton acted like she was ordering the meals for her children . She did n't want anyone to realize she was eating both kids ' meals by herself . Everything felt out of control , Horton says . She did n't have a great relationship with her mother , she did n't feel valued at her job , and some of her personal relationships were in disarray . For weeks at a time , she would n't interact with family or friends outside of her co-workers . She continued to allow food to be her comfort . "  Food was the only thing that was good , " she remembers . "  It did n't talk back . " She knew starting a weight loss journey would be useless if she did n't address the issues that led her to gain the weight in the first place . "  There was so much going on in every aspect of my life , " says Horton , now 38 . "  I would have lasted on a diet for a week . " Making progress At her heaviest weight , in 2007 , Horton got engaged . She knew she wanted to look amazing in her wedding gown . But she often wondered , "  How can I possibly look good in a wedding dress at 300 pounds ? " Horton had begun attending therapy sessions in her early 30s to work through the early childhood abuse and other personal issues . Now she felt she was ready to consider weight-loss surgery . Horton had the Lap-Band procedure done in March 2006 . Doctors placed an adjustable band around her stomach , restricting its capacity , which limited the amount of food she could consume . She was supposed to have the band tightened every three months to continue losing weight . But shortly after the procedure , Horton became pregnant with her first child . She was ecstatic . But after learning of her pregnancy , doctors told her they would n't be able to adjust the band during her pregnancy or if she breast-fed . Horton had lost 50 pounds by the time her daughter , Asha , was born in February 2007 , but she has n't had the band adjusted since . She married a few months later and became pregnant again . But five months into her pregnancy , she lost the baby . Stress from the miscarriage and other personal problems caused Horton and her husband , Otto , to split shortly after saying their vows . All of a sudden , she was a single mom . She began eating again to deal with her pain . Two years later , Horton and Otto reconciled . He moved back home , and they had a son in 2010 . By then , she was back up to 300 pounds . ` You have such a pretty face ' Out with her girlfriends for dinner in January 2012 , Horton began chatting with a stranger who was extremely fit and a bit of a health buff . "  You have such a pretty face , " he said . "  Have you ever thought about losing weight ? " Usually , Horton would have been offended by such a question . But she realized he did n't know about her past weight-loss struggles and began to mull over the question he 'd posed . The next week , Horton put a call out to her Facebook friends , saying she wanted a friend to join Weight Watchers with her . She began the program on January 17 , 2012 , and she has n't looked back . The first week , Horton lost four pounds . "  I almost jumped off the scale ! " she says . "  I could n't believe it . " It was just the push she needed to continue . By March 6 , she was down 25 pounds . Lifestyle changes and support Horton follows the guidelines of the Weight Watchers plan by counting points and taking accountability for everything she puts in her body . She has oatmeal almost every morning for breakfast . For dinner , she sticks to protein and plenty of vegetables . But at lunch , she says , she eats out every single day . Her strategy ? "  I literally check out every item on the food menus in my local area , and I make conscious choices and good decisions on what I am putting in my body . " She also incorporated exercise into her routine . "  I have never been very patient , so I knew in order to stick with this I was going to need to see results fast . " She began to do Zumba with her husband and kids on their Wii game console . She started walking the trail around her neighborhood , then running . By July 2012 , with her new active lifestyle , she was down to 225 pounds . Today , Horton has reached her goal weight of 142 pounds and , to be honest , she does n't know what 's next . She 's thinking of dealing with some of the excess skin that she has from the weight loss , but other than that , she says she 's comfortable with her weight and body . She 's lost a total of 177 pounds from her highest weight and says she feels like "  a totally different person . " Horton credits her husband with some of her success , saying he 's been supportive since Day One of her weight-loss journey . She appreciates that he 's never tried to change her eating habits or derail her plan , even though the couple find it costs more to eat healthy . "  I eat about a pound or two pounds of grapes per day . It 's an expensive habit , " she says , laughing . "  He has n't divorced me for driving us to financial ruin because of my grape habit . " She 'll also soon start work as a part-time receptionist for the Weight Watchers in her neighborhood . She says she 's excited to help others and considers herself the first line of offense : The receptionist is the person a potential Weight Watcher speaks to about their trials and triumphs when they check in . Plus , it will help her stay accountable because anyone who works for Weight Watchers must stay at their goal weight . "  The best advice I can give to people is to face their whole life down , " she says . Horton says she believes weight gain is a symptom of other issues . "  You ca n't take control over just one aspect of your life ; you have to take control over everything . Once you do that , then your journey can begin . " Do you have a weight-loss success story ? Share it on iReport	Kia Horton , 38 , went from 319 pounds to 142 pounds Horton runs and does a morning workout daily She recently started working for Weight Watchers as a receptionist Do you have a weight loss success story ? Share it with CNN iReport
CLEARWATER , Florida  CNN  -- One of four missing boaters was found Monday clinging to an overturned fishing vessel off Florida 's Gulf Coast , and the search for the other three , including two NFL players , has narrowed , the Coast Guard said . Nick Schuyler clings to an overturned boat in this Coast Guard photo . "  We now know we are looking for persons in the water , not a boat , " said Coast Guard Capt. Tim Close . Nick Schuyler , a former University of South Florida football player , was the only person still with the small fishing boat when a Coast Guard cutter came across it about 50 miles west of Clearwater Beach on Monday , the Coast Guard said . Still missing Monday afternoon were Oakland Raiders linebacker Marquis Cooper ; NFL free agent Corey Smith , who played for the Detroit Lions for the past three seasons ; and former University of South Florida football player William Bleakley . Schuyler told his rescuers that the boat was anchored Saturday evening when it was overturned by waves during a storm , Close said . He told them that all four men were clinging to the boat for a time , but became separated , Close said . The four men embarked in a 21-foot single-engine boat from the Seminole Boat Ramp near Clearwater Pass about 6:30 a.m. Saturday , the Coast Guard said . The search was launched early Sunday after friends and relatives realized they had not returned from their fishing trip . Schuyler appeared to be conscious and talking in video showing him being removed from a Coast Guard helicopter Monday afternoon . Watch Schuyler being moved on stretcher " Although he was initially able to answer a few questions to help with the search for the three missing men , officials decided to wait until he was treated for hypothermia before talking with him again , Coast Guard Petty Officer Robert Simpson said . See photos of rescue " Schuyler 's parents , Marcia and Stu Schuyler , told reporters in Florida on Monday they were ecstatic that their son had been found alive . But Stu Schuyler said his "  heart is still out " for the three missing men . "  We 're not going to talk too much until we find these guys . We 're all praying for them , " Stu Schuyler said . The Air Force Reserve sent a C-130 airplane and a Pave Hawk helicopter to assist the Coast Guard 's search , which also included several other helicopters and airplanes . Three Coast Guard cutters were also on the water , Close said . Rough seas and high winds that hampered the search Sunday continued Monday . The Coast Guard reported winds of 15 to 20 knots and waves up to 9 feet in the search area Monday . "  It feels like my greatest fear coming true -- it does n't feel real , " Cooper 's wife , Rebekah , told CNN affiliate WTSP-TV in Tampa on Sunday . "  I 'm just waiting for a phone call . " Watch relatives , friends express concern for missing boaters " Cooper said she became worried Saturday night when she did n't hear from her husband . She called her husband 's fishing buddy , Brian Miller , who contacted the Coast Guard with the coordinates of where the men planned to fish . "  Usually I 'm on the boat . It 's a little difficult wondering if something would have been different if I had been there , " Miller said . He said it was clear something was wrong when Cooper did n't call Saturday night . "  He should 've been within range to use his cell phone , and he knows enough to shut it off when he goes out so the batteries are still there , " he said . Rebekah Cooper said her husband was aware of Sunday 's weather forecast and for that reason picked Saturday for the trip . "  Fishing is his first love , it always has been , " she said , adding , "  I have a lot of faith in him out there . " Cooper 's father said he learned of the situation Sunday morning from Rebekah . His son "  routinely stays out on the water 12 to 14 hours , " Bruce Cooper , a sports anchor for CNN affiliate KPNX-TV in Phoenix , Arizona , said in a statement . He called his son an "  avid fisherman . " "  He goes deep-sea fishing any opportunity he gets , " Cooper said in the statement . "  Two years ago , I went deep-sea fishing with him . I swore I would never do so again ; I did n't like the fact that I could n't see land . Needless to say , I am very concerned . I am praying and hoping for the best . " Smith and Cooper were teammates with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers for part of the 2004 season , when Cooper was a rookie , according to the NFL 's Web site . Smith , who entered the league with Tampa Bay in 2002 , went on to play for the Washington Redskins before moving to the Lions for the 2006 season . Cooper has played for six teams in his five-season career . Cooper played college football at the University of Washington . Smith played at North Carolina State University . Bleakley lettered from 2004 to 2006 as a tight end for the University of South Florida , according to a spokesman for the university 's athletics department . Schuyler was a walk-on defensive end for the school in 2006 , but he never played in a game , the spokesman said . Schuyler 's father told reporters Sunday that the four men knew each other from working out at a gym , and that his son had accompanied Cooper and Smith on a fishing trip last week that lasted 15 hours .	Search for missing men narrows after one found clinging to overturned boat Man rescued off Florida coast identified as Nick Schuyler Schuyler said boat flipped over Saturday during a storm , Coast Guard said NFL 's Corey Smith and Marquis Cooper and a third man remain missing
Bronx , New York  CNN  It started with a challenge Adam Green accepted almost 20 years ago . During a semester off from college , he was volunteering at a middle school in East Harlem . "  The teacher there said he 'd had this dream to build a boat with his kids , but had never had the time to do it , " Green said . "  He  wondered if I wanted to take on the job . " Green , who grew up in New York , knew nothing about building boats . But , armed with a set of plans and a bunch of salvaged wood , he and a group of students set out determined to build one . Eight months later , they had constructed a rowboat . When they put it to the test in the school 's pool , their 8-foot dinghy floated . "  It was just the most magical thing , " Green said . "  Creating something that 's not just real , but actually works and can get you somewhere ... was thrilling for me and for the kids . " The experience had such a profound impact , Green was inspired to use the same concept to help other young people in need . Today , his nonprofit , Rocking the Boat , empowers youth from the South Bronx to work together and build wooden boats from scratch . They use them to row and sail and do river restoration . "  Our work is really all about using boats to build kids , " said Green , 41 . "  We want to give kids a chance to create something of themselves and then be able to go off and succeed out in the rest of the world . " A river in the Bronx ? Many Rocking the Boat students live in or near Hunts Point , one of the roughest areas of the South Bronx . According to the New York State Education Department , only about 42 % of students in the Hunts Point area graduate high school . Of those students , only 12 % are prepared for college . "  It 's a really , really challenging place to live , " Green said . "  Dangerous streets , crime , drugs , prostitution . All these things are swirling around our kids . They 're walking through it every day . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes Amid the area 's scrap metal yards and industrial warehouses , the organization 's brightly lit workshop and spacious backyard give students a different reality to walk into . Its location also provides easy access to the Bronx River -- something many people in the community never knew existed . "  The Bronx River is really one of the most hidden gems of New York City , " Green said . "  It has tons of birds and fish and all kinds of native plant life . ... It 's this quiet , protected , calm place where young people can grow . " Students learn boating skills and conduct research on the river . They monitor local wildlife , measure bacteria levels and grow oysters and seaweed that help filter bacteria out of the water . "  It provides a platform for them to really make an impact and care about something , " Green said . "  They can have a great time on the river , but also  have  a chance to change it and to make it better . " The group also brings the community together on the river , offering free rowing to the public on Saturdays through the summer . A lifetime membership Rocking the Boat serves more than 3,000 people a year through its broad community programs . Beginning in ninth grade , students can apply for the group 's core youth programs , which offer opportunities over multiple years . Working in the shop or on the water , participants learn to use all kinds of tools and sharpen their math and science skills . They set goals , build self-confidence and develop leadership , communication and problem-solving abilities . "  This is a real way to connect to kids and give them a sense of purpose and value and a reason for learning , " Green said . Students also receive comprehensive support from a social worker to address issues , learn life skills , finish high school and apply to college or trade school . Alumni continue to receive support through college ; a number of them are hired as program assistants . This year , Green said , all 12 seniors in the program graduated high school and are headed to college . Alyssa Colon is one of them . She joined Rocking the Boat three years ago when she was seeking an artistic outlet . "  I really had a bad attitude about high school . I did n't like going , " she said . The 18-year-old now credits the program with her acceptance to the Rhode Island School of Design , which she will attend this fall . "  The program has taught me that I can take on any challenge . I 've applied so many of the skills that I learned here , " she said . "  If I was n't part of this , I do n't know where I would be . " Green said he is inspired every day knowing his efforts are helping students like Colon tap into their potential . "  They can really go anywhere and do anything . They 've already got what it takes , " he said . "  They just need to put it to work . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Rocking the Boat website at www.rockingtheboat.org and see how to help .	Through Adam Green 's nonprofit , South Bronx youths build boats from scratch Rocking the Boat allows them to develop self-confidence and communication skills It also allows the students to explore the Bronx River , which boasts wildlife like fish and birds Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2014 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- It starts with a squiggle on an abandoned building , then another , and another , until the once-blank wall is transformed into a mural . A tag from the author marks the final touch . Eventually , this makeshift canvas will be wiped clean , restored to a mundane white wall , so the process can begin again . It 's the nature of street art : spontaneous , public , fleeting . Inspired by graffiti 's transient nature , Peter Ferrari said he went through a Banksy phase at age 15 , referring to the British street artist known for his subversive and polarizing street exhibits . Banksy spurred the young Ferrari to begin spray painting garages with colorful aerosols . "  Back then it was more , ` Screw you mom and dad , I am going to draw on walls . ' Back then it was n't about the artistic side , " he said of his youthful rebellion . The 31-year-old , known across Atlanta as the artist PLF , is hesitant to call himself a graffiti or even a street artist . The former Montessori schoolteacher , whose sprawling murals are found across Atlanta walls and commissioned by both private companies and individuals , instead sees himself as a public artist . Because of his use of spray paint , people around the city still call him a street artist . But what 's the difference , anyway ? "  Well , graffiti is illegal for one thing ... but it 's a true art form , " Ferrari said . What started as a subculture on the streets of New York in the 1970s has gained popularity in the decades since . Graffiti , often used synonymously with street art , has become aesthetically trendy in many places across America . Dave Betts said graffiti is celebrated in his Brooklyn , New York , neighborhood of Williamsburg . "  There are even art appreciation tours that include some of the street art , " he said . Opinion : Olympics street art should be embraced Street art is a culture in Brooklyn . "  I appreciate the capability and expression of the street artists in the area who have transformed streets that were considered common industrial sites , " he said . "  What impresses me most is that graffiti ca n't be bought , " Betts said . Although graffiti was introduced to American street culture in the 1970s , Ferrari said the technique was around before then . "  Graffiti in its current state has been around for decades . It is probably one of the largest art trends to last , " he said . "  Think about pop art , it only lasted for 20 years , and it was one of the biggest trends . I mean , even cave paintings can be considered ` graffiti , ' " he said . What is graffiti ? "  Graffiti is an affirmation of the individual , " said Sara Cochran , curator of modern and contemporary at the Phoenix Art Museum . "  The idea of graffiti has a lot to do with raw energy and authenticity . " In the realm of public space , street and public art are often indistinguishable . Sometimes , what was once viewed as graffiti becomes pricey art . Cochran points to Banksy as an example . "  Banksy came from the streets and now has gallery shows and auctions , " she said . Despite Banksy 's rise into the high-end art world , he still hides his identity , she pointed out . There is more to street art than who creates it , Cochran said . "  Like Banksy , who is socially and politically driven , graffiti is driven by almost a communal pride , " she said . Street art is considered rebellious in nature and illegal in practice , while public art is commissioned by cities or property owners and is considered culturally enriching and socially acceptable . Artists have used public spaces to showcase themes and bring awareness to issues . Marilynn Shcolnik was captivated when she saw blue trees in Seattle 's downtown area . What Shcolnik saw was "  The Blue Trees , " part of a public art installation by Australian artist Konstantin Dimopoulos . Dimopoulos covered the trees in a natural water-base pigment . The purpose of the piece is to bring awareness to global deforestation , according to his website . Like Dimopoulos , Ferrari sees public space as a canvas and public art as an avenue to bring his aerosol-inspired artwork to a larger audience , further blurring the lines between street and public art . ` Weird divide between highbrow and lowbrow ' But does blurring the lines mean selling out ? Ferrari said he does n't think so . In fact , he said he has been hoping to enter the realm of public art for a long time . He sees being a public artist as an opportunity . "  Every time you do mural work , it is like another advertisement of yourself , " he said . "  And this is the year for me to get into bigger galleries and publications . " But he said people try to differentiate the two . "  There is this weird divide between highbrow and lowbrow in the art world , " he said . Even Banksy has been accused of becoming too commercialized . On the artist 's website , one commenter wrote , "  Why are you such a sell out ? " Banksy responded , "  I wish I had a pound for every time someone asked me that . " What some call selling out , Ferrari said he sees as appreciation by a wider audience . Graffiti 's aerosol imagery is gaining popularity and is becoming increasing socially acceptable , he said . Movements such as GreenGraffiti , which uses pressurized water to leave behind clean messages and images on the streets of New York , or the increasing use of commercial graffiti , where street artists are hired to create graffiti-based advertisements in cities such as London , Paris , New York and Atlanta , also shine light on the increasing commercialism of graffiti . But graffiti for hire is n't something for which Ferrari is necessarily enthusiastic . He recounted a recent art project that Coca-Cola in Atlanta commissioned . "  They commissioned a bunch of local graffiti artists . It was this huge bubble art , and it was defaced the next day . It is almost an insult to the work of graffiti artists , when companies come into a place and just create advertisements in a form of graffiti art , " he said . Nicholas Swann of Rochester , New York , lives in an area filled with graffiti , and he agrees with the sentiment . "  Street art to me is a person showing his talent ; many artists go undiscovered , " Swann said . "  They take chances when and where they do it . " What do we do with graffiti ? Ferrari said Atlanta has a love-hate relationship with street art . "  In Atlanta there was a big push to stomp out graffiti , yet there is a huge desire by people who want street art , too , " he said . In 2011 , the city of Atlanta 's Graffiti Task Force was funded $ 10,000 to crack down on graffiti . The task force , whose aim is to keep the city clean and prevent further vandalism , made several arrests of local street artists . But graffiti can be found is many cities across the United States . Gino Tucillo of Asheville , North Carolina , said street art is a familiar site in his city . "  Sometimes it 's beautiful and interesting graffiti and other times it 's beautiful elaborate murals that just show up randomly on local business walls , " Tucillo said in a CNN iReport . "  Much of it finds a home with a lot of appreciation for quite a while until someone replaces it with something new . " Whether graffiti should be criminalized , however , can be subjective . "  If it 's just random tagging to scar property and identify someone 's ego -- it 's a crime , " Tucillo said . "  However , when you happen to walk through some dilapidated back alley and you find a giant , beautiful , sweet face of Yoda staring at you on some old forgotten brick wall and it simply says ` Jedi ' next to it , that to me expresses something powerful . " Ferrari said he finds the paradox in the public 's attitude toward street art interesting . "  People hate the tags , but they want the murals , " he said . "  I think there is a misunderstanding , and people do n't realize that it is all connected and all related . You ca n't have the mural without the tag . "	Peter Ferrari is an Atlanta artist whose work blurs the lines between street and public art Graffiti , otherwise known as street art , is becoming a widely accepted art form In 2011 , the city of Atlanta created a task force to stomp out graffiti in the city British artist Banksy is widely known for incorporating his activism with his street art
CNN  -- Hoboken , New Jersey , Mayor Peter Cammarano III -- one of dozens of politicians and rabbis arrested last week in a corruption scandal -- has resigned , the city attorney said Friday . Hoboken , New Jersey , Mayor Peter Cammarano III is accused of taking thousands of dollars in bribes . Steve Kleinman said City Council President Dawn Zimmer will be sworn in immediately as acting mayor . He said Cammarano 's letter of resignation , delivered to the city clerk at 9:15 a.m. , said his resignation would be effective at noon Friday . The Democratic Hoboken mayor was one of 44 people arrested in last week 's federal corruption probe . In his letter to the city clerk , Cammarano , 32 , denied all criminal wrongdoing , but said the charges have disrupted the city government and his ability to perform mayoral duties . "  It had been my hope and expectation that I could remain in office and perform my official duties until I had the opportunity to resolve the legal charges against me in court , " he wrote . "  Regrettably , it has turned out that the controversy surrounding the charges against me has become a distraction to me and an impediment to functioning of Hoboken government . " He apologized to Hoboken residents for the "  disruption and disappointment " the case has caused , but said , "  I am innocent of any criminal charges and I intend to fight the allegations against me . " Authorities said that 29 public officials and associates took hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes , and that 15 people -- including five rabbis -- engaged in money laundering . Read about some linked to investigation " One of the federal complaints alleges that Cammarano took about $ 25,000 in bribes from a government witness posing as a real estate developer . Dennis Elwell , 64 , the Democratic mayor of Secaucus , in northern New Jersey , resigned Tuesday after being charged with accepting $ 10,000 from a confidential informant . Elwell 's attorney , Thomas Cammarata , said the mayor had decided that resigning was in the best interest of his family and the people of Secaucus , but was not an admission of guilt . "  Dennis pleaded not guilty to the charges , is presumed innocent and will vigorously defend the unproven allegations made against him , " the attorney said . Other city leaders arrested include Anthony Suarez , 42 , the Democratic mayor of Ridgefield , New Jersey , and Leona Beldini , 74 , the Democratic deputy mayor of Jersey City , prosecutors said . Earlier this week , Democrats L. Harvey Smith and Daniel Van Pelt -- two members of the New Jersey State Assembly who were among the officials arrested in the probe -- were stripped of their legislative pay and benefits , Assembly Speaker Joseph J. Roberts Jr. announced . When the arrests were announced July 23 , prosecutors said investigators had searched about 20 locations in New Jersey and New York to recover "  large sums of cash and other evidence of criminal conduct , " and executed 28 seizure warrants against bank accounts that they believe were involved in laundering money .	Hoboken , New Jersey , Mayor Peter Cammarano III steps down in wake of scandal Cammarano , one of 44 arrested in corruption probe , accused of taking bribes Secaucus Mayor Dennis Elwell resigned earlier after being linked to investigation Both maintain their innocence , saying stepping down is not admission of guilt
Greensboro , North Carolina  CNN  -- John Edwards knew that a wealthy benefactor was giving money to help cover up his affair with Rielle Hunter , a former speechwriter testified Tuesday during the corruption trial of the former presidential candidate . Prosecutors say the North Carolina Democrat used donor funds to hide Hunter and their daughter , Quinn , in an effort to keep his candidacy viable . Edwards broke federal law , they allege , by accepting about $ 725,000 from heiress Rachel "  Bunny " Mellon for that purpose and more than $ 200,000 from Fred Baron , a now-deceased Texas lawyer who was his finance chairman . He has pleaded not guilty to the charges . Wendy Button , the former speechwriter , said she worked with Edwards during the summer of 2009 , helping him craft a statement admitting paternity for Hunter 's child . Attorney : Donor knew money was n't for Edwards ' campaign "  While I never asked Fred Baron to spend a dime , I stood by and watched him support Quinn , " he said in an early draft , Button testified . Edwards changed that line to then read : "  Some people without my knowledge supported Quinn , " she said . And when he released the final statement in January 2010 , any mention of financing for the cover-up was taken out altogether . Edwards told his former speechwriter he did not find out the other donor , Mellon , was sending checks until much later , Button testified . Edwards faces six felony courts , including conspiracy and making false statements . The defense team for the former U.S. senator has argued that Andrew Young , an Edwards aide , had largely used the money for his own personal gain while also paying for Hunter 's medical expenses during her pregnancy to hide the affair from Edwards ' wife . Donations for that purpose , the Edwards team has argued , can not be considered in violation of campaign finance laws . Young admitted during questioning that he used some donations for his own personal benefit -- particularly to fund construction of a home that included a pool and a theater . Last week : Daughter tearfully leaves courtroom during testimony Earlier Tuesday , an Edwards donor testified that he told the Barack Obama campaign to believe rumors of Edwards ' affair as early as June 2008 . Prosecution witness Tim Toben , a developer and green energy entrepreneur , said during cross examination that during a dinner with Edwards , the candidate was optimistic about his chances of his being selected as Obama 's running mate . The message from Edwards was that if he were to be offered the position , he would take it , Toben testified . The witness said he found the idea "  astonishing , " given the then-rampant rumors of Edwards ' affair and child with Hunter . After the dinner , Toben called the North Carolina director of the Obama campaign , he testified . He told it the reports about Edwards ' affair were true and encouraged the campaign to vet the information thoroughly as it decided on its pick . Toben also testified about an alleged sex tape involving Edwards and Hunter , which will not be shown to the jury , and whether Young had ever suggested he wanted to sell it . Young thought about selling the video , but changed his mind , Toben said . Once a grand jury started an investigation into the events surrounding the affair , Toben sent an e-mail to Young , asking : "  Wonder what that tape is worth today ? " If convicted , Edwards could face up to 30 years behind bars .	NEW : Edwards knew benefactor was giving money to hide affair , speechwriter testifies Witness Tim Toben details talks he said he had with Edwards and the Obama campaign The former presidential candidate faces federal corruption charges Edwards has pleaded not guilty ; he could face up to 30 years behind bars if convicted
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A military offensive to rid Pakistan 's northwest of al Qaeda and Taliban fighters has killed more than 1,000 militants since it began in full force earlier this month , the country 's interior ministry said Sunday . A Pakistani girl displaced by the offensive against the Taliban rests at a camp Saturday north of Islamabad . Officials also said that only 2 percent of the North West Frontier Province remains under Taliban control as a result of the operation . Both claims were difficult to verify independently . The government did not say whether the operation resulted in civilian casualties , or how many people it displaced . The United Nations said Saturday that more than a million people have been displaced as a result of the two-week-old offensive . The U.S-led coalition and NATO -- based in Afghanistan -- have long said Pakistan is not being proactive enough in battling militants who are launching attacks from Pakistan 's swath of tribal areas along the border . Pakistan has denied the claim . But the country 's military launched an intense operation to rout out militants from the area after Taliban fighters took control of a district just 60 miles from the capital , Islamabad . The control of the Buner district brought the Taliban closer to the capital of the nuclear-armed country than it had been since it mounted its insurgency . Watch car bomb , drone attack in Pakistan "	Pakistani troops fighting to oust Taliban militants from volatile province U.S-led coalition and NATO , based in Afghanistan , have long criticized Pakistan Islamabad , coalition says , not effective in halting border attacks from inside Pakistan Pakistan has denied the claims , has launched operations to rout out militants
The final stockpile of Syria 's chemical weapons has been shipped out of the country , according to the OPCW , the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons . Ahmet Uzumcu , the chief of the international watchdog organization , said the weapons were loaded Monday aboard the Danish ship Ark Futura and departed the Syrian port of Latakia . "  A major landmark has been reached today , " Uzumcu said , qualifying that that meant all "  declared " weapons were out of the country . "  We can not say for sure it has no more chemical weapons , " Uzumcu said . "  All we can do is work on the basis of verifying a country 's declarations of what they have . I would not make any speculation to possible remaining assets , substances , chemical weapons . ... " It has been more than a year since the Obama administration said that Syria had crossed a "  red line " with its use of chemical weapons during the nation 's civil war , which has raged since 2011 . In August 2013 , U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky told reporters that a team of experts had gathered to go to Syria to investigate reports of chemical weapons . Later that month , video and witness accounts appeared to support the allegations that scores of people killed outside the Syrian capital of Damascus had been poisoned with chemical weapons . The nonpartisan Doctors Without Borders then reported that three hospitals near Damascus treated more than 3,000 patients suffering "  neurotoxic symptoms . " In September , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon released the inspectors ' report , which says there is "  clear and convincing evidence " that sarin , a nerve agent developed for chemical warfare , was used in the Damascus attack . Later that month , the U.N. Security Council passed a resolution requiring Syria to eliminate its chemical weapons arsenal , and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad promised to adhere to the resolution . The following month , Syria began dismantling its chemical weapons program . The OPCW reported that Syrians were using torches and grinders to destroy or disable weapons such as missile warheads and aerial bombs . But in February , the OPCW told CNN that Syria had shipped out only 11 % of its chemical weapons stockpile . That happened after a February deadline ordering that all chemical arms be removed from Syria had passed . While Monday brought an apparent end to a chapter regarding Syria 's chemical weapons , talks to achieve some semblance of peace in the country continue and , on the ground in Syria , trauma and bloodshed continue . On June 20 in New York , Ban gave an impassioned speech about the war in Syria . It 's possible that more than 150,000 people have died since the war began , but the U.N. chief said it may be impossible to get an exact count of how many have lost their lives . Half of Syria 's population of 22 million has been displaced , and a flood of refugees are struggling to put their lives back together in neighboring countries such as Lebanon , Turkey , Jordan and Iraq , Ban said . "  The international community must not abandon the people of Syria and the region to never-ending waves of cruelty and crisis , " he implored . "  The greatest obstacle to ending the Syria war is the notion that it can be won militarily . ... "  No one is winning ; no one can win . Even if one side were to prevail in the short term , the devastating toll will have sown the seeds of future conflict . "	Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons : Stockpile has left Syrian port of Latakia "  A major landmark has been reached , " OPCW chief says It 's been more than a year since Obama said Syria crossed "  red line " with use of chemical arms
CNN  -- A scathing review of policing in Boston found that in a city where about a quarter of the population is African-American , two-thirds of police stops involved black residents , according to the American Civil Liberties Union . The report , titled "  Black , Brown , and Targeted , " is based on the preliminary results of a study commissioned by the Boston Police Department -- which analyzed 204,000 "  Field Interrogation and Observation "  FIO  reports from police officers between 2007 and 2010 . "  The fact that blacks make up about 25 % of Boston 's population , but are stopped 63 % of the time raises serious concerns of racially biased policing , " said Nusrat Choudhury , an attorney with the ACLU Racial Justice Program . The findings come in the wake of troubling incidents across the nation in which police actions disproportionately targeted African-Americans in cities like New York , where questionable police tactics have been captured on video . Additionally , the controversial shooting of an unarmed black teenager by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri , has drawn national attention to the issue of police/community relations . Released jointly by the ACLU and its branch in Massachusetts , the report found that Boston Police gave no justification for 75 % of the encounters with citizens and listed the reason for the stop simply as "  investigate person . " Only 2.5 % of the encounters lead to seizure of contraband , according to the ACLU . " ` Investigate person ' can not provide a constitutionally permissible reason for stopping or frisking someone , " said Matthew Segal , legal director at the ACLU of Massachusetts . "  It only describes what the officer decided to do . It basically means : ` Because I said so . ' " The Boston Police Department said it has made significant changes to procedures since 2011 , including improved documentation and supervision of stops . "  Over the past month , the Department has held three separate meetings with the ACLU to receive feedback and engage the organization in the solutions , " the department said in a statement . "  As a result of the meetings , the Department agrees that publishing FIO statistics going forward is necessary , and the Department is working toward personalizing interactions between officers and citizens . " The report said that Boston police failed to show that its stops and frisks produced results . "  In a four-year span , the BPD targeted Blacks for roughly 129,600 encounters -- 63.3 % of 204,739 -- that did not result in arrest , " the report said . Segal said the findings were clear evidence of racial bias by Boston officers . "  This practice contradicts the principle of equal protection under the law , which is guaranteed by both the U.S. and Massachusetts Constitutions , " he said . "  We hope that we can work collaboratively with the BPD to address this problem . " A report released in New York last year found that officers there also disproportionately targeted minorities during stops . Nearly nine out of 10 people "  stopped and frisked " under a controversial New York Police Department policy in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic , the NYPD report said . The New York report showed that of 685,724 stops made by police that year , 53 % of those questioned were black , 34 % were Latino , 9 % were white and 3 % were Asian . The citywide population in 2011 was 23.4 % black , 29.4 % Hispanic , 12.9 % Asian , and 34.3 % non-Hispanic white , according to the report . Opinion : Obama needs to lead on racial profiling legislation In Boston , the ACLU has requested that police release statistics on police-civilian encounters on a quarterly basis . It also recommended that officers who are involved in stops wear body cameras during interactions with the public -- a practice now in place in Ferguson , Missouri , after unarmed teenager Michael Brown was shot and killed by a white police officer . A spate of incidents across the nation has drawn attention to police tactics . Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed the 18-year-old in the middle of the day on August 9 after telling Brown and a friend to get out of the street . A grand jury is expected to decide by mid-November whether Wilson will be charged criminally for the shooting , which has sparked weeks of unrest . On Staten Island in New York on July 17 , Eric Garner raised both hands in the air and told officers who approached him about illegally selling cigarettes to not touch him . Seconds later , a video taken by a bystander showed an officer grab Garner from behind in a chokehold and pull him to the sidewalk , rolling him onto his stomach . The video showed Garner lying on the ground motionless . An asthmatic and father of six , Garner was later declared dead at a nearby hospital . An Indiana family is suing a city and the local police after officers smashed a car window to stun and arrest a black passenger during a traffic stop . The family said police pulled them over because the two front passengers were not wearing a seat belt on September 24 in Hammond , Indiana .	In Boston , 25 % of population is black , but 63 % of police stops involve blacks , study finds ACLU report is based on study commissioned by Boston Police Department Findings come in the wake of troubling police incidents across the country
CNN  -- Trayvon Martin 's parents will ask the U.S. Justice Department to review a local Florida prosecutor 's interactions with police investigating the teen 's shooting death , the family 's lawyer said . The Justice Department launched an investigation into Martin 's death on March 19 , but the family is now asking it to look for possible interference by State 's Attorney Norm Wolfinger 's office with Sanford , Florida , Police Detective Chris Serino , attorney Ben Crump said . The Martin family will send a formal request to the Justice Department Monday , Crump told CNN Sunday . Martin , 17 , was fatally shot by neighborhood watch volunteer George Zimmerman , 28 , after Zimmerman called police to report him as a "  suspicious " person on the evening of February 26 . Zimmerman says he killed Martin in self-defense after the teen punched him and slammed his head on the sidewalk , according to an Orlando Sentinel report that was later confirmed by Sanford police . Police cited Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which allows people to use deadly force anywhere they feel a reasonable threat of death or serious injury , for not immediately arresting Zimmerman . Authorities have said Zimmerman was not immediately charged because there were no grounds , at the outset , to disprove his account that he 'd acted to protect himself . Martin 's family and supporters say Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , racially profiled the teen , who was black , and ignored a police dispatcher 's directive not to follow him . The killing sparked nationwide protests , including a march Saturday by civil rights luminaries , carrying "  Justice for Trayvon " signs in a marching to the Sanford police headquarters . The Sanford police department has come under intense scrutiny for its actions following the shooting , and protesters renewed their call for the firing of police Chief Bill Lee , who stepped aside temporarily this month amid criticism . The local prosecutor also stepped aside . Gov. Rick Scott appointed a special investigator to decide if Zimmerman should be charged , cleared or if the case should be sent to the grand jury . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	Family wants the Justice Department to look for possible interference by state attorney Family will send a formal request to the Justice Department Monday , lawyer says A special prosecutor is handling the case after the local prosecutor stepped aside Police cite Florida 's "  stand your ground " law in not arresting Zimmerman in Martin 's death
Entertainment Weekly  -- Watching Iain Softley 's motley , jewel-toned adaptation of "  Inkheart , " the best-selling 2003 young-adult novel by Cornelia Funke , I had the distinct sensation of being a young bookworm again , falling into a world as vividly real as it is impossible . Brendan Fraser stars as Mo , a literature lover who brings characters to life when he reads aloud . In Funke 's universe -- given voice in a screenplay by fantasy-friendly playwright David Lindsay-Abaire -- a literature lover named Mo  Brendan Fraser  possesses a dangerous talent for bringing characters from books to life when he reads aloud . The downside ? When a fictional figure comes alive , a real person must disappear into the book 's pages . That explains the extended absence of Mo 's wife , Resa  Sienna Guillory  . Mo has not yet told the truth about Resa 's disappearance to their intrepid young daughter , Meggie  Eliza Hope Bennett  , just as many a movie adult before him annoyingly withheld information from their children for dramatic effect .  Maybe Fraser 's Mo , a pleasantly square-framed American among a population of Brits , just ca n't bring himself to utter the word " Mummy . " It also explains the presence of a rambunctious crowd of fictional interlopers . These include a soulful fire juggler  Paul Bettany  who yearns for home  and why not , when real-life wife Jennifer Connelly appears briefly as the juggler 's fairy-tale missus  , and an acquisitive villain named Capricorn  Andy Serkis , always welcome even without his Gollum suit  . A unicorn and "  The Wizard of Oz 's " flying monkeys also make appearances -- as does , briefly , Toto too . The story is a whirl , a jumble , an effusion -- sometimes flowing smoothly , other times jerking along as if the filmmaker  "  Backbeat , " "  The Wings of the Dove "  has been given advice he resents regarding pacing and the balance of sweetness and danger . There are close calls , weird whispers , amusing throwaway lines , the ditherings of a distractible author  Jim Broadbent  , and cartoon violence undertaken by misshapen scary-comic evil henchmen . But most deliciously madcap of all , there are the grand gestures and imperious pronouncements of Helen Mirren as Meggie 's flesh-and-blood great-aunt Elinor , a creature of pencil-thin eyebrows and luscious costumery who caws and squawks with very unqueenly abandon . Mirren 's all-out display in this distinctly British absurdo-literary extravaganza had me wishing Elinor were my own fabulous auntie and that she 'd lend me some magic items from her closet . EW Grade : B CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Entertainment Weekly reviews Iain Softley 's adaptation of "  Inkheart " "  Inkheart " is best-selling 2003 young-adult novel by Cornelia Funke Literature lover has dangerous talent for bringing characters from books to life Film stars Brendan Fraser , Paul Bettany , Helen Mirren and Eliza Hope Bennett
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The disabled young son of UK opposition leader David Cameron has died . David Cameron leaves the family home after the death of his 6-year-old son on February 25 . Ivan Cameron , six , passed away early Wednesday , the UK 's Press Association reported a Conservative Party spokesman as saying . "  It is with great sadness that David and Samantha Cameron must confirm the death of their six-year-old son Ivan , " the spokesman said according to the agency . The spokesman said that Ivan , who suffered from cerebral palsy and severe epilepsy , was taken ill overnight and died at St Mary 's Hospital , Paddington , central London early Wednesday morning . "  David and Samantha would ask that their privacy is respected at this terribly difficult time , " the spokesman added . Meanwhile , the queen sent a private message of sympathy to the Camerons , Buckingham Palace said . Prime minister Gordon Brown said the "  thoughts and prayers of the whole country " would be with the Conservative leader and his family , The Guardian newspaper reported , while prime minister 's question time -- which offers Cameron a weekly opportunity to grill Brown in parliament -- was cancelled at Brown 's suggestion . The prime minister , together with other senior British politicians , instead offered their condolences in the parliament chamber . "  I know that the whole house will want to express their sorrow at the death of Ivan Cameron , " Brown told lawmakers , according to The Guardian . "  He brought joy to all those around him . Every child is precious and irreplaceable . The death of a child is an unbearable sorrow no parents should have to endure . " Brown and his wife Sarah lost their first child , Jennifer Jane , in 2001 after she was born prematurely and died 10 days later . They have two sons , John and Fraser , who suffers from cystic fibrosis .	UK media : Young son of opposition leader David Cameron has died Ivan Cameron , six , passed away early Wednesday , Conservative Party says Ivan Cameron suffered from cerebral palsy and severe epilepsy British PM Gordon Brown offered his condolences in parliament
CNN  -- The controversial method of putting whereby the club is "  anchored " to a player 's belly or another part of the body is to be banned from 2016 , golf 's law makers announced Wednesday . The move follows victories for Keegan Bradley in last year 's U.S.PGA Championship , his fellow American Webb Simpson at this year 's U.S. Open and the triumph by South African veteran Ernie Els at the 2012 British Open . All three players were using "  belly " or "  long-handled " putters with the club fixed on their midriff while putting out on the greens and it has been argued that they gained an unfair advantage using this approach . The decision has been supported by 14-time major winner Tiger Woods . "  I believe that the art of putting is swinging the club and controlling nerves , " he told his official website . "  Having it as a fixed point is something that 's not in the traditions of the game . "  We swing all the other 13 clubs . I think the putter should be the same , " added the former World No. 1 . Claude Harmon , swing coach to Els , questioned why the decision had been made now despite belly putters being around for many years . "  I do n't think it is the miracle cure that those in the media are making out , " he told CNN . "  Remember , the No. 1 player in the world  Rory McIlroy  does not use a long putter , or the majority of those in the top ten , " he added . McIlroy , who won this year 's U.S.PGA title and was top money winner on both the European and PGA Tours , later tweeted his approval of the decision . "  Fully agree with the anchoring ban , " he said . "  Better image for the game of golf , skill and nerves are all part of the game . Level playing field in ' 16 " the Northern Irishman added . In unveiling their proposed changes , The Royal & Ancient  R&A  and the United States Golf Association  USGA  said they would "  consider any further comments and suggestions from throughout the golf community . " There have been reports that leading players and club manufacturers could take legal action against the rule changes . "  Throughout the 600-year history of golf , the essence of playing the game has been to grip the club with the hands and swing it freely at the ball , " USGA executive director Mike Davis said in the joint statement issued with the R&A . "  Our conclusion is that the Rules of Golf should be amended to preserve the traditional character of the golf swing by eliminating the growing practice of anchoring the club . " The amendments , which would come into force on January 1 , 2016 , do not mean belly or long-handled putters are banned , but it would be hard to see a use for them without the "  anchoring " method . "  We believe we have considered this issue from every angle but given the wide ranging interest in this subject we would like to give stakeholders in the game the opportunity to put forward any new matters for consideration , " added R&A chief executive Peter Dawson .	"  Anchored " putting method to be banned by golf 's rule makers Three of the last five majors have been won by players using "  belly " putters The R&A and USGA announce changes in joint statement Threat of legal action over the proposed changes
CNN  -- Former Philippine President Corazon Aquino , whose "  People Power " movement pushed out longtime strongman Ferdinand Marcos less than three years after her husband 's assassination , has died at age 76 , her family announced Saturday . "  She was the agent of change in Philippine democracy , " said Ray Donato , the nation 's consul-general in Atlanta . Aquino , the first woman to lead the Philippines , had been battling colon cancer since March 2008 and died of cardio-respiratory arrest at 3:18 a.m. Saturday  3:18 p.m. Friday ET  , said Mai Mislang , a spokeswoman for her son , Philippine Sen. Benigno Aquino III . Funeral arrangements were being set up , Mislang said . Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo has also announced a 10-day mourning period for the former president , said Ray Donato , the country 's consul-general in Atlanta . "  She was the agent of change in Philippine democracy , and almost all the Filipinos I know revered her during her presidency , " Donato said . Aquino had been born into a wealthy family and was educated in the United States . She had not been involved in politics before her husband , opposition leader Benigno "  Ninoy " Aquino Jr. , was gunned down at Manila 's airport in August 1983 as he returned from exile . The political novice took over the leadership of her husband 's movement after his death and challenged Marcos in a 1986 election , making a yellow dress her trademark and bolstered by the support of the country 's Roman Catholic churches . Marcos had been backed by the United States , the former colonial power in the Philippines , for two decades as a stalwart anti-communist . He and his wife Imelda were friends of then-President Ronald Reagan and his wife , Nancy . But widespread allegations of electoral fraud and a mutiny by the country 's military led the Reagan administration to withdraw its support , and Marcos went into exile in Hawaii . Aquino took office in a country with a $ 28 billion debt , widespread poverty and a persistent Marxist insurgency . She put in place a U.S.-style constitution that limited presidents to a single six-year term and survived seven coup attempts -- including one that was supressed with American help . She also oversaw the closure of the major U.S. military bases in the country before leaving office in 1992 . The bases had been a bulwark of American power in the Pacific since the early 1900s and employed nearly 80,000 Filipinos , but Aquino 's opponents argued the country was too dependent on the United States . Aquino announced in 1990 that it was time to begin negotiating the "  orderly withdrawal " of U.S. forces .	NEW : Funeral arrangements are being set up , spokeswoman says President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo announces 10-day mourning period Aquino had been battling colon cancer since March 2008 She took up opposition to Marcos regime after her husband 's 1983 assassination
Born on safari in Zambia  then Northern Rhodesia  in 1942 , Geoffrey Kent developed a taste for adventure at an early age . He co-founded luxury exploration company Abercrombie & Kent in 1962 , taking small groups of travelers into Kenya with comforts once reserved only for royalty . Proper linens ! Caviar ! With his expedition company marking its 50th anniversary this year , Kent now oversees premium excursions to more than 100 countries . In a spirited interview with CNN Travel , the 70-year-old adventurer reviews his career , casts an eye toward future adventure and shares remarkable photos from his personal collection . CNN : Can you recall the first safari you ran in Kenya in 1962 ? Kent : It was a monthlong safari with my father for a lovely couple , a husband and wife . We started in Kenya and drove to Uganda , stopping at Queen Elizabeth Park and Murchison Falls , then crossed into the Congo where we saw pygmies . I remember we even went water skiing on Lake Kivu , which has no crocodiles . The area was called the "  Switzerland of Africa " because it was so beautiful . CNN : What were the moveable camps like back then ? Kent : The original Manyara tents had poles in the middle for support and tarpaulins on the ground . Setting them up took a long time , since there might be a hundred poles . We eventually color-coded them to simplify the process -- red meets red , yellow meets yellow . The beds were low cots , just a few inches off the ground , with mosquito netting draped over them . We used paraffin lamps for light at night . In the morning a basin of hot water would be set out on a small table just outside the entrance of your tent so you could shave and wash . One toilet for the entire camp would be located about 10 meters away . It was simply a toilet seat mounted on a box over a pit lined with lime . When choosing a place to set up camp , the most important thing was to find a "  shower tree . " You needed a sturdy branch at just the right height to hang a 10-liter canvas bucket for showers . This was especially important to the ladies . CNN : You encouraged portable iceboxes so guests could enjoy sundowners on safari . What other luxuries did you bring to the safari ? Kent : Champagne , caviar , smoked salmon . CNN : What sort of guests did you attract back then ? Kent : Our clients are experience seekers : educated , active , accomplished professionals and entrepreneurs with an intense curiosity about the world . But when we started , traveling to Africa was something only the wealthiest could afford . CNN : Scariest safari experience ? Kent : I was with Richard Burton in Kenya . We had just sat down for sundowners and I walked over to the mess tent to refresh his drink . I heard a roar behind me and a lot of screaming and turned to see four lions bringing down a buffalo in our campfire ! I quickly upended the table , sending the crystal and china flying , and gathered the guests behind it as a barricade . What an amazing spectacle to watch ! The next day Burton wanted to know if we could do it again . He thought I planned the whole thing . CNN : How has Kenya changed since that first safari ? Kent : When I was growing up , Kenya was very much the wide open spaces you see in "  Out of Africa . " The Masai Mara and Lewa Conservancy still offer that same sense of space , but the growing population means that farms are encroaching on the land surrounding the game reserves . And traffic in Nairobi rivals the most congested cities in the West . CNN : How does a Kenyan safari compare to ones in other African nations ? Kent : East Africa and Southern Africa offer different safari experiences . Traditionally , the migration has made East Africa the must-see destination for first-time safari goers . But in recent years , the world-class hotels and restaurants in South Africa have been attracting guests who want a holiday that combines game viewing with gourmet food , interesting local wines and romantic accommodations . East Africa remains the most popular safari destination . The large numbers of herd animals -- wildebeest , zebra , antelope -- and the drama of the migration attract many visitors to Kenya and Tanzania -- but in places like the Ngorongoro Crater you are likely to see many other vehicles during a game drive . If travelers are looking for a more traditional "  Out of Africa " experience , I recommend our Hemingway-style mobile-tented camps . South Africa is a more developed safari destination with cosmopolitan cities , world-class hotels and fine restaurants . In national parks like Kruger or Sabi Sands , guests are likely to see vehicles from many different safari lodges , so for those seeking solitude , choose lodges that offer game drives on adjacent private lands . CNN : We 've had good luck in Botswana . Kent : Botswana limits the numbers of safari-goers . We recommend the exclusive Mombo Concession in the Moremi Game Reserve -- it 's considered the predator capital of Africa , with lions , leopards , cheetah , painted dogs , hyenas and jackals along with elephants , giraffe , zebra , wildebeest and impala . Here , you find small luxury tented camps with game viewing in open vehicles and the rare opportunity for walking safaris and night game drives . Though relatively unknown outside Africa , Zambia offers a diverse range of environments with prolific wildlife . Walking safaris were pioneered here ; if you have only seen animals from inside a vehicle , you will find walking with big game a thrilling experience . Night drives are also a specialty , and the best means of seeing some of the more elusive nocturnal species , including leopards . CNN : Most memorable encounter with wildlife ? Kent : I was studying elephants with Iain Douglas-Hamilton on the shores of Lake Manyara in Tanzania . He wanted to introduce me to a new matriarch he had found named Boadicea . She charged us and picked up our Land Rover with her tusks and pushed us nine or 10 meters along the ground ! CNN : Favorite place ? Kent : The Galapagos Islands would be at the top of my list . I love to be active and there you can swim , snorkel and scuba dive with sea lions and turtles and stroll through colonies of penguins and blue-footed boobies -- they have no fear of humans . But I also love Zambia , where I was born while my parents were on safari . CNN : Is there a country you do n't operate in that 's on your radar ? Kent : We do n't operate in Syria yet , but it has so much history with incredible archaeological sites . I was also hoping to take people to see the bonobo chimpanzees in the Congo , but that 's on hold for the moment . CNN : What will the African safari experience be like in 20 or 30 years ? Kent : There will always be African safaris . Enlightened countries like Botswana and Zambia understand the importance of sustainable tourism and are protecting their wilderness and wildlife . Both are rich in natural resources and have small populations relative to their size .	Luxury travel company Abercrombie & Kent turns 50 in 2013 Co-founder Geoffrey Kent fended off lion attack with Richard Burton "  There will always be African safaris , " says pioneering guide
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Any woman who 's ever watched "  Sex and the City " has at some point tried to guess which of the characters she 's most like . The overly confident Samantha ? The slightly prudish Charlotte ? The pessimistic Miranda ? The overanalytical Carrie ? Candace Bushnell attends a fashion show during the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in September . But an honest viewer probably would have to admit that she 's similar to all of the characters in some way . As a writer , that is Candace Bushnell 's gift . In her books , including "  Sex and the City , " "  4 Blondes " and "  Lipstick Jungle , " Bushnell has given the pop culture world feminine role models with which it can identify . And the best-selling author 's newest book , "  One Fifth Avenue , " provides a few more -- including attorney Annalisa Rice , gossip columnist Enid Merle and gold digger Lola Fabrikant . Although all of her characters are fictional , Bushnell said each one is based on a common type of person . "  I 've always been interested in people . It 's part of being a novelist , really , part of the job , " she said . "  As a writer you can never know a real person as well as you know your characters . " Watch Bushnell talk about her new book " Bushnell said a minor character or two often will appear in several of her books . Other characters she develops in her head for years before releasing them on the literary scene . For instance , she kept one fictional character , Schiffer Diamond , under wraps for 20 years , never seeing a place where she fit in -- until "  One Fifth Avenue . " The story of a vicious scramble for a penthouse apartment once owned by a high-society queen shows the life of New York City women through the lens of where they live . One Fifth Avenue -- an actual building near Washington Square Park -- is an address that each character thinks will be her ticket to fortune . Bushnell contrasts old and new money -- and old and new media -- in the course of her tale . A New York lover herself , Bushnell looks like she belongs on a fashion walkway . Arriving at CNN in a blue dress , bright green jacket and what look like 6-inch heels , it 's obvious the author is n't just a bystander of the fashion capital . But those expecting a who 's who of the designer world should take another look at Bushnell 's subject matter . "  My books are social satire . They have a sense of the absurd , " Bushnell said . "  They have to say something about contemporary life . " "  One Fifth Avenue " touches on art and antiquities theft , crosses back into the world of blogging and zips over to the stock market in less than 400 pages . Though the book is just out in stores , it was written months ago . So how did the author -- who 's been celebrated in the past for her ahead-of-the-curve approach to trends -- know the economy would be such a central focus of her readers ' current lives ? "  I keep my eyes open , " she said with a smile .	Candace Bushnell has a new book , "  One Fifth Avenue " It 's story of the scramble for a penthouse apartment owned by a high-society queen Bushnell says she often knows her characters better than any real person Books "  have to say something about contemporary life , " she says
CNN  -- A coiffed pooch mistaken for a lion 's cub is causing quite an uproar in Virginia . Charles the dog was frolicking down the streets in Norfolk , minding his own business , when panicked passers-by started calling 911 . With a dyed tail and a fluffy coat groomed to resemble a lion 's mane , the pup 's appearance was a little unusual . "  I 'd like to report a lion sighting , " a man said in the 911 call . "  Say that again ? " a dispatcher responded . A few minutes later , another call came in . "  I just saw an animal that looked like a small lion , " a man said . "  Had the mane and everything ... I do n't know if it got away from the zoo , or what . " And the flurry continued , including a resident who told the dispatcher that the "  baby lion " is the size of a Labrador retriever . As soon as the calls trickled in , the Norfolk Police Department contacted the local zoo to ensure its two lions were caged and accounted for . "  We all looked at each other like , ` Could it be ? ' " Greg Bockheim , the Virginia Zoo executive director , told CNN affiliate WAVY . Zoo workers scuttled to the lions ' cages , he said , but the big cats were fast asleep . Police moved on to more pressing matters when they realized this was n't a runaway baby Simba from "  The Lion King . " Nor was it on the lam from the zoo . It was a Labrador-poodle mix -- full name Charles the Monarch -- strolling down the streets after a recent visit to the groomers . His owner , Daniel Painter , told the affiliate that the dog 's shave represents the lion mascot at the Old Dominion University ' . Charles has turned into a celebrity since his sighting Tuesday , and is making rounds on national morning shows . He also has a Facebook page that chronicles his life as a "  party animal . " And the cuddly 3-year-old is not shy about his new role as the "  mane " attraction . The most recent post on his Facebook page asked : "  Who wants a pawtograph ? "	911 callers report "  lion sighting " in Virginia Local zoo workers scuttle to make sure their lions are caged This is no runaway big cat ; it 's a pooch groomed to represent a university mascot The pup , Charles the Monarch , is now a "  mane " attraction
CNN Student News  -- February 13 , 2014 The U.S. Congress has voted to "  suspend " the debt ceiling , but what exactly does that mean ? We explore the issue today on CNN Student News , and we report on how a major winter storm is icing up parts of the Eastern Seaboard . We also look at some fascinating research into whether babies can tell right from wrong . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How do you think that producers should decide which research studies to cover in their news programming ? In your opinion , what criteria should be met before a study is included in news coverage ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . debt ceiling 2 . avalanche 3 . morality Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is meant by the term "  debt ceiling " ? What action did the U.S. Congress take regarding the U.S. debt ceiling ? What is the next step in the process ? 2 . Describe the weather event that has impacted much of the U.S. Southeast . How was this weather impacting everyday life in the region ? Why is an ice storm an especially dangerous weather event ? 3 . What is an avalanche ? Why are avalanches dangerous ? According to the video , what are some pieces of equipment that could help to save someone 's life in the event of an avalanche ? 4 . How old are the babies in the video ? Why are they shown a puppet show ? What do they see in this show ? Which bunny do they choose after the show ? How do the babies react when the good bunny has one cracker and the bad bunny has two ? How do they react when the good bunny has one and the bad bunny has eight ? What conclusion do the researchers draw from their experiment ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that a majority of the U.S. House and Senate voted to raise the debt ceiling ? If you were a member of Congress who voted either for or against raising the debt ceiling , how might you explain your rationale to your constituents ? 2 . Is your area at risk of ice storms , or have you ever experienced one ? If so , what preparations do you make in advance of such a storm ? What advice would you give others experiencing their first ice storm ? 3 . What do you think about the puppet show experiment seen in today 's program ? Do you think this is a valid way to determine whether or not humans are born with a sense of right and wrong ? Why or why not ? What other hypotheses might be generated by this study ? Do you have any questions for the researchers ? If you could ask them about their experiments , what questions might you have ? 4 . In your opinion , are humans born knowing the difference between right and wrong , or is this knowledge acquired in life ? State your rationale . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CUYAHOGA FALLS , Ohio  CNN  -- Camryn Jakeb Wilson was bathed in TV lights the day he was born , celebrated on the local news as Summit County 's 2008 New Year 's baby after his arrival at 12:33 a.m. January 1 . Camryn Jakeb Wilson was the first baby born this year in Summit County , Ohio , arriving at 12:33 a.m. January 1 . Just 12 weeks later , he was bathed in warm water minutes after he quietly died in his mother 's arms , the victim of shaken baby syndrome . Camryn 's 9-year-old sister , Tabatha , asked why he needed a bath now . "  We have to get him ready to go to Jesus , " a nurse softly replied . Tabatha took up a sponge to help . Camryn 's father , Craig R. Wilson , 28 , of Cuyahoga Falls , is scheduled for a pretrial hearing on murder and other charges August 20 . Police say he confessed to shaking and squeezing the infant after arguing with his wife , Crystal Wilson . But he has pleaded not guilty to all the charges and faces trial in September . "  There are no excuses for this to happen to any baby , " said Crystal Wilson , 26 . "  This is murder . He had no reason to die . He died because he cried . " An innocent infant 's violent death has destroyed a family . Watch the family celebrate Camryn 's birth " "  It really is a tragedy , " said Craig Wilson 's defense attorney , Jonathan T. Sinn . "  I mean , not only did Crystal and Craig lose a son , but Crystal lost a husband , and Craig 's parents lost a son and a grandson . ... One day this was a happy , perfect family , and the next day it 's been devastated . " The National Center on Shaken Baby Syndrome estimates that as many as 1,400 babies annually are injured or killed by shaking . According to the center , 70 percent to 79 percent of people convicted of killing or hurting babies are men . The average age of perpetrators is 24 , and 82 percent are either the parent of the victim or the live-in boyfriend of the mother . Watch CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta explain shaken baby syndrome " Craig Wilson and Crystal Twiddy , both recovering alcoholics , met about four years ago in a softball league popular with Alcoholics Anonymous members . The couple beamed in engagement photos shot in a garden setting before they were married in September . It was the first marriage for both . See photos of the family " Craig , the machinist son of the Cuyahoga Falls High School wrestling coach and a former Mat Cats wrestler himself , became a father figure to Tabatha , Crystal 's daughter from a previous relationship . The newlyweds also became frequent caretakers to 1-year-old Corrine , a daughter Craig had with another woman . Family members said the couple 's only source of conflict was Craig 's interaction with Corrine 's mother . On March 12 , the topic sparked a heated quarrel , according to a police report and family accounts . The couple hurled their wedding rings , along with profane insults , at each other . Crystal left with Tabatha to attend one of her regular AA meetings , leaving baby Camryn in the care of his father . "  Maybe they both could have used a meeting that night , " Sinn observed . When Crystal and Tabatha got home from the meeting March 12 , Crystal immediately noticed that Camryn did n't look right in his baby swing . He was gasping for air but could n't be wakened . After briefly speaking with an on-call doctor at Akron Children 's Hospital , she scooped him up and rushed him there . Camryn was critically injured , with bleeding inside his head and in the backs of his eyes , and several broken ribs -- some of which , according to the autopsy , turned out to be older injuries . Medical personnel at the hospital determined that the combination of injuries could only mean abuse . When rib fractures are seen in a 10-week-old infant , "  it 's beating up , " said Dr. Nicolas Krawiecki , a pediatric neurologist and faculty member at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , Georgia . He is not involved in the Wilson case . Watch a doctor describe typical symptoms " Craig Wilson was summoned to the hospital , where police questioned both parents separately . Early on March 13 , the 5-foot-7-inch , 190-pound father was arrested after admitting that he had shaken and squeezed his baby out of frustration and anger toward his wife resulting from the argument over Corrine 's mother , according to the police investigators ' report . The bleeding inside Camryn 's head was catastrophic . The two sides of his brain were "  like two telephone poles with the lines between them cut , " a family member said a doctor told them . Camryn was blind and incapable of feeling someone touching him , he could not breathe on his own , and if he lived , he would never be aware of his surroundings or even be capable of thinking , family members said . Learn about shaken baby syndrome " After almost two weeks of waiting for a miracle that would never come , Crystal Wilson decided to withdraw life support . She gave friends and family -- including everyone on Craig 's side -- time to gather to say goodbye to the tiny boy with the big , sightless eyes . Various relatives took turns holding him as he gradually slipped away . "  They pulled together ; they prayed together ; they took baby Camryn off life support together , " said Sinn , the Wilson family 's longtime lawyer . "  And that was a wonderful thing , that they were able to pull together like that despite Craig being alleged to have done these things . " Camryn 's father was not among them as he remained in jail . Sheriff 's deputies took Craig Wilson to the funeral home for a brief private viewing of the infant 's body the night before the funeral . But the family unity would not last . Buried with Camryn were multiple relationships that could not survive the grief , recrimination and legal machinations that have followed his death . Watch how Camryn 's death has ruined relationships " Crystal Wilson intends to divorce her husband of 11 months and is at odds with her in-laws . "  My anger is kicked in full load , " she wrote on her private MySpace page . "  I do n't care what Craig 's family members think . He did this to my son . May he get what he deserves ! Maybe people should talk more about Camryn than Craig . Craig 's name has no worth to even be mentioned . " Through their attorney , Wilson and his family declined to comment to CNN . Sinn said the autopsy on Camryn raises questions about whether Craig Wilson or someone else might have injured the infant on previous occasions . The autopsy report , obtained by CNN , found Camryn had multiple rib fractures , including several that apparently were incurred on one or more previous occasions . "  The question becomes : If that autopsy is accurate , if this child has been severely injured to the point that his ribs were fractured on prior occasions , multiple occasions , how come no one knew that ? " Sinn said . If Camryn 's caregivers did n't pick up on his earlier rib fractures , neither did medical personnel trained to look for signs of child abuse . Camryn had been to Children 's Hospital several times during his short life -- including earlier on the day he was fatally injured -- for well-baby checks and immunizations . No doctor or nurse ever noted broken ribs or signs of unusual pain in the infant , family members said . Watch how to avoid hurting a baby " Cuyahoga Falls police have said there are no suspects besides Craig Wilson , and Summit County Children Services removes children immediately from a home investigators consider dangerous . Crystal Wilson 's other child , 9-year-old Tabatha , is still at home with her mother . Sinn conceded that his client belatedly admitted to police having squeezed Camryn on previous occasions . "  He only made the confession after the detectives involved started talking about other possibilities of how this child could have been injured , what other folks in the household could have injured him . Then Craig quickly took responsibility , " Sinn said . Sinn said his client would accept "  today " an offer to plead guilty to voluntary manslaughter , saying Craig Wilson had no intention to kill Camryn that night , making a murder charge inappropriate . But prosecutors say there will be no deal . "  No matter what happens , Craig is going to very likely spend the majority of his adult life in prison , " Sinn conceded . "  We are talking massive numbers here . " John Saros , executive director of Summit County Children Services , said crime within a family can bring long-lasting hardship , especially when a family member goes to prison . "  If that 's the breadwinner or the main breadwinner , then you 've got some serious financial problems right off the bat , " he said . Crystal and Tabatha can attest to that . They can no longer afford to live in the charming little house they once shared with Craig on a peaceful Cuyahoga Falls street . Watch how bad things happen in good families " "  I lost my job because of this , because I could n't work enough hours . Now I have to move into a smaller place , " Crystal said . "  It 's horrible . It 's a whole life change . " And the consequences in such circumstances extend beyond the immediate family , Saros said . "  It will be the basis for divorces ; it 'll be the basis for the kind of family conflict that then brings into play maternal and paternal grandparents and the extended family on both sides , and we end up with a lot of conflict , " said Saros , who has been in the family services field for 40 years . Crystal Wilson 's mother -- Camryn 's grandmother , Laura Twiddy -- is angry at Craig but is trying to keep perspective . "  I ca n't have HATE eat me up and beat me down . I ca n't live like that , " she wrote on her MySpace page . "  I will have to one day forgive him so that I might find peace . " Peace of a sort can be found near the back of Stow Cemetery , where birds chirp in the trees above a freshly carved marker bearing a photograph of a big-eyed baby boy . The plot where Camryn now lies beneath that stone was donated to Crystal Wilson by a kind relative : Janet Wilson , Camryn 's great-grandmother . On his father 's side .	2008 New Year 's baby of Summit County , Ohio , shaken to death Father confessed to police , but attorney fighting murder charge Autopsy on 12-week-old infant indicates earlier injuries Tragedy destroys family , ruins relationships
CNN  -- Michael Strahan loves the mega-romantic film "  The Notebook , " is n't afraid to admit his fear of snakes , supports same-sex marriage and makes Kelly Ripa giggle like no one else . Is it any wonder he 's a media darling ? The former NFL star is a rising star of another sort these days with gigs as co-host on the popular morning show "  Live with Kelly and Michael , " as a sports commentator and now reports that he may be joining "  Good Morning America . " Michael Strahan on verge of joining ` Good Morning America ' It 's an interesting trajectory for the 6-foot-5-inch , gap-toothed Strahan , who spent his entire professional athletic career playing for the New York Giants and proudly sports a Super Bowl championship ring . Strahan grew up in Germany , the son of a military man , and briefly played high school football after his family sent him to the States to live with relatives . After playing for Texas Southern University , he was drafted by the New York Giants , where he played from the 1993 to 2007 season . He enjoyed a 15-year career in the NFL and after retiring in 2008 , Strahan followed the route of many former athletes by venturing into sports commentary and signing on as an analyst with Fox Sports in 2008 . He also ventured into the world of acting with commercials for various entities including Vaseline , Subway and with the very short-lived Fox sitcom "  Brothers , " which premiered in 2009 . But it was multiple appearances guest-hosting on the then "  Live with Regis and Kelly " morning show that helped him secure a spot as co-host in 2012 after Regis Philbin retired . The pair have become favorites among fans with their easygoing chemistry and obvious adoration for each other . "  He really gets it , " Ripa told Katie Couric in an interview in 2012 after Strahan was selected following a massive search for her new co-host . "  He gets what we 're about . " "  It 's how it is all the time , " Strahan said of his relationship with Ripa , whom he calls his work wife . "  What you see on camera is what you get behind the scenes . " The former jock has also scored in his personal life . After two previous marriages , the second of which was so explosive it provided plenty of fodder for the New York tabloids , Strahan has been engaged for the past few years to Nicole Murphy , who has five children from her marriage to actor Eddie Murphy . Between Strahan and Murphy , the pair have nine children in their blended family . Appearing on "  Live with Kelly and Michael " in 2013 to promote her reality show "  Hollywood Exes , " Murphy shared 10 things most people did n't know about Strahan , including the fact that he ca n't "  stand to be tickled , " once had a pet pig and "  Michael loves to spoon . " Such romance is to be expected from a man who is very open about his love of at least one "  chick flick . " " ` The Notebook ' gets me every time , " Strahan told Elle magazine . "  It 's a great love story . Boy from the wrong side of the tracks . They get on each other 's nerves , but they ca n't live without each other . It almost makes me shed a tear . " Now it looks as if Strahan may be about to bring all that personality to "  Good Morning America . " He previously filled in for the show 's anchor , Robin Roberts , when she was on sick leave .	Strahan has gone from pro athlete to media darling Kelly Ripa has had praise for him as a co-host He is engaged to Eddie Murphy 's ex-wife
CNN  Five Muslim women stand tall in a boxing ring , slowly winding strapping around their hands . A spotlight is trained on them and the audience draws close , hanging on their every word . "  How can we be truthful if we have to hide out of shame , feel humiliated for feeling , for saying , doing , thinking as we please ? How can that be freedom , how can that be truth ? " Performed at Southbank Centre 's WOW -- Women of the World Festival -- Common Wealth Theatre 's "  No Guts , No Heart , No Glory , " tells the true story of Muslim female boxers from Bradford in the north of England , and how they are using the sport to transcend religious and gender barriers . The critically acclaimed show -- in which the women stamp , dance , shout , swear , punch , and even crowd surf -- was partly inspired by Ambreen Sadiq , a former UK national champion , and one of Britain 's first Muslim female boxers . Her journey to success was n't easy -- as a victim of bullying at the age of 13 she found respite in boxing after being introduced to it by her father and brother . "  I got bullied quite a lot growing up , my dad 's Pakistani and my mum 's Portuguese , " Sadiq told CNN . "  I got stick from both sides , from white and black people . I felt like I was n't accepted . I used to move schools so many times just to feel accepted . "  People would stay stuff about how I looked ... everyone said that 's a boy 's sport , what are you doing that for ? You 're going to look like a man , like a transsexual . "  I was bullied from such a young age , I felt like it was never going to stop . Boxing helped me to control that anger . " It was a transformative experience for Sadiq -- she went from being quiet , having few friends and getting into fights to plucking up courage to start conversations , and thereby build self confidence . "  Instead of punching someone in the face I 'd punch the bag , " she added . "  If anyone came up to me and said anything I could just walk away from it -- whereas before I 'd just straight punch them in the face or something . So it 's helped me a lot with discipline . " It 's sometimes hard to imagine Sadiq as a boxer -- her movements are calm and assured , and a kind smile is never far from her lips . "  Boxing has made me the person I am today , and I 'm so proud of the person I am , " said the 20-year-old trailblazer , who is now looked up to by girls from all kinds of communities wanting to follow in her footsteps . "  I 've had a lot of girls -- not just Asian girls -- coming up to me and asking , how do you stop people saying it 's a boy 's sport ? How can you convince your parents to let you box ? " While boxing for many is just a sport -- albeit a violent one -- when it comes to women and Muslims participating it can feel more like a cause , with Sadiq often finding herself explaining her motivation to girls . "  What 's the difference if a boy boxes or if a girl boxes ? When we 're in that ring we look like boxers -- we do n't look like a girl or a boy . "  You come into that gym , you come into that show , you come into that ring thinking I 'm a boxer , not that I 'm a girl or I 'm a boy . " The role of Nicola Adams -- the first ever female boxer to win an Olympic gold medal -- has also been key in the fight for acceptance . Sadiq tells the story of how several years ago her coach Alwyn Belcher , who also worked with Adams , originally refused to train women -- that is , until he turned up to coach the GB team  believing they 'd be men  only to find an enthusiastic bunch of women ready to work . "  That 's the day he met Nicola Adams , " recalls Sadiq with a laugh . "  He said from that day he thought girls were better boxers -- because they like to listen . " Since Adams ' success at the Olympic Games , females boxing once a week increased by 79 % according to a 2013 Sport England study , but even the production of "  No Guts , No Heart , No Glory " highlighted the barriers women potentially face . Cast member and aspiring medical student Freyaa Ali said there was a girl who had wanted to participate in the show , but was ultimately prevented from doing so by her relatives . "  It was n't even the boxing and it was n't even the speech , it was the dancing we do in the ring . I 'm incredibly lucky to be able to do this , and I was just so sad for her . You know there are certain women out there who ca n't do what we 're doing right now . " "  I think that 's what makes me even more passionate about doing this -- we want to give them a voice and give them a reason , so they know they can have confidence to do stuff like this . " If women do feel restricted by their religion or gender , Ali urged them to take things step by step . "  Go for it , just go for it . I think maybe talk to your parents first , and just tell them Mum , Dad , this is what I want to do , I want to box , I want to dance , I want to act , or whatever she wants to do . "  Tell them , you know what ? Its OK what I 'm doing , I 'm not going to be going out of my boundaries and doing bad things , I 'm going to stick to my limits and stick to my religion , it 's not harming anyone . "  My parents would say , if you 're happy , we 're happy . I think anyone 's parents would say that would n't they ? "  The first step is trying it and opening that door . Once you can open it an inch you can open it a mile . "	"  No Guts , No Heart , No Glory " is a play by Common Wealth Theatre that tells the true story of Muslim female boxers The performance was partly inspired by former UK national champion Ambreen Sadiq who experienced bullying and discrimination "  We want to give them a voice and give them a reason , so they know they can have confidence " says cast member Freyaa Ali about girls in boxing
In just the past week , questions over the IRS targeting of the tea party and other groups have reached a new level of volume and , frankly , confusion . This , after the tax agency revealed that it lost an unknown number of emails in the investigation due to hard drive crashes from years ago . The most wanted of those missing emails belong to Lois Lerner , who ran the IRS division in charge of tax-exempt status and was the highest-ranking official to be directly connected to the political targeting . Lerner has refused to testify about the controversy , invoking her constitutional right not to do so . Friday , IRS Commissioner John Koskinen will face sharp questions about the missing emails and hard drive crashes in an appearance before the House Ways and Means Committee . Here are some key things to know about the IRS controversy : What do we know about the missing Lois Lerner emails ? An unknown number of her emails , dating between 2009 and mid-2011 , are missing . The IRS notified Congress last week that they were lost when her computer hard drive crashed in 2011 . We do n't know exactly how many are missing because a  they are missing and b  the IRS has managed to retrieve 24,000 of the lost emails by searching through the accounts of dozens of other IRS employees who could have been included in those emails . Overall , the IRS has turned over 750,000 pages of documents in the investigation , including 67,000 emails . This investigation 's been going on for a year . When did the IRS know about these missing emails ? It depends who you ask . When CNN spoke with the IRS commissioner on Tuesday , John Koskinen said that agency investigators knew about the crashed Lerner hard drive in "  late spring . " But the House Ways and Means Committee insists that on that same day , the IRS told them it knew about the problem in February . It is not clear why the IRS waited to tell Congress . Wait . How exactly can government emails be lost forever ? Ah yes . Our first question too . During this time period  2009-2011  , the IRS capped how much material each employee could keep in an email account to about 1,800 emails . If the employee went above that capacity , the individual had to either delete emails or move them to their hard drive . All of them on Lerner 's hard drive were lost when it crashed . Government to revise proposed regulations on controversial tax-exempt groups But , did n't the emails stay on a server or somewhere else in the system ? The IRS has said no . That during this time period , the only system-wide email storage were backup tapes erased every six months . Thus the only permanent storage of emails was on employees hard drives . The agency changed this policy in May 2013 . How do we know Lerner 's hard drive really did crash ? The IRS has supplied CNN and others with emails between Lerner and the IT department during the time of the crash . At the end of a chain of emails , on August 5 , 2011 , an employee wrote , "  Unfortunately the news is not good . The sectors on the hard drive were bad which made your data unrecoverable . " Lerner replied , "  I really do appreciate the effort . Sometimes stuff just happens . " What happened to the hard drive ? Can the IRS double check for emails ? No . According to the Senate Finance Committee , the IRS told them that the hard drive has been "  recycled " and is no longer accessible . It is not clear if the hard drive is still in the agency 's possession . What about the other missing emails ? Did six other hard drives also crash ? The House Ways and Means Committee says that this past Monday , the IRS told them that the agency also lost emails belonging to six other IRS employees whose hard drives had also crashed . One of those six employees was particularly important : Nikole Flax , who had worked as chief of staff to the former head of the IRS . Flax was known to be involved in discussions about the tea party targeting . The agency told CNN : "  the IRS in recent days identified other instances where individuals had hard-drive issues . We are still assessing whether any of this data is permanently irretrievable , so it is premature to say that a significant amount of this data was lost as a result of these issues . " GOP-led House votes to hold former IRS official in contempt Why did n't the IRS tell everyone about the other missing emails ? That 's not clear . The IRS seemed to only tell one House committee , not other congressional groups , working on the issue . This is a particularly harmful aspect of the controversy to the IRS because the same day that the House committee says it learned of the additional missing emails , the two top senators investigating the matter sat down with Koskinen . And Sen. Orrin Hatch , a Utah Republican , says that neither Koskinen nor the staff with him mentioned the other missing emails . Hatch sent a letter to Koskinen Thursday expressing intense frustration . "  Clearly someone was aware of this information when we met and chose not to disclose it to me , " he wrote . Hatch later took to the Senate floor and said he did n't feel he could trust information from the IRS any longer . RNC files suit against IRS on Tax Day Back to all this email , is n't the IRS required to keep every communication ? Did the IRS break the law ? This could be a significant question and point of debate at Friday 's hearing . Federal regulation generally requires agencies to retain items of official record . The IRS insists that its email policy met that regulation and that the determination of what was "  official "  vs what was personal  was up to each employee . Thus , the agency asked Lerner and each IRS employee to move any "  official " email to their hard drive to be saved . Republicans have already indicated they are not satisfied with that answer . Is n't it hypocritical that the agency requiring taxpayers to keep receipts for three years only kept emails for six months ? Lawmakers are raising that precise point . In response , the IRS says it simply does not have the funds for enough server space to keep every e-mail permanently . Koskinen estimates that would cost up to $ 10 million . What is Congress doing about all this right now ? There are three committees looking into this . These efforts are led by Republicans with the exception of what has been a bipartisan investigation underway in the Senate Finance Committee . * House Ways and Means Committee : is holding its hearing . Chairman Dave Camp , a Michigan Republican , has also asked the White House to turn over any emails between its offices and Lerner and requested that the Department of Justice launch an investigation and audit into the hard drive crash . * House Oversight Committee : has issued a subpoena for Koskinen to appear at a hearing Monday , June 30 . The IRS has not officially responded yet . Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa , a California Republican , led the effort for the House to hold Lerner in contempt of Congress for not testifying about the targeting controversy . The committee is now waiting for the Justice Department to determine how it will handle the contempt charge . * Senate Finance Committee has put its bipartisan report on the IRS controversy on hold . It was nearly completed last week when the IRS told lawmakers about the Lerner hard drive crash . Hatch , the top Republican on the panel , has called for an independent investigation into how the IRS has handled congressional requests and the search for information about Lerner . Darrell Issa 's Democratic counterpart : You 're pulling a McCarthy in IRS case	New controversy erupts over the IRS targeting of conservative groups A House committee seeking answers about lost emails at a hearing on Friday Communications involving top level official Lois Lerner at center of latest flap
CNN  -- The maker of Benadryl and Tylenol has added five lots of the popular over-the-counter drugs to its growing list of recalled products , McNeil Consumer Healthcare announced Wednesday in a written statement . Saying the drugs were "  inadvertently omitted from the initial recall action " of January 15 , McNeil disclosed it was voluntarily recalling four lots of Benadryl Allergy Ultratab Tablets  100 count  and one lot of Extra Strength Tylenol Rapid Release Gels  50 count  . The Johnson and Johnson subsidiary said customers should call 1-888-222-6036 or use the website www.mcneilproductrecall.com for information on how to receive a refund or replacement product . The drugs were sold in the United States and in Bermuda , Puerto Rico , Trinidad and Tobago . McNeil said the "  risk of adverse medical events is remote . " Adverse event reports are consumer complaints of a serious side effect associated with the use of a medical product , according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . Adverse events could include death , hospitalization , disability and other health complications . The products were recalled because of an unusual odor associated with the chemical 2,4,6-tribromoanisole  TBA  that was applied to shipping pallets , the company said . McNeil 's other recalls in the past eight months were : -- In November , five lots of Tylenol Arthritis Pain 100 count with the EZ-open cap were recalled for unusual odor leading to nausea , stomach pain , vomiting and diarrhea . -- In December , the recall was expanded to include all product lots of Tylenol Arthritis Pain caplet 100 count bottles with the red EZ-open cap . -- In January , the recall was widened to an undisclosed number of Tylenol , Motrin and other over-the-counter drugs after complaints of consumers feeling sick from an odor . -- In May , 50 children 's versions of these nonprescription medicines were also recalled because of quality and safety concerns . Following the pediatric medicine recall , Johnson and Johnson suspended production at McNeil 's facility in Fort Washington , Pennsylvania , that manufactured the children 's drugs . The lot number can be found on the bottle label . The lot numbers for the products recalled Wednesday were ASA202 , AJA008 , ADA194 , ABA022 and ABA264 . It was unclear how many bottles were recalled Wednesday . The recalls have affected the availability of the drugs , CNNMoney reports . McNeil spokeswoman Bonnie Jacobs told CNNMoney that "  the pace of restocking is accelerating " following the January recall . The drug maker expects to be "  at close to normal levels of production toward the end of the second quarter , " Jacobs said .	Drugmaker recalls five batches of Benadryl , Tylenol sold in U.S. , 3 other countries McNeil has issued five recalls in the past eight months Company has set up website for consumers to get information on returning product Recalls have resulted in shortages of some of the company 's drugs
CNET  -- Google began offering an encrypted option for Web searchers on Friday and said it planned to roll it out for all of its services eventually . People who want to use the more secure search option can type "  https://www.google.com " into their browser , scrambling the connection so the words and phrases they search on , and the results that Google displays , will be protected from interception . The beta service of the secure Web search option begins in the United States on Friday and will be rolled out over the next few days to users around the world , said Murali Viswanathan , a Google search product manager . Friday 's announcement makes Google the first major search engine to offer this privacy-protective feature . AOL , Yahoo , and Microsoft currently do not . "  Some users will want the extra privacy and security this feature will offer , " Viswanathan said in an interview with CNET . "  But it 's not going to be the default option , at this point . There 's a lot of work to be done before we get there . " The encryption protects only data in transit between an individual 's browser and the Google search server . When people click on a search result and are directed to another Web site , they leave the encrypted channel . Offering encrypted connections to Google.com means that users in China and other regimes that engage in significant surveillance will -- assuming the connection is not blocked in the first place -- be able to conduct searches without governments knowing the search terms . The protected Web search service will feature a customized logo that includes an icon of a lock and "  SSL " which stands for Secure Sockets Layer , the technology used to encrypt the information as it travels between an individual 's computer and the Google search server . The SSL technology is typically used on banking and e-commerce Web sites . Google has always offered Gmail users the ability to use HTTPS  Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure  , which uses SSL , in the browser . The company enabled Gmail users to set it as a persistent preference in mid-2008 and offered it as an option for Google Docs , as well . It became the default for Gmail in January . People who choose the secure option on Google will only be able to get encryption for Web searches and not for other types of searches , such as Image Search and Maps , at least for now . As a result , links for those searches will not appear on the side or top of the search page when someone is in the secure search mode . The secure Web search option will slow down the initial connection a computer makes to the Google server , but it may be hardly noticeable to most people . It also means Google will have to use more processor power to handle the scrambling and unscrambling of the SSL connection , which is the biggest reason most Web sites do n't offer it as an option . The service does not protect data stored on an end user 's computer or at the Google server , and if someone has malware or a keylogger on the computer , Web search data and other information could be stolen or leaked . Google announced last week that it would offer encryption for Web search soon , in the wake of the news that vehicles for capturing Google Maps Street View images had mistakenly been collecting data from unsecured Wi-Fi networks for years . But Viswanathan said the timing of the encryption announcement was completely unrelated and that Google had been working on the Web search encryption offering for a few months . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Google began offering an encrypted option for Web searchers on Friday "  Https://www.google.com " scrambles the words and phrases you search on Secure Web search option will slow down the initial connection
A Los Angeles County jury found a retired police detective guilty of first-degree murder Thursday in the 1986 death of an alleged romantic rival who married the detective 's college sweetheart . Stephanie Ilene Lazarus , now 51 and retired after rising through the ranks of the Los Angeles Police Department , was accused of beating , biting and shooting to death Sherri Rasmussen , 29 , in her townhouse in the suburban San Fernando Valley . The judge scheduled sentencing for May 4 . Lazarus faces 27 years to life in prison , prosecutors said . Lazarus ' attorney said she will appeal the conviction . The attorney for the Rasmussen family said the murder investigation "  covered the arc of a generation " for 26 years . "  Today 's verdict absolutely confirms the identify of the person who murdered their daughter and the intent to which she committed the crime , " said John Taylor , the Rasmussen family lawyer . "  This trial has been a roller coaster for her husband and her family . The family is relieved of this verdict , " Taylor told reporters . The Rasmussen family will pursue civil action against the police department and the city of Los Angeles , Taylor said . The family has sued the police for failing to investigate one of their own officers , but a judge tossed out the case . The family is appealing . Los Angeles Police Chief Charlie Beck said the case was "  a tragedy on every level . " "  Not only did the family of Sherri Rasmussen lose a wife and a daughter , a life that can never be returned , but also the LAPD family felt a sense of betrayal to have an officer commit such a terrible crime , " Beck said in a statement . "  I am also sorry it took us so long to solve this case and bring a measure of justice to this tragedy , " Beck said . The 1986 case went cold for years . Then it was reopened in 2004 and again in 2009 . When Lazarus became a suspect , homicide detectives faced "  special challenges as Lazarus ' office was located next door to the detectives who were now investigating her , " a police department statement said Thursday . As the jury verdict was read convicting her of murder with a firearm , Lazarus showed no emotion , and she was n't handcuffed as authorities escorted her from the courtroom . Lazarus 's husband , with whom she has a daughter , walked out of the courtroom immediately after the verdict . Some of Lazarus ' relatives were crying as they exited . Her family was escorted by a plainclothes security detail . Rasmussen 's parents did n't express emotion at the verdict , either . Lazarus was charged with staging the crime scene to look like a burglary gone bad . Rasmussen , a hospital nursing supervisor , was the new bride of John Ruetten , who had been Lazarus ' college sweetheart . Ruetten was in the courtroom Thursday to hear the verdict , but he was emotionless . In their investigation of an officer within their own ranks , Los Angeles detectives solved the 23-year-old cold case after DNA testing in 2009 revealed a bite mark on the murder victim 's left forearm came from Lazarus , authorities said . Rasmussen , director of nursing at Glendale Adventist Medical Center , was shot three times in the chest on February 24 , 1986 , prosecutors said . Her husband of three months , Ruetten , discovered her body upon returning from work that evening , prosecutors said . Prosecutors argued that Lazarus was in love with Ruetten and distraught when she learned he was marrying someone else . "  The family of Sherri Rasmussen never gave up their quest for justice for their daughter , " District Attorney Steve Cooley said in a statement . He added that "  justice was served today . " Ruetten testified he casually dated Lazarus after college , but he never considered her a girlfriend and dated other women while seeing her , prosecutors said . Police had long believed Rasmussen was the victim of two male burglars , and the case was unsolved until 2009 . Lazarus , who was a veteran art theft detective , has remained in custody since her June 5 , 2009 , arrest at LAPD headquarters . Lazarus ' attorney , John Overland , argued in court that the crime scene evidence from 1986 was mishandled and tainted years ago and could n't be trusted . In speaking with reporters after the verdict , Overland stated : "  Clearly , because of the speed of deliberations , we never had a chance in this case . " When asked about the DNA evidence , Overland said : "  Clearly , it was the only piece of evidence linking her . "	Police feel "  betrayal " for officer committing "  such a terrible crime , " chief says Retired detective Stephanie Ilene Lazarus , 51 , will appeal murder conviction Lazarus is convicting of beating , biting and shooting to death Sherri Rasmussen Rasmussen , then 29 , was the bride of Lazarus ' college sweetheart
CNN  -- Authorities are interviewing a person in Texas in connection with threatening letters sent to President Barack Obama and New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg that are being tested for ricin , a person with knowledge of the investigation told CNN on Thursday . Officials on Wednesday intercepted a letter addressed to the president that was similar to letters sent to Bloomberg and a gun-control group he founded . The off-site facility that screens mail addressed to the White House turned the letter over to the FBI Joint Terrorism Task Force for testing and investigation , U.S. Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary said Thursday . The letter was addressed to Obama , the Secret Service said . The letters sent to Bloomberg and his group are suspected of containing a deadly toxin . Preliminary tests indicate ricin was found in the letters , New York Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne said Wednesday . "  You will have to kill me and my family before you get my guns , " the letters said , a law enforcement official told CNN . "  Anyone wants to come to my house will be shot in the face . The right to bear arms is my constitutional God-given right and I will exercise that right 'til the day I die . What 's in this letter is nothing compared to what I 've got planned for you , " the note inside each envelope said , according to the official . A memo the mayor 's office sent to employees Thursday said the envelope sent to Bloomberg "  contained a small amount of ricin , " which "  did not appear to be in a form that could be inhaled or otherwise readily ingested . Touching the envelope or letter should not be a risk . " If inhaled , injected or ingested , less than a pinpoint of ricin can kill a person in 36 to 48 hours by causing failure of the respiratory and circulatory systems . There is no known antidote for the toxin , which is derived from castor beans . What is ricin ? Officials have not said whether any such substance was found in the letter sent to the White House . The law enforcement official did not know the status of testing on anything found in the letter and did not disclose whether there was a message . But the source said the letter appears similar to the notes sent to Bloomberg and Mayors Against Illegal Guns . The letter sent to Obama was postmarked in Shreveport , Louisiana , the official said -- just like the letters to Bloomberg and his group , the law enforcement source said . The person who wrote the letters to Bloomberg and his group threatened anyone who tried to seize the writer 's guns would be "  shot in the face , " a source with knowledge of the letters said Thursday . New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said : "  We are assuming that the letters are ... from the same machine or the same computer . " He said there was no signature on the letter sent to New York . That letter was opened at the city government 's mail facility , in a biochemical containment box . The employee who handled the letter has no symptoms of illness , and there 's no reason to believe any employees are at risk from being in the building where it was delivered , the mayor 's office memo said Thursday . Bloomberg met with employees at the facility Thursday and "  thanked them for their dedication , " his office said . The letter to the mayor 's organization was opened by Mark Glaze , director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns , in Washington on Sunday . Glaze is doing fine , a spokeswoman for the group said Thursday . Opinion : Ricin , almost never deadly Suspected ricin has been included in letters in the past few months sent to Obama and other officials . In April , letters were sent to Obama ; Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi ; and Sadie Holland , a judge in Lee County , Mississippi . James Everett Dutschke of Tupelo , Mississippi , has been charged with possession and use of a biological agent in connection with that case . There have n't been any more ricin-type suspicious letters to lawmakers since the mailing to Wicker , Capitol Police in Washington said . In addition , a reminder was recently sent to lawmakers urging them to be careful at home and in their state offices . The new letter to Obama is not believed to be related to the Mississippi case , the law enforcement official said . Man , 37 , arrested in probe of ricin-laced letters in Washington state CNN 's Jim Acosta , Carol Cratty , Dana Bash , Ted Barrett and Alex Mooney contributed to this report .	NEW : Person in Texas is being questioned by authorities , a source tells CNN Secret Service confirms letter was addressed to President Obama Letter to Obama was postmarked in Shreveport , a law enforcement official says The letter is said to be similar to ones sent to Bloomberg
CNN  -- Passengers on a United Airlines flight from Brussels were quarantined at New Jersey 's Newark airport and later released this weekend over Ebola fears that turned out to be unwarranted . In this case and that of the Ebola patient in Dallas , government and our citizens struggle to define the parameters of the sanctioned suppression of individual liberty that is the quarantine . In the modern United States , the people boast unparalleled personal freedoms . Whether enumerated in the Constitution or "  penumbral , " the inalienable liberties of the individual are designed to never be overridden by the interests of the majority . Unless , of course , you are really , really sick . In that case , all those liberty and property rights we talk about ? Yeah , not so much . Government policies of quarantine and isolation raise the classic balancing test of the rights of the individual versus the security of the people . Nearly every law or regulation can be boiled down to this analysis in one form or another . The game changer here is that with an epidemic , the potential harm to the masses is tremendous , so large that it justifies virtually any invasion of individual rights . Indeed , when one man threatens mankind itself , individual liberties go out the window , and then that window is hermetically sealed . And as long as you are not that "  one man , " you are fine with that . Quarantine is perhaps the ultimate invasion of privacy by the state , but constitutionally , it 's an authorized intrusion . Under the police power granted it by the Tenth Amendment , states can quarantine and isolate a person , property , a geographic area , and even common carriers -- which are trains , buses and airlines . Some definitions : The difference between quarantine and isolation is that isolation applies to persons who are known to be ill with the contagious disease . Quarantine applies to people exposed to a contagious disease but who may not actually be sick . The United Airlines passengers were only quarantined . The state of Texas , on the other hand , has exercised its authority to swiftly isolate Thomas Eric Duncan , the Liberian citizen who is ill with Ebola . Of course , Texas would prefer you use their euphemistic moniker "  control measures " . See how much less invasive that sounds than "  quarantine " or "  isolation " ? Sometimes government words can sooth government action . Of course , the authority to quarantine is not unlimited . State quarantine statutes are subject to some constitutional constraints . The Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments require some "  due process " before depriving citizens of constitutionally protected liberty interests . In Texas , that just means an order . Not an order obtained from a judicial or democratic process , but a form filled out by the appropriate health official and served on the persons to be isolated or quarantined . From there , the state 's power to enforce these control measures is practically limitless and includes criminal penalties . There are collateral effects to quarantine and isolation . When people are confined to their homes , they are deprived of property rights and the right to earn an income . Currently only a few states have enacted laws providing any job security to quarantined employees . And Texas has no requirement that quarantined persons be reimbursed for the consequences of being isolated . Texas and other courts permit an individual to challenge his or her isolation or quarantine by a petition for a "  writ of habeas corpus , " asking a court to declare that the quarantine law is unconstitutional or violates due process . Courts will defer to the state 's police power and public health decisions unless they are "  arbitrary , oppressive and unreasonable . " That does n't mean it 's without precedent : if the state can not show good enough reason , some courts have struck down a quarantine . While the process may not overall feel very protective of individual rights , contagious diseases force a sobering realization . "  Due process " is ultimately a fluid concept , defined by the circumstances . In this case , we balance Duncan 's liberty interests against the governmental interest served by the restraints , and ask whether the measures are reasonably calculated to achieve the government 's aims . With the nation whipped up into a fear over Ebola-calypse , most people will support the government 's authority to impose these control measures , even when it appears undefined or limitless . But the Constitution is not the only check on the broad state authority to impose control measures . State power is ultimately limited by the people ; control measures must have public support and cooperation . Isolating a single Liberian is one thing . On the other hand , quarantining a population any larger than a cul-de-sac or a passenger jet is going to require a modicum of public support . If not , then , no amount of statutory or regulatory authority can prevent a popular revolt , short of the National Guard , assuming they have n't taken ill too . The truth is , we do n't ask about the limits of the quarantine power because we really do n't want to have to find out . How far can Texas "  control measures " go ? More appropriately , how far will we , as citizens , allow them to go ? It raises an interesting legal and moral question , one any fan of the zombie genre has wondered about : If one of our citizens is living but fatally infected , and will harm others if allowed to live out their doomed life , does the state 's broad authority include authority to terminate the infected ? At what point would we be comfortable with that ? In the zombie movies , it 's a no-brainer : generally , as soon as the group knows someone 's infected , execution follows . And it 's not always humane . Do n't think we 're above that in the real world . If the life of one threatens millions , does the state 's police power authorize the pre-emptive taking of that one life ? Constitution aside , the view of quarantine that we all really hold is one we wo n't admit to : in the case of Ebola , we endorse any suppression of the rights of the individual ... until that individual is "  me " . Then , we may all become champions of individual rights .	Danny Cevallos : People tend to think of constitutional rights as unlimited In fact , he says , people can be deprived of their liberties if they may carry a contagious disease Passengers on a jet at Newark were quarantined until Ebola was ruled out Cevallos : Rights of the individual can be subordinated to those of society as a whole
CNN  "  I 'm in love with cities I 've never been to and people I 've never met . " It 's a quote that you may have seen online , attributed to best-selling author John Green . The sentiment is certainly thought-provoking , but there 's one problem : Green never wrote it . The writer , whose hit book "  The Fault in Our Stars " was made into a hit movie last summer , made the revelation in a YouTube video he posted on Tuesday , after only recently having realized what he said was a mistake . "  When I saw the quote , I assumed it came from -LSB- my book -RSB- ` Paper Towns , ' " he said . "  People kept sourcing it as coming from ` Paper Towns . ' " The quote originally popped up on the social network Tumblr , which like other social media is a haven of quotes , both real and not-so-real . Because of what he says was a mistaken belief , Green sold posters of the quote , attributing it to himself . He said he did not remember writing the line , but he does n't remember writing a lot of things he wrote years ago . In the video , he said , "  Instead of blindly assuming something I 'd written , something the Internet said I wrote , I should have done some research . " He was alerted to the fact on Reddit , learning that a teenage fan of his , Melody Truong , had come up with the quote in 2009 , and Green was then given credit by many people online as the quote went viral over the years . Green was upset that Truong was being accused of stealing his quote : "  I 'm the thief ! " he proclaimed . Oddly enough , Green said he determined he had never written the line after illegally downloading and digitally searching a copy of "  Paper Towns " for the quote . Green fell on his sword in the video , and added that Internet culture as a whole is guilty of this sort of thing . "  We do an epically bad job of acknowledging one another 's work and checking our sources . " Green is retroactively paying royalties from sales of the posters to Truong , who learned about the quote being misattributed a few years ago , but did n't think much of it . "  They were just little graphics with the quote on top of images , typical Tumblr stuff , " she said . Once posters of the quote were sold , "  I felt a bit hurt , " said Truong , who is now 18 . Truong tried to reach out to Green to no avail , but last week her friend posted about it to Reddit and Green responded . "  I 'm still in a state of shock about the situation , actually , " she said . "  I never expected any of this to happen . I 've always looked up to John Green as a role model . I know that if this happened to me with another person or company , nothing of this caliber would have occurred . He is the prime example of a wonderful person . " Attempts to reach Green through his publicist were not answered .	Best-selling author John Green confesses he did n't write a quote widely attributed to him Green was selling posters based on the quote Green 's "  The Fault in Our Stars " was adapted into a hit movie in 2014
CNN  -- In 1917 , at age 24 , Leo Foster went from being a musician to an instrument of war . The La Crosse , Wisconsin , native is n't in any textbook . His name did n't go down in history like MacArthur or Patton . But on Veterans Day , and every day , retired U.S. Navy Capt. Gary Foster remembers his grandfather . There are no more surviving World War I veterans . They were largely remembered in the 1920s and 1930s , but after World War II , the forgetting began , said Jennifer Keene , author and Chapman University professor . As time passes , their stories become lost , except for the families that preserve their words , photographs and memories . Some relatives reach out to the American Legion , which was created by World War I veterans , to share stories in its publication , Legiontown . It was an avenue that allowed Gary Foster to first share his grandfather 's story . "  The American Legion constitution includes ` to preserve the memories and incidents of our associations in the great wars , ' " said Henry Howard , editor of Legiontown . "  If we do n't share these stories , they 'll be gone . " Through Gary Foster and historians , a picture of his grandfather 's war experience emerges , and how the lessons from the first world war still reverberate a century after it began . A world on fire A love of music set the tone for Leo Foster 's life . Along with his two sisters , Mary and Cunigunda , Leo enjoyed performing in a musical trio . And had not America joined World War I , Gary suspects that his grandfather might have continued hosting community performances . But Leo saw the writing on the wall and registered . It would n't be an easy decision for him . Tragedy had surrounded the Foster family early . His father , John , had died in 1895 . His mother , Barbara , had lost an infant son a year earlier . And now , the man of the house would leave his family . But protecting his family was also a big motivation for Leo . "  The war in some ways was really a war for family , " said Andrew Huebner , a University of Alabama associate professor and author . "  The public culture around the war was draped in familial metaphors , a war to defend women and children from deprivation . " The doughboys , as American troops were called , became youthful , iconic symbols for the nation . Because of exemptions from the draft , many of the men were sons , rather than fathers or husbands , Huebner said . Leo left his community for the first time to attend training camp . Camps were dangerous themselves , with the threat of disease such as the influenza epidemic , according to Keene , the Chapman University professor . After camp , shipping overseas was also hazardous , with waters infested with German U-boats keen to sink ships full of troops . Leo landed in the strange new setting of France in May 1918 . He was surrounded by African , Vietnamese and Chinese troops , which would shift his view of the world . It was a hybrid army of less experienced American volunteers and conscripts melded with war-weary troops who had already endured three years of trench warfare . It was also a war of hybrid technology , Keene said . There were modern machine guns , poison gas , tanks , aircraft and submarines , but many artillery pieces were pulled into positions by horses , Keene said . Communication was key , so armies relied on sounds . A series of counteroffenses had pushed troops back toward Germany , and trenches were abandoned , rendering telephone and telegraph wires useless . Bugle calls were an old form of communication , but the archaic became necessary , Keene said . Leo 's musical talent enabled him to become a bugler with the 32nd Division . Removing his gas mask , he used bugle calls for signaling advance , attack , charge and retreat as well as for mustering the troops . Leo was a main target for enemy troops . Knocking out communication in the heat of battle could further disrupt troops already shaken by the confusing fog of war . Leo 's division saw heavy fighting and some of the worst battles at the end of the war . On August 1 , 1918 , Leo was wounded during the Aisne-Marne Offensive by shrapnel in his arms , chest and legs . Officials sent a notice to his family that Leo had been killed in action , and his grandmother raised a flag over their home , honoring his life and service . Three days later , the Red Cross arrived to say that the message had been delivered in error , and that Leo was alive . But given the severity of his injuries , his family worried that he might not survive . Leo wrote home often , brushing off the injuries and letting everyone know that he was improving . Read one of his letters  PDF Near the end of September , Leo rejoined the fighting in time for one of the most well-remembered battles of World War I -- the Meuse-Argonne Offensive . The fighting broke through the German line and pushed back through five miles of territory . It was n't long afterward that an armistice was declared . Leo received the Wound Chevron , gold stripes that were worn on the cuff	As time passes , the stories of many World War I veterans have become lost Gary Foster shares the experience of his grandfather , a World War I bugler The American Legion and the War Letters Project allow these stories to be shared
New York  CNN  -- Six months ago , a Long Island convenience store owner turned a would-be robbery into an act of compassion . On Wednesday , the shoplifter made amends with a $ 50 bill and a thank you letter for saving him from a life of crime . The story began in May 2009 , when Mohammad Sohail of Shirley , New York , was closing his Shirley Express convenience store one night . Security camera footage from that evening shows a man wielding a baseball bat barging into the store and demanding money . Sohail had a rifle ready and quickly aimed it directly in the robber 's face , forcing the man to drop the bat and lay on the ground . Unbeknownst to the man , Sohail never loads his gun . According to Sohail , the man immediately started to plead with him , tearfully saying , "  I 'm sorry , I have no food . I have no money . My whole family is hungry . Do n't call the police . Do n't shoot me . " "  When I see him starting crying -LSB- those -RSB- things , I really feel bad for him , " said Sohail . "  I say , oh man , this is something different . " Sohail made the man pledge never to rob anybody ever again , then gave the man $ 40 and a loaf bread . Sohail , who is from Pakistan , said the man then wanted to be a Muslim like him , so he recited an Islamic oath and gave the would-be robber the name Nawaz Sharif Zardari . Sohail went to get some milk , but when he returned the man had fled with the money and food . Both Mohammad Sohail and Suffolk County Police have no idea who the man is . After the May incident , Sohail explained that he will "  absolutely not " be pressing charges , though police are still investigating the case . Over the past six months , Sohail 's story of sympathy and kindness has inspired many across the country . The Shirley Express store has received numerous letters of admiration . "  No person has ever moved my spirit the way you did . From your biggest admirer , " one letter says . "  Great men are capable of great acts . You are a great American , " another reads . He has also received several checks with such messages for "  a couple hundred dollars " in total , says Sohail . He has made a point to give this money "  to the people " by offering free bagels , rolls and coffee in his store every night after 9 o'clock . But the envelope that arrived on Wednesday came as a surprise . Postmarked November 11 without a return address , it enclosed a $ 50 bill and a note apparently from the would-be robber . The typed letter begins , "  You change My Life  sic  , " and goes on to say that the man is sorry for his actions six months ago . "  At the time I had No money No food on my table No Job , and nothing for my family . I know that it was wrong , but I had know  sic  choice . I needed to feed My family . When You had That gun to my head I was 100 % that I was going to die , " reads the letter . The letter says Sohail 's acts inspired him to become a "  True Muslim " and that his life has changed dramatically . "  I 'm very happy that somebody got to change his life , " Sohail said . "  If he is a maybe criminal , maybe is not anymore . So now he is a good person in this community and I 'm very glad for that . He 's staying out of trouble , he 's not in a jail , he 's taking care of his family . " CNN 's Mary Snow and Shirley Zilberstein contributed to this report .	Would-be robber sends letter of thanks , $ 50 to shopkeeper who gave him food , money , let him go Man broke into sobs , said he was trying to feed family when Mohammed Sohail pulled out gun Letter begins with , "  You change my life , " says Sohail inspired him to become a "  true Muslim "
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. Navy drone crashed Monday in a marsh near Salisbury , Maryland . The RQ-4A Global Hawk drone crashed during a routine training flight from Naval Air Station Patuxent River , according to Jamie Cosgrove , a spokeswoman for the Unmanned Aviation and Strike Weapons Program at the base . There were no injuries to civilians and no property damage , said the Navy , which said it is investigating the cause . Video from CNN affiliate WBOC showed smoke rising from brush fires in the unpopulated area . The drone crashed into a tributary of the Nanticoke River , a U.S. Coast Guard official said . The crash site has been blocked to recreational boat traffic while the agency investigates , the Coast Guard official said . As soon as Navy personnel lost contact with the unmanned vehicle , a piloted aircraft was dispatched to Maryland 's Eastern Shore , where it came upon the wreckage and determined that it was unlikely anyone on the ground had been hurt , Navy officials told CNN . The crash occurred at about 12:11 p.m. , near Bloodworth Island in Dorchester County , the Navy said . The aircraft is one of five aircraft acquired from the Air Force Global Hawk program . The BAMS-D program has been developing tactics and doctrine for the employment of high-altitude unmanned patrol aircraft since November 2006 . The drone can fly for 30 hours without refueling at altitudes as high as 11 miles . It is typically used for reconnaissance . Of the five drones based at southern Maryland 's Naval Air Station Patuxent River , four are in routine training and one is deployed with the U.S. Navy Fifth Fleet , the officials said . The basic RQ-4A Global Hawk UAV , manufactured for the U.S. Air Force by Northrop-Grumman , is the largest and most advanced drone in the U.S. military , according to the Navy . It is 44 feet long , has a 116-foot wingspan and weighs 25,600 lbs . The vehicles cost $ 176 million apiece , the Government Accountability Office reported in 2010 . Crashes are highly unusual , Navy officials said .	NEW : No one was hurt and no property was damaged , the Navy says NEW : The drones cost $ 176 million apiece Navy drone crashes near Salisbury , Maryland The RQ-4A Global Hawk was on a training mission , the Navy says
COPENHAGEN , Denamrk  CNN  -- Actress Connie Nielsen hit the big time when she starred in "  Gladiator " as Lucilla , sister of the deranged Emperor Commodus . Since then she has appeared in hit movies including "  One Hour Photo " and "  The Hunted " . Connie Nielsen has always refused to play the Hollywood fame game . But Nielsen has refused to play the Hollywood fame game and seems drawn to challenging roles in controversial movies , including "  The Situation " , about the current Iraq war , and "  Battle in Seattle " , about the anti-globalization riots that took place in Seattle in 1999 . Nielsen now lives in the US and returns to Copenhagen every year . She talks to My City , My Life about what makes the city , and its people , so special . CNN : How do you define yourself ? Connie Nielsen : I absolutely refuse the fame part of my business . I refuse even the money side of my business . I try to do as good work as I can do , I try to grow in my art and reach for truth . That 's what I want from my art , that 's what I aspire to . I try to combine my work with my family , that 's what I aspire to . I do n't say that 's the only thing . It 's not all work and family , because otherwise you would be saying no to the many other things in life and there are many other things . CNN : The people here are supposed to be incredibly happy -- what do you think ? Connie Nielsen : I think it 's funny in a way because when I grew up here it was very unusual to hear the word "  happiness " . If you asked somebody , "  what do you wish for in life ? " they would n't say "  happiness . " I would have answered "  excitement , knowledge , " God knows -- I mean , many , many different things , but certainly not "  happiness " . It seemed like a foreign concept to wish for something that specific and that singular . And I think that a lot of Danes kind of feel like that about being the happiest people in the world . CNN : Is there anything you 'd like to change about the city ? Connie Nielsen : Anywhere there are social buildings that stuff people into boxes , concentrate poor people there . It 's specific to any big city . There was an effort to create buildings that concentrate these people very closely , and their social problems . They are still around in New York , Paris , London and here too . So if I could change anything about Copenhagen , or any other major big city , I would change the way we build buildings or housing for lower income people . I do n't think people who are already burdened with social , economic , psychological situations , dysfunctional families , need to be burdened with other people with the same problems . CNN : Is the city politically driven ? Connie Nielsen : I do n't think I can remember a moment in my life where people did n't discuss politics . People discuss politics at the table . I think some of the first information I received was politically charged  laughs  . It was at a time when girls were being told , "  Why do n't you go and learn how to repair machines rather than learn to repair your jumper ? Why do n't you learn to cut wood rather than learn to keep a house clean ? " in school . It was to make us conscious of what we were , how we defined ourselves and why you would accept one concept of yourself rather than another . Have you searched through the truth of that concept ? Have you deconstructed ? Have you made sure that its foundations are valid ? That 's how I grew up and I think it was wonderful . CNN : How would you describe the city architecturally ? Connie Nielsen : It 's everything here from very late renaissance to this 19th century golden age we had here . It 's that , intermixed with pure Danish modernism . I love the juxtaposition of it all . I love when we bring in metaphors for our past as well . CNN : A lot of the places you have taken us to have been very romantic , do you think there is a fairy tale quality to Copenhagen ? Connie Nielsen : An alternative society ... yes I do , I do feel that . I do feel that most things are possible here . I can dream here . I can imagine . CNN : What is it about the city that makes people creative ? Connie Nielsen : Well , we have a very , very long winter and it gets a little boring , so you better think of something to do ! It can get deathly boring , so you start using your imagination . Sometimes it 's necessity that produces it , because you need to do something . CNN : Is there something about the people here that want to change things for the better ? Connie Nielsen : I think so -- I think we 're an idealistic people . I think there are disillusioned people everywhere , there are doubters everywhere , but I do think there are constructive people here ; I do think that people believe in people . CNN : Do you take any inspiration from the city ? Connie Nielsen : Yes , yes I do . Whenever I come back here I remember that I want to write poetry  laughs  . I want to take more time to sit and paint some more . I want to do so many more things whenever I come back -- I 'm always reminded of that when I come here . CNN : You 've lived in lots of cities all over the world and still do . Why is Copenhagen special to you ? Connie Nielsen : I was born here and it 's the capital of my home country . It 's also immensely beautiful . Many of my friends live here and much of my partner 's family lives here too and so we bring our kids back here every year . It holds all the museums that hold our history , our culture , and I take our children there and I go there for my own pleasure all the time . I love going to museums . I love this city and I love cities that are on the water . I love the water element , specifically the sea . I grew up on the sea and I grew up sailing -- I love sailing -- and the presence of the sea gives the air and the light a very special quality that I absolutely adore . CNN : It seems that for a small place it has a lot of cultural influence . Connie Nielsen : Yes , it 's sort of a little pearl in the middle of the seas . There 's a lot of traffic through this place , from the east , west , north and south . And we are the southern part of the north , so everything from the south comes up here on its way towards the north , and the opposite . And it has left its mark . We are definitely some kind of place where culture is being deposited over and over and over again , but it also springs from here . It 's the kind of place that attracts creative people and so it springs from here too . CNN : If Copenhagen was a person , how would you describe it ? Connie Nielsen : If Copenhagen were a person , that person would be generous , beautiful , elderly , but with a flair . A human being that has certain propensities for quarrelling , filled with imagination and with appetite for the new and with respect for the old -- somebody who takes good care of things and of people .	Connie Nielsen says she refuses the fame and money side of acting She says the long winters mean the residents have to be creative Copenhagen is full of history and culture , and Nielsen loves its museums The city is very beautiful and the light has "  a very special quality , " she says
CNN  -- It 's the dark days that Oliver Wilson remembers most . The phone calls with his psychologist where the tears flowed , the moment his wife Lauren sat him down and told him he could give up the game of golf , that he had nothing left to prove . He boasted an unenviable place in the record books : the most runner-up spots in European Tour history without a win , having finished second nine times in 227 tournament starts . And then there was the accolade of being the only Ryder Cup representative -- he played for Europe at Valhalla in 2008 -- not to have won a title . However , in a career of unlucky numbers , the Englishman will forever remember 228 -- which marked his long-awaited breakthrough victory and the lifting of a cloud of depression that threatened to end his playing days . It came this month at St. Andrews , as the 34-year-old held off the world 's best player , Rory McIlroy , to win the prestigious Alfred Dunhill Links Championship and rocket 636 places up the world rankings from 792nd . As he walked down the 18th fairway at the home of golf , running through his mind was the thought that he would soon be hearing from the legendary Gary Player , a nine-time major winner with a propensity to tweet each weekend 's big tournament winner . For the first time in Wilson 's life , he was the social media recipient . He calls it a "  Cinderella story " and it is just that . Things started to go horribly wrong when he missed qualifying for the 2012 European Tour by a single shot in Wales . He returned to the locker room and burst into tears . "  There were some very dark times , " he says on reflection . "  Last year was very rough on us  Wilson and his wife  . It was hard , very stressful at home . " Wilson was shelling out money just to play golf . He estimates that , prior to St. Andrews , he had spent about $ 120,000 over two years merely traveling to tournaments -- and banked barely half of that before tax from a smattering of prize money . He is not looking for sympathy -- after all , he admits he is unlucky enough to have banked enough money from past results to be financially secure . "  I remember Lauren said to me , ` It 's okay if you do n't want to do it and do n't enjoy it . ' And I hated it . I did n't want to go and play , " he says . "  I worked harder than ever before in practice and in the gym , and it only made it worse . In some ways being at events was easy . The pressure was off , I knew I 'd turn up , play two rounds , not make the cut and go home . " Until St. Andrews , where in 2009 he tied for second with McIlroy at the same event , Wilson had not carded a single round under par in two months . Perhaps a tad ironic for a golfer who had hit rock bottom , it was fellow European Tour professional Robert Rock that came to his aid . Rock sent a lengthy email missive detailing his compatriot 's swing , likening it to that of McIlroy and Tiger Woods , and highlighting where he had gone wrong with it . With the new tips on board , Wilson put them into practice the following day and immediately broke the course record , albeit at a second-tier European Challenge Tour event in Kazakhstan . "  I thought , ` We could be on to something here . ' I owe it all to him , " Wilson says . He was not able to follow up his success at last weekend 's rain-shortened Portugal Masters , where only two rounds were possible , but he has had time to reflect on the $ 800,000 pay check -- which took him past $ 8 million in career prize money -- and what it means for him . For one thing , he has secured his place on the European Tour for the next two years , and entry into two World Golf Championship events . Wilson had always said his aspiration was to buy an Aston Martin when he won a tournament . Now it has happened , he does not intend to be so frivolous . For him , the money is not the key thing . "  I 'd always dreamed of winning at St. Andrews -- the  British  Open or the Dunhill Links Championships -- but this time it happened . " It will go down as one of the most popular victories of the season , all and sundry tweeting and texting to pass on their congratulations to one of the sporting feelgood stories of 2014 . McIlroy -- the man he pipped to the title -- was among those to congratulate Wilson , as well as European Ryder Cup star Ian Poulter , who tweeted : "  I ca n't tell you how happy every player on Tour will be for Oliver Wilson winning the Dunhill Links . It 's been a long road back . " Aptly , the tournament ended in him driving away from St. Andrews in a Skoda while the world 's golfing elite took off in their private jets . But now he says he feels he can "  take on the world " -- a far cry to the past two seasons when he needed a psychologist to "  keep me going while I was breaking down over the phone . I did n't know what to do . " That he was at St. Andrews at all was somewhat fortuitous -- Wilson needed a late invite from the organizers . "  I was nervous on the Saturday but not on the Sunday until the final two holes , " he recalls . "  The big thing was making a four on the 17th , I 'd avoided the big danger . I remember hitting the three wood on the 18th and I just did n't have any feeling of how it was , like you normally would . "  It was the same with the approach , there was just no feedback -- it was bizarre . I thought I was set for another playoff  he has lost all four he has been in  but Tommy Fleetwood 's putt slid just wide and that was it . I was in bits . " Unbeknown to him , his wife had traveled to Scotland to watch his final round , and Wilson only spotted her as he left the final green . "  I 'm glad I did n't know she was there until then , " he says . "  I remember I was looking at the ground as I was crying but then I looked up and she appeared . That was amazing , to know she 'd had that belief in me to come up there . "  I think a lot of people think golfing wives are trophy wives but we 're a team and she 's been through it all . She 's been a massive influence . " Wilson 's golfing roller coaster is finally back on the upswing . At his previous peak six years ago he was a member of the last European team to lose the Ryder Cup , but he did not foresee how his fortunes would plummet . "  I felt incredible , like anything could happen , " he says of that time . "  I saw other players struggle and I thought , ` That wo n't happen to me . ' " But then it did and he feared he would never get his game back . However , he is now targeting a place in the European Tour 's top 30 and the hope of playing at his first major tournament since 2010 . After all , next year the British Open will be held at his new lucky course -- St. Andrews .	Oliver Wilson wins his first European Tour tournament at the 228th attempt Golfer had considered walking away from the sport after a dismal run of form He admitted being in tears after rounds of golf as his past form completely vanished Now he is $ 800,000 richer and feels he can take on the golfing world in 2015
CNN  -- The bid process has been by far the most controversial that FIFA has ever overseen . Its decision to decide the fate of both the 2018 and 2022 bids at the same time has been widely criticized for encouraging vote collusion between bids -- an accusation FIFA deny . But it was the revelations by the British newspaper the Sunday Times that has marred the process . Undercover journalists secretly filmed two members of FIFA 's then 24-strong executive committee allegedly offering to sell their votes . Amos Adamu of Nigeria and Reynald Temarii of Tahiti were both suspended by FIFA 's ethics panel following the revelations , reducing the voting number to 22 . The same ethics panel also cleared the Qatar 2022 and the Spain-Portugal 2018 bid from colluding to vote for each other , allegations that had been made following the Sunday Times investigation . Another investigation by the British press , closer to the bid date , has made further uncomfortable accusations about three other FIFA members . Last Monday the BBC alleged that Issa Hayatou , president of the Confederation of African Football , Nicolas Leoz , president of the South American football confederation and Ricardo Teixeira , head of the Brazilian football association , all took bribes during the 1990s . The finding by FIFA is just the latest chapter in the ongoing story of the World Cup bidding process which crescendos with the vote on Thursday . Bribery scandal shows that FIFA must change CNN takes a pictorial look at the key events since the bidding process for both tournaments began at the start of 2009 .	FIFA 's ethics committee bans two executive committee members after claims of bribery Amos Adamu and Reynald Temarii accused of offering their World Cup votes for sale Four other officials also suspended ahead of votes for hosts of 2018 and 2022 events FIFA rules that there was no evidence of collusion between rival bid teams
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Japan 's main trading index , the Tokyo Nikkei , plunged more than 7 % Thursday , ending a red-hot rally that saw the bourse climb nearly 50 % since the start of the year . Investors reacted to negative news from the United States and China . U.S. Fed Chair Ben Bernanke left an open question on whether quantitative easing would end earlier than hoped , while new China data revealed factory activity fell the first time in seven months . Though questions loom over the world 's first and second largest economies , analysts and economists agree that for Japan , the world 's third largest , things are just fine -- despite this week 's stock slump . The fact that investors pulled out is "  a sign of health rather than a sign of worry , " said Jesper Koll , Director of Japan Equity Research at JPMorgan in Tokyo . "  When markets go one way then it 's time to be concerned . The  Nikkei  has been up basically 70 % over the last seven months . " In the history of global stock markets , such a major rally is very rare , added Koll . Since World War II , similar events have happened less than eight times . A correction was due . "  This looks like the selloff that so many on the sidelines have been waiting for , " said Nicholas Smith , CLSA 's Japan Strategist in Tokyo . "  The Topix was undoubtedly overbought . " Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's fiscal policies for growth and inflation -- known to many now as Abenomics -- are not to blame so much as financial quakes and questions from the world 's other major economies . In support of Abenomics , the Bank of Japan this past Wednesday affirmed its own policies to buy long-term debt and securities . The move would double the central bank 's monetary base over two years . "  Such conduct of monetary policy will support the positive movements in economic activity and financial markets , contribute to a rise in inflation expectations , and lead Japan 's economy to overcome deflation that has lasted for nearly 15 years , " the bank said in its policy statement . During those years of deflation and up through Abe 's election to the premiership in December 2012 , Japan had a fiscal policy of "  musaku " or "  no policy " -- "  all talk but no action , " explained JPMorgan 's Koll . Now "  the most import thing is that Japan does have a policy . With Abe there is action . That 's what has been making investors confident . " Signs of proof can be found in the return to profit of some of Japan 's exporters , in part due to the yen 's weakening against the U.S. dollar past the 100-yen mark . Toyota , the world 's biggest automaker , reported net income of $ 9.7 billion in the fiscal year that ended March 31 -- more than triple its earnings from the year prior . Panasonic forecasts a net income of nearly $ 500 million in the 2014 fiscal year , versus a net loss of some $ 7 billion in 2013 . "  We think they  corporate profits  are going to rise by about 50 % over the next twelve months , " said Koll , who also forecasts Japan 's Topix -- considered more representative of Japan 's stock markets -- will climb to 1,400 by the end of 2013 -- a rise of nearly 17 % .	Koll : Tokyo Nikkei 7 % plunge Thursday more ` sign of health ' than ` sign of worry ' Nikkei has rallied 46 % since the start of 2013 thanks to PM Abe 's fiscal policies Japan 's central bank affirmed buying of long-term debt in support of Abe JP Morgan forecasts Japan 's Topix to climb 17 % by end of 2013
CNN  -- Five people were arrested as tensions flared again in Ferguson , Missouri , with people threatening officers , shooting at them , throwing rocks and bottles , and one person tossing a Molotov cocktail at a parking structure , police say . Two officers were injured , one struck by a rock below the eye , Capt. Ron Johnson of the Missouri Highway Patrol said . And a business owner said looters tried to make off with his cash register . It was the third time the business had been broken into in the last six weeks , Johnson said . The St. Louis suburb has been in the national spotlight since August , when Officer Darren Wilson shot 18-year-old Michael Brown in the street . Protests carried on for weeks and , in the days just after the shooting , devolved into looting , vandalism and arrests . The tenor of the demonstrations eventually calmed , but on Tuesday , tensions flared again . Protesters said they were angry that one of three makeshift memorials at the site where Brown was shot burned earlier in the day . Across town , about 2 miles from the normal protest route , a museum and custard shop called the Whistle Stop was set on fire , and "  gasoline appears to have been poured around that facility , " Johnson said . Officers were able to douse the small fire with a garden hose , the trooper said . The St. Louis County Bomb and Arson Squad was called in to investigate , CNN affiliate KSDK reported . Complete coverage on Ferguson Last month , the Whistle Stop 's owner , Charles Stark , 26 , spoke to CNN and described Ferguson as a place that bands together in tough times , "  neighbor helping neighbor . " Back on the protest route , police faced threats to their safety as violent people amid the protest made threatening remarks "  about shooting police , about burning down the town , " Johnson said . When some of the people making threats got too close to officers , "  the decision was made to disperse the crowd , " he said . One person was arrested for assault , inciting a riot and failure to disperse , Johnson said , adding that he could n't remember why the other four were arrested , but he believed it was for failure to disperse . The cause of the fire at the memorial remains under investigation . In a statement , Police Chief Thomas Jackson said one of his sergeants responded to the fire and attempted to put it out with a portable fire extinguisher before alerting the Fire Department . "  We 're all saddened by the fire that was reported at one of the Michael Brown memorials this morning and are trying to obtain as much information as possible to determine what happened , " the statement said . Some protesters , however , already had ideas about what happened . "  We know it was n't an accident . You know how many people live over there that seen it from the beginning ? I mean it 's just a big ol' flame . You could tell the way it was set , " a protester told KSDK . Johnson bristled at the suggestion that police were responsible for or ambivalent about the fire , saying numerous residents "  stood there for 11 minutes watching it burn . " Some residents went door-to-door telling people that police were behind the blaze when they "  could 've put it out with a cup of water , " he said . It was in that area , along Canfield Drive , that police in bulletproof vests saw muzzle flashes as people fired at them . "  I was there . I took cover , " Johnson said . Officers will continue to strive to protect public safety as well as the freedoms of speech and expression , Johnson said , but if certain violent elements among the protesters -- and he stressed that most of the demonstrators were , indeed , peaceful -- authorities will have no choice but to respond . "  If that means officers will respond in riot gear , they will , " he said . "  We can not have nights like last night . We ca n't have actions like last night that can result in injury or death . Those will not be tolerated . "	Five people arrested , two officers injured , one hit in the face with a rock , police say Ferguson has been in the national spotlight since Michael Brown was shot in August Police : Someone apparently set a custard shop on fire after pouring gas around it Protesters said they were angry that someone burned a Brown memorial earlier Tuesday
Beverly Hills , California  CNN  It looks decrepit and disheveled . But if a witch were rich , she might feel right at home in this Beverly Hills house . Just a few blocks from Rodeo Drive sits the Spadena House , or Witch 's House as it is universally called , inducing double takes from most who pass by . "  Most people think it 's dilapidated and vacant , " says Michael J. Libow , owner of the storybook home . "  I 'm an odd person to begin with , and the home is so odd for its neighborhood . " If it were n't so impressive , the Witch 's House might be an eyesore : The shutters look like they 're falling off , the roof is curling and the yard is thorny . It resembles the rickety gingerbread house occupied by the witch in "  Hansel and Gretel . " "  The whole concept is that the house should feel as if it emanated from the ground , " says Libow , a Coldwell Banker real estate agent who bought the home nearly two decades ago and has been restoring its , well , decay ever since . Everything is carefully designed to create "  a home that looks as if it 's 300 years old that really is n't . " Take the rotting cedar shingles : Libow had them dyed to look like they 'd been on the home for centuries . The wavy look of the roof makes it appear as if "  the home could take off at any moment , " he says -- witchcraft , you might say , achieved by stacking plywood underneath the shingles . Libow actually lives in the home , making it off limits to the public . But tour guides shuttle eager visitors past the home daily . "  It is , I 'm told , the most requested noncelebrity house to visit in Los Angeles , " says Libow . And while overzealous tour guides tout its appearance in everything from "  The Witches of Eastwick " to "  Hocus Pocus , " Libow says the only modern-day film the home has appeared in was 1995 's "  Clueless . " "  It was strictly a background shot  with  Alicia Silverstone walking by the house , " he says . "  But everybody respects the home for being in that movie . " The Witch 's House is believed to have first appeared on screen in the 1921 silent film "  The Face of the World , " says Kimberly Reiss of Beverly Hills Heritage , an organization dedicated to promoting the history of the city . The building was constructed a year earlier in 1920 on the Willat Studios lot in Culver City , California , and was used as both a studio office and dressing room , Reiss says . After the studio shut down , a producer moved it to Walden Drive in Beverly Hills in 1924 where it began its second act as a private residence . "  The thing that makes this property important is it set the bar for storybook architecture in Los Angeles during the '20s and '30s , " she says . By the time the home came back on the market in the late 1990s , Libow , a Realtor , called it a "  sixties nightmare " and it was only getting interest from buyers who wanted to tear it down , something the seller forbid . The more Libow showed the Witch 's House , the more it cast a spell on him . "  I think it just hit me one day , and I thought , ` You know what ? Why not ? ' " he said . "  Jump in ; take a chance . I 'm big on taking risks . " Libow bought the home and over the next decade transformed it into what it is today : an upscale incarnation of a storybook home . He 's even furnished the home with pieces to match the fairy tale theme , including a dining room table with a tree-trunk base . Today , the home is n't just a tour stop or a must-visit for trick-or-treaters on Halloween . In 2013 the Witch 's House became an official Beverly Hills landmark , something Libow worked hard to achieve . "  It gives me great joy to be able to bring joy to people who stop by to look at it , " Libow says , though he concedes there 's always a few scared by the Witch 's House , particularly children . They might have good reason : Libow gleefully notes his oven is "  just about perfect child-size . Something every witch should have . "	Spadena House in Beverly Hills is universally called the Witch 's House The house is designed to look like a fairy tale witch 's home
CNN Student News  -- November 19 , 2009 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Afghanistan • Iran • Kenya Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : One ship , two pirate attacks , different outcome this time around . You 'll see it in today 's show ! I 'm Carl Azuz . CNN Student News starts right now ! First Up : Senate Health Care Plan AZUZ : First up , the Senate has come up with its plan to reform the U.S. health care system . The proposed bill , released last night . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid says it would give health insurance to 30 million more Americans and would cost an estimated $ 849 billion over the next 10 years . Some senators now opposed to the bill are concerned about what it covers and how much it costs . Republicans have threatened to try and block the legislation from being passed . Debate on it could start as soon as Saturday . Afghan Inauguration AZUZ : Hamid Karzai is scheduled to be sworn in today for his second term as the president of Afghanistan . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says this is a "  critical moment " for that country , because it 's a chance for Karzai to show what kind of government he 'll lead . Clinton is visiting Afghanistan right now . She 's scheduled to meet with Karzai while she 's there . The Afghan president , under pressure to clean up corruption in his government , and Secretary Clinton is expected to talk with him about some guidelines that Afghanistan will have to meet in order to continue getting aid from the U.S. Clinton says that America wants to be partners with Afghanistan and with the Afghan people , and that is why President Obama has been reviewing the U.S. approach to the country . Nuclear Fears AZUZ : No deal ! That 's what Iran seems to be saying about sending some of its nuclear materials to other countries . This plan was worked out at a meeting last month . Iran would send raw nuclear materials to other nations who would make it into nuclear fuel , and then that would go back to Iran to be used in medical facilities . But now , instead of sending out materials and getting them back later as fuel , one Iranian official is saying the country will only swap raw materials for already processed fuel , and the trade would have to happen in Iran . All this is part of the ongoing tension over the Middle Eastern nation 's nuclear program . Iran says it 's only being used for peaceful reasons . But other countries believe Iran may be trying to build nuclear weapons . Terror Trial Debate AZUZ : Well , there has been a lot of back-and-forth about the Obama Administration 's decision to try a group of suspected 9/11 terrorists in a civilian court in New York City . A lot of people spoke out about this on our blog and in Congress , where Attorney General Eric Holder , who made the decision , talked about it yesterday . Samantha Hayes has our report on that . BEGIN VIDEO SAMANTHA HAYES , CNN CORRESPONDENT : It 's a move that 's sparked a raging debate . ALICE HOAGLAND , MOTHER OF 9/11 VICTIM : I think I can speak for many 9/11 families when I say that we are heartsick . HAYES : On Capitol Hill Wednesday , Attorney General Eric Holder defended his decision to try five suspected 9/11 terrorists -- including alleged mastermind Khalid Sheik Mohammed -- in a civilian court , not a military tribunal . ERIC HOLDER , U.S. ATTORNEY GENERAL : It was a decision that was case-driven . It 's a decision based on the evidence that I know , that frankly , some of the people who have criticized the decision do not have access to . HAYES : Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee led the intense criticism of Holder 's decision . SENATOR JON KYL ,  R  ARIZONA : How could you be more likely to get a conviction in federal court when Khalid Sheik Mohammed has already asked to plead guilty before a military commission and be executed ? HAYES : But Democrats who support the move expressed confidence in the court system and the ability of the city of New York to handle the trials , even though it was the epicenter of the 9/11 attacks . SEN. DIANNE FEINSTEIN ,  D  CALIFORNIA : I happen to believe that New York City is able to handle this in a very professional and definitively legal manner . HAYES : And Holder said it in no way undermines the administration 's commitment to fighting terror . HOLDER : We are at war , and we will use every instrument of national power -- civilian , military , law enforcement , intelligence , diplomatic and others -- to win . HAYES : Holder also told the panel that he is not concerned that a federal court could find the suspected terrorists not guilty . He said he has told prosecutors that these are cases that must be won . For CNN Student News , I 'm Samantha Hayes . END VIDEO Shoutout MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. VandenHeuval 's social studies classes at Dos Rios Elementary School in Tolleson , Arizona ! Who is the longest-serving member in the history of the U.S. Congress ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Robert Byrd , B  Strom Thurmond , C  Harry Reid or D  Ted Stevens ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Today is Senator Robert Byrd 's 20,775 th day serving in Congress . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Congressional History AZUZ : Six years in the House of Representatives ; elected to the U.S. Senate nine terms -- only person ever to do that -- it makes Sen. Byrd 's total time representing residents of West Virginia 51 years so far . Plus , he 's turning 92 tomorrow . As he became the longest-serving member of Congress yesterday , Byrd 's years of service were praised by Democrats and Republicans . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell talked about Sen. Byrd 's love for both the country and the Congress . And Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid predicted that many of Byrd 's records will never be broken . Somalia Pirates AZUZ : Deja vu in waters off the coast of the African nation of Somalia , when pirates tried to hijack a ship called the Maersk Alabama . If that sounds familiar to you , it 's because that was the same ship that was hijacked back in April . A Navy operation rescued the crew members in that incident . And yesterday , a private security team on board the Maersk kept the attempted hijackers from taking over . When we talk about pirates , we do n't mean "  of the Caribbean . " These are very dangerous people with guns ; they hold ships for ransom ; they 're very active in this part of the world . Is this Legit ? MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The African elephant is the largest animal on land . This one 's true . These animals can grow to be 9 tons ; that 's 18,000 pounds ! Elephant Orphanage AZUZ : Okay -- that 's the full-grown version , but even the babies are huge ! African elephants can still weigh around 220 pounds at birth ! But big does n't necessarily mean safe . They 're losing their habitat ; they 're being hunted by poachers : Baby elephants can face a lot of threats in the wild , and not having a mother around does n't make it any easier . David McKenzie examines a program in Kenya that 's trying to help orphaned elephants . BEGIN VIDEO DAVID MCKENZIE , CNN CORRESPONDENT : They grow up to be one of Africa 's giants , but like all creatures , they start off pretty small . Dwarfed by their keepers , each orphaned elephant at the David Sheldrick Wildlife Trust has a tragic tale . This is Sala . She 's 6 weeks old . They say her mother died because of starvation in the Kenyan drought . The person who found her gave her cow 's milk , which is extremely harmful to elephants because of the fat . Sala wandered into a tourist camp in Kenya 's Sala National Park , alone and confused . The orphanage scrambled a plane to rescue her . Carefully strapped in and traumatized , they evacuated Sala to Nairobi . For weeks , she was too sick to stand . Three days ago , she started walking again . If she makes it , she wo n't be alone . Drought , poaching and shrinking habitats have decimated elephant herds across East Africa . And the orphanage is fuller than it 's been in 30 years . Still , Dame Daphne Sheldrick will take more . DAME DAPHNE SHELDRICK , DAVID SHELDRICK WILDLIFE TRUST : Whatever comes in , we have to make space . MCKENZIE : It takes years to rehabilitate and reintroduce the orphans into the wild . For the keepers , it 's not just a 9 to 5 job . EDWIN LUSICHI , CHIEF KEEPER : But after working with these elephants , it 's no longer just a job . It is from inside your heart , the love that you have for these animals . MCKENZIE : Every three hours , day and night , the keepers mix fortified soy milk for the elephants . It costs $ 900 a month to care for each orphan , so the elephants have to earn their keep . With a slap of sunscreen to protect their sensitive skin , the babies go on parade . They slush and slide for the throngs of tourists who see the fun , but not the heartbreak . MCKENZIE : So , they hope to lead these infants through their most fragile stage . It could take years before Sala joins a family of wild elephants . In the care of her human family , she might just make it . David McKenzie , CNN , Nairobi , Kenya . END VIDEO Impact Your World AZUZ : Helping elephant orphans , providing aid to victims of natural disasters , finding ways to clean up the environment : There are a lot of ways to impact your world . Head to CNN.com / impact and check out the resources to find out how you can make a difference . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , it 's crazy what you 'll find on the side of the road . Like a turkey , for example . Actually , this fearless fowl 's walking right through the middle of traffic on the New Jersey Turnpike . Highway workers say Tammy -- Tammy the Turkey -- has been hanging out for about a year . Why did the turkey cross the turnpike ? Who knows -- it 's a turkey . But she does get a lot of looks from people driving by , and she seems to enjoy it ! Goodbye AZUZ : In fact , you could say Tammy 's gobbling up all the attention . That 's where today 's show hits the road . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Listen in on a debate in Congress about the trial of 9/11 terror suspects Learn about the tenure of the longest-serving member of the U.S. Congress Travel to Kenya to see how a program aims to help orphaned baby elephants Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
MADRID , Spain -- Atletico Madrid recovered from their painful recent defeat by Barcelona to crush European rivals Real Zaragoza 4-0 in the Primera Liga on Sunday . Luis Garcia celebrates his first Atletico Madrid goal in their superb 4-0 victory over Real Zaragoza . Luis Garcia 's first goal for the club , a double from Argentine Maxi Rodriguez and a Diego Forlan strike clinched a comfortable win as Atletico moved up to sixth in the table . It was also sweet revenge for Atletico as Zaragoza beat them home and away last season to beat them to sixth place and the final UEFA Cup spot . Atletico went ahead in the 10th minute when Forlan picked out a precise pass for Garcia who made no mistake with a calm side-footed finish . Forlan then got on the scoresheet himself with a first-time lob on 34 minutes for his third goal of the season , before Rodriguez stole the show with two more goals . Getafe registered their first win of the season with a 2-0 victory over Murcia . Substitute Kepa , who was later sent off , opened the scoring in the 54th minute and Francisco Casero added a second five minutes later to clinch the points . Elsewhere last season 's second division champions Valladolid continue to struggle in the top flight , crashing to a 2-1 defeat against Athletic Bilbao . Artiz Aduriz scored twice for Bilbao after eight and 31 minutes to leave Valladolid second from bottom with promoted Levante , who have a meagre one point , propping up the table . E-mail to a friend	Atletico Madrid bounce back to form with a superb 4-0 victory over Zaragoza Maxi Rodriguez scores twice with Luis Garcia and Diego Forlan also on target Getafe registered their first win of the season with a 2-0 victory over Murcia
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Allegations that five U.S. contractors detained inside Baghdad 's Green Zone were somehow involved in the death of another American contractor last month are "  completely false , " a son of one of the detainees told CNN Sunday . In a CNN exclusive , video shows U.S. contractors taken into custody by Iraqi authorities . Four of the five detained contractors work for North Carolina-based Corporate Training Unlimited -- a security firm headed by Donald Feeney , who , along with his son , Donald Feeney III , has been detained , according to another son , John Feeney . A fifth contractor works in Baghdad for another company . "  We 're pretty sure they will be questioned there in the next couple of days and released with no charges , " John Feeney said , adding the men appeared in court Sunday and were scheduled for another hearing Monday . CTU was founded by the elder Feeney , a former member of the elite anti-terrorist unit , the Delta Force , sources with knowledge of the case told CNN Sunday . The company in Fayetteville , North Carolina , has been operating in Iraq since 2003 , according to its Web site . Iraqi and U.S. personnel took the five into custody early Friday in connection with the killing of contractor James Kitterman , according to an Iraqi official involved in the investigation and another source with knowledge of the case . Three of them allegedly had direct involvement in the death , according to an Iraqi security source . None of the men have been charged . Kitterman was found bound , blindfolded and fatally stabbed in a car in the district , formally known as the International Zone , on May 22 . The 60-year-old Houston , Texas , resident owned a construction company that operated in Iraq . The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad confirmed that Iraqi authorities took five U.S. citizens into custody . The embassy said the men were not detained on suspicion of murder , but for an unrelated matter . The five were being held by Iraqi security forces Sunday at a jail inside the heavily protected Green Zone , the Iraqi official said . They have been in custody for three days . "  They have lawyers there on the ground with them , " John Feeney told CNN . "  They have been there with them the whole time . We have people there who work for us who are bringing them food , clothes -- whatever they need . They 're being treated well , and the State Department and the FBI are also involved . " The troops also confiscated weapons during the pre-dawn raid on the suspects ' firm , said the Iraqi official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The four CTU detainees were identified by multiple sources as : Donald Feeney and Donald Feeney III ; Micah Milligan ; and Mark Bridges . John Feeney identified the fifth detainee as Jason Jones , who works for another company . A source close to the suspects , who asked not to be identified , said each of the five men insisted they have alibis that would clear them and that they are anxious to tell their stories to a judge . John Feeney said his father was "  not even in the country " at the time of Kitterman 's killing . He was heading back from the Philippines to make arrangements after the death of another CTU employee at the time . The U.S. Embassy would not confirm the names of the detainees , citing privacy laws . But a spokesman said consular officials have visited with them and "  they appeared well . " Embassy officials have been visiting them frequently , the Iraqi security source said . The U.S. State Department and the Iraqi government will negotiate to determine what happens next , according to the Iraqi security source close to the investigation who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case . Iraqi jail workers are treating the five contractors very well and with respect , he said . The Feeneys had known Kitterman for six years from their time in the Green Zone and "  respected him , " CTU spokeswoman Sarah Smith told CNN . "  Just being in the Green Zone for six years , they became very close , " she said , adding , "  Everyone is deeply upset about the loss of Jim Kitterman and our deepest sympathy goes to his family . " If the suspects are charged and referred to trial , the case would be sent to Iraq 's Central Criminal Court , the Iraqi official said . If that happens , it would mark the first time U.S. citizens go to trial in that country since the United States returned the nation 's government to the Iraqis . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Phil Black , Jomana Karadsheh , Alan Duke and and Samira Simone contributed to this report .	NEW : Detainee 's son : "  We 're pretty sure they will be ... released with no charges " Sources : Five men detained in connection with death of fellow U.S. contractor in Iraq U.S. Embassy : 5 contractors in custody in Iraq , but not on murder suspicion Contractor James Kitterman found bound , blindfolded and fatally stabbed
CNN  -- Upon being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2004 , Apple co-founder Steve Jobs put off surgery for nine months against the advice of his doctors while he tried to treat the disease with a special macrobiotic diet -- a decision he later regretted , his biographer said . When asked why he did n't have the surgery right away , Jobs said , "  I did n't want my body to be opened , " according to an interview with the biographer , Walter Isaacson , that aired Sunday on CBS News ' "  60 Minutes . " By the time Jobs was finally operated on , the cancer had spread to the surrounding tissue , Isaacson said . But his mortality also motivated Jobs , who died October 5 , to create some of Apple 's boldest products in his final years , Isaacson told CBS 's Steve Kroft . "  He talked a lot to me about what happened when he got sick and how it focused him , " said Isaacson , in a transcript of the show provided by CBS News . "  He said he no longer wanted to go out , no longer wanted to travel the world . He would focus on the products . He knew the couple of things he wanted to do , which was the iPhone and then the iPad . He had a few other visions . I think he would 've loved to have conquered television . " Isaacson 's book , "  Steve Jobs , " goes on sale Monday . In the "  60 Minutes " interview , Isaacson described Jobs as a driven , eccentric and sometimes cruel man who grew more reflective and fatalistic in his later years . "  I saw my life as an arc and that it would end , and compared to that nothing mattered , " Jobs told him in one recorded interview . "  You 're born alone , you 're going to die alone . And does anything else really matter ? I mean , what is it exactly is it that you have to lose , Steve ? You know ? There 's nothing . " Adopted as a baby , Jobs recalled as a child once confronting his parents in tears about why his real parents had rejected him . His parents sat him down and said , "  No , you do n't understand . We specifically picked you out . " "  He said , ` From then on , I realized that I was not -- just abandoned . I was chosen . I was special , ' " Isaacson said . "  And I think that 's the key to understanding Steve Jobs . " Always something of a rebel , Jobs often thought the usual rules did n't apply to him , Isaacson said . He went through a period as a young man where he did n't bathe regularly -- his managers at Atari made him work the night shift because his co-workers complained about his body odor -- and drove a Mercedes with no license plate because he did n't want people tracking him . Jobs also was a Buddhist and a spiritual person whose religious beliefs were altered by his cancer diagnosis , Isaacson said . "  I remember sitting in his backyard in his garden one day and he started talking about God . He said , ` Sometimes I believe in God , sometimes I do n't . I think it 's 50-50 maybe . "  But ever since I 've had cancer , I 've been thinking about it more . And I find myself believing a bit more . I kind of -- maybe it 's 'cause I want to believe in an afterlife . That when you die , it does n't just all disappear . The wisdom you 've accumulated . Somehow it lives on . ' " Isaacson 's book is based on more than 40 interviews with Jobs conducted over two years , as well as interviews with more than 100 family members , friends , adversaries , competitors and colleagues . Simon & Schuster says that although Jobs cooperated with the book , he asked for no control over what was written nor the right to read it before it was published . Isaacson , a former chairman of CNN and the former managing editor of Time magazine , which shares a parent company with CNN , has written biographies of Benjamin Franklin and Henry Kissinger . The 656-page Jobs book retails for $ 35 .	Walter Isaacson talks about his upcoming Steve Jobs book on CBS ' "  60 Minutes " Isaacson : Apple co-founder regretted not getting surgery earlier for his cancer The first authorized biography of Jobs hits stores Monday
CNN  Boston native Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed , Deadline reported Wednesday . Wahlberg 's film , to be titled "  Patriots ' Day , " is being produced by CBS Films , which linked to the Deadline article from its website . According to Deadline , Wahlberg is hoping to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis , who retired after the attack in 2013 . The film will be told from Davis ' point of view . The film will feature material researched and shot by CBS Films ' corporate sibling , the CBS News program "  60 Minutes . " Wahlberg is also a producer of the film . "  Patriots ' Day " is the second film related to the Boston bombing to be announced . Fox announced in November that it will be making a film called "  Boston Strong " about the event .	Mark Wahlberg is planning to appear in "  Patriots ' Day " The film will be about events surrounding the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing Another film , "  Boston Strong , " is also in the works
CNN  -- Wanda Butts lost her teenage son in a drowning accident six years ago , and ever since then she has been working to change a troubling statistic . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , African-American children between the ages of 5 and 14 drown at a rate almost three times higher than white children in the same age range . Since 2007 , Butts and her nonprofit , the Josh Project , have helped nearly 1,200 children -- most of them minorities -- learn how to swim . CNN asked Butts for her thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 . CNN : What was the reaction when you found out you were a top 10 CNN Hero ? Wanda Butts : Shock and unbelief ! I was thinking that this could not be happening to me , just as I felt back on August 6 , 2006 , when I was told that Josh had drowned . I never would have thought that anything good would happen from the drowning death of my only son at the age of 16 . I saw nothing but disaster and tragedy from Josh 's drowning . But now I see all of the positive outcomes from his death . Now I can see better what the plan was for my son 's life and death , and mine . His death was so others could have a fuller life and possibly a longer life because of their knowing how to swim and  having  water safety skills . His death from drowning gave my life meaning because I can now share with others the importance of knowing how to swim and the importance of knowing water safety . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean for the Josh Project ? Butts : I would like  to raise  awareness of our mission and our focus of parents being educated and knowing the importance of their child knowing how to swim and how to be safe in and around water . I would hope that the public will be more aware about drowning prevention , especially in communities where the drowning statistics are much higher and more likely to happen . Our objective is to change the drowning statistics . Drowning is preventable if you know the rules . Awareness , education and knowledge is key . That was something I did not have . Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now ! CNN : What are some of your goals or plans for the Josh Project ? Butts : To increase enrollment , employ our own teachers and have our own swimming facility so students can practice what they learn in their weekly lessons . And possibly increase lessons to twice a week . We also intend to increase our water safety education classes . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Butts : Swimming and water safety education are basic life skills that all should know . Water is universal . And since our Earth is nearly 70 % water and our bodies are 60 to 70 % water and swimming is the only sport that could possible save your life , it is very vital for everyone to have water safety skills and know how to swim . Read the full story on CNN Hero Wanda Butts : Swim lessons help minority children break cycle More Q&A s from top 10 Heroes : ' A ray of hope ' where girls did n't count A voice for America 's caregiving kids After losing daughter , dad vows to change culture Seeking justice for Haiti 's rape victims $ 50K to help ` Kliptown kids ' rise up Changing reality for impoverished teen moms Man 's best friend helping war veterans heal	Wanda Butts was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 Her group has helped teach more than 1,200 Ohio children how to swim Most of the children are minorities , which have higher drowning rates than whites Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now !
CNN  -- Michael Jackson was the pride of Gary , Indiana , growing up , and on Friday , his hometown paid tribute to the late entertainer with a memorial and celebration in his honor . A group pays tribute to Michael Jackson by performing some of his signature moves . They remembered him as not just the King of Pop or the musician who took Hollywood by storm , but as someone with an unmatched enthusiasm and talent for entertaining even as a little boy growing up in this city of about 100,000 in northwestern Indiana , 30 miles from downtown Chicago , Illinois . Jackson 's first music teacher , Anita Hill , spoke of teaching Jackson to sing "  Climb Every Mountain , " and remembered him as a "  very energetic and wonderful student . " The principal of his middle school remembered how , at Christmastime how Jackson , always jumped up and offered to sing to his class . Later , when he joined with family members to create the Jackson 5 , he performed for kids at his school , the principal said , joking about the bargain that at the time it only cost them 10 cents to see the future pop icon . Gary Mayor Rudy Clay noted Jackson put the city on the world 's map and bid farewell to the star . "  He 's going to put on those golden slippers and he 's going to dance all over God 's heaven , " he said . The tribute at The Steel Yard baseball park in Gary was full of children dancing and singing to Jackson 's music , including a performance of "  Thriller " complete with the cemetery scene that became so iconic . Some of the biggest applause of the night came after a video was played of Jackson in Gary talking about his love for his hometown . "  Gary , you will always have a special place in my heart , " Jackson said in the video played on the stadium 's jumbo screen . "  And Gary , you are more than good friend -- you are my family and you always will be . " As a finale , about 700 people holding candles sang "  We Are the World , " the 1985 song Jackson co-wrote with Lionel Richie to benefit USA for Africa . Jackson lived in Gary for 11 years before moving to the West Coast after the Jackson 5 recorded their first album in 1969 . His father , Joe Jackson , made a brief appearance after being introduced by the Rev. Jesse Jackson . After being surrounded by TV crews and photographers , Joe Jackson made his way to the stage , thanked everyone for attending and said it was good to be home . "  This is a pleasure to be back to see so many people here , " Joe Jackson said . "  It 's always good to come back home , you know that . " Fans have flocked to Jackson 's boyhood home in the days following his death in Los Angeles , California , on June 25 . Autopsy results are pending .	Joe Jackson : "  It 's always good to come back home " Teachers , neighbors remember energetic boy full of talent Children , groups sing and dance to pay tribute to Jackson
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Christina Aguilera tumbled , Bob Dylan strained to be heard and Lady Gaga turned up in an egg costume -- just one of the many memorable moments from the 53rd annual Grammy Awards . Aguilera , who fumbled recently while singing the national anthem at the Super Bowl , slipped and nearly fell at the end of a tribute to Queen of Soul Aretha Franklin . The ceremony Sunday night included other highlights as well . Millions of television screens reverted to black and white for a few minutes during a performance by Bruno Mars . Full list of winners It was a section of the show that emphasized the connections current popular music has to the past , on a night where several music legends teamed with new stars , including Barbra Streisand , Mick Jagger and Dylan . But it was an independent rock band from Canada , Arcade Fire , that took the night 's biggest prize , the album of the year Grammy . The band seemed surprised when it won the award -- one member 's first words on stage were "  What the hell ? " Mars sang his hit "  Grenade , " a performance that echoed back to the 1950s and Sam Cooke , or the 1960s and Otis Redding . Janelle Monae followed with a futuristic soul performance of her song "  Cold War , " which brought the Staples Center crowd to its feet for a long standing ovation . Rihanna made a triumphant return to the Grammys , two years after she canceled her performance hours after she was beaten by then-boyfriend Chris Brown . Rihanna teamed with rapper Eminem to perform their "  Love the Way You Lie , " a record of the year contender . Joining the duo on stage were Skylar Grey and Dr. Dre.It was Dre 's first live television performance in more than a decade . Eminem was later handed a Grammy for best rap album for "  Recovery , " the best selling CD of 2010 . It was his second Grammy for the day , counting one awarded during the pre-telecast show for best rap solo . Rihanna , who appeared to have recovered from her bout with the flu , also delivered a steamy rendition of her hit "  What 's My Name " with best new artist nominee Drake . Lady Antebellum took home five Grammys , including for song of the year , record of the year and best country album for "  Need You Now . " The group also got two Grammys in the pre-telecast show . Jazz bassist and singer Esperanza Spalding beat out Drake and Justin Bieber to win the best new artist award . The show opened with a "  get-well card " to Franklin , who is recovering from an undisclosed illness . Yolanda Adams , Aguilera , Jennifer Hudson , Martina McBride and best new artist nominee Florence Welch sang a soulful montage of Franklin 's hits , including "  A Natural Woman , " "  Ai n't No Way , " "  Knock On Your Door , " "  Think , " "  Baby I Love You " and "  Respect . " Franklin did not attend , but instead a video message was played . "  I especially want to thank all of you who took the time to send me get well cards and flowers , beautiful flowers , and most importantly your prayers during my time of hospitalization , " Franklin said . "  I wish I could have been with you tonight , " Franklin said . "  But next year , OK ? " The star power from the past included Streisand , who sang her 1976 Grammy and Oscar winning song , "  Evergreen . " It was the theme song for "  A Star Is Born , " the film in which she starred with Kris Kristofferson , who introduced Streisand . Mick Jagger paid tribute to songwriter Solomon Burke , who died last October , by singing Burke 's "  Everybody Needs Somebody to Love . " The Rolling Stones covered the song on a 1965 album . Dylan sang and played his harmonica with best new artist nominee Mumford and Sons , and rising roots rockers , the Avett Brothers , in a salute to the comeback of acoustic music . A musical tribute to country legend Dolly Parton featured Norah Jones , Keith Urban and John Mayer singing her song "  Jolene . " Lady Gaga popped out of a giant egg on stage at the start of her performance of "  Born This Way , " a song with a message about gay and lesbian rights . Gaga , who wore a raw meat dress on another red carpet last year , arrived inside the egg for the Grammys . Gaga was "  incubating , " her creative director Lauri Ann Gibson said . "  It was necessary to incubate her for a certain time , because tonight she is actually birthing a new race , " Gibson said . "  A new race that does n't have the ability to judge or hate in their DNA , so she is incubating right now so she goes through that process . " Gaga , whose "  Bad Romance " won her two Grammys during the pre-telecast show , was given the best pop vocal album Grammy during the telecast for "  The Fame Monster . " British alternative rock band Muse won the best rock album Grammy for "  The Resistance . " Miranda Lambert won her first Grammy , taking home the best female country vocal award for her song "  The House That Built Me . " "  Thank you , and I love country music , " Lambert said . Train won the first Grammy handed out on the telecast . It was for best pop duo or group performance with vocals . "  Thanks , Justin Bieber , for not being in a duo or a group , " Train lead singer Patrick Monahan said . A mini-tribute to the four-year career of the 16-year-old pop sensation included video of an even younger Bieber auditioning for his eventual mentor , Usher . Bieber sang a montage of three songs with Usher and actor Jaden Smith , the 12-year-old son of actors Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith . Cee Lo revamped his hit "  F-k You " into "  Forget You " so he could perform the record of the year contender on the broadcast . He was accompanied by Jim Henson 's Muppets and Gwyneth Paltrow . It was a colorful performance , strikingly reminiscent of Elton John 's guest appearance on the Muppets . With 98 of the 109 awards presented pre-telecast , producers had plenty of time for entertainment during the 3 1/2 - hour live show on CBS . Jeff Beck , Legend and Jay-Z each won three Grammys in the pre-telecast presentations , while BeBe & CeCe Winans , the "  Crazy Heart " soundtrack and Usher gained two trophies . Jazz legend Herbie Hancock added two Grammys to his extensive collection , one for improvised jazz solo and one for best pop collaboration with vocals . With 14 of the trophies on his shelf , Hancock said winning them never gets old . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report	Arcade Fire takes album of the year Lady Antebellum wins 5 Grammys Eminem wins the best rap album Grammy Esperanza Spalding wins for best new artist
New York may be the "  city that never sleeps " but that wo n't come as a shock to the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge who are still new parents and are expecting another baby in April . Prince George , now a toddler , would no doubt love the bright lights of the big city but he 'll have to wait to see them himself . A source close to the couple tells me the main reason he is n't coming is that the program of events "  does n't make it appropriate to bring him . " This visit certainly feels rocket-propelled compared to the leisurely three-week tour of New Zealand and Australia earlier this year , when George did join his parents . On Monday that will involve everything from a children 's craft group in Harlem , a conservation reception with Hillary and Chelsea Clinton , to an NBA game where they 're likely to rub shoulders with Beyoncé and husband Jay Z. On Tuesday , their plans include a moment of reflection at the September 11 memorial and a glittering charity dinner at the Metropolitan Museum of Modern Art . The couple will split at one point so that the heir to the throne can drop in on President Obama in Washington and give a speech at the World Bank . The White House said William 's visit underscored "  the special relationship " between the United States and the United Kingdom . "  The President looks forward to thanking The Duke of Cambridge for the hospitality shown to him by the Royal Family during the President 's recent visits to the United Kingdom , " a spokesperson said in a statement . William and Kate will also have additional private engagements . Each event has been carefully orchestrated to promote the couple 's own interests or those of the British government . Royals are in the fund-raising business and if there 's anywhere you can make big money , it 's in the Big Apple . The causes the royal couple support are set to benefit hugely from this trip . The Duke and Duchess will meet the rich , the famous , the powerful and the vulnerable . No other couple in the world has the power to fill a room like the Cambridges can right now . Their spokesman tells me : "  The Duke and Duchess are looking forward to their visit enormously , especially as neither have visited New York or Washington in any capacity before . "  They fondly remember the incredibly warm welcome they received on their last official visit to the U.S.A.  California in 2011  and are very much looking forward to returning to the States . " That last visit was to sunny Los Angeles at a time when people were still sizzling from the hype around the royal wedding . It was an unquestionable triumph . This time they will be returning to a bitter East Coast winter but the welcome will no doubt be as warm . It may be reminiscent of Princess Diana 's first visit to New York . Poignantly , Diana never came here with her husband Prince Charles . Kate and William are the next generation and very much a couple . Wherever they go in Manhattan , the royals will be greeted by cameras and big crowds . America 's fascination with this fairytale is unmatched . Unlike Diana 's day , many of the best royal moments come now from cell phones belonging to well-wishers . No doubt Kate will be asked how she is feeling after her bout of morning sickness -- with her entourage looking-on to make sure she does n't over do it .	Britain 's Prince William and Catherine arrive in New York City for a whirlwind tour Sunday The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will not be accompanied by Prince George A source says the program of events in the city "  does n't make it appropriate to bring him " Prince William will travel to Washington to meet U.S. President Barack Obama
CNN  -- Amenah Ibrahim vividly remembers her first introduction to thermodynamics . It was her freshman year at the University of Illinois at Chicago , and she sat in a large auditorium filled with students aspiring to degrees in chemical engineering . "  The first thing the  professor  told us was , ` You should expect to see this class dwindle down as the semester goes on . ' It was the first thing they told us , " she said . Ibrahim said the professor 's expectation came true . As the semester progressed , students began to drop the class , some switching to other majors entirely . Ibrahim hung on , although it took her five years and three summer sessions to complete her bachelor 's degree in chemical engineering . "  I was a very persistent and resilient person , " Ibrahim said . "  I remember bombing my first calculus exam , and I could have dropped . If it was n't for my  persistence  , I could have seen that score and said , ` Well , maybe this is n't for me . ' " Undergraduates across the country are choosing to leave science , technology , engineering and math programs before they graduate with those degrees . Many students in those STEM fields struggle to complete their degrees in four years , or drop out , according to a 2010 University of California , Los Angeles , study . The study , conducted by UCLA 's Higher Education Research Institute , found students in science , math and engineering take longer to complete their degrees than students who start out majoring in other fields . The study tracked thousands of students who entered college for the first time in 2004 . Thirty-six percent of white , 21 % of black and 22 % of Latino undergraduate students in STEM fields finished their bachelor 's degrees in STEM fields within five years of initial enrollment . Nearly 22 % dropped out after five years . Low graduation rates among science and math undergraduates affect how the United States competes globally . Fewer biology and math majors means fewer doctors and engineers later . How to stop America 's math , science lag In President Barack Obama 's State of the Union speech this year , he said science , technology , engineering and math will guide the country 's future , and education improvements are needed . "  Maintaining our leadership in research and technology is crucial to America 's success ... if we want innovation to produce jobs in America and not overseas , then we also have to win the race to educate our kids , " Obama said . James Brown , executive director of the STEM Education Coalition , said a big problem is that educators do n't often realize the urgency of fostering the next generation of American scientists and engineers . "  People who follow this issue understand the connection between a STEM workforce and national competitiveness . But that 's not enough , " Brown said . "  Universities and faculty have to understand this is a national priority . " ` Sink or Swim ' Sylvia Hurtado , director of the Higher Education Research Institute and one of the UCLA study 's authors , said high school seniors are interested in pursuing science , math and engineering degrees more than ever . But research shows that most do n't make it to the finish line . "  Many students want to be in science , but very talented people are choosing other fields . That should n't be the case , " Hurtado said . "  It 's important to understand how we close this gap . " Poor scientific literacy among college students is one reason students pursuing science and math are less likely to graduate from those programs . High school graduates are n't prepared for first-year science classes in college , Hurtado said . But there 's another problem , too : Higher education , itself . Science and math programs are designed and taught to winnow down the number of students . University tenure systems often reward professors who conduct research and publish their work , but not those who teach well . Among students who majored in liberal arts , business or other fields , 73 % of white students and about 63 % of black and Latino students finished their degrees in five years . Forty-one percent of American students who start off majoring in science , math , engineering or technology fields graduate from those programs within six years . More collaborative and supportive environments for STEM students are one of the solutions to the problem , Hurtado said . One girl 's academic success defies all expectations -- even her dad 's Ibrahim , the University of Illinois student , said her classes were all "  sink or swim . " "  There were not a lot of resources to develop interest in students , " Ibrahim said .  Professors  say , ` Here 's the workload , if you can handle it , you 're good to go . If not , sorry . ' " When Lena Groeger majored in biology at Brown University , working one-on-one with a science professor was key to maintaining her interest in the field , she said . She managed to finish her bachelor 's degree in four years . "  I had a really good experience majoring in biology because my junior year , I did an independent study with a professor , " Groeger said . "  It was great to have the freedom to do that . " Freeman Hrabowski , president of The University of Maryland Baltimore County , said American attitudes toward science are hurting STEM graduation rates . "  We in America have accepted that science is just not for everybody . We send messages to students all the time that , ` This is not really for you , ' " he said . "  One of the reasons American  students  are n't more excited about science is that adults themselves are n't excited . Most  students  have been weeded out before they even get to college . " Hrabowski said many people assume they 're not smart enough to study science or math . His response ? "  No . Your teacher was n't innovative enough . " Changing the culture Schools admit more science majors than they expect to graduate , and do n't teach students to support each other , Hrabowski said , instead fostering an atmosphere of cutthroat competition . "  We say , ` If we accept you in science , you have ability to do it , and we 'll help you succeed , ' " Hrabowski said . "  What has made the difference at UMBC is the way we encourage group work and teachers to rethink their approach in the classroom . The results are significantly more students are succeeding . " The University of Maryland Baltimore County puts an emphasis on research , Hrabowski said . The university has space for biotechnology companies that can work with students on campus . The school 's curriculum emphasizes student collaboration and research projects that require students to solve real-world problems . Hurtado , the UCLA researcher , said the school has earned a reputation for solid completion rates in science and math fields , especially among black students . In 2010 , U.S. News and World Report ranked it first among "  up-and-coming schools , " and gave it a high rank for undergraduate teaching and undergrad engineering programs . Opinion : Why liberal arts matter "  We need more supportive programs and less sorting , " Hurtado said . "  The most important practice in terms of sustaining interest among students is faculty involvement in research programs that connect students and give them a feel for what it 's like to be a scientist . " Ibrahim said research was an elective class during her undergraduate years , and nobody encouraged her to pursue it . With little mentorship made available , it was easy to become discouraged . "  My parents did n't go to college and I did n't have a support system , " Ibrahim said . "  There were no  students  ahead of me in the program who could give me encouragement . It 's very difficult to do it alone , without a support system . " After taking five years to graduate with her bachelor 's degree , Ibrahim went on to get a master 's degree in science and engineering and now works as a chemical engineer for PepsiCo , as part of the team developing advancements in the sports drink , Gatorade . "  I chose to keep going , " she said .	Science and math students struggle to complete their degrees in four years , if at all Researchers say higher education must "  weed out " students More and better prepared science and tech students keep the U.S. competitive .
CNN  -- Russia withheld details from U.S. officials about suspicions of Boston Marathon bombings suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev in 2011 , information that could have altered the course authorities followed , a U.S. law enforcement official told CNN . While Russia did alert U.S. authorities about Tsarnaev 's possible extremism , it kept out some facts , namely text messages referencing his desire to join a militant group , the source said . However , sources told the Wall Street Journal that the United States also likely would have withheld such details for fear of divulging intelligence sources and methods . Sheriff : Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's burial handled properly In the texts , Tsarnaev wrote to his mother about his interest in joining the militant movement carrying out attacks against Russia in the Caucasus region , the law enforcement source told CNN . The Russians did not pass these texts on to American officials when they passed the original intelligence about Tsarnaev , the source said . Last month , a U.S. official with knowledge of the investigation told CNN that Russia intercepted a communication between the mother of the accused Boston Marathon bombers and someone who may have been one of her sons "  discussing jihad " in 2011 . That source described the conversation as vague , and said that the Russians turned over the intercept to the FBI sometime during the last week of April . Official : Russia heard Boston suspects ' mother ` discussing jihad ' House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , told the Wall Street Journal that the withheld information could have changed the way U.S. officials worked . Access to the texts "  would have allowed the bureau to open an investigation where you could track  Tsarnaev 's  communications , " he said . "  To me , that 's where the ball really got dropped . " In 2011 , Russian authorities alerted the United States to concerns that Tsarnaev was becoming increasingly radical . The Russians also raised questions about Tsarnaev 's mother , Zubeidat Tsarnaev , according to several sources . But the FBI found no evidence of extremist activity and closed the case . The names of both Tsarnaev and his mother were placed in a terror database , however . Still , Tsarnaev was allowed to travel the next year to a restive Russian region rife with Islamist terror groups , and he returned to the United States after six mysterious months abroad . Investigators have said they are looking at possible links between Tsarnaev and those groups during his time in the region . What did suspected bomber 's widow know ?	Source says Russia did n't share all it knew about Tamerlan Tsarnaev There were texts that were not passed on with the alert That information could have changed the way the alert was handled , congressman says
CNN  -- When Spanish-language network Univision blasted the Commission on Presidential Debates for its glaring lack of ethnic diversity among the four presidential and vice presidential debate moderators , champions of diversity applauded the network 's willingness to challenge the status quo . In many ways , Univision was echoing the famous words written in the first edition of the nation 's first black newspaper , Freedom 's Journal , founded by John B. Russwurm and Samuel Cornish in 1827 : "  We wish to plead our own cause . Too long have others spoken for us . " There is no doubt that choosing a woman to moderate a presidential debate for the first time in 20 years -- CNN 's Candy Crowley -- is long overdue . But with this nation quickly becoming a majority-minority country , the perspective , background and interests of those asking the questions is seriously important . Part of the diversity problem with the presidential moderators also stems from the lack of diversity in the media , especially in the power positions of executives , show hosts and executive producers . And our nation 's media is quick to examine another industry 's shortcomings and pay only lip service to its own . It 's great that after Univision 's critique , President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney decided to participate individually in an issues forum hosted by the network 's anchors , Jorge Ramos and Maria Elena Salinas . To all of the haters who are seething right now -- readying their e-mails and composing comments such as "  Why ca n't we all just be Americans ? " and "  You 're race-baiting with this column " -- please , pipe down and listen for a change , to understand the nuances of this issue . In the media , whenever we say "  mainstream , " we might as well be honest and admit that means white . I have heard cable and broadcast executives speak in those terms for years , and trust me , when they are thinking about the dominant audience , it means white . That 's why when anyone is talking about media that targets demographics other than white , you 'll hear the phrase "  ethnic media . " For newspapers targeting African Americans , you 'll hear "  the black press . " What we have to acknowledge is that the moderator 's background , upbringing , experiences and where he or she grew up , all play a crucial role in what questions are asked . If you take people who grew up in a nearly all-white environment in the suburbs and they have spent their adulthood in similar surroundings , their outlook on life and the issues wo n't be the same as those who grew up in a nearly all-white rural environment . Their education , health and economic concerns likely will be drastically different . The same goes for someone is African American , Hispanic-Latino , Asian or Native American . Our ethnicity should n't be divisive ; our diversity is what makes us unique , and that means embracing it . That ethnic and regional perspective is also important in other ways . For instance , conservatives always lament the "  East Coast liberals " who work for major media companies . But the truth is that the notion of what 's important in Washington and New York is much the same in conservative outlets as it is in liberal outlets in those cities . For years , I 've felt out of place as a native Texan within these media circles . How I view the issues is different from who decides the top news of the day in places such as New York or Washington . Add on that I 'm African-American , and my outlook varies a great deal from a lot of TV newsbookers , producers , executive producers , hosts , editorial opinion page editors and national political correspondents . My background plays a role in the way I view the world , and that comes across based on the issues I choose to highlight and discuss . For example , when I 'm on CNN 's "  Starting Point With Soledad O'Brien , " and we 're choosing a story of the day in the newspaper , I purposely do n't choose anything from The Washington Post , The Wall Street Journal , The New York Times or any New York papers . Why ? Because those are the daily papers read by most folks in the media . Why do I want to reinforce the narrative that those papers decide what 's most important ? I 'll choose to grab something in The Detroit News , Chicago Sun-Times , Houston Chronicle , The Charlotte Observer , The Plain Dealer  Cleveland  or websites , magazines and blogs produced for ethnic audiences to spread the love and expand the universe of what is news . These debates should be the same . There should be ethnic and gender diversity among the moderators . Who they are and the questions they ask should be broad in scope , but also specific to various groups that make up the United States of America . Let 's stop asking questions only about the middle class or the nation 's rich . Can someone actually mention the poor in this country , which is made of up people of all ethnic groups ? Can we hear the candidates talk about why the United States has more prisoners than any other nation in the world and why blacks and Hispanics make up a disproportionate number of them ? Is racial profiling too provocative to be put on the table ? Is the education achievement gap too toxic to bring up ? How about health disparities between rural and city folk , and whites , blacks and Hispanics ? Sorry to say , if your questioners are all white , most of these questions wo n't be on their index cards . I do n't want to hear a presidential or vice-presidential candidate 's favorite TV show , food , hobby or most embarrassing thing they 've ever done . Such silly questions should be barred forever . But we can have debates that are not just substantive , but culturally relevant . The point is n't about a gotcha question or trying to get someone to slip up . It 's simply recognizing that the next president and vice president of the United States will represent one nation , 50 states and 300 million people of many hues , shapes and perspectives . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Spanish-language Univision blasted lack of diversity among debate moderators Martin : Ethnic diversity is important because what is asked depends on who asks it Martin says as a black , native Texan , his concerns differ from mainstream white media 's We need new questions about the poor , prisons , other issues that never crop up , he says
CNN  -- For most of its roughly two-year existence , Instagram has trapped its bounty inside mobile apps . More recently , though , the photo-sharing service has made chunks of its service available to desktop users . First you could view a page for individual photos from any browser , and in November it added profile pages that displayed all of a user 's images . As of Tuesday , you finally see a working version of your Instagram feed online . Login at Instagram.com and you 'll get a replica of your Instagram home screen with photos from everyone you follow unfurling as you scroll down the browser window . There are no extra bells or whistles here , but you can double click to "  Like " an image , leave comments and follow or unfollow people . Unfortunately , the web version is still missing the most important Instagram feature : the ability to upload photos . The company has always put mobile first . The photos shared on the app are meant to be taken with the built-in cameras on mobile devices and their low resolution a perfect match for Instagram 's grainy film filters . As the Facebook-owned service becomes more popular , there will be demand to access it from more devices , even to share photographs taken with higher-quality cameras . But for now the company is putting mobility and speed ahead of those features . "  Our focus on building out a mobile-only experience is a unique path that we 've chosen for many reasons , the most important of which is that Instagram , at its core , is about seeing and taking photos on-the-go , " said co-founder Kevin Systrom in a blog post announcing the feature . The web interface is missing other parts familiar to app users , as well . The explore page that allows you to browse by users or hashtags is not there , and neither is the fun photo-map feature that lets you see where in the world a user took all their photos . Third-party instagram client Webstagram has an online version of your Instagram feed . Though not nearly as attractive as the new official version , it still has some of those features missing from Instagram 's website , including the ability to click on hashtags and see your followers and those people you are following .	Photo-sharing service Instagram now lets you see your feed on any computer Users still can not upload photos from a desktop or browse by hashtags The mobile-first company has been rolling out desktop features slowly over the past year
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reiterated his concern over the potential of a nuclear-armed Iran during meetings with top congressional leaders Tuesday . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu walks Tuesday with Reps. John Boehner , left , and Nancy Pelosi . He met with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee first , followed by House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and House Minority Leader John Boehner . An Iranian regime armed with nuclear weapons "  is a great danger to all of us , to Israel specifically and to the moderate Arab regimes , -LSB- and -RSB- to America , " Netanyahu said after his meeting with Pelosi and Boehner . "  Especially if this regime were to arm itself or arm terrorists with nuclear weapons , the consequences could be unimaginable . " Netanyahu also reiterated his call for normalizing relations between Israel and the "  broader Arab world " while moving forward on the Israeli-Palestinian peace process . Watch where Mideast flash points could be " "  We have to do this in tandem , " he said . "  That 's going to be our policy . ... If we do it together , we 'll get a lot further , a lot faster . " Pelosi said she endorsed a two-state solution for the Israelis and Palestinians , but emphasized that it "  must be a solution that provides for a democratic Jewish state of Israel living side by side with her Palestinian neighbors . " "  The question of Iran is one that is of concern to us in Congress , " she said . " ... It is an issue for the world . It is important for all of us to work together to be sure that Iran does not develop a weapon of mass destruction . " Netanyahu is on his first visit to Washington since becoming prime minister earlier this year -- his second time as head of Israel 's government . He met Monday with President Obama at the White House and dined with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Obama offered the hawkish Israeli leader a small diplomatic victory , warning that he would not allow Iran to drag out talks as a way of buying time while it develops nuclear weapons . Speaking at an Oval Office news conference , Obama again refused to commit to an "  artificial deadline " for Iranian negotiations . But he also warned that he would not allow such talks , which he expects to accelerate after the Iranian presidential election in June , to be used as an excuse for delay . Watch Obama start the clock on Iran " "  We 're not going to have talks forever . We 're not going to create a situation in which the talks become an excuse for inaction while Iran proceeds with developing ... and deploying a nuclear weapon , " he said . He said the United States is not "  foreclosing a range of steps , including much stronger international sanctions , in assuring that Iran understands that we are serious . " The issue of Iran 's nuclear ambitions has become increasingly urgent in recent months . Netanyahu wanted a time limit for negotiations relating to such ambitions , with the threat of military action if no resolution is reached . Both Israel and the United States believe Iran is seeking nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear energy program ; Tehran denies the accusation . Israeli leaders have pointed to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's calls for the end of Israel as a Jewish state , and argue that quick action is needed . Clinton and Netanyahu also talked about Iran , among other issues , during a 90-minute working dinner Monday night , according to a senior State Department official . "  Clinton 's messages were entirely consistent with President Obama 's , " the official said . "  She reiterated our support for a two-state solution , and explained our strategy for direct engagement as a means to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapons capability . " In his appearance at the White House , Netanyahu emphasized that while "  the common goal is peace ... the common threat we face are terrorist threats and organizations that seek to undermine -LSB- that -RSB- peace and threaten both our peoples . " The prime minister called Iran the biggest threat to peace in the region . "  If Iran were to acquire nuclear weapons , it could give a nuclear umbrella to terrorists , or worse , could actually give -LSB- them -RSB- nuclear weapons . And that would put us all in great peril , " he said . Obama is considered to have a more conciliatory approach to the Arab and Muslim world than Netanyahu . Obama supports the idea of a Palestinian state alongside a secure Israel . Netanyahu has not endorsed the idea , arguing that Israel first needs security guarantees and a clear Palestinian partner for peace talks . The Palestinians issued a statement after the meeting criticizing Netanyahu for failing to more explicitly endorse a two-state solution . Netanyahu "  missed yet another opportunity to show himself to be a genuine partner for peace , " said chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat . "  Calling for negotiations without a clearly defined end goal offers only the promise of more process , not progress . " Watch how hard-liners have driven breakthroughs for peace " Despite their differences , Obama and Netanyahu agree on numerous key issues , such as U.S. military and financial support for Israel . Obama also supports funding for Palestinian entities not controlled by Hamas , which controls Gaza and which the United States labels a terrorist organization . Before making his trip to Washington , Netanyahu met with leaders of Jordan and Egypt , viewed as potential partners in the effort to bring peace to the region . Obama will host Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on May 26 and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on May 28 . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report .	Israeli PM meets with Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Minority Leader John Boehner Iranian regime with nuclear weapons "  is a great danger to all of us , " Netanyahu says He calls for normalized relations with Arab world , peace process with Palestinians U.S. leaders also express concern over Iran 's nuclear intentions
CNN  -- It 's a sentiment many of us have shared : "  Marriage is n't for me . " But when writer Seth Adam Smith shared concerns over his impending marriage with his father , his advice proved to have mass appeal . "  You do n't marry to make yourself happy , you marry to make someone else happy , " Smith wrote in a blog post recounting his father 's words . "  More than that , your marriage is n't for yourself , you 're marrying for a family . Not just for the in-laws and all of that nonsense , but for your future children . Who do you want to help you raise them ? Who do you want to influence them ? Marriage is n't for you . It 's not about you . Marriage is about the person you married . " By Thursday , four days after Marriage Is n't For You published , the post had received 24 million views , Smith said in a follow-up post on his blog . It led to a great deal of media coverage and TV appearances on the Today Show , Fox & Friends and more . "  Honestly , I thought that 5,000-10 ,000 clicks would have been a monumental accomplishment . So to see a number like 24 million is staggering , inspiring , overwhelming , and more than a little intimidating , " Smith wrote in the post . Whether it 's a fear of commitment , the complexities of cohabitation or just a love of one 's own , blissfully uninterrupted company , there are an awful lot of deterrents to a stroll down the aisle . But every now and then , people like Smith drop some words of wisdom that resonate widely , putting it all in perspective . Perhaps unsurprisingly , grandparents and divorcees tend to be full of advice . Check out some of our favorite relationship advice on the Web . Click here if you ca n't see the list below . . Got marriage advice you 'd care to share ? We 'd love to hear it in the comments below .	Seth Adam Smith 's blog post "  Marriage Is n't for Me " drew 24 million page views in four days His father 's advice -- "  you marry to make someone else happy " -- proved to have mass appeal Grandparents , divorcees tend to be ripe sources for relationship advice on the Internet
CNN  -- Roberto Mancini 's sacking as Manchester City manager came as no surprise to Mario Balotelli . A year to the day after winning City 's first championship in nearly half a century , Mancini was sacked by the club 's Abu Dhabi owners on Monday . The 48-year-old Mancini 's dismissal followed City 's shock FA Cup defeat by Wigan on Saturday and their inability to defend their English Premier League title as rivals Manchester United ran away with the league this season . AC Milan striker Balotelli -- who played a part in City 's Premier League title success as City finished top for the first time in 44 years last season -- endured a love-hate relationship with his former manager before his move to Italy . "  I am not really surprised , " Balotelli , who joined Milan in a $ 30 million transfer in January , told CNN . "  When I was with him he was a great manager and we had the best , I think , one of the best teams I have played with . " After Mancini 's sacking , City 's former kit man Stephen Aziz , described the Italian as "  arrogant , vain and self-centred " in one of a series of tweets that were later deleted from his Twitter account on Tuesday . And Balotelli hinted at difficulties within the City squad . "  I do n't know why they did n't win . But obviously there were some problems inside - I do n't know . I am here so I do n't know . " The striker left City in January as he returned to Serie A following a training ground bust-up with Mancini -- an incident that was caught by photographers and received prominent media coverage . It was the final episode in a tempestuous partnership with Mancini first having given Balotelli his big break as a raw , but talented 16-year-old at Inter Milan . Jose Mourinho described Balotelli as "  unmanageable " during his time as Inter coach , but Mancini was more willing to forgive the talented striker 's misdemeanors . At times Balotelli endured a troubled time at City , crashing his car on the way to training just days after signing in August 2010 , while he was also reprimanded for throwing a dart at a youth team player the following March . In October 2011 , Balotelli was forced to call the emergency services to his home after a firework was set off in his bathroom , leading to a fire . The next day he helped City defeat Manchester United win 6-1 at their rival 's Old Trafford stadium before revealing a t-shirt emblazoned with the words , "  Why always me ? " Just weeks before their infamous coming together on January 3 , Mancini had spoken of his love and admiration for a man who he considered to be a son . "  I love Mario because for many years we have worked and lived together , " he told the British media in January . "  I 've seen him grow . But the professional relationship is another thing and I 've told Mario what I need from him . "	Mario Balotelli not surprised by Roberto Mancini 's sacking by Manchester City owners Balotelli worked under the Italian coach at Manchester City and Inter Milan Italy striker describes Mancini as a "  great manager " Forward says there were "  problems inside " City squad
CNN  -- The water had barely dried on the rain-soaked stages of Lollapalooza in Chicago Saturday night when festival founder Perry Farrell announced the franchise would be expanding to the Middle East next year . Lollapalooza Israel will take place August 20-22 , 2013 , in Tel Aviv 's Yarkon Park , making it the first large-scale global music event in the country . Israel marks the third international location for Lollapalooza , which expanded to Chile in 2011 and Brazil earlier this year . "  It 's like an oak seed , " Farrell explained to CNN . "  You look at it and go , ` What 's the potential of that thing ? ' Put it in the ground and it starts to sprout it , and it keeps growing , and more and more branches grow out of it . " The three-day festival in Israel 's second most populous city is scheduled for mid-week -- on a Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday -- steering clear of Friday , the Jewish Sabbath , when Orthodox observers abstain from driving , using modern technology and listening to music . "  I do n't think it would be great to do it on a Friday night . No one would go , " said Farrell . The 53-year-old musician played Tel Aviv with his band , Jane 's Addiction , last September , and if he has his way , Lollapalooza will also put its imprint on another city in Israel . "  We got a call from Jerusalem , the Holy City , and they want Lollapalooza to be there , too , " he confided . "  But it 's going to start in Tel Aviv , and we 're going to do something in Jerusalem . The mayor 's like , ` We want to bring young people , we want to change the perception of Jerusalem . ' So we 're even talking with them about it . " As for the next location on Lolla 's wish list , Farrell refused to tip his hand . "  I ca n't tell you , but make no mistake . I want to have a beautiful portfolio of Lollapaloozas to give to my children , " he said with a smile . Stormy weather conditions Saturday brought a brief postponement and evacuation of Grant Park during Saturday 's Lollapalooza in Chicago . The festival resumed in the evening .	Lollapalooza coming to Israel in 2013 Musical festival will take place over three days in Tel Aviv park Announcement made at Lollapalooza in Chicago
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court has upheld West Virginia 's redrawn congressional districts , and officials hope to have the changes in place for the November vote . The justices said in an unsigned opinion on Tuesday that a divided three-judge federal district court panel had "  misapplied the standards for evaluating " challenges to voting maps drawn by the state legislature . The case was thrown back to the lower court , which is expected to approve the changes in time for Election Day . West Virginia officials indicated previously they would use the redrawn map if they prevailed in court . All states are required to redo their voting boundaries following the recently completed U.S. Census . There are about 30 court cases nationally dealing with similar challenges . The issue before the Supreme Court was whether population variances among West Virginia 's three congressional districts were enough to violate the law . Decades old Supreme Court precedent has solidified the "  one person , one vote " standard to ensure equal voting districts . Precedent also requires states to make a "  good faith effort " to achieve equality in voting districts , but that those districts need not be drawn with "  precise mathematical equality . " The lower court concluded last January that the redrawn districts did not provide equal representation among seats for the U.S. House . The state is represented by Republicans David McKinley and Shelley Moore Capito and Democrat Nick Rahall . The redrawn maps were used in May primaries . West Virginia 's plan was approved by large margins in the state Senate and the House of Delegates , then signed into law by Democratic Gov. Earl Tomblin . Commissioners in Jefferson County originally sued to block the state from carrying out its plan , saying other legislative proposals would better achieve lower population variances . West Virginia state officials told the Supreme Court in their appeal that crafting a new map would be time-consuming , expensive , and cause "  irreparable harm . " But the Supreme Court 's ruling signaled skepticism of the lower court 's insistence on "  zero variance " in population between the districts . The redistricting process is inevitably political and partisan to some extent as the majority party in the state legislature seeks to achieve a map that will maximize its voting strengths . The case is Tennant v. Jefferson County Commission  11-1184  .	U.S. Supreme Court decision overturned lower court ruling on redrawn voter map State officials said they would proceed with new map in time for November election Issue was whether population variances in U.S. House districts were enough to violate the law
CNN  -- She 'd spent all year hoping to win her first British Open , but Inbee Park has bounced back from last month 's crushing disappointment . The South Korean golfer claimed her fifth major title on Sunday , retaining her LPGA Championship crown after once again going to a playoff . She needed three extra holes to win at Locust Hill last year , but this time one was enough as the 26-year-old ended American Brittany Lincicome 's hopes of a second major success . "  It was a very tough tournament to forget , since I was so close and I thought I was definitely able to do it , " Park said of the British Open , where she led going into the final round but faded to 10th after a 77 . "  That 's been the tournament that I 've really waited for all year long , and that 's been my only goal this year . And not being able to do it in the final round was very disappointing . "  It gives me a little bit of break from the British Open and I can kind of forget about it a little bit and kind of move on now . " This time Park came from behind , having been tied for second a shot adrift of 61st-ranked Lincicome going into the fourth round . She birdied the 17th and sank a 15-foot par putt at the last , while Lincicome three-putted 18 to ensure a playoff -- and then bogeyed as they played it again . It was world No. 3 Park 's second playoff in as many weeks , having lost to tour rookie compatriot Mirim Lee at the Meijer LPGA Classic in Michigan . She claimed her second tournament win this year -- which has inevitably paled into comparison with last year 's feats , when she won the season 's opening three majors plus three other LPGA events . "  This year was always going to be a tough year after having such a great year last year , " Park told reporters . "  You know , I feel like so far this season I 've really handled myself well in this position , and it feels like I 've played some good golf . And I played very consistently this year . I just sometimes did n't get that lucky as last year . Sometimes I just did n't putt as well . " For the 28-year-old Lincicome , it was her best finish at a major since winning the 2009 Kraft Nabisco Championship -- and she wept tears of joy at the finish , despite her playoff disappointment . "  I really feel like this will be the stepping stone that I kind of needed to push me to keep it going and to be in the top 10 each week like I was three years ago , " she said . Teenager Lydia Ko , ranked second in the world , finished third on eight under overall , three shots back from the leading duo . The 17-year-old New Zealander bogeyed the last two holes , but sealed her best finish at a major . Spain 's Azahara MuÃ ± oz tied for fourth with Swede Anna Nordqvist , while world No. 1 Stacy Lewis was equal sixth in a group including Lee and Norway 's 2007 winner Suzann Pettersen -- who had been tied for second with Park before closing with 76 . Meanwhile , on the men 's PGA Tour , Colombia 's Camilo Villegas clinched his place in the FedEx Cup playoffs with victory at the Wyndham Championship on Sunday . The 32-year-old earned his first title since 2010 as his final-round seven-under 63 left him one shot clear of American Bill Haas  64  and Swede Freddie Jacobson  66  . The former world No. 12 had tumbled to 254th in the rankings ahead of the tournament , but goes into the playoffs 37th in the U.S. tour 's standings after leaping 68 places on the money list with the $ 954,000 first prize .	Inbee Park wins her fifth major title with playoff win at LPGA Championship South Korea retains her title , having also won at a playoff last year She says her victory , at first extra hole , makes up for British Open disappointment Colombia 's Camilo Villegas heads into men 's FedEx Cup playoffs with victory
Eric Williams , a former justice of the peace in Texas accused of killing two prosecutors , could soon be sentenced to death after being convicted of capital murder . A Kaufman County , Texas , jury on Thursday took about 1 1/2 hours to find Williams guilty of murder in the death of Cynthia McLelland , the wife of that county 's then-District Attorney Michael McLelland , the county 's Bruce Wood said . The couple was fatally shot in March 2013 at their home in Forney , which is about 20 miles east of Dallas . Williams was n't put on trial for Michael McLelland 's death or the January 2013 killing of Kaufman County Assistant District Attorney Mark Hasse , though authorities did accuse him in both of those deaths . Even then , Williams could be executed . The sentencing phase in the Cynthia McLelland case is set for Monday morning , at which time prosecutors will ask jurors -- the same ones who found him guilty -- to recommend the death penalty , Wood said . "  I understand there will be quite a few witnesses brought in on both sides , " said Wood , who is a Kaufman County judge in addition to speaking for the county . Wood estimates the sentencing phase could last all next week . County Sheriff David Byrnes has said the three killings -- of Hasse and the McLellands -- stemmed from Williams ' "  past legal problems with the criminal justice system of this county . " These legal troubles included a 2012 conviction on burglary and theft charges that led to his removal as justice of the peace . According to court papers , his wife Kim has confessed to her role in the killings and implicated her husband as the triggerman . In Hasse 's death , Kim Williams was the getaway driver ; in the McLellands ' killings , she was the passenger , Byrnes has said . A grand jury tied all three killings together in April 2013 when they indicted the couple on capital murder , though Williams ' wife Kim has yet to stand trial . Plus , Eric Williams himself has n't been tried for Hasse or Michael McLelland 's deaths . The cases have shaken many in Kaufman County , a community of about 100,000 residents in northeastern Texas . "  It 's an unusual situation because it was an attack on law enforcement , but the other part of law enforcement -- the prosecution  as opposed to police  , " Wood said . "  That seldom occurs , especially in a rural county . "	Eric Williams , his wife were accused of killing 2 prosecutors , a prosecutor 's wife A Kaufman County jury finds him guilty of capital murder in the wife 's death Prosecutors will ask for the death penalty during sentencing , county official says
CNN  -- Alleged al Qaeda operative Abu Anas al Libi , accused of playing a role in the deadly bombings of the embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998 , denied terrorism charges when he appeared in federal court in New York Tuesday . He told the judge he played no role in al Qaeda 's 1998 attacks . We can expect the prosecution to lay out his alleged involvement in detail , provide evidence of his close ties to Osama Bin Laden , detail his computer skills and , crucially , present information about photographs of the U.S. embassy in Nairobi he is alleged to have taken before the attack . What we wo n't hear is how his trial may benefit al Qaeda today . Libya has oil and is one of Africa 's richest nations . In the two years since dictator Moammar Gadhafi was overthrown , Al Qaeda and its Islamist allies have become stronger there . U.S. Army Delta Force soldiers seized al Libi on October 5 from outside his house in the Libyan capital Tripoli . His arrest was followed by the kidnapping and subsequent release of Libya 's Prime Minister Ali Zeidan -- an incident he called an attempted coup . The country , according to the justice minister , is on the edge of becoming a failed state . There is no national army or police . Militias like the one that took the prime minister hold sway . Who calls the shots ? Who has the real power ? It appears that is being determined not through politics but by confrontation ; and right now in some parts of the country the Islamists have a strong hand . Al Libi 's trial in New York will influence events inside Libya and may provide ammunition to the Islamists . Libya 's Justice Minister Salah Marghani says he trusts the U.S. justice system , that al Libi is innocent until proven guilty . But that 's the rub . Such a statement angers Libya 's Islamists , who are implacably hostile to the U.S. and will use the Libyan government 's relationship with Washington as a stick with which to beat it . Most Libyans like the United States and are grateful to it and NATO for help in overthrowing Gadhafi . But in today 's increasingly lawless Libya , they are often powerless to speak up . And what does that lawlessness in Libya look like ? I found out first hand a few days ago . Filming a huge fire at Libya 's foreign ministry , yards from my hotel , we were surrounded by thuggish vigilantes . The man with the longest beard , whom they called "  Sheikh " , was in charge . They had no uniforms or IDs and tried to take us away , even wrestling the car keys from the ignition as we tried to drive away . For a while it felt like a kidnapping . Bergen : Good thing U.S. terrorist hunters were n't furloughed Eventually an educated passer-by stepped in . A few hours later my camera was returned by the man I 'd interviewed the night before . He controls Tripoli 's militias and freed the prime minister from his kidnapping just a few days earlier . Within sight of my hotel we 'd almost been hauled off and it was a militia , not the government , that had the power to save us . That same militia , I later learned , had a representative in an office at our hotel , a young man with a wispy beard called Sheikh Hamza , who kept a pump action shotgun under his desk . So how does al Libi 's New York trial play in to this mess ? When al Libi was captured , al Qaeda threatened to kidnap Americans in Libya and target western interests . In the east of the country around Benghazi , where al Qaeda and the Islamists are strongest , and where U.S. ambassador Chris Stevens was killed last year , security for westerners has deteriorated . In the past week the Swedish consulate in Benghazi has been attacked and Malta 's diplomat , one of the last in the city , has been forced to leave . Al Qaeda is doing everything it can to use al Libi 's case to leverage support . They will be watching his trial intently . What do Libyans think about al Libi ? Most Libyans I met ca n't understand why America picked up al Libi when they did . They know just how fragile security is in the country and fear the repercussions . Most assume his arrest had more to do with U.S. politics than benefiting Libya . They 've heard what his family has said -- that he was out of al Qaeda and living an open life in the capital . Short of evidence to contrary , they will believe that for now . They want him to get a fair trial . But if he is guilty they want him punished -- and they certainly do n't want him back if he is still with al Qaeda . They fear the growth of the Islamist factions and frankly wish America would do more to help on that count . What is Al Qaeda 's game plan ? Judging by past performance , al Qaeda will try to use al Libi 's trial to convince as many Libyans as possible that America is interfering in their country . Both al Libi 's son and Libya 's justice minister have said he should have a Libyan lawyer on his defense team . Such public pronouncements potentially set themselves up for failure that al Qaeda will gleefully exploit . Al Qaeda and its supporters have been establishing training camps in the east of the country for the past two years . They want to turn Libya into an Islamic state and have threatened to destroy European and American interests in Libya as well as develop it as a base for terrorist attacks in Europe . According to one official , such is al Qaeda 's ease of operations in eastern Libya , that hundreds of Islamists from neighboring north African nations are gravitating to the area . Libya is unpredictable ; anyone who tells you they know what will happen is wrong . The current trend is towards instability and ultimately a showdown between Islamists and more moderate factions . Al Libi 's capture has accelerated that process ; his trial could bring it still closer . Who are the world 's 10 most dangerous terrorists ?	Abu Anas al Libi , seized in Tripoli and brought to the U.S. , denies involvement in terrorist bombings of U.S. embassies Al Qaeda has strengthened its position in Libya since the overthrow of Moammar Gadhafi , says Nic Robertson Now al Qaeda will try to exploit the trial to convince Libyans that America is interfering in their country
CNN  -- Sevilla have won the Spanish Copa del Rey for the second time in four years , and fifth time in their history , after beating Atletico Madrid 2-0 in the Nou Camp final on Wednesday . A superb early strike from Diego Capel set Sevilla on their way and a late breakaway goal from Jesus Navas secured victory and prevented Atletico from adding to their Europa Liga triumph over Fulham last week . The Andalucians -- who beat Getafe 1-0 in the final in 2007 -- got off to a perfect start when they went ahead in just the fifth minute . A Navas shot from the right was blocked by the Atletico defense , but the ball fell superbly to Capel on the edge of the area , who let fly with a powerful left-foot strike that gave goalkeeper David De Gea no chance . Atletico poured forward looking for an equalizer and top scorer Diego Forlan was denied on more than one occasion -- notably when Sevilla goalkeeper Andres Palop made a superb save in the 79th minute . But their constant attacking left gaps at the back and in the final minute Sevilla broke clear , leaving Navas time and space to round De Gea before firing the ball home , sending the Sevilla fans -- who were out-numbered by the Atletico supporters -- into raptures . The result completes a memorable four days for Sevilla , who have added the cup to their success in snatching fourth position in La Liga on Sunday -- and a place in next season 's Champions League .	Sevilla defeat Atletico Madrid 2-0 at the Nou Camp to win the Spanish Copa del Rey An early strike from Diego Capel and a late Jesus Navas breakaway secures victory The result means Atletico failed to add the trophy to their success in the Europa Liga
CNN  -- Sometimes the journey is the destination . These rail adventures , from the modest to the most decadent , offer a mix of breathtaking scenery , a window on the role of the railroad in North American history and opportunities to enjoy leisure and luxury while watching the world roll by . Metro-North : Manhattan to Poughkeepsie , New York On your next visit to New York City , skip the pricey tourist traps for an inexpensive afternoon jaunt celebrating both river and rail that offers a glimpse into the golden age of passenger and freight train travel . Take Metro-North from landmark Grand Central Terminal to Poughkeepsie through the storied Hudson Valley , then stroll across the mighty Hudson 212 feet in the sky , atop a historic rail bridge that 's been transformed into a pedestrian walkway . Let the adventure begin at Grand Central with an audio or self-guided tour including architectural highlights as well as "  little known secrets " about the station 's history . Before you set out , download the audio tour to your smartphone or print out a free self-guided tour map . Or rent a headset at the station . To fuel your imagination and make the most of this low-cost adventure , come to Metro-North prepared with a copy of Karl Zimmerman 's book "  20th Century Limited . " The 20th Century was the iconic luxury train that ran this route from 1902 to 1967 , transporting the glitterati from Manhattan to Chicago . "  It was the finest train in the world in its day , " explains Henry Posner III , chairman of Railroad Development Corp. , the Pittsburgh-based investor in railways worldwide , and a rail fan since the day he purchased his first copy of Trains magazine at age 14 . "  Every time the train left the station it was a media event . " Photos : Illuminating an American railroad With open eyes and an open mind , hop aboard the no-frills , workaday commuter rail for an under-two-hour , one-way journey that will cost you about $ 16 , or slightly more during peak hours . Between glances out the window , flip the pages of Zimmerman 's book , which tells the story , in words and pictures , of the train that carried celebrated passengers -- movie stars and moguls among them -- who partook of a full array of on-board services , including showers , barbers and secretaries . Appetite whetted by descriptions of gourmet meals served aboard the 20th Century , arrive in Poughkeepsie ready for lunch . Enjoy the view of the Hudson from the back deck of River Station Restaurant while digging into generous portions of steak , lobster or stuffed scallops , among other favorites . Show your Metro-North ticket for a 25 % discount on your meal and then , depending on your energy level , hop on the restaurant 's free shuttle , take a five-minute taxi ride or walk the 20 minutes to your next  free  destination , known as the "  Walkway Over the Hudson . " When it officially opened in 1889 , the Poughkeepsie-Highland Railroad Bridge was the longest bridge in North America . Once a pivotal transportation link , connecting western goods to eastern industry via rail , today it 's the world 's longest elevated pedestrian bridge . It stretches 1.28 miles , offering up spectacular panoramic views of the Catskill Mountains above and the sparkling river below . If all this river gazing leaves you wanting a closer look , consider rounding out your evening with an Empire Cruise in the Heart of the Hudson Valley -- a sightseeing riverboat ride on which you can hear stories of "  industrial barons , ladies of the Gilded Age and explorers of long ago . " Metro-North has discount packages available . Amtrak 's Empire Builder : Chicago to Glacier National Park in Montana This adventure begins in Chicago , though more enthusiastic rail fans might start their trip an hour and half northwest of the city in Union , Illinois , at the Illinois Railway Museum . It 's said to be America 's largest . Book your ticket to depart from Chicago 's Union Station . For a comfortable , mid-price  about $ 375 to $ 800 , depending on your travel dates  one-way Empire Builder ride , book a "  roomette " aboard the double-decker Superliner . Slide into a recliner in front of your very own picture window , and let the 30-hour show begin . Once outside the city , the tracks breeze through thick Illinois woods , and then Wisconsin farmland . At dinnertime , choose from a menu that includes marinated steak and herb-roasted chicken , and by the time you finish dessert , Mississippi River birds and barges will have come into view . Settle into one of two bunks in your roomette against a backdrop of the twinkling lights of the Minneapolis and St. Paul skylines . Awake to see hay fields in the North Dakota plains . After breakfast -- blueberry compote French toast , anyone ? -- venture out into the Sightseer Lounge , where a dome of windows allows for panoramic views and glimpses of prairie wildlife . On some trains , an on-board National Park Service guide will share the region 's flora , fauna and cultural heritage . After lunch , head to the dining car for a wine and cheese tasting featuring Oregon and Wisconsin specialties , exclusively for sleeping car guests . Answer enough train trivia questions correctly and you could walk away with a free bottle of wine . Spend the evening enjoying your winnings while watching the Rocky Mountains launch themselves out of the prairie before you . Following a day of gazing onto Montana Big Sky country , prepare to disembark at one of three or four stops  depending on the season  within Glacier National Park . Dubbed "  Crown of the Continent , " the park is a hiker 's wonderland of mountains , forests , lakes , and alpine meadows . After 30 hours of watching leisurely as all these diverse vistas pass by , you 'll be ready to stretch your legs and plunge feet first into the landscape . If you want to see the Pacific Northwest as you travel along portions of the Lewis and Clark Trail , get back on the Empire Builder and take the southern leg to Portland , Oregon , when the train splits at Spokane , Washington . The northern leg will take you to Seattle . Via Rail 's Canadian : Toronto to Vancouver , Canada The 20th Century Limited is now just a memory , but Via Rail 's Canadian route offers a taste of modern rail luxury that draws more than 100,000 travelers each year . This four-day trip aboard newly renovated trains offers upscale accommodations and spectacular scenery , as well as the chance to step off the train and take in the flavor of several stops en route . Rail devotee Posner recommends taking this trip in the off-season , when relatively empty cars grant you the sense of being "  on your own private train , " but keep in mind that Canadian winters are n't for the faint of heart . For an upscale journey , purchase a one-way Sleeper Plus ticket  from $ 1,336 to $ 2,120 , depending on travel dates with occasional last-minute Express Deals  . It includes a comfortable private cabin , a shared shower and all meals , as well as privileged access to the recently refurbished Park car , featuring 360-degree views on the upper observation deck as well as two elegant lounges . Kick off your long-haul Canadian adventure in Toronto at 10 p.m. and settle into your cabin , complete with a duvet , crisp white bed linens and a private vanity , sink and WC . Before long you 'll reach the gateway to the Muskoka Lakes and , soon enough , "  dreamland " as the gentle sway of the train lulls you to sleep . In the morning , draw the curtains on your big picture window to catch a glimpse of the billion-year-old exposed bedrock of the Canadian Shield , peppered with small settlements established at regular intervals to service locomotives . Head to the dining car for a lunch of Greenland turbot and Atlantic salmon cake wrapped with a thin salmon filet , Angus burger on ciabatta , or quinoa salad with pears and feta . Then work off your meal with a walk around Hornepayne , where a 40-minute stopover grants you the opportunity to explore the small town that sprang up solely because of the railroad . Log piles and plywood plants along the tracks display the town 's current major industry : wood . The different "  slices of life " revealed by stops like this one are exactly what Posner loves about the Canadian . When you reach Winnipeg on the morning of day three , take advantage of the nearly five-hour stop to explore the Forks , the historic shopping and dining district at the junction of the Assiniboine and Red rivers -- a trading center for more than 6,000 years . Also make time , of course , for the Winnipeg Railway Museum , located right in the station , to view 37,500 square feet of railway artifacts , including the first steam locomotive on the Canadian prairies , the Countess of Dufferin , and an early diesel locomotive . Another must-see stop toward the end of your journey is Jasper , located right in the heart of the Canadian Rockies , where goats and elk graze along the tracks and a one-and-a-half-hour stopover is sufficient to explore the whole town on foot . Final stop : Vancouver , Canada 's Pacific Coast gem , and the chance to sort through your photos and memories of the diversity of the country 's landscapes , from the boreal forests to the prairies to the Rocky Mountains . Do you have any fond memories of riding the railroads recently or as a child ? For those who are railroad aficionados , what are your favorite railroads and why ?	The Poughkeepsie-Highland RR Bridge is now the longest elevated pedestrian bridge Book a "  roomette " on Amtrak 's Empire Builder for a comfortable , mid-price ride A view of the Canadian Shield is just one highlight of Via Rail 's Canadian ride
