CNN  -- A 5-year-old Croatian girl with leukemia will be receiving treatment in America , thanks to her home country 's generosity . When Nora Situm 's mother contacted Croatian media to help raise the $ 575,000 needed for her daughter 's treatment , they made sure that goal was met . "  It was very expensive , but Croatian people have great hearts , " said Djurdja Aleksic , a family friend and a member of Hrabro dijete  brave child  , an organization that helps sick children . Nora is known in her home country as brave heart , according to Aleksic . "  She is a very sick little girl , but very strong , " she said . Within weeks of her mother 's request , people from all over Croatia donated to Nora 's cause , according to Aleksic . Nora was due to arrive late Thursday or early Friday for treatment at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia . The effort was impressive , given Croatia 's feeble economy . Between 2000 and 2007 , the country 's economy improved slowly , according to the CIA World Factbook . But Croatia has yet to recover from an abrupt slowdown in 2008 , the CIA said . A flap arose when people heard that an additional $ 262,000 may be needed for long-term follow-up care for Nora . People took to the hospital 's Facebook page , upset about the charge , but a person who identified herself as a part of Nora 's family said there was a misunderstanding in correspondence with the hospital and asked people to stop posting negative comments . Children 's Hospital , in a statment sent to CNN Wednesday , said "  we try to ensure that all international families understand the difference between the initial costs of treatment charged by CHOP , which does not change , and the potential future costs which will depend on future clinical treatments . " The hospital does not charge for follow-up treatment at the time of initial treatment and will not ask for it if the child does not receive further treatment , it said . Fortunately , according to Aleksic , the public and the Croatian government donated money to cover the additional amount , if it proves necessary .	Nora Situm , 5 , has leukemia and will receive treatment at Philadelphia hospital Fellow Croats raised more than $ 800,000 after media appeal from her mother Croatia is still reeling from financial decline in 2008
CNN  -- For Jo Sharpton , it started so early that she ca n't quite recall how long ago it was . She does have a specific memory of enjoying the works of J.R.R. Tolkien at age 7 . "  I remember that my sister and I saw the Rankin-Bass animated version of ` The Hobbit , ' and then had the special deluxe Double LP Edition , " she said . "  We listened to this dozens , if not hundreds , of times , memorizing every piece of music , every word of dialogue , every special effects sound . At such a young age , I was immune to the bigger picture of Tolkien 's world -- it was enough for me to enjoy the kids ' story for what it was . " With 75 years of history to draw on , and an official Tolkien Society for 40 of those years , countless fans like Sharpton have begun their journeys with stories like this . In so many ways , Tolkien fandom has become a family affair . Now an adult , Sharpton sees this week 's release of "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey , " as a chance for what she calls a "  family reunion . " The retail worker from Atlanta will be joining 50 of her closest friends in Tolkien fandom , all traveling to Pleasant Hill , Kentucky , to see the movie as a group . The town 's Shaker Village holds a special place in the hearts of those in her large group , because they have held two gatherings there since 2008 . They 're called "  A Long Expected Party , " a term based on the first chapter of "  Fellowship of the Ring . " The Shaker Village , once home to a 19th century religious community , was seen as the perfect stand-in for the Hobbits ' Shire from Tolkien 's stories . "  We had over a hundred attendees , for three days of music , laughter , love and ` Fellowship , ' " says Sharpton of the first gathering in 2008 . "  We thought of ourselves as the anti-  fan  convention -- no hurried crowds , no standing in lines for hours , no cold , lonely hotel rooms . " The lack of amenities was seen as a plus : "  There was very little technology present -- some of the houses and rooms did not even have TV 's , Internet was only available in a couple of places , and there was little to any cell phone reception . And no one cared . In fact , it made the magic all the more real . We were in the Shire . We were living in Tolkien 's world , if only for a few days . " They plan to do it all over again in 2014 , but this weekend 's smaller gathering will be special as well . As at "  A Long Expected Party , " many of them will attend the movie in costume . "  It is something that most of us have been looking forward to for months . " Sharpton really started to appreciate Tolkien 's work in her teen years , and was especially drawn to the character of Eowyn , a hero who dresses as a man in armor to fight in a battle in "  Return of the King . " "  I admire  her courage , her desperation , her need to love and be loved , her desire for honor and glory ` far above the mean things that crawl upon the Earth , ' " says Sharpton . "  I began to write stories about her as a teen , using her as a character of her future self , having finally found love and honor but always yearning for that little bit more . " Like Sharpton 's Eowyn , a particular Tolkien character captured the imagination of Nadine Palmer of San Antonio : Arwen , the elf portrayed by Liv Tyler in Peter Jackson 's series of Tolkien films , starting with "  The Lord of the Rings . " She , too , plans to attend "  The Hobbit " in costume , but she has taken it a step further : Costuming is now her business as well . Jackson 's "  Fellowship of the Ring " captivated her as a teenager in 2001 and she immediately sought out Tolkien 's work in the library . But the costumes also stood out to her in a big way . "  I made it a point to learn how to sew costumes due to how gorgeous the costume design was in this film , " she said . "  I made a costume of Arwen 's that was five sizes too big , made from the completely wrong fabrics , and by all accounts was horrible ! But I loved it . I was so proud that I did hand-beading on the sleeves and I had grown my hair out to an elven length . And I had elf ears ! " In 2004 , she went to Atlanta 's Dragon * Con and spent time with a cosplay group called "  Arms of Middle-earth . " That 's where she met "  a cute guy dressed as ` behind the scenes Legolas . ' " She and her now-boyfriend work on Celtic Ruins costuming , and , of course , have grand plans for "  The Hobbit " release . "  I 've just completed a nearly screen-accurate Bilbo for a friend who looks , creepily , like Martin Freeman ! Handmade down to the buttons . " Costuming is n't the only thing Tolkien fans have in common . It 's quite literally a family affair for those who pass down a love of Tolkien stories from generation to generation . There is live-action Tolkien role-playing , where fans re-enact scenes from the book or create new ones . In preparation for the movie , fans are re-reading the book , creating flow charts identifying dwarves versus hobbits , putting on trivia contests , updating their cosplay progress , and that old standby , posting Instagram photos of movie tickets . With "  The Hobbit " trilogy expected to be another box office behemoth , Tolkien fandom can only grow from here . CNN 's Nikki Rau-Baker contributed to this story .	J.R.R. Tolkien fans welcome theater release of "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey " Large group of fans planning to see the movie in Kentucky after a Hobbit-themed party Relationships and families have begun and grown closer through Tolkien 's stories After 75 years , Tolkien fans have taken to social media to continue exploring his work
CNN  -- On the day that Gareth Bale commanded headlines by joining Real Madrid in a big-money move , Lionel Messi made news by scoring a hat-trick for Barcelona in a 3-2 win against Valencia . Messi 's treble was his 23rd in the league for Barcelona and handed the away side a 3-0 advantage within 41 minutes at the Mestalla . Barcelona then had to hang on at times after Helder Postiga netted a brace just before halftime . The home side also had a pair of penalty appeals waved away by the referee . "  We could have ended with a 3-3 , 2-3 or 2-5 , " Barcelona manager Gerardo Martino told the club website . "  Regardless of what could have happened I would leave here very pleased with how the team played . We found what we were looking for . " Cesc Fabregas set up Messi 's first two goals after good work from holding midfielder Sergio Busquets , and summer signing Neymar linked up with the Argentine on the third . Brazilian forward Neymar and Messi started together for the first time in the league after neither found the net in the second leg of the Spanish Super Cup last week . "  There was concern about how Neymar and Messi were going to interact on the pitch after they played their first match together , " Martino said . "  They fixed that in less than 24 hours . " Barcelona has won all three of its league games , like arch-rival Real Madrid . Several hours before Bale 's deal was announced , Madrid defeated Athletic Bilbao 3-1 . Cristiano Ronaldo scored his first goal -- Messi has five -- with a header from Angel di Maria 's perfect cross . But it was 21-year-old Spanish international Isco and Bale 's former teammate at Tottenham , Luka Modric , who earned praise from Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti . Isco , a summer arrival from Malaga , accounted for the two other goals and Modric impressed with his work rate in midfield . "  He was fantastic , " Ancelotti told Madrid 's website , referring to Modric . Switching to Isco , Ancelotti added : "  He is playing very well and he makes it look like he 's been here for years . He has character and ability and that is very important for us . " Dortmund on a roll Only one team in the Bundesliga remains unbeaten through four games -- and it 's Borussia Dortmund . Dortmund beat Eintracht Frankfurt 2-1 thanks to a double from midfielder Henrikh Mkhitaryan . Mkhitaryan scored his first two goals for Dortmund after his $ 35 million transfer from Shakhtar Donetsk . It was n't a vintage display by the Champions League runner-up but manager Jurgen Klopp was n't arguing with the result . "  We have to play better football , there 's no question , " Klopp was quoted as saying by AP . "  I 've seen a few weaknesses in our build-up play and ideally we need to defend better . Still , with 12 points after four games , this is complaining at a high level . " Defending champion Bayern Munich trails Dortmund by two points . In Ligue 1 , Monaco moved atop the table with a 2-1 win over previously unbeaten Marseille . Marseille led 1-0 at home before Radamel Falcao and Emmanuel Riviere scored in the second half . Falcao and Riviere have already combined for eight goals this term .	Lionel Messi scores three first-half goals for Barcelona on the road against Valencia Valencia rallied to make the game close thanks to two goals from Helder Postiga Luka Modric and Isco starred for Real Madrid in a 3-1 win over Athletic Bilbao In Germany , Champions League runner-up Borussia Dortmund also stayed perfect
San Diego  CNN  -- It ca n't be . The Republican Party 's wise new sage on immigration is ... Mitt Romney ? In a recent interview with Univision , the Spanish-language television network , the former presidential candidate -- whom some suspect may be gearing up to run again in 2016 -- criticized President Obama 's use of executive action to temporarily re-prioritize deportations . Nothing new here , folks . Most Republicans posed the same criticism , even at the cost of looking like hypocrites for contradicting their George W. Bush-era views in favor of expanding executive power . One minute , Republicans are threatening not to work with Obama on any issue ; the next , they 're whining that Obama did n't wait around to work with them on immigration . And I thought elephants were supposed to have good memories . But there is more . In the Univision interview , Romney also said that permanent immigration reform was "  badly needed " and urged Republicans in Congress to pass legislation that will make "  more transparent " the process by which illegal immigrants can obtain residency . "  Maybe even then , " Romney said , "  Republicans will swallow hard and say , ` OK , even despite the fact that we now have a stick in our eye launched by the President , we 're going to go ahead and try and see if we ca n't make some improvements to the immigration system . ' I hope we 're able to do that . " Conservative radio hosts , who constantly demonstrate how poorly they understand the immigration issue , went ballistic . They tore into Romney , accusing him of capitulating to the left 's demands for "  amnesty . " Meanwhile , some of their callers , who often seem to understand the issue even less , insisted that Romney supported "  an open border . " More than one right-wing commentator declared Romney 's possible presidential bid over before it began . Of course , what Romney said is completely reasonable . The immigration system is broken , and Republicans should try to fix it . That 's what leaders and lawmakers are supposed to do . Moreover , now that Obama has put Republicans in "  check " with his executive action , the only move they have left for "  checkmate " is to pass an immigration bill that is more substantial than his executive action . Republicans do n't have to give away the store and provide millions of people here illegally with citizenship , complete with voting privileges . They can approve work permits , and couple it with border security and those guest workers for which their friends in the business community have such an insatiable hunger . And , in the ramp up to 2016 , it would n't hurt the GOP to appear less hostile to Hispanics , both immigrants and the native-born . Republicans should think of passing immigration reform as an investment for the future . Still , there must be a mistake . You 're telling me that Romney is sounding like a grown-up when talking about immigration ? Who knew that was possible ? In 2012 , whether it was on the campaign trail or in debates with fellow Republicans , Romney often demagogued the issue to scare up votes from those who tremble at the thought that America is becoming more Latino . The former governor of Massachusetts said one wrong thing after another . Remember when he made that tacky joke with donors , suggesting that he might "  have a better shot at winning " the presidency if he were Latino . Romney also promised that , if he were elected president and if Congress passed the DREAM Act -- a popular piece of legislation with Latinos , which would have allowed undocumented students to stay in the country if they went to college or joined the military -- that he would veto the bill . He attacked Texas Gov. Rick Perry for signing a law that allows illegal immigrants to pay in-state tuition at public colleges and universities . And then he blasted former House Speaker Newt Gingrich for proposing work permits for the undocumented and declaring that the GOP should n't split up families . Romney came off as cynical when his campaign put up a television ad that tried to discredit Perry by portraying him as chummy with former Mexican President Vicente Fox . And then he came across as hypocritical when it came out that , for all his fire-breathing against illegal immigrants , he had hired -- to work on his house in Massachusetts -- a landscaping company that employed them . While other candidates were going out and trying to get Hispanics to pick them , Romney seemed to go out of his way to pick on Hispanics . It 's no wonder that Romney -- who , ironically , had a father who was born in Mexico and a record of supporting immigration reform as Massachusetts governor -- became persona non grata with Hispanics . On election day , the Republican pulled down only 27 percent of the Hispanic vote . Obama got 71 percent . Even after the election , Romney 's Hispanic "  offensive " still was n't over . He had the gall in a post-election phone call with supporters to insist that the reason he did so poorly was because Obama gave Hispanics a bunch of freebies including Obamacare and "  amnesty for the children of illegals . " When a candidate gets into a hole this deep with any group of voters , it 's almost impossible to get out . But , whether he runs for president again or not , Romney seems determined to try . And the first thing he 's doing is taking on immigration with an eye toward solutions as opposed to soundbites . When it comes to this contentious issue , I have no idea what brought Romney to his senses . But whatever it is , let 's hope that other Republicans are exposed to it -- and that it 's highly contagious .	Ruben Navarrette : In the 2012 election , Mitt Romney was a backward voice on immigration He criticized Rick Perry , Newt Gingrich for ideas that helped immigrants , Navarrette says Navarrette : This year , Romney is wisely calling on GOP to pass immigration reform He says it 's the one smart way Republicans can respond to Obama 's executive action
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt struggled Sunday to retake control of a vital northeastern port city after a riot broke out following news that 21 people had been sentenced to death for their roles in last year 's deadly clashes at a soccer match at the Port Said stadium . The riot in Port Said follows other violence , which was tied more to unrest over Egypt 's current leadership . They are nonetheless symptomatic of instability and insecurity two years after longtime President Hosni Mubarak was ousted . By early Sunday morning , the death toll in Port Said climbed to 31 , according to Dr. Ahmed Omar , a health ministry spokesman , who spoke to state-run EGYNews . At least 322 were injured , including 61 who remained hospitalized , he said . Security forces closed roads in and out of Port Said , which sits along the Mediterranean Sea at the northern entrance of the Suez Canal . They were also fighting to take back a police station and other government buildings that were either looted and burned or taken over by rioters , according to state media reports . The violence began Saturday outside a prison after relatives of those convicted clashed with police and prison guards , the head of Port Said hospitals told state-run Nile TV . Some of the defendants ' relatives tried to storm the Port Said prison to free their loved ones being held inside , interior ministry spokesman Brig. Gen. Osama Ismail told Nile TV . A deadly match They were angry because 21 of their relatives had just been sentenced to death for their role in a February 1 , 2012 , riot that occurred at the close of a match between Cairo 's prestigious Al-Ahly football club and the host Al-Masry team . When the riot was over at the stadium , 73 people were dead and more than 1,000 wounded . Egypt 's general prosecutor charged 75 people with premeditated murder and attempted murder , while three Al-Masry officials and nine police officers were charged with "  assisting the murderers . " According to the prosecutor 's office , those charged with assisting knew about the assault ahead of time , did n't confiscate weapons in advance , did n't stop them and -- in the case of an electricity engineer who was charged -- turned off the lights directly over the bleachers where the Al-Ahly fans were sitting right after the visiting team wrapped up its 3-1 victory . Fans from both sides bashed each other with rocks and chairs , yet prosecutors claimed the Port Said supporters were also armed with knives and other weapons . Many died after falling from bleachers inside the stadium , while others suffocated . Clashes enter 3rd day As security forces tried to regain control of the streets in Port Said , clashes between anti-government protesters and security forces in Cairo entered its third day . Police and soldiers used tear gas to quell a sometimes violent demonstration near Cairo 's Tahrir Square -- the symbolic center of Egypt 's revolution . Demonstrators threw rocks and burned tires and boxes , according to state-run Ahram newspaper . The protests in Cairo , Alexandria , Suez and elsewhere in recent days have focused their anger at current President Mohamed Morsy . The former Muslim Brotherhood leader , who became Egypt 's first democratically elected leader last year , has come under fire by some who compared him to Mubarak and said he amassed power for himself and his Islamist allies . He has insisted his moves were necessary to move Egypt forward in the face of pressing issues and persistent obstacles . On Friday -- the anniversary of what some call the January 25 Revolution -- six people were killed in Suez and one in Ismailia , amid clashes involving anti-government protesters and those supportive of Morsy , as well as police . Hundreds more were injured in the unrest nationwide . Journalist Ramy Francis and CNN 's Reza Sayah reported from Cairo ; CNN 's Amir Ahmed reported Atlanta . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	The health ministry puts the casualties at 31 dead , more than 300 wounded The roads in and out of Port Said have been closed Security forces are trying to retake a police station and other buildings , state-run media says Clashes between anti-government protesters and police are underway in Cairo , officials say
CNN  -- An icy asteroid orbiting the sun between Mars and Saturn is adding credence to theories that Earth 's water was delivered from space , according to a report published in the new issue of the science journal Nature . Two teams of scientists found their evidence when looking at 24 Themis , a asteroid about 479 million kilometers  300 million miles  from the sun , or roughly three times the average distance from Earth to the sun . Using the infrared telescope at Mauna Kea , Hawaii , they were surprised to find not only water on 24 Themis , but organic compounds as well . Asteroids were thought to be devoid of water because they sit too close to the sun , while comets have been the water bearers of the universe because they form farther out in space . "  Astronomers have looked at dozens of asteroids with this technique , but this is the first time we 've seen ice on the surface and organics , " astronomer Andrew Rivkin of the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Maryland , told Nature.com . The scientific teams from Johns Hopkins and the University of Central Florida that looked at 24 Themis speculate that the ice may be held in a reservoir under the asteroid 's surface . They speculate that the water is brought to the surface as small bodies in the asteroid belt hit the surface of 24 Themis . The findings on 24 Themis lend weight to the idea that asteroids and comets are the source of Earth 's water and organic material . Geochemists believe that early Earth went through a molten phase that would have removed any organic molecules , meaning any new organic material would have had to come to the planet at a later time , said Humberto Campins at UCF . "  I believe our findings are linked to the origin of life on Earth , " he added . Scientists now plan to scan the asteroid belt for more evidence of water and organic materials , hoping to determine if 24 Themis is just an interloper -- possibly a comet that got caught in the asteroid belt -- or the first of many water-bearing asteroids that will change the way astronomers look at the solar system . "  The old-fashioned picture of the solar system in which asteroids are asteroids and comets are comets is getting harder to sustain , " Rivkin said .	Report : Scientists find first evidence of water on asteroid Organic compounds were also found on 24 Themis Asteroids were once thought not to contain water because they were too close to sun
CNN  -- Two top Croatian commanders previously convicted of war crimes and crimes against humanity during the Balkan wars were acquitted Friday . The International Criminal Court for the former Yugoslavia ordered the release of Ante Gotovina and Mladen Markac and reversed all of their convictions . Read more : Genocide count dropped in Karadzic trial Gotovina and Markac participated in an ethnic cleansing operation in Croatia 's Krajina region between July and September 1995 , the court ruled last year . . Gotovina , a general who commanded Croatia 's Split military district during the mid-1990s war that led to the disintegration of Yugoslavia , had been sentenced to 24 years in prison . Markac , who headed the Interior Ministry 's Special Police , received an 18-year prison term . Read more : Ratko Mladic : Brutal villain to many , hero to others But the court 's Appeals Chamber found errors in the ruling , including the failure to find "  the existence of a joint criminal enterprise " intent on permanently and forcibly removing Serb civilians from the Krajina region . Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic 's office issued a statement criticizing the development . "  The tribunal has made a political decision and not a legal ruling . This will continue to destabilize the situation in the region and it will open old wounds , " the statement said . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	The case stems from the fighting in Croatia 's Krajina region Ante Gotovina commanded a military district ; Mladen Markac headed a police unit Serbia 's president calls the action "  a political decision and not a legal ruling "
CNN  -- A love story released in time for Valentine 's Day , bringing together the stars of "  The Notebook "  Rachel McAdams  and "  Dear John "  Channing Tatum  ? Sounds like a cookie-cutter chick flick , for sure . But "  The Vow " surpasses low expectations , for this male film critic at any rate , if only because it hits on an intriguing yarn and plays it out with some respect for the characters involved . Tatum is Leo , a young man whose blissfully happy marriage is rear-ended by a snowplow -- propelling wife Paige  McAdams  through the windscreen and into a brain trauma unit . When she wakes up , she 's okay -- except that she 's wiped out the last five years entirely . She does n't know Leo , does n't remember dropping out of law school and switching to art classes , and does n't like anything she finds in her wardrobe . She also does n't remember cutting off her parents and her sister -- Leo 's never even met them before -- or why she broke up with her fiancÃ © , Jeremy . Amnesia often figures as a handy crutch for thriller writers who love teasing out doubt and deception , but Michael Sucsy 's movie is a different beast , a romance first and foremost , but a romance that claims to be inspired by a true story . Sucsy  who directed Drew Barrymore and Jessica Lange in "  Grey Gardens "  plays down the condition 's inherent paranoia , in part by drawing us in through the eyes of the husband , Leo . Here 's a guy who loves his wife , but who finds himself alone in the marriage because everything they shared as a couple has been erased . For Paige , home is the house she grew up in and the parents she remembers -- wealthy , privileged suburbanites who are only too keen to set back the clock and pretend their little girl never strayed across the tracks . An actor who finds "  perplexed and concerned " well within his limited range , Channing Tatum is a good fit for the bruised and brooding Leo , and the lively Rachel McAdams has some nice moments as the  blank ?  Paige -- but flashbacks to happier days try too hard to force a chemistry that remains more theoretical than felt . Still , the scenario  Sucsy is one of five credited writers  throws up some arresting questions about the nature of love . How can Leo still be in love with this woman who is a stranger to herself ? Can he make her fall back in love with him ? Is it even fair to try ? Because these ideas are also emotional dilemmas the movie works surprisingly well despite its shortcuts and shortcomings . It certainly is n't subtle about its preference for the sympathetic Leo -- and by extension , the vegan , tattooed , artistic Paige who voted for Obama -- over her domineering father , played by Sam Neill , and the conservative values he represents -- even though the uptown scenes are generally better written and more convincingly played than what amounts to a sitcom notion of bohemian chic . Of course it 's more than a little convenient that Paige never stops to ask why she walked out on the life she was groomed for -- the story 's second , hidden trauma . If she had , the whole construct falls apart . But let that go . This is mostly a poignant and touching effort . Just as Leo woos his estranged wife with "  Chocolate roulette "  not a game Rachel McAdams plays very often I 'm betting  , given the choice between hard edges and gooey centers , Sucsy invariably heads for the fudge : it 's sweet and chewy and fun to share .	"  The Vow " hits on an intriguing yarn and plays it out Michael Sucsy 's movie is a different beast , a romance first and foremost Channing Tatum is a good fit for the bruised and brooding Leo
CNN  -- It 's time for those of us who are good men to start acknowledging the role that male socialization plays in domestic and sexual violence . As good men , we must begin to acknowledge and own our responsibility to be part of the solution to ending violence against women and girls . What is a good man ? A good man is a man who believes women should be respected . A good man would not assault a woman . A good man believes in equality for women . A good man honors the women in his life . A good man , for all practical purposes , is a nice guy . We believe this to be the majority of men . There is a minority of men who perpetuate a tremendous amount of violence against women . These men are counting on good men to stay true to rules -- the rules that actually allow them to be who they are in the presence of good men . These rules are what we call the ingredients in the "  man box . " These rules are also the foundation of how we as men collectively define manhood . The man box teaches us as men that we must be tough , strong , aggressive and dominating . We are taught not to show feelings and emotions . We are taught that we should be in charge , leaders and protectors . And if we fall short we lose our status and are placed outside the box . TED.com : Rachel Botsman on the case for collaborative consumption Outside the box is reserved for women , and for men defined as being less than fully male , or "  woman-like " . The man box at times can be hypermasculine and extremely homophobic . With that being said , "  outside the man box " is a place most men do n't want to be . So we find ourselves staying true to the rules of the man box , many times operating from a subconscious place , just on remote control , doing what 's natural to us . We as good men do n't realize that every time we tell a boy that he is acting like a girl , we are actually saying that girls are "  less than . " We all know that a college freshman woman is known on campus as "  fresh meat . " And while we know that domestic violence is wrong and a crime , it continues to be tolerated in many of our communities . It is with this understanding that our work , our vision , is not to beat up on good men , but instead to help us understand , through a process of re-education and accountability , that with all of our goodness , we still have been socialized to maintain a system of domination , dehumanization and oppression over women . While we as good men would never hurt women , our collective socialization is the foundation that violence against women is built upon . TED.com : Sam Martin on the quirky world of "  manspaces " There are three key aspects of male socialization that are the foundation of men 's violence against women : • Men viewing women as "  less than ; " • Men treating women as property ; • Men viewing women as objects . We as good men have to find our voice and began to challenge this collective socialization of men . We as good men have to teach our sons and other young men how to truly respect and promote equality for women . We as good men have to envision the world we want to see for our daughters and other girls -- and in that world how would we want to see our sons and other men acting and behaving . We must as good men understand that the world we want for our daughters and other girls wo n't happen through osmosis . We as good men have to break out of the man box , stand up and speak out to end violence against women and girls . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Porter .	Anthony Porter says most men respect women and honor the women in their lives He says male attitudes enable some to lash out at women Men are taught not to express their emotions , Porter says Men who treat women as property or as objects help enable violence , he says
CNN  -- Pakistani civilians were given a brief window on Friday to flee the ongoing fighting between government forces and Taliban militants in the country 's north , according to military officials . Pakistani civilians pack a bus leaving Mingora , the capital of the troubled Swat Valley . The Pakistan army is trying to push the Taliban away from regions within the troubled Swat Valley . A curfew was relaxed until 2 p.m. local time Friday in Kabal , Kanju and Mingora -- in the Swat Valley -- and in Malakand Agency , which is a separate district . The government provided an estimated 150 vehicles to evacuate people , as private cars are not allowed to enter Mingora . The Taliban have been concentrating forces there -- digging trenches , laying mines , taking positions on rooftops , according to strategic expert Reva Bhalla of Stratfor , a firm that describes itself as a global intelligence company . "  The Taliban are concentrating forces in Mingora -- digging trenches , laying mines , taking positions on rooftops , " said Bhalla . "  It is not clear if the Pakistani military is trained and even equipped to go into a situation like that , " she said , adding that even the United States military "  would have to think twice " about such an offensive . She estimates there are 5,000 Taliban fighters in the area . "  The question is : Are they going to try to stand and fight , or try to regroup ? " she asked . With a government offensive against the Taliban nearly three weeks old , a spokesman for Pakistan 's army said the military intends to drive the Taliban out of the contested area . "  The whole resolve of the government and the military is to once and for all finish the Taliban from the Valley of Swat , " Pakistani military spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN 's Reza Sayah . The Pakistani military is trying to push the Taliban away from the heavily forested and mountainous regions of the Swat district toward the south , so the army can encircle the militants , Bhalla added . According to the chief minister of Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fighting between the military and Taliban militants along its border with Afghanistan . The number of people at the Yar Hussain displaced-persons camp in Swabi district is expected to reach 2 million , Amir Haider Hoti said . The military announced earlier this week the number was 1.3 million . The huge refugee camps that the conflict is creating could be "  the perfect recruiting grounds for the Taliban to prey on , " Bhalla said . Meanwhile , the United Nations ' top official on refugees told CNN Thursday the world must launch a "  massive international effort " to care for the refugees , or it will be "  absolutely impossible " to provide for them . Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani , in a speech to parliament Thursday , called the refugee crisis a massive and unprecedented predicament . "  They are our own people and their children are my children , " Gilani said .	Curfew relaxed from 6 a.m. until 2 p.m. local time in Swat Valley , Malakand Taliban "  digging trenches , laying mines " in disputed western city , expert says Pakistan wants to push Taliban south so it can encircle militants , expert says Some 1.5 million people have been displaced by 10 months of fighting
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Picture this : The European champions and current highest-ranked soccer team in the world , Spain , are beaten 3-0 ... by a team of robots . On the way : Robots are developing steadily towards the goal of beating humans at football . It may sound ridiculous , but robot developers in Asia , the U.S. and Europe are dreaming of that very goal . Working under the umbrella organizations FIRA  Federation of Robot-Soccer Association  and the RoboCup Federation , researchers and developers are aiming to advance robot technology to the point that a team of humanoids can beat the best humans in the sport by 2050 . Since robot soccer competitions began in the mid-1990s , researchers have already made significant developments towards their goal . Phil Culverhouse of the Center for Robotics and Intelligent Systems at the University of Plymouth told CNN that the first robots in competition were controlled by humans and many were on wheels or four-legged , but that is changing . "  Since 2007 the team have progressed to bipedal robots that have cameras on board , " he said . "  Our robots are autonomous -- they have no control from outside sources . The cameras try to work out where the goal is , where the ball is and where the other players are . " Further robotic developments appear to be close . Researchers at Carlos III University of Madrid released a study in the March 2009 online edition of ` Expert Systems with Applications , ' showing they had refined a technique known as machine-learning . Basically , the scientists were able to teach a virtual player simple reactions to visual stimuli -- based upon how real humans react in the same situation . Do you think robots will one day be able to beat humans at football ? Sound Off box below . This year robots will go head-to-head at both the RoboCup event in Austria in June/July and the FIRA RoboWorld Cup in Korea in August . The most advanced classes at present are the bipedal classes for ` humanoid ' robots . Co-chair of RoboCup 2009 , Gerald Steinbauer , told CNN this year 's event was the 13th edition of the cup , and he was impressed by progress by advances since the competitions began . "  At the last RoboCup in China 2008 we had games of teams of three humanoid playing attractive soccer . They walk on two feet , fight for the ball and of course score ... so we are approaching the goal , " he said . Culverhouse said interest in both events had steadily grown , especially since the two-legged robots had been introduced . This year up to 3,000 competitors from 40 countries are expected at RoboCup . "  This has been extremely effective in gaining interest . These are much more exciting to watch . We have seen a steep level of change in interest from not just young people but everybody . " Despite the increasing profile , Culverhouse said there are still plenty of major challenges before the humanoids can seriously compete with humans . "  This is still a long way from competing against humans . The next big challenge to be met is to get robots walking like humans and then running like humans . "  One of the most challenging things is getting a robot to walk on uneven terrain without falling over , " he said , explaining that some fall over after kicking at goal .  Although , it 's not hard to think of professional footballers who have suffered the same problem . The University of Plymouth team is currently researching how robot 's feet can be improved , and hope to release a concept later this year that could usher in a new era of in foot design . For Steinbauer , the critical issues are that of perception and cognitive abilities . "  Perception is one of our major problems . It is important that a robot is able to understand a scene like a human does . If you enter a complete unknown room you are able to recognize the important things like furniture and also relations and functions of objects very fast , " he said . "  Despite huge progress in this area we are far behind the capabilities of animals or humans . "  And of course there 's cognitive capabilities . To reason about new , uncertain or even inconsistent facts is easy for a human but very hard for a robot , " Steinbauer said . Size and cost are other limiting issues . "  In order to make this affordable we are developing robots 50 to 60 centimeters high . At that size each robot costs about 10,000 pounds to make . At full human size each would cost about 50,000 pounds , " Culverhouse said . Soccer is an ideal testing ground for robotics as it encompasses many different elements including movement , vision and strategy , Steinbauer said . But the applications developed in these robots could serve a greater purpose . Steinbauer said robot technologies could be used for entertainment or performing simple tasks around the home and office . They also could be used in rescue scenarios -- where robots could be sent into dangerous situations in place of humans , he said .	FIRA and RoboCup organizations promoting development of robots Robots have been competing in regular soccer contests since the mid - '90s Scientists hope to be able to beat world 's top team of humans by 2050 Robotics developments tested in robo-soccer have uses in other fields
CNN  -- With spring break nearing , my mother contacted my father and arranged for Paul and me to visit him again in Princeton . He suggested that we arrive on a Sunday , and since she had a class to teach the next day , she told us that she would drive us as far as New York and put us on a train the rest of the way . When we got to Penn Station , she bought us two tickets , and half an hour later Paul and I got off at Princeton Junction and started looking around the little station for my father . He was nowhere to seen . A middle-aged white couple walked over to us . "  Do you remember me ? " the man asked . "  I 'm Hube Wilson , an old friend of your dad 's . " "  Yes , " I said . "  We met you in California a long time ago . " "  I remember it well , " he said . "  But I had a different wife then . " "  I 'm his new wife , " the woman said , putting out her hand . "  I knew you too when you both were little boys . My name is Gina . " I did n't remember her . "  Where 's Dad ? " I asked . "  He 's under the weather , " Hube said . "  He asked us to pick you up . He 'll be at home when you get there . " The Wilsons grabbed our duffel bags and took us to their car . It was an ordinary sedan , not the VW bus I remembered from Venice . They did their best to make small talk , remarking on how much we had grown and asking how we liked school . But it was awkward , and Hube no longer matched the matinee idol image I had of him in my mind . His hair had gone white and his face was etched with deep wrinkles . When we arrived at the apartment , I noticed that the blinds were drawn . Hube rang the bell and we waited for over a minute before my father opened the door . He said hello and gave my brother and me a hug , but his embrace felt weak and he looked tired . It took several minutes before he said anything about my appearance . "  It looks like you 've lost some weight , Mark , " he said wanly . Is that it ? I thought , dejectedly . Is that all you 're going to say ? I lost eighty pounds and you barely even noticed ? He had prepared sandwiches and iced tea for lunch . The Wilsons stayed and chatted while Paul and I ate . My father smoked and drank coffee and did n't touch anything on his plate . When the Wilsons left , he told us that there was n't much to do in Princeton on Sundays but that he had plans to take us sightseeing and to a movie the next day . He suggested that we might want to take a nap . I was n't tired , so I browsed through the bookshelves in the living room to find something to read . I picked out "  The Godfather , " by Mario Puzo , and quickly became engrossed by the opening scenes of the big wedding and the horse 's head in the movie producer 's bed . For dinner , he reheated spaghetti he emptied from a plastic container in the refrigerator and made garlic bread in a toaster oven . "  I remember how much you like garlic bread , " he said . Paul and I got into our pajamas and climbed into the sofa bed that he had prepared in his upstairs study . He kissed us goodnight and went down the stairs . I still was n't sleepy , and as I lay awake thinking , I heard the front door open and close . Where 's Dad going ? I wondered . Is it okay for Paul and me to be here by ourselves ? Then about twenty minutes later , I heard the door open again and the sound of my father 's footsteps . Relieved that he was home , I drifted off . Paul was sound asleep when I awoke the next morning . I listened for other noises but did n't hear any . I felt hungry , so I rose quietly and tiptoed downstairs to see if I could find something to eat . The kitchen in his condo was small and modern , with a little eating counter and bar stool . I did n't know exactly what sizes liquor came in , but I could tell that the Beefeater bottle on the counter was the big kind . There was still some liquid left in it , but not much , only a tiny bit at the bottom . Next to it was a pumpkin pie . It was the storebought variety in a tin shell , not like the pies my mother made from scratch for Thanksgiving . The center had been scooped out , as if by a scavenging animal . There were no slices , just an ugly hole in the middle . I stood there for a long time , trying to figure out the meaning of what I saw in front of me . It reminded me of the still-life paintings in my mother 's big books about French art , only with a gruesome twist . Had Dad done this ? I wondered . Did he drink that whole bottle of gin ? Was that why he went out at night , to go to a liquor store ? And why would he eat the pie that way ? Was he so drunk he could n't even hold a knife and fork ? I heard Paul getting up . I did n't want him to see the sad tableau , so I hid the bottle and the pie in the back of the refrigerator . I made us toast for breakfast , and we sat around waiting for my father to wake up . Sometime after noon , I smelled cigarette smoke upstairs . Then there was the sound of a phone being dialed and my father talking in a low voice . At last he came downstairs , covered only by a terrycloth bathrobe . "  I 'm sorry , boys , " he said . "  I have to leave . I 've called your grandmother in Pittsburgh and she 's going to come to take care of you . " "  Where are you going ? " I asked anxiously . "  Back to the hospital , " he said . "  I wanted to get well to spend time with you boys , but I 'm sick again and have to go back . " He went back upstairs , and Paul and I sat there in the living room until sundown , dazed and disappointed , not knowing what to think about what was happening . The next day Grandmother Edith arrived , and a taxi came to take my father away . He must have been too proud to call my mother , because she only learned what had happened when Grandmother phoned her to make plans to meet at Aunt Cleo 's . On the train ride to New York , Grandmother Edith tried to keep our spirits up , but I could see how distraught she was . "  Do you know we 're going to France next year ? " I asked , hoping to say something that would make us both feel better . "  Yes , Jeanne told me , " she said . "  I think it will be a wonderful experience for you boys . " "  And what about Dad ? " I asked . "  Do you think he 'll be okay while we 're gone ? " There was a long pause before she answered . "  I do n't know , child , " Grandmother said , "  but I want you to pray for him . "	In new book , CNN managing editor tells story of his family Following parents ' separation , Mark Whitaker and his brother visited their father Father was too ill to pick the boys up from the train station due to alcoholism Visit was cut short when Whitaker 's dad had to check into a hospital for treatment
A Mexican judge has ordered the detention of 12 federal police officers accused of opening fire on a U.S. diplomatic vehicle south of the capital last week . Under the judge 's order , the officers will be held for 30 days , Jose Luis Manjarrez , a spokesman for the Mexican Attorney-General 's Office , said Monday . They will be transferred to Mexico City from the state of Morelos , where they are being held , he said . The 12 officers are under investigation in relation to five charges , including attempted murder , according to one of their lawyers , Marco Aurelio Gonzalez . Following the shooting incident Friday , two U.S. Embassy employees , described by a senior U.S. government official as U.S. citizens , were taken to a hospital with nonlife-threatening wounds . A member of the Mexican Navy who was with them in the vehicle suffered light bruises , according to a statement from the Mexican Navy . The statement provided the following account of events : The incident unfolded at 8 a.m. Friday , as the two embassy employees and the Mexican were traveling to a military facility in the municipality of Xalatlaco in a Toyota Land Cruiser . Some 4 kilometers  2.5 miles  earlier , they had left the main highway that connects Mexico City with Cuernavaca , near the town of Tres Marias , a thinly populated area off the main road . When a vehicle containing Federal Police approached and its occupants brandished their weapons , the driver of the diplomatic vehicle tried to evade them and return to the main highway . At that point , the police sprayed bullets into the black SUV with diplomatic plates . Moments later , three other vehicles carrying Federal Police joined the attack , also shooting at the U.S. Embassy vehicle . By now , the Mexican Navy official who was in the embassy vehicle had contacted personnel at a nearby military installation , who arrived after the firing had ended and cordoned off the site , the Navy statement said . Both embassy employees were taken , under Federal Police guard , to a hospital . Photographs of the SUV showed the embassy vehicle pockmarked with more than a dozen holes and at least three of its tires flat . In addition to the attempted murder charge , the detained police officers are facing charges of abuse of authority , damage to property , bodily harm and abuse of public duty , according to Gonzalez . The lawyer said that the officers were investigating a kidnapping when they came across the embassy vehicle , which ignored their requests to stop . The Mexican Public Security Secretariat has acknowledged in a statement that the officers fired on the armored vehicle with diplomatic plates while they were looking for a group of suspected criminals . The U.S. Embassy in Mexico is cooperating with the investigation into the shooting incident , Victoria Nuland , the State Department spokeswoman , said Monday . "  I 'm not going to get ahead of the investigation . I think we 're going to wait and see what that concludes , " she said when asked whether the incident was an attack or an ambush . The violent incident is the third in recent years involving U.S. officials in Mexico . In 2010 , a U.S. consular employee , her husband and another man died in a gun attack in Ciudad Juarez . And in 2011 , a U.S. immigration and customs agent was killed and another was wounded in an attack by an armed group on a highway in the state of San Luis Potosi . Violence related to drug gangs has increased in recent years in Morelos , the state where the shooting incident took place Friday .	A judge orders the police officers held for 30 days Two U.S. Embassy employees were wounded in the incident A Mexican Navy official was also in the vehicle that was fired upon Police officers are under investigation on attempted murder and other charges
CNN  -- An American cruise ship passenger was reported overboard Wednesday , and the U.S. Coast Guard joined the search in the Pacific Ocean northeast of Hawaii . The 54-year-old woman was witnessed intentionally going overboard from the Grand Princess , Princess Cruises said , adding that the witness ' account was confirmed by closed-circuit television . The Grand Princess was on day three of a 15-day cruise round-trip sail from San Francisco to Hawaii . The crew notified the service that the woman had gone overboard about 750 miles northeast of Hilo , the 14th Coast Guard District in Honolulu said . The Coast Guard listed her age as 30 . The passenger was last seen about 1 p.m. , the cruise line said . It said it immediately contacted the FBI and the Coast Guard . It gave the distance from Hilo as approximately 650 miles . The ship changed course to search , and an HC-130 Hercules airplane crew was en route from Air Station Barbers Point in Hawaii , the Coast Guard said . Its statement provided no details on what may have occurred . FBI to review honeymooner 's 2005 cruise ship death Search ends for 2 passengers who fell overboard CNN 's Drew Iden contributed to this report .	Woman reported overboard about 700 miles northeast of Hawaii Cruise line says she intentionally went over Coast Guard joins search ; FBI also notified
Paris  CNN  -- In politics , a week may feel like an eternity . Exactly a week ago , French President Francois Hollande suffered a momentous blow , the first real shock of his presidency . His recently dismissed Budget Minister , Jerome Cahuzac , a former hair implant surgeon-turned-socialist , confessed on his blog that he had been lying for the last four months and that he had , in fact , a hidden Swiss bank account which the French inland revenue services never knew about . In other words , the man in charge of tackling tax evasion was admitting to being a fraudster . Not only this , but he had lied outright in parliament , in front of the nation 's representatives . To utter lies in Parliament may not constitute a crime  unlike in the USA , there is no such thing as perjury in France  , however , the French were shocked to discover that a minister had had the nerve to deny the truth in the Republic 's most symbolic and sacred of places . A few hours later , Hollande pre-recorded a message to his fellow countrymen . He would take immediate measures , he said , to restore the country 's confidence in its political class and , no , he knew nothing of his Budget minister 's wrongdoings . From left to right , everyone in France was reeling from the news . Polls suggested that 65 % of the French wanted Parliament to be dissolved and new elections to take place , others that 60 % of the French people wanted , at the very least , a cabinet reshuffle or change of government . While Hollande had to leave for an official two-day visit to Morocco , his Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault announced that anyone found guilty of tax-dodging would be banned from holding public office . The opposition immediately accused Pierre Moscovici , the economy minister to whom Cahuzac reported , of acting too slowly , and too late . Mediapart , the news website which broke the story over Cahuzac 's Swiss account last November , asserted that Moscovici had effectively tried to shield his colleague . The atmosphere became toxic ; rumours started circulating about other potential tax fraudsters serving in government . Daily newspaper Liberation was this week heavily criticised for making allegations without giving any evidence . Today , its editor apologised and recognized his mistake . In another televised message -- the second within a week -- Hollande gave his ministers until Monday April 15 to reveal their personal assets ; parliament is to consider a bill making such disclosures compulsory for the entire political class . Until now , France and Slovenia were the only two countries to have opted out from this measure of financial transparency , already implemented at a European level . President Hollande also announced that he was creating a new agency to fight financial fraud , and appointing a special prosecutor to deal with financial crime . He said banks would now be forced to detail all their activities in tax havens , with the publication of all their international affiliates and subsidiaries , country by country . A few discordant voices from Nicolas Sarkozy 's right-wing UMP party complained that revealing private assets amounted to "  voyeurism " and "  hypocrisy " . Resorting to irony , Jean-Marie le Pen of the far-right Front National declared on national radio : "  My Swiss bank account was always known to the French tax revenue and I wear pants made in France " . However , the mood of the public in France is very much in favor of a moralization of public life and Hollande 's measures have been received with guarded optimism . It is indeed not the first time a French president has promised to crush immorality in politics . "  L'Affaire Cahuzac " has struck French consciences as deeply as Dominique Strauss-Kahn 's sex scandal in 2011 . Tax evasion , a national sport in France till the 1980s and a massive crackdown by then Prime Minister Raymond Barre , was thought , in the main , to be a thing of the past . But suddenly it has made a come-back at the most sensitive of times . France has 3 million unemployed people and faces deep economic problems , including a loss of competitiveness . Could Hollande 's government fall over this sleaze scandal ? It could if more tax evasion revelations affecting members of the government were to come out but it probably wo n't if it acts swiftly and Cahuzac remains the only black sheep on the horizon . The question now is , will Hollande take advantage of "  L'affaire " to form a new government with a new prime minister ? Significantly , centrist FranÃ § ois Bayrou , whose last-minute decision to back FranÃ § ois Hollande was a crucial factor in Hollande 's presidential election victory , and who has campaigned for years to clean up French political life , made a public statement and declared himself ready to serve . Having reached a new low in the popularity polls , with only 27 % of the French supporting him , President Hollande may be tempted to look for a new Prime Minister with a strong image of integrity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Agnes Poirier .	France 's ex-budget minister reveals hidden Swiss bank account , sparking outrage French President Francois Hollande vows to take action on tax evasion scandal Agnes Poirier : Public mood is very much in favor of a moralization of public life Poirier : Questions as to whether Hollande may reshuffle cabinet , bring in new PM
CNN  -- The international Fashion Week crowd has packed up its tents and menagerie of models in New York and moved on to London . After that , it 's Milan and finally , Paris . Meanwhile those unfamiliar to the Lincoln Center Fashion Week tents , where runway shows and designer presentations take over the city twice a year , are left wondering in a dust of sequins and a lingering cloud of Chanel No. 5 : Why all the fashionable fuss ? How does Fashion Week impact me and what I wear daily ? "  On a strictly business level , it 's a $ 350 million a year business , " said Steven Kolb , the CEO of the Council of Fashion Designers of America . "  It 's the second largest industry in New York City after finance . It is n't just these design jobs , it 's the retail jobs , it 's the truckers who drive the deliveries around to stores , it 's the editors . It 's a big , big business . " Particularly in New York , Fashion Week is more for the benefit of the buyers , or the people who decide what items to stock in department stores or boutiques for the upcoming season . From there , Fashion Week designs will eventually trickle down into mass market retail . Garments that debuted on the runway this week may not be hanging from the racks of your local T.J.Maxx anytime soon , but you 'll see their influence in the shades , patterns and cuts of mass produced items . If the nearly 200 designers who showcased their lines during Fashion Week are any indication , by spring , the masses will be wearing skirt suits , sheer overlays , blush tones , edgy prints , sexy cutouts and head scarves . Tamara Albu , an associate professor of fashion design at Parsons The New School of Design , said even for consumers who are "  just not that into it , " -- it being fashion -- the industry 's influence is unavoidable . "  Whether we like it or not , whether we want it or not , we are constantly bombarded by information , which , of course , includes fashion , " she said . "  The manufacturers may translate those specific details to more affordable versions that may be trickled down to mass production garments soon after the shows are over . Being totally oblivious about fashion elements would not exclude the fashion from an uninterested person 's wardrobe , " she said . Insiders assert the pomp , circumstance and air kisses of Fashion Week do n't just matter to the economy and your closet ; they encourage creativity just like events that celebrate any other medium , such as music or fine art . "  It 's not just frivolous . It 's an entire industry of ideas and marrying the art of commerce with it , " said Anne Kwon Keane , fashion director for Lucky magazine . And while most runway looks , like the pink feathered Badgley Mischka gown or Tracy Reese 's sequined pants , may seem a little extravagant for the business casual set , Keane , Kolb and Albu agree , there 's still a takeaway : silhouettes , textures , colors , tailoring details and ideas on how to accessorize . "  It 's a presentation of ideas and when thoughtfully put forward the impact can be really wide-reaching , " Keane said . "  It can be whatever it needs to be to a consumer no matter the price point and that person 's personality , " Kolb said . Others , like New York-based photographer Mike Mellia , remain skeptical . On Thursday , Mellia will open his latest exhibition , "  The Death of Fashion , " which questions whether Fashion Week "  has become an anonymous repeating stereotype . " Still Mellia acknowledges fashion 's power . "  Fashion 's goal is to place itself on an aspirational pedestal because it seeks to transform art into commerce . As a result , the social reach of fashion is often greater than that of traditional art in today 's society , " Mellia said . Are you a fashionista , or do you find the fashion industry irrelevant ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Fashion Week brings together clothing buyers , designers and insiders What happens there affects the everyday consumer in subtle ways Style , cut , color and pattern can jump from the runway into your closet Fashion Week events , say insiders , encourage creativity in addition to commerce
CNN  -- On 9 March 2010 I stood outside the international bus terminal on ErdbergstraÃŸe in Vienna , waiting for the 11 a.m. bus from Zagreb to arrive . It was cold and breezy , typical of March in the Austrian capital . A steady stream of tourists emerged from the buses and headed to see the palaces of the Habsburgs . Jed had told me there would be a CIA team shadowing me . I looked at a man in a cowboy hat on the street corner checking his watch . Surely they would not be that obvious . Then I saw her . She wore a long black skirt as I had anticipated , but instead of being fully veiled , she was wearing a simple headscarf . A few stray strands of blonde hair fluttered in the breeze . ` As salaam aleikum . I 'm Aminah , ' she said in soft-accented English , fixing me with her blue-green eyes . Despite the fact that Awlaki had instructed me to wear Western clothes to avoid suspicion , I had to keep my distance from a woman who was not related to me . I did n't even shake her hand . But I was impressed ; the photos had not done her justice . Aminah was strikingly pretty , with full lips , high cheekbones and an angular nose . She looked several years younger than her age , thirty-two . Gwyneth Paltrow , I thought -- Anwar will love this girl . I had come across her on a Facebook fan page for Awlaki in November 2009 -- two months after he had repeated his request that I find him a wife in the West . I had left a message on the site requesting support and Aminah had replied . ` What kind of support and are you in direct contact with Shaikh ? ' she wrote in her first message on 28 November 2009 . Two days later , after we exchanged several messages , she wrote this : ' I have one question tho . Do you know personally AAA ? And if it is so , may I be so liberal to ask you something ? AAA was our code for Anwar al-Awlaki . ` Yes I do know him . Feel free to ask , ' I replied immediately . She had written back : ' I sent Shaikh a letter by mail , I am not sure if I had his correct email address , but actually I was wondering will he search for a second wife , I proposed him a marriage , and I do not know how silly it is . But I tried . Now , as I am in contact with you there is a possibility for you to get know me better in a way you can recommended me . ' I seek a way how to get out of this country , and I search a husband who will teach me and whom I can help a lot . I deeply respect him and the all things he do for this Ummah and I want to help him in any way . ' I wrote back : ` You will be wife number 3 , as he already got two wives , however he do n't stay with them because they are in the capital , and only see him now and then . But you will stay with him all the time , as you do n't have a family there . You should expect hardship , and moving from place to place once in a while . Taking care of your duties in house as a wife . Be patience with all what you will see and face , as AAA may be expose to danger etc. and Allah is our protector . Can you accept this ? ' She replied within ten minutes : ' I would go with him anywhere , I am 32 years old and I am ready for dangerous things , I am not afraid of death or to die in the sake of Allah . I did n't know he has 2 wife already . But I do not mind at all . I want to help him in his work ... I am good in housekeeping job -LSB- and -RSB- I 'm willing to be a very hardworking and active wife . ' Agent Storm : Inside al Qaeda for the CIA	Morten Storm was a double agent for the CIA He says Anwar al-Awlaki asked him to find the terrorist a wife Morten Storm met the woman who would become al-Awlaki 's wife through Facebook For more on his story , watch CNN at 9 p.m. ET Tuesday
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The view will be one unlike any other . Climbing up through the clouds at a rate faster than the speed of sound , the sky will darken to a deep blue and then to black . Below , entire mountain ranges , coastlines and cities will shift into focus as the horizon bends around the curvature of the Earth - the thin veil of its atmosphere shimmering against a backdrop of stars . An emerging space tourism industry may give thousands of travelers a new view of Earth . And then , of course , there will be the feeling of weightlessness . "  It is just life changing , " said Col. Richard Searfoss , a retired NASA shuttle commander . "  To be outside the atmosphere and see the curvature of the Earth and see so much land area at once , it gives you a sense of separateness but connectedness . " The view of Earth from outer space is a sight that in the history of mankind only a few hundred people have ever seen . But that could soon change as what was once an almost nonexistent space tourism industry slowly matures into what some analysts predict could be a billion dollar enterprise with thousands of passengers by the end of the next decade . "  This is just the beginning of the golden age of space flight , " said Peter Diamandis , chairman of the X Prize Foundation , which awarded the $ 10 million Ansari X Prize in 2004 for the first privately funded human flight to the edge of space . "  Looking back a thousand years from now , this will be the period of time when the human race irrevocably moved off the planet . " Look back roughly ten years , though , and the idea of sending tourists into space seemed more like science fiction than a viable business plan , said John Gedmark , executive director of the Personal Spaceflight Federation , a trade association representing the space travel industry . "  No one ever thought this was real at all , " said Gedmark . "  It was just completely unthinkable . " But that perception began to change in 2001 when American multimillionaire Dennis Tito became the world 's first so-called space tourist , traveling aboard a Russian Soyuz capsule to the International Space Station for a price of around $ 20 million . Four more tourists have since made the trip . Another major milestone for the industry has been a growing interest and investment from entrepreneurs like Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen , who financed the development of SpaceShipOne , winner of the Ansari X Prize , and British billionaire Richard Branson , founder of the space tourism company , Virgin Galactic . "  Since then the activity has been more evenly spread and steadier and more consistent and more determined , " said Gedmark . "  Now you have a number of companies working on multiple fronts to get people into space . " There are now at least a dozen space tourism endeavors worldwide , offering experiences that range from a flight to the fringe of space to astronaut training on a tropical island . While the companies make up a varied landscape of technological know-how , financial wherewithal and enterprising ideas , they all share one common goal : The desire to conquer what is widely considered to be the final frontier of mankind -- the universe . "  The human species is about evolution and is about moving forward , " said Eric Anderson , president of Space Adventures Ltd. , the Virginia-based company responsible for arranging civilian trips to the space station on the Soyuz . "  Space is filled with infinite resources that can make our lives better . " This October , Richard Garriott , a computer-game developer and son of former NASA astronaut Owen Garriott , is scheduled to become Space Adventures ' sixth client to leave the planet followed by a seventh yet-to-be identified passenger next April . Space Adventures is also planning to build commercial spaceports near Dubai and in Singapore . But Anderson said the next big step involves something slightly further afield - a trip to the Moon . With a price tag of $ 100 million per seat , two tourists and a pilot would spend around two weeks board a modified Russian spacecraft with the chance to see an Earth rise from lunar orbit and cruise around the far side of the Moon . The excursion will launch when contracts are finalized with travelers , Space Adventures said . Suborbital space tourism is also set to take off soon . For $ 200,000 , Virgin Galactic passengers will undergo several days of training before taking a two-hour flight to the fringe of space - 70 miles above sea level . From there , the company says , passengers will experience the feeling of weightlessness and see a view of the Earth that spans a 1,000 miles in any direction . Will Whitehorn , president of Virgin Galactic , said the company has collected $ 35 million in deposits from 250 would-be space tourists . Another 80,000 have registered interest with the company , he said . "  That figure has been growing month by month the past year , especially as we get finished building the technology , " said Whitehorn . Virgin will begin testing WhiteKnightTwo this summer , said Whitehorn . The carrier vehicle will ferry suborbital craft SpaceShipTwo , modeled after Ansari X Prize winner SpaceShipOne , 50,000 feet in the sky before releasing it . "  Once we have tested that sufficiently , we will put the spaceship underneath it , " said Whitehorn . Other companies are also jumping in the suborbital space race . In March , California-based XCOR Aerospace announced plans to build the Lynx , a two-seater rocketship that will carry passengers up into the atmosphere for about $ 100,000 . The vehicle will be the size of a small business jet , capable of making several flights a day , the company said . And last year , European aerospace giant EADS announced plans for its Astrium space division to develop a line of suborbital jets to satisfy a space tourism market that it predicts could grow to as many as 15,000 passengers a year by 2020 . "  The market is there , " said Robert Laine , chief technical officer of EADS Astrium . "  The question is how to build the planes that can satisfy that market and to understand what profits at the end we can make out of it . " ... . Would you want to take a holiday in space ? Is it worth the cost ? Leave your views and comments in the Sound Off box below .	Space tourism projected to be billion dollar industry by end of next decade More than a dozen commercial space ventures operating worldwide European aerospace company EADS projects 15,000 space travelers by 2021
CNN  -- Look at the goals Ivan Rosales has set for himself and you 'll see an example of the American ambition that makes our nation great . Ivan is a recent graduate of California State University in San Bernardino , and is about to start a master 's program in bioethics at New York University . But that 's just a steppingstone on his path , he hopes , to medical school , where he wants to study oncology . Along the way , he 'd also like to join the military and serve our country as an Army medic . Sounds like a guy you 'd want as your neighbor  or your doctor  , right ? In America : Program granting work rights for childhood immigrants begins Well , there 's a catch : Ivan was born in Mexico and came to the United States when he was 8 months old . Although two older siblings were born here and are citizens , Ivan is an undocumented immigrant . But the Obama administration saw that America was losing out when people like Ivan could not reach their full potential because of their immigration status . The administration announced June 15 that it would consider requests for "  deferred action " -- that is , a stay of deportation proceedings -- for young people who came to the United States before age 16 , were 30 or younger as of June 15 , have lived in the United States for at least five years , have graduated or are enrolled in school or were honorably discharged from the military , have stayed out of trouble and pass a background check . Excitement has been building among eligible young people during the 60 days U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services had to work out the details . The agency published the request forms Tuesday and is accepting requests starting Wednesday . "  Deferred action for childhood arrivals , " as it is officially called , lifts the immediate threat of deportation proceedings from about 1 million aspiring citizens who see America as their only home . It does so at no cost to taxpayers ; applicants must pay a $ 465 fee , which will cover the program 's cost . But it does more than that . It is the first step toward the creation of a new immigration process that recognizes the contributions of new Americans â $ " whatever their provenance â $ " to our country and our culture . In Ivan 's case , that means getting an education that allows him to treat people who are fighting America 's No. 2 killer . He knows a few cancer survivors ; he tells me he has known too many others who have died . Already as an undergraduate , Ivan did stem-cell research that could lead to new cancer treatments . For the next two years , at least , Ivan will be able to work legally to help pay for graduate school . He can apply for internships and volunteer without worry . What is most meaningful to Ivan ? "  I 'll be able to have a valid ID , " he tells me . "  That 's the most overwhelming thing . Even something that simple will give me a sense of actually belonging . " Ivan and his peers will be America 's next generation of entrepreneurs and farm workers , engineers and assembly-line employees , inventors , nurses , teachers -- and doctors . If they are n't curing you , they might be hiring you , teaching your children or keeping food on your table . They are good for America . We are at our best when we encourage and reward hard work , not question it . We are at our strongest when we lift aspirations , not when we stifle them . We also must treat this positive step as an initial accomplishment , not a final one . As Ivan and other aspiring citizens move closer to achieving their dreams , all of us must come together and move Congress to pass a permanent road map to citizenship for all who pledge allegiance to our country . Wednesday is a day of new promise , new confidence and new opportunity to preserve and strengthen the American dream â $ " not just for Ivan but for all of us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ali Noorani .	Ali Noorani : To see the promise of immigrant ambition , look to the goals of Ivan Rosales He says Rosales came illegally as infant to U.S ; a college grad , now wants to be oncologist He says Rosales can request stay of deportation under new Obama plan Wednesday Noorani : Step should be prelude to Congress passing reform that welcomes people like Rosales
CNN  -- Jason Segel 's weight loss is no joke . The 33-year-old star of "  How I Met Your Mother " has been working to slim down for an upcoming comedy called "  Sex Tape , " and recent photos show his efforts are paying off . Last week , Segel was photographed in Boston , where the movie has been filming , with a noticeably slimmer face and frame . In July , the actor told Us Weekly that he wanted to be in top shape for the R-rated feature , which also stars Cameron Diaz . "  I 've just been living healthy , exercising , eating right -- no more midnight pizzas , " Segel told the magazine . "  This time when I take my shirt off , I 've made a promise to myself , it does n't have to be funny . " It seems the star previously "  took heat " for his naked bod in the 2008 comedy "  Forgetting Sarah Marshall , " but he said he understands that "  different characters require different body types . " His new comedy , about a married couple who make a sex tape only to wake up and find it missing , is going to be on the raunchy side -- "  and I 'm not in shape for no reason , " he said . "  Sex Tape " is scheduled to arrive in July .	Jason Segel has slimmed down for a new movie role The actor was noticeably thinner when photographed recently during filming He said in July that he wanted to get in shape for the part The movie , which also stars Cameron Diaz , is set for release next summer
Raffaele Sollecito reasserted his innocence Tuesday as his attorneys continued to distance him from his ex-girlfriend Amanda Knox . "  This has been a real tragedy , " he said . "  I 'm not a criminal . " Sollecito 's new defense strategy comes as their legal teams prepare to appeal the couple 's murder convictions in the death of Knox 's former roommate Meredith Kercher before Italy 's Supreme Court next year . It 's a dramatic departure from the past seven years , where the tactic has been to "  stick together " and be "  tried " together . Sollecito attorney Giulia Bongiorno said that approach no longer works . "  They are not Siamese twins -- one body with two heads , " she said . The old approach began to change shortly after an Italian appeals court sentenced Sollecito to 25 years in prison and Knox to 28 years in January , and that change continued Tuesday . Knox found guilty of murder again by Italian court New tactics Sollecito 's lawyer John Kelly started laying the groundwork in February . "  It 's imperative that the Italian courts consider Raffaele 's case separate from Amanda 's case , " he said . "  By necessity , he has to distance himself and his case from Amanda and her case . " In a CNN interview at the time , Sollecito followed his attorney 's lead . Though he said that the evidence clears them both , he used more selective language . "  There is nothing against me and nothing very strong against Amanda , " Sollecito said . "  And in my case , I really did nothing wrong , and I do n't want to pay for someone else 's peculiar behavior . " In a note on her Facebook page in February , Knox acknowledged Sollecito 's new stance and appeared to back it up . She said he 's a scapegoat . "  The only reason he has been dragged into this is because he happens to be my alibi , " she wrote . Raising questions Knox 's behavior on the morning Kercher was found stabbed to death in the apartment she and Knox shared seems to be a new wrinkle in the Sollecito defense . That was early November 2007 , and he and Knox had been dating for only a week . Sollecito expanded on his doubts in an interview with Italian television that also aired on NBC . Knox had spent the night with him but went back to her place to shower , he said . When she returned , she was "  very agitated , " he said . She told him that it looked like someone had broken in and that there was blood in the bathroom , Sollecito said . But rather than call police , she showered and returned to his place . He finds it odd , he said . "  Certainly I asked her questions , " he said . "  Why did you take a shower ? Why did she spend so much time there ? " He did n't get any real answers from her , he said in the interview . "  I 'm not saying that Amanda is responsible for all this situation , but they focus on her and they accuse her all the time , but I have nothing to do with all these circumstances and all these accusations , " Sollecito said . Tuesday 's news conference in Rome was a profile in contrasts . At one point , Sollecito called into question Knox 's version of events on the morning Kercher was found stabbed to death , saying it was "  imagination and hallucination . " Yet , a few minutes later , he added , "  Amanda and I still believe she is innocent . " There are some anomalies , Bongiorno said , but the legal team hopes that Italy 's high court will rule in their favor by "  annulling the sentence in full . " Long-running case Since Kercher 's death , Knox and Sollecito have gone through a legal odyssey that led to a conviction in 2009 that was overturned , followed by a second conviction in January . Knox is now living in the United States . Sollecito lives in Italy . Another man , drifter and drug dealer Rudy Guede from the Ivory Coast , is serving 16 years for Kercher 's murder . He was tried separately from Knox and Sollecito . He admitted having sex with the young British woman but said someone else killed her while he was in the bathroom .	"  This has been a real tragedy , " Raffaele Sollecito says Sollecito 's legal team lays the groundwork for an appeal in his murder conviction An Italian appeals court sentenced him to 25 years in prison , Knox to 28 They were convicted in the death of Knox 's former roommate Meredith Kercher
Mashable  -- Remember how we were all freaking out on New Year 's Eve , 1999 , convinced that the world as we know it would end -- at the hands of machines , of course ? Well , we weathered that storm and then some . Still , as we shamble forward into the next decade , it might be prudent to take pause and take stock of the years behind us . Translation : Back up your stuff . Think of it as stockpiling food and building a fallout shelter for the 21st century . We have a ton of information , photos and memories scattered around the web that we would be loathe to lose , and while it 's unlikely that the entire Internet is going to come crashing down in the next week or so , it still might be wise to put some of that stuff in an iron box for safe keeping . Read on , and Christina Warren and I will show you how to ... ... back up your Facebook We 're coming pretty close to living our lives on Facebook -- it 's our photo album , diary and mailbox , all in one -- so why leave all that info up to the whims of the all-mighty servers ? This October , the social network got hip to data portability after it started allowing users to download their profiles -- photos , statues , updates , videos and all . The process is really too simple to forgo . Here 's how you can stow away your social life for safekeeping : 1  . Go to Account Settings 2  . Click on "  Download Your Information " and allow Facebook to download your info 3  . Wait for an e-mail that will let you know your info is ready  it takes a while , what with all the stuff you probably have on Facebook  4  . Go through the security test that allows you to download your info  kudos on that one , Facebook  , and , voila , your profile is ported to your desktop in a nifty folder . Do this before you go through with that New Year 's resolution to make your profile less scandalous -- you know , for when you 're old and gray and full of sleep and nodding by the fire . ... back up your tweets Yes , the Library of Congress is now hoarding tweets , but that does n't do much for the casual user looking to keep a log of his own mundane musings , now does it ? Thankfully , you 're got some options . There 's TweetStream , which lets you back up your data as well as mine it for information and statistics .  Be warned , this service takes a looooong time to gather your info  . And if TweetStream does n't strike your fancy , TweetScan , a site we covered back in 2009 , will track your data back to 2007 , and , using OAuth , will even grab your timeline , tweets from friends and direct messages . Pinboard , a paid , Delicious-like  RIP  tool , also lets you store your tweets -- you can also back up or archive tweets from other usernames or from hashtags , as well as add favorites from a username and turn links embedded in tweets into bookmarks . ... back up your blog After Tumblr 's epic outage the other week , we showed you all how to back up your blogs . Well , we 're just going to reiterate that right now , along with some solutions for WordPress as well . Remember how you felt when your mom threw away all your old journals , crammed to the margins with angsty poetry ? Well , that 's not a feeling one would like to replicate later in life  unless it was relief -- in which case , disregard  . Tumblr Last year , Tumblr launched a backup app that allows users to save their blogs so that they can be viewed on any computer , burned to a CD or hosted as an archive of static HTML files . The app is super easy to use : Simply download , enter your Tumblr sign-in info and save your blog to your desktop . You can launch the app and backup more info every time you post as well . Note , this app is only for Mac OS X  10.5 or higher  , but there are other options for those who use different operating systems . Wordpress If your blog or website uses WordPress , grabbing a backup file of all your posts , pages and comments is easy . In the WordPress dashboard , just go to Tools , Export and choose what types of posts you want to export . If you want a backup of your entire WordPress database , the excellent WP-DB-Backup plugin can make scheduled database backups for your WordPress site at intervals you choose and even e-mail you the backup file . ... back up your photos If you 're like millions of Internet users , you probably upload most of your photos to a photo-sharing site like Flickr or Facebook . While you 're backing up your blog entries , tweets and Facebook messages , it might be a good idea to go ahead and archive all of your photos , too . If nothing else , this is a great way to destroy the evidence from that sorority beer bong tournament in college . Flickr is a great service and in terms of reliability , it 's consistently solid . What 's less consistent is the whims of its parent company , Yahoo . If the Delicious debacle has taught us anything , it 's that Yahoo is n't afraid to sell off or shut down a service with millions of daily users . Lots of apps and tools let you back up your Flickr photo stream , but a quick , fuss-free way to unload years of photo uploads is the Adobe Air app Flump . The app works on Mac , Windows and Linux and downloads a copy of each photo in your stream to a folder of your choice . Be aware that while this will grab each and every photo , tags , titles and photo sets are not preserved . There a few other alternatives if you 're willing to invest more time in the process , but Flump gets the job done . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook allows users to download their profiles through account setttings In WordPress , go to Tools , Export and choose the posts you want to export Adobe Air app Flump lets you backup Flickr photos
Mexico City  CNN  -- A judge ordered the release Thursday of a popular Mexican singer accused of raping a teenager on grounds that not enough evidence existed for trial , state media said . Prosecutors in the state of Quintana Roo alleged that Kalimba raped a 17-year-old girl in a hotel there in December . Last week , the singer , whose full name is Kalimba Marichal Ibar , was deported from the United States to Mexico after an immigration violation in El Paso , Texas , U.S. Border Patrol spokesman Ramiro Cordero said . Kalimba maintained his innocence of the rape charges and said in an interview with CNN affiliate Televisa earlier this month that he had not attacked anyone . "  There are many details that are very easy to criticize , judge or imagine , " he said , but he urged the public to use logic when considering the case , which has received extensive coverage in Mexican media . In the Televisa interview , Kalimba declined to answer a question about whether he had sexual relations with the teen 's consent . "  That I must testify before the prosecution and not on television , " he said . The teen 's uncle has asked a state human rights commission to help protect the family , which he said has been demonized since reporting the rape allegations to authorities , according to Notimex , the Mexican news agency . The 28-year-old singer is a former member of the group OV7 and also was the voice of Simba in a Spanish version of Disney 's "  The Lion King . " Fans gathered last week at the prison where he was being held and in Mexico City to show support .	The judge says not enough evidence existed for a trial Kalimba was deported from the United States last week The pop star maintains his innocence
CNN  -- A shooting at a St. Louis business Thursday that left four people dead appears to be a murder-suicide , a police official said . The unidentified owner of A K Home Health Care is believed to be the gunman , police said . The others appeared to be employees . After a review of evidence , including a surveillance video , officers determined there had been an argument in the office of the business , Capt. Michael Sack told reporters . "  Shortly thereafter , gunshots are shown penetrating a wall inside of the business , " police said in a statement . It was unclear whether the "  brief " dispute carried over from another day , Sack said . The victims were two women and two men , described as being in their early 40s to mid-50s , police said . A semiautomatic handgun was recovered . No other people were injured , officials said . The shooting occurred at the Cherokee Place Business Incubator , CNN affiliate KTVI reported . Police have not been able to find any eyewitnesses to the shooting , according to Sack . After receiving a call at about 1:30 p.m. , police rushed to the building , which houses several businesses . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	NEW : Gunman believed to be owner of business Four employees are fatally shot at a St. Louis health care business The apparent murder-suicide followed an argument , police say Two men , two women were killed , police say
Miami  CNN  -- Hurricane Katia weakened to a Category 2 storm Tuesday as it churned in the Atlantic Ocean , forecasters said . As of 8 p.m. ET Tuesday , Katia was about 335 miles  540 kilometers  south-southwest of Bermuda , packing maximum sustained winds of 105 mph  165 kph  , according to the Miami-based National Hurricane Center . The storm was moving northwest at about 10 mph  17 kph  . The Bermuda Weather Service issued a tropical storm watch for the island , with tropical storm conditions possible within 48 hours . Up to 2 inches of rain could fall across Bermuda , the hurricane center said . The storm is expected to stay away from the United States . The front moving the remnants of Tropical Depression Lee up the East Coast is anticipated to help keep Katia offshore , according to CNN 's weather bureau . "  On the forecast track , the core of Katia is expected to move over the western Atlantic between Bermuda and the East Coast of the United States , " the hurricane center said . "  Eventually the hurricane is going to turn toward the north and northeast away from the U.S. coast . We are becoming more confident of that , " said Todd Kimberlain , a forecaster at the National Hurricane Center . However , the storm is expected to produce large swells , heavy surf and rip currents . "  There might be 10 - to 12-foot breakers , " Kimberlain said . "  These swells will affect much of the Eastern Seaboard of the United States and then down into the Bahamas . " Besides the U.S. East Coast , the swells are expected to affect Bermuda and the Greater Antilles , along with eastern Bahamas beaches , the hurricane center said . "  These swells are likely to cause life-threatening surf and rip current conditions , " it added . Hurricane-force winds of at least 74 mph extended up to 80 miles  130 kilometers  out from the storm 's center . Katia 's tropical-storm-force winds -- blowing consistently at between 39 and 73 mph -- extended outward up to 205 miles  335 kilometers  . Some fluctuations in Katia 's strength are expected through Wednesday , followed by gradual weakening , forecasters said . CNN Radio 's John Fricke contributed to this report .	Katia is a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 105 mph A tropical storm watch is in effect for Bermuda "  The hurricane is going to turn ... away from the U.S. coast , " a forecaster says Large swells are expected to affect most of the U.S. East Coast
CNN  -- Iran plans to send ships near the Atlantic coast of the United States , state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported Tuesday , quoting a commander . "  The Navy of the Iranian Army will have a powerful presence near the United States borders , " read the headline of the story , in Farsi . "  Commander of the Navy of the Army of the Islamic Republic of Iran broke the news about the plans for the presence of this force in the Atlantic Ocean and said that the same way that the world arrogant power is present near our marine borders , we , with the help of our sailors who follow the concept of the supreme jurisprudence , shall also establish a powerful presence near the marine borders of the United States , " the story said . The reference to the "  world arrogant power " was presumably intended to refer to the United States . IRNA cited the force 's website as saying that the announcement was made by Adm. Habibollah Sayari on the 31st anniversary of the Iran-Iraq war . State-run Press TV said Sayari had announced similar plans in July . In February , two Iranian Navy ships traversed the Suez Canal in the first such voyages by Iranian ships since 1979 . U.S. Defense Department officials had no immediate reaction to Tuesday 's announcement . The United States has deployed fleets to the Persian Gulf in the past . State-run Press TV , citing IRNA , said Tuesday 's announcement came as Iran also plans to send its 16th fleet of warships to the Gulf of Aden to protect Iranian vessels and oil tankers from pirates , who have hijacked dozens of ships and exchanged their crews for ransom . The Islamic Republic has repeatedly assured that its military might poses no threat to other countries , stating that Tehran 's defense doctrine is based only on deterrence , Press TV reported in a story in July about the deployment of submarines to international waters . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report	State-run news agency says there will be a "  powerful presence " near U.S. borders Adm. Habibollah Sayari made the announcement
New York  CNN  -- In 2007 , I co-founded FEED Projects with my business partner , Lauren Bush , to help address the problem of global malnutrition . Bush had designed the first FEED bag , which provides school meals to children through the U.N. World Food Program , where I was working . We have since sold more than half a million bags around the world and donated close to $ 6 million to provide more than 55 million school meals to children and raise awareness about a crucial humanitarian issue . But here at home in America , it 's hard not to notice a different food-related problem : obesity . It 's affecting everyone , from small children to the elderly , and it 's growing . As an anti-hunger advocate , I found the perplexity of the obesity problem and the hunger problem existing side-by-side in our increasingly global food system begged further investigation . Read an interview with Ellen Gustafson at TED.com About 30 years ago , a few key things happened that changed American and global agriculture . First , our farms consolidated after the oil crisis of the 1970s and focused more on growing highly subsidized commodities such as corn , soy and wheat . Concurrently , we began to cut international agriculture development aid . Since 1980 , U.S. development aid for African farmers has fallen by 85 percent . With American farmers producing lots of excess corn , soy and wheat and farmers in the poorest parts of the world receiving less support , the way we 've eaten here and around the world has changed in the past 30 years . Today , 75 percent of food products in supermarkets and fast food outlets contain corn , soy or wheat . The introduction of high-fructose corn syrup , first widely used in 1980 , as a new outlet for corn has led to a dramatic increase in soda consumption and to a whole range of cheap , sugary foods . Chicken McNuggets , introduced in 1980 , were a harbinger of the increase in cheap meat , for which 80 percent of the U.S. corn crop is used as animal feed . Changes in food consumption since 1980 have directly led to changes in our global waistline , so that today 1.6 billion people on the planet are overweight . That 's a threefold increase since 1980 , according to WHO , with projections of 2.3 billion adults overweight by 2015 . Learn about Jamie Oliver 's anti-obesity project The abundance of cheap food with low nutritional value in the Western diet has wreaked havoc on our health ; in America , one third of children and two thirds of adults are overweight or obese and are more likely to develop diabetes and cardiovascular disease . But another one billion people on the planet are still hungry . Our systems that produce massive amounts of cheap food are not helping the regions of the world where small farmers still toil amidst more regular droughts and famines . The average number of food crises per year having doubled since 1980 . Furthermore , our old food aid model , based on sending excess U.S. grain to persistently hungry populations , has not helped farmers around the world develop reliable systems to prevent hunger . That said , some aid organizations , such as the U.N. World Food Program and Heifer International , run programs to support poor farmers . And political support for agricultural development is building in Washington . Watch Dan Barber 's talk on sustainable fish farming Taking the wider view , obesity and hunger look like two sides of the same core problem : malnutrition because of a lack of access to nutritious foods . In light of the changes in the past 30 years -- which have led to one billion people overweight , one billion hungry and an imbalanced global agricultural system -- I created the 30 Project . It 's a long-term campaign to address global food system issues . As a new campaign of the FEED Foundation , the 30 Project will raise awareness about the systemic underpinnings of hunger and obesity , align the activists on both fights toward long-term change and facilitate local and regional discussions of food system challenges . I have hope that if we take a 30-year view of the future , we can create a food system that addresses the needs and health of the planet and its growing population . Maybe we need to rethink regional food systems for every community , from Botswana to Boise to the South Bronx , so we can buy more fresh food in our local economies . Maybe we need to change the way we value the food we eat , so that a "  value meal " is something we are proud to feed our children . Maybe we need to re-engage our smart , energetic youth around the world to be farmers and find fresh , green technologies that will feed the world more fresh greens . Maybe we should commit to a goal that every child , in every country , will have access to nutritious food in school that will nourish their bodies and their minds . To address our current food system problems , I propose a series of local , regional , national and global conversations -- starting around the dinner table -- to rethink the food we produce , buy and eat . A healthier agricultural system at home and abroad would produce healthier food options for all eaters . We can all vote with our food dollars every day for the health of ourselves , our families and the world . Now that we know the outcome of our past three decades of food production and consumption , let 's start to change the system -- one bite at a time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ellen Gustafson .	Ellen Gustafson says world faces twin problems of hunger and obesity Farms produced large amount of ingredients for cheap food , with low nutritional value US has sharply cut its development assistance for African farmers Gustafson : We need to address two problems together as global food issue
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The first photos of Tiger Woods cradling his new baby boy have been released amid speculation the injured world number one could announce a return to competitive golf "  any day now . " Tiger Woods poses with his family including new son Charlie and dogs Yogi and Taz . Charlie Axel Woods was born on Sunday , February 8 , and is the second child for Woods and his wife Elin . He is pictured here with his 20-month-old sister Sam their dogs Yogi and Taz , who is seen planting a well-timed lick on Tiger 's face . Woods had been waiting for the birth of his second child before making public any decision about a return to the Tour in 2009 . His long-time caddie Steve Williams told Television New Zealand an announcement could come "  any day now , " and that Woods could return to competitive golf "  in the next few weeks . " "  He 's probably 95 percent of the way there . He was waiting for the birth of his second child which came about last week so he 's ready to go , just needs a little bit more walking , " Williams told TVNZ . "  He has n't been able to walk too well . But anytime in the next few weeks he 's going to tee it up . " Williams said Woods "  definitely " wants to play a couple of tournaments before the U.S. Masters at Augusta in early April . The world number one has been out of the game since winning his 14th major title at the U.S. Open at Torrey Pines last June . He underwent reconstructive surgery on the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee and a week later ruled himself out for the rest of the 2008 season . Williams told TVNZ that Tiger had been practicing six hours a day , and that the only concession he has made to his injury was to adjust his swing . "  He 's had to modify his swing a little bit to accommodate his knee but the guy always finds a way , " Williams said . He added : "  Nine months out of the game after a major operation is a long time . But he 's a hell of a competitor and one of the best we 've ever seen in this game so I would suspect that he 'll carry right on , but time will tell that . " Last month , Woods issued a statement saying that he was practicing and making progress towards at a return to the PGA tour . He said after January 1 , he started hitting longer irons and his driver , although was not swinging as hard as he could , adding "  I 'm working towards that goal . " Earlier this month he predicted the new addition to the family would make it a "  hectic Spring " and said that he 'd be taking it "  tournament-to-tournament . "	Golfing legend Tiger Woods poses with his family , including new son Charlie Charlie Axel Woods was born on February 8 , a brother to 20-month-old Sam Woods had been waiting for his son 's birth before announcing a return to golf World No. 1 has been sidelined since June 2008 after undergoing knee surgery
CNN  A river of blood runs through Gaza , as homes are smashed to rubble and hospital emergency rooms overflow . The volley of Hamas rockets into Israel continues , even when met with the preeminent firepower of the Israeli military 's bombs , missiles and shells . The legions of dead are swelling by the hundreds . It 's horrifying . But the world has seen it all before -- twice . Operation Protective Edge looks much like its forerunners in 2008 and 2012 . Hamas wo n't back down . And Israel refuses to stop until it feels the job is done . Millions around the world watch and ask : What could Israel hope to achieve ? CNN put that question and others to two seasoned Israeli columnists : one a former military correspondent , the other a human rights journalist focusing on Palestinians . Though they disagreed on many points , they surprisingly concurred on some others . This is how they answered : 1 . What is Israel 's endgame in this operation ? There is none . Both experts agree on that . But though Israel may not be working toward one dramatic outcome , there are concrete objectives , says military writer Ron Ben-Yishai . There are short-term and long-term goals that are worth it for Israel , he argues . Many of them will work , concedes critical columnist Gideon Levy . But he disagrees about their wisdom . They wo n't cure the disease but instead feed it , he argues . It will turn the violence into a recurring nightmare . 2 . What is the immediate military objective ? The conservative government led by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu wants to stop the Hamas rocket fire . The mission will also weaken Hamas , Ben-Yishai says . "  Erode the political clout and the ability of Hamas to act both as a political and military-terrorist movement , " those are the objectives , he says . In the meantime that mission has expanded to destroying underground tunnels , which Hamas militants use to get into Israel and attack . Ben-Yishai is confident the goals can be achieved . "  For the short-run , no doubt , " Levy concurs . But he thinks Hamas will come back stronger after Protective Edge , both militarily and politically . He cites Operation Pillar of Defense in 2012 and Operation Cast Lead in 2008 . In Cast Lead , 1,300 Palestinians and more than a dozen Israelis died . Afterward , Hamas made a full recovery , he said . 3 . What sparked this round of conflict ? Levy sees the rocket fire from Gaza as the boiling over of cumulative tensions . He points to the peace process initiated by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry between Israel and Palestinians . The one that broke down weeks ago . The whole time , someone was missing from the negotiating table , he said . "  Gaza was ignored totally . " Youth killings , of three Israeli teens and then one Palestinian teen , ignited passions on both sides . Add to that the desperation in Gaza . The narrow strip of land is locked in on all sides , and people there live in dire poverty and deprivation . "  Gaza is today the biggest cage in the world , " Levy says . The rocket fire is just a part of it all , he says . It 's a way of Hamas pounding the table . Ben-Yishai sees it the other way around . Israel has tried peace and calm with the troublesome Hamas militants , and it has n't worked out . "  This formula is out of the game . It 's not in the cards now , " he says . The military option has become inevitable . 4 . What makes Protective Edge different ? Ben-Yishai agrees with Levy 's assessment that Hamas militants have come back stronger since the last military operation -- in at least one sense . They have more long-range rockets . Previously , militants had to import them all from the outside . Now they can also construct them themselves , he says . They 've also buried a network of launch sites below the ground 's surface . Hitting them "  is quite a job , " Ben-Yishai says . The Israeli military will have to strike deep into those systems . Levy says the improvement in weaponry is part of the vicious cycle he 's seen before . The Israeli military destroys the militants ' capabilities ; they come back stronger . "  By the next operation , they will be even better equipped , " he says . So will the Israelis . Hamas has also inflicted more casualties on Israel this time around -- 29 soldiers have died in the Gaza ground incursion , whereas just over a dozen died in Cast Lead . If too many Israelis die , it could have an effect on Israeli public opinion and perhaps turn things around , Levy says . But so far , the public is showing much support for the operation in Gaza . 5 . What will be the lasting effects of the operation ? The government hopes that Protective Edge will give Israel a few years of relative peace and restore normalcy for a time , Ben-Yishai says . "  After every round of hostility ... there is a sort of lull that Israel enjoys very much , " he says . People can think about other things and tackle other issues , like the economy . But it 's not nearly worth the cost , Levy says . Droves of Palestinians will be killed , others ' lives ruined . Even from a purely selfish standpoint , it 's at best an empty victory . "  We will see horrible scenes , " he says . "  The world will condemn Israel . And what comes out of it ? One year of peace . " Ben-Yishai believes there is a permanent gain to be made , that repeated operations in Gaza will wear the enemy down until they stop firing rockets altogether . The result will be the opposite , Levy says . He predicts that this military intervention will set the stage for the next bloodcurdling intervention -- and then the next . What is Hamas ' endgame in Gaza ? New wave of Israeli airstrikes hammers Gaza Flare-up in Israeli-Palestinian violence : Why now ? Has the Middle East crisis reached a tipping point ?	Military operations in Gaza make sense for Israel , an analyst says They will only make the violence fester and come back strong , says another Both agree : For Israel there is no dramatic endgame in this operation
Twelve people have been sentenced to death for organizing attacks that left dozens of people dead in the restive western Chinese province of Xinjiang earlier this year . The incident -- described by authorities as an "  organized and premeditated " terror attack -- occurred in the region 's Shache County on July 28 , when a gang wielding knives and axes attacked civilians , a police station , government offices and smashed vehicles . Police returned fire and shot dozens of the attackers , state media reported at the time . State media has reported a wave of violent attacks in Xinjiang in recent months . Twenty-nine people were killed and 130 injured when men armed with long knives stormed a train station in Kunming in March . The next month , an attack on a train station in Urumqi , Xinjiang 's capital , left three dead , including the attackers , and an attack on an Urumqi market in May killed at least 39 people . Ethnic tensions The province has seen longstanding tensions between its Uyghur Muslim population , a Turkic people , and the local Han population -- China 's biggest ethnic group . Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward China 's Han in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang -- a charge China 's central government denies . Monday 's hearing at the court in Kashgar , western Xinjiang , also saw 15 others handed the death penalty , but suspended for two years , according to the official news portal of the government of northwest China 's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region , and quoted by the state-run Xinhua news agency . Nine people were jailed for life , while another 20 defendants got four to 20 years behind bars . An additional two defendants were released on probation . Q&A : Xinjiang and tensions in China 's restive far west	Gang wielding knives attacked civilians , a police station , government offices in Xinjiang Authorities called it an "  organized and premeditated " terror attack The province has seen longstanding tensions between Uyghur Muslims and Han population Some Uyghurs have complained of harsh treatment from Chinese security forces
CNN  -- In his recent CNN.com opinion piece , "  Net neutrality is foremost free speech issue of our time , " Sen. Al Franken claims that "  our free speech rights are under assault -- not from the government but from corporations seeking to control the flow of information in America . " He alludes to potential corporate blocking of online products and speech and says , "  If that scares you as much as it scares me , then you need to care about net neutrality . " Chicken Little , call your office ! Such sky-is-falling scare tactics are all too common in the heated debate over net neutrality regulation , but actual evidence of such nefarious corporate scheming is nowhere to be found . Perhaps that 's why Franken resorts to such tall tales . Moreover , his reading of the First Amendment is at odds with the one most of us learned about in civics class  "  Congress shall make no law ... "  . His would empower regulators by converting the First Amendment from a shield against government action into a sword that bureaucrats could wield against private industry . We should be skeptical of any claims that net neutrality regulation is consistent with the First Amendment , let alone required by it . As First Amendment attorney Robert Corn-Revere has noted  "  The First Amendment , the Internet & Net Neutrality : Be Careful What You Wish For "  , "  It should not be forgotten that the federal government 's initial impulse -LSB- in the mid-1990s -RSB- was to censor the internet and to subject it to a far lower level of First Amendment protection . " The real "  Big Brother " threat here is a government with the power to completely foreclose all speech under threat of fine or imprisonment -- a power the private sector lacks even if you buy into the silly notion that it is out to bottle up speech or speakers . And really , why would any company want "  to control the flow of information in America , " as Franken suggests ? First , it 's bad for business . There 's just no good business case for censorship . Internet service providers make more money by delivering more bits , not fewer . Second , censorship is hard . Internet service providers simply do n't have the technology or manpower necessary to effectively filter online content by viewpoint . Third , trying to control information would quickly create public relations nightmares for carriers . There 'd be hell for them to pay with the press , industry watchdogs and especially their subscribers . The white-hot spotlight of public attention is the best disinfectant . Finally , any attempt to censor would backfire and actually draw attention to the speech or speaker in question . Simply stated , the internet 's First Amendment is the First Amendment -- not some new , top-down , heavy-handed regulatory regime that puts the Federal Communications Commission in control of the digital economy . Net neutrality regulation is also tantamount to a declaration of surrender on broadband competition and a call to return to the era of public utility-style regulation . We should n't give up so easily on the idea of facilities-based competition that only got started 14 years ago with the Telecommunications Act of 1996 . If broadband providers ever possessed "  gatekeeper " or "  bottleneck " power that required regulation , that rationale for regulation no longer exists . The internet has clearly changed the communications landscape , mooting old regulatory ideas once used to justify heavy-handed government regulation of mass media speech and its underlying infrastructure . Today , 95 percent of America has access to robust broadband , and the vast majority can choose from multiple broadband providers  e.g. , wire , wireless and satellite technologies  . The investment and innovation that 's made this possible would never have happened in Franken 's world of heavily regulated infrastructure . Just as certain is the slippery slope of regulation : Neutrality mandates will eventually spread to other layers of the internet to cover content and applications .  The FCC is already hinting at its interest in regulating in the cloud and other internet services and content  . Google and Apple 's necks may be next on the neutrality chopping block . Corporations go out of business if they no longer serve consumers . The government and its agencies do not . For the former , the combination of technological innovation , consumer education , industry best practices and competitive markets all work to blunt the abuses -- real or imagined -- of broadband providers . But only the Constitution and the Bill of Rights restrain the government . If Al Franken has his way , these roles would be reversed and our government would be empowered to control the most important medium of human expression the world has ever known . We should think twice before going down that path . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the co-authors .	Big government , not big companies , threaten freedom on the web , say co-authors They question Sen. Al Franken 's argument that "  net neutrality " is free speech issue of our time They say companies could not censor the web even if they wanted to do so Companies should be free to innovate on the web , and not be tightly regulated , they say
Eighty years -- that 's about how long it took the state of Alabama to posthumously pardon the last three of nine men who were falsely accused and wrongly convicted of raping two white women on a train . They infamously were called the Scottsboro Boys , because the nine black men were just 12 - to 19-years-old when they were arrested in 1931 . It turned out that the women , Ruby Bates and Victoria Price , had lied to police about the rapes . At one of the trials , Bates recanted her testimony , saying she had made it all up . Still , the all-white jury convicted the boys , one after another . Forty-three years later , a similar story : This time it was Delbert Tibbs , who died recently of cancer . Tibbs spent nearly three years in prison in Florida after he was convicted in 1974 of a rape and murder that he had nothing to do with , according to the Florida Supreme Court . Ancient history , you say ? We 've moved past those shameful days of unequal justice , you insist . Think again . In 2012 , according to the FBI , nearly 87,000 "  forcible rapes " were reported . That 's down 7 % from the number of rapes reported in 2008 . Law enforcement agencies estimate that the number of false rape accusations ranges from 2 % to 8 % annually , or between 2,000 and 7,000 cases each year . Exact numbers are difficult to track because of the lack of in-depth research on false rape cases and because of the varying definitions of what constitutes an "  unfounded " rape claim . It can mean the alleged victim did not try to fight off the suspect or suffer injuries , was not threatened with a weapon or the victim and perpetrator had a previous relationship . Law enforcement experts agree that rapes are widely underreported , and no one is suggesting that violence against women is n't a serious problem . But experts do not dispute that false rape accusations can and do happen . Many of those innocent men end up in prison or with lives shattered . One of the unfortunate statistics In 2002 , Brian Banks was one of those unfortunate statistics . He was just 17 when a classmate , Wanetta Gibson , 15 , falsely accused him of raping her at school . Banks , then a top football talent , spent more than five years in prison and five years on probation for rape and kidnapping . He was exonerated after he got his accuser to admit on tape that she lied about the rape . Banks later explained that his attorney had advised him to take a plea bargain and avoid a jury trial because " ... I was a big black teenager , and no jury would believe anything I said . " The Long Beach Unified School District sued his accuser , and she has been ordered to repay the $ 750,000 she was awarded in a lawsuit against the district . It seems more men who insist they have been falsely accused of rape are trying a new tactic : suing their accusers in civil court , mostly for defamation . They are seeking to repair their ruined lives , save their careers and clear their names . Make no mistake , I could never defend men who rape and believe even harsher penalties are needed for rapists . But I can understand why some men are opting to fight back . And I even agree with this strategy in some cases . TechCrunch founder Michael Arrington is fighting back . Arrington is suing his ex-girlfriend , Jennifer Allen , after she accused him in 2012 on Facebook and Twitter posts of physically abusing her and raping one of her friends  who later denied this  . The case is pending . Recently , it sounded as if Heisman Trophy winner and Florida State quarterback Jameis Winston , who was accused of raping a fellow student , and his legal team were also considering this strategy . His attorney , Tim Jansen , said that they have not ruled out a civil suit of their own . "  His reputation is important to him , " Jansen said after his client was cleared when the state attorney said no charges would be filed . "  His career is important to him . " The accuser 's attorney has requested a review of the case by the Florida attorney general 's office and argues that the Tallahassee Police Department tried to stymie the rape investigation of the star athlete . Throughout the investigation , Winston insisted that the sex was consensual . And his unidentified accuser equally insisted she was raped but was heavily intoxicated and had a "  broken memory " of events . However , toxicology reports found no drugs in her system and very low alcohol levels . Complicating the case further , Winston 's DNA was found on the woman 's underwear and a second DNA sample , reportedly from her boyfriend , was found on her shorts . No simple solution to clearing your name Admittedly , my initial reaction to hearing no charges would be filed was relief . For me , the case was troubling on both sides . And though I 'm no lawyer , I thought : "  Winston should sue his accuser . If he 's really innocent , he should prove it and clear his name . " But it may not be that simple . Xavier Donaldson , a defense attorney and former assistant district attorney in New York , warns that while initiating these lawsuits against accusers may seem like a good way for men who are wrongly accused to get justice , he 'd be hard-pressed to advise any of his clients to pursue this strategy . "  It 's a very sensitive issue , and these suits should be extremely case specific , extremely rare . ... You ca n't win these cases , too much backlash , " Donaldson said . His advice to Winston : "  Move on with your life , remain above the scandal , and focus on school and following your dream to play in the NFL . " I asked Donaldson what about the thousands of men who are wrongly accused -- just ignore them ? "  Look , I tell my clients innocent before proven guilty is not reality . It 's more of a marketing slogan to promote faith in our justice system ; without that premise , the system would fall apart , " he said . He also said it could "  discourage too many from reporting real rapes . " It sounds to me like ancient history repeating itself . It sounds to me like we have a very long way to go before there 's justice for all .	Roxanne Jones : 2 % to 8 % of rape accusations are "  unfounded " Jones : Some men who insist they 've been falsely accused are suing accusers in civil court Jones asks if Jameis Winston is innocent , should n't he sue his accuser to prove it ? It 's more complicated than that , she says . You ca n't win , it could end in a backlash
CNN  -- Fear not : The new "  Ghostbusters " movie you 've heard about is officially on the way -- and it 's starring "  hilarious women . " "  Bridesmaids " director Paul Feig confirmed on Twitter on Wednesday that he 'll be helming the project , and he knows exactly who he 's "  gon na call " to star in it . Of course , he did n't name names , but we bet Feig agrees with Bill Murray that actresses like Melissa McCarthy and Kristen Wiig should be at the top of the casting call list .  Both McCarthy and Wiig worked with Feig in 2011 's hit "  Bridesmaids , " and McCarthy returned to work with him on 2013 's comedy "  The Heat . " Bill Murray weighs in on all-female ` Ghostbusters ' Feig also noted that he 'll be scripting this project along with "  Parks and Recreation 's " Katie Dippold . The idea for another "  Ghostbusters , " this time with a crew of women doing the paranormal hunting , was first raised in August . Feig hinted strongly at the time that he was going to be involved . ` Ghostbusters ' reboot : Paul Feig , and an all-women cast ? As some of the Twitterati accused the ladies-led "  Ghostbusters " concept of being a "  gimmick , " Feig swiftly responded , "  Interesting how making a movie with men in the lead roles is normal but making a movie with women in the lead roles is a ` gimmick . ' #its2014 . " See more comedy content at CNN Comedy .	Paul Feig will direct a new "  Ghostbusters " movie It 'll star "  hilarious women , " the "  Bridesmaid " helmer tweeted Feig has been attached to the project since it was first brought up in August
CNN  The 2016 presidential race is just beginning . Yet we already can say this much : Despite a bump in the polls , and the fact that some conservatives consider him the prototype for successful leaders , Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker would be a terrible choice for the GOP nomination . Of course , Republicans have made bad choices before . A recent Des Moines Register survey found Walker to be the first pick of 15 % of the GOP faithful likely to attend the Iowa Caucus . So why would Walker be a bad choice ? Three reasons . The world is a dangerous place . We ca n't afford another commander-in-chief with no foreign policy experience who does n't understand America 's role in the world . As the governor of Wisconsin -- as opposed to U.S. senator  Rand Paul , Marco Rubio or Ted Cruz  or a former U.N. ambassador  John Bolton  -- Walker 's diplomatic experience is limited to settling disputes with Minnesota during football season . He would be learning on the job while rogue actors like ISIS , Iran , Russia and North Korea threaten Americans , create unrest and perpetuate acts of terror . There are times to look to the states and elect leaders who can focus the nation 's attention on domestic priorities like the economy , and there are times to look for leaders with a firm handle on foreign policy because the stakes are too high to gamble on that front . Guess which era we 're living in . Built-in enemies are extra baggage . Walker has repeatedly fought organized labor in Wisconsin -- over collective bargaining , an attempted recall , running for re-election -- and scored impressive victories . But Walker has also antagonized that special interest , which will spend tens of millions of dollars in the presidential election to settle the score . Unions might otherwise feel ambivalent about a Hillary Clinton candidacy , especially with the prospect of an insurgent campaign by Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts , who would likely embrace more firmly the divisive rhetoric about income equality that union members love to hear . If Walker is the GOP nominee , ambivalence will be trumped by anger . An activated and animated base of union supporters throwing money at the Democrats is a headache that Republicans do n't need . Finally , courage matters . Walker is not eager to grab hold of thorny issues . On immigration , he likes sound bites , declaring his opposition to "  amnesty " and his support for "  securing the border . " He uses platitudes about how ours is "  a country both of immigrants and of laws . " During a recent appearance on ABC 's "  This Week with George Stephanopoulos , " host Martha Raddatz asked Walker what he would do about the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants . The governor responded that , while he did n't support the immigration bills in Congress , he did think the debate needs a "  healthy balance " and he was not "  advocating " the deportation of all illegal immigrants . Finally , he said , "  we need to enforce the laws in the United States , and we need to find a way for people to have a legitimate legal immigration system in this country , and that does not mean amnesty . " Clear as mud , eh ? Walker also has difficulty on common-sense issues that should not be all that thorny , like evolution . On a trip to London this week , presumably intended to beef up his "  foreign policy credentials , " the governor bobbled a question on the topic and had to issue a follow-up statement . The only benefit that Republicans could reap from nominating Walker is that , while he is probably not ready to lead the country , he could settle an argument within the party that the GOP must resolve and put behind it if Republicans are ever going to win another presidential election . Most of the conservatives I know who think Walker should be the GOP nominee are convinced that Republicans keep making the same mistake of nominating moderates . The secret to beating Democrats , they say , is to draw contrasts and stay true to conservative principles . Republicans are confused : Do they nominate a moderate with wider appeal or a "  true conservative " loyal to the party 's principles ? The way that those on the far right see it , they 've failed twice with a moderate nominee  Sen. John McCain of Arizona in 2008 , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney in 2012  . If the party nominates another moderate in 2016  former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , Ohio Gov. John Kasich , former New York Gov. George Pataki , etc.  , and loses again , that faction will continue to delude itself into thinking that the GOP must nominate a rigid conservative to win . There is only one cure for this delusion : Republicans need to scratch that itch and nominate a person they believe to be a strong conservative . Walker will do nicely . And when they nominate him , and lose anyway , they can put this argument to rest . Republicans will have run out of excuses . Only then , can they achieve the epiphany that could save them from going the way of the Whigs : Voters are n't just rejecting the GOP 's messenger but its message . To many Americans , Republicans are mean-spirited , intolerant , xenophobic and reactionary obstructionists who care only about the rich , preserving the status quo and protecting the majority , and who are better at explaining what they 're against than spelling out what they 're for . Much of what we hear from Republican candidates -- especially those trying to woo conservative voters -- reinforces that perception . If the GOP crafts a better message , it wo n't have to worry so much about choosing the right messenger . But first , the party has an argument to settle . So , at the moment , there is only one message that matters : Run Walker , Run .	Navarrette : Walker does n't have the foreign policy credentials or the courage needed for today 's era . He says the only plus if he 's nominated is that it would prove America does n't want a hard-right president
CNN  -- Shortly before the midterm election , I wrote a strategy memo outlining how core Democratic voters were not yet energized and well-positioned to vote . It should n't have been much of a bombshell . It simply outlined what everyone already knew : Low turnout would equal disaster for Democrats . Later I wrote a commentary for CNN.com outlining the enormous differential in likely turnout between Democratic and Republican precincts . For certain , the Achilles ' heel for Democrats was a broad and deep drop-off of its inveterate voters . When the electorate shrinks , Democrats lose . To succeed , Democrats must always be expanding the electorate and using every tool in their arsenal to do so . This brings me to how I was wrong on Election Night . I was wrong to go along with conventional wisdom about how the election was all about rejecting Obama , and that it would be wise not to make him a focal point . According to exit polls , most voters in fact rejected the idea that their vote was in opposition to Obama . A 45 % plurality said Obama had not been a factor in their vote ; 53 % of independent voters and a larger majority  55 %  of moderate voters said Obama was not a factor in their vote . Obama was very much a factor for Republicans . But for the broad swath of voters outside of hard partisans , this election was n't about him . But for Democrats , it should have been . Here is why : According to projections by the United States Election Project , turnout in the 2014 midterm elections was the lowest in over six decades , a pathetic 36 % . Guess which political leader is really good at energizing turnout and expanding the electorate ? In 2008 , candidate Obama helped increase turnout to an astonishing 62 % , helping Democrats win seats up and down the ballot in both red and blue states . In 2012 , he did it again , with close to 60 % turnout -- once more winning a majority on his way to winning back-to-back majorities , which has n't been done by a Democrat in my lifetime . He helped Democrats pick up Congressional seats even in a year many prognosticators said Democrats would lose the Senate . No , President Obama should n't have been put on a bus tour through the Deep South , but he certainly should not have been locked away in the White House either . There has n't been a better campaigner in either party in over three decades than Barack Obama . When he is on the campaign trail , he can bring stadiums full of voters to their feet , as if at a BeyoncÃ © concert . This midterm , Democrats basically told the best campaigner in our history to go sit in a corner . It was n't the right map . They essentially told Michael Jordan not to suit up for game seven because the game was being played in a hostile arena . And why did we do that ? Because we did n't have the fortitude to stand with him and the accomplishments we should have trumpeted : lower unemployment , declining crime , economic growth that is the envy of the European Union , manufacturing growth , a booming auto industry , low gas prices , a record number of people with health insurance , the deficit shrinking as a proportion of GDP , and Osama bin Laden dead . Hell , with a lot less , President Reagan declared it was "  morning in America . " "  Yeah , " you tell me , "  but Americans do n't feel the economy is getting better . " Well , you know how NOT to change that narrative -- by running from our accomplishments . The painful truth is , we ran away from the best progressive persuasion voice in our times because the ghost of our country 's original sin still haunts us . We looked at that battleground map running through the heart of Dixie and trembled . We ran away from Obama instead of fighting , instead of calling to the better angels of the American electorate . We tried to parse our party 's identity , which only reinforced the tribalization of our electorate . So we called ourselves "  Clinton Democrats . " Pitiful . We all know what that means . It only validates the putrid , subtle racism that it is attempting to perfume . Note to future Democratic campaigns : There are no Clinton Democrats , there are only Democrats .	Cornell Belcher : Obama should have spent more time on campaign trail Democrats fled from best progressive persuasion voice in our times : Belcher Clinton Democrats , there are only Democrats , Belcher says
CNN  A couple of weeks ago , the rally cry that had been bubbling in the wake of "  The Imitation Game " suddenly grew louder . Matt Breen , editor-in-chief of The Advocate and one of the most impassioned , trustworthy voices out there when it comes to politics and civil liberties , started a petition . Visit Pardon49k.org and you 'll see that it 's gathered more than 272,000 signatures already and counting . Its call to action : a plea to the British government to grant pardons to the estimated 49,000 men who were convicted under the UK 's anti-gay laws , just as Alan Turing -- the computer scientist and World War II codebreaker -- was in the 1950s . Truth be told , most apologies given would be posthumous like the one Turing received from Gordon Brown and Queen Elizabeth II a few years back . But to ignore the injustice they all suffered just because they 're not there to hear us is to ignore history , do further injustice to their families , and that 's something we quite simply can not do . Hearing of the overwhelming response that Matt 's petition was receiving , outspoken gay actor/comedian Stephen Fry echoed the sentiment at a London screening of the film . Members of Turing 's family and the movie 's cast joined Fry in drafting an open letter to Britain 's political leaders , including David Cameron , as well as the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge -- insisting that those men deserved to have the stains of criminal conviction removed from their names . Benedict Cumberbatch , who so exquisitely plays Turing in the movie , said it best perhaps : "  Alan Turing was not only prosecuted , but quite arguably persuaded to end his own life early , by a society who called him a criminal for simply seeking out the love he deserved , as all human beings do . Sixty years later , that same government claimed to "  forgive " him by pardoning him . I find this deplorable , because Turing 's actions did not warrant forgiveness -- theirs did -- and the 49,000 other prosecuted men deserve the same . " Indeed , part of what makes telling Turing 's story so important is that thousands like him experienced the same cruelty as he did , enduring relentless discrimination simply for attempting to live complete , fulfilled lives . I 've been a huge supporter of "  The Imitation Game " from before its premiere and see it as this year 's best film because , as I said , it so poignantly reminds us that we can not ignore history . In minority communities like ours , we look to stories of legendary role models like Turing or Harvey Milk for inspiration . Instead of relying on oral traditions from family or friends , we must look to historians , artists , authors and moviemakers to help ensure that we remember where we came from . The heroes of our movement , alive or dead , are there to remind us of what we still need to strive towards . Turing 's many achievements should have earned him royal accolades in the UK . His impact warranted no less than a Presidential Medal of Freedom or Nobel Peace Prize on this side of the Atlantic . The work he did helped to defeat the spread of fascism , and yet in return , the government took away his freedom . His persecution at the hands of their laws ended his life with pain and suffering . That same injustice was shared by close to 50,000 of our LGBT forebears , who selflessly accomplished feats that benefit us still today . "  The Imitation Game " and efforts inspired by it , like Matt 's petition , guarantee that Turing and men like him wo n't ever be forgotten .	Campaign grows to force UK government to pardon 49,000 men convicted under anti-gay laws LGBT campaigner Chad Griffin says story of WW2 codebreaker Alan Turing reminds us we can not ignore history Griffin : Work Turing did helped defeat fascism , and yet in return , UK government took away his freedom
London , England  CNN  -- The forthcoming Rolling Stone profile of Gen. Stanley McChrystal that was leaked to the press Monday has now taken on a life of its own . "  The Runaway General , " by former Newsweek correspondent Michael Hastings , offers a very close look at the four - star general who commands U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan . The piece is available in digital format to anyone who wants to read it ahead of its scheduled publication . Some very smart writers , bloggers and tweeters have been dissecting it now for the better part of a full day , critical of the attitudes and behaviors described in it as examples of arrogance , vindictiveness , frustration , or just plain old poor judgment . This is n't the first time McChrystal has been profiled in the media . When he first took charge of the Afghanistan mission in the summer of 2009 , he was heralded for his past achievements as a Special Forces officer and his approach to getting things done in both Iraq and Afghanistan . His personal asceticism was a source of awe : sleeping four hours a night , running 15 kilometers and eating a single meal per day , all while directing an extremely difficult mission . He was , by all accounts , the right man for the right job , and could be trusted to sift through the mess , defeat the enemy , and bring the troops home . His conduct has generally been correct and professional , too , despite significant differences of political and military opinion on America 's Afghanistan policy . That was at the beginning of his tour . Now , after almost a year , he appears to have either deliberately let his guard down or been caught with his pants around his ankles . Hastings , who spent a month with McChrystal , writes that he is "  determined to put his personal stamp on Afghanistan , to use it as a laboratory for a controversial military strategy known as counterinsurgency . " He also describes McChrystal 's entourage as a "  handpicked collection of killers , spies , geniuses , patriots , political operators and outright maniacs . " To those who have been following the issues , these read like the awkward , breathless observations of an ingénue -- or like material packaged to sell to an audience more attuned to music and pop culture than war and foreign policy . What 's really got everyone 's attention , though , is the article 's candid descriptions of what appears to be the McChrystal team 's  "  Team America "  contempt for its civilian counterparts and masters , including President Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Carl Eikenberry and Special Envoy Richard Holbrooke . McChrystal issued a formal apology Tuesday , just ahead of the viral stream that propelled the article across the web . Observers are critical that it may not be enough . Washington has now recalled McChrystal to explain himself , and Duncan Boothby , the civilian press aide who arranged Hastings ' access , has reportedly resigned his post . As the bodies begin to fall , some are pessimistic about what the future holds for McChrystal , and whether , by this time Wednesday , he will still be in command of U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan . The article raises as many questions about its author as it does about the command culture surrounding McChrystal . It is difficult to fathom that any reporter would be granted warts-and-all access to the inner sanctum , with no strings attached . Were there any ? It is equally hard to understand how members of Team America could feel free to speak as unguardedly as they did -- much less cut loose under the influence of alcohol , as Hastings described it -- and expect a good journalist in their midst to not record his observations . In an interview with CNN on Tuesday , Rolling Stone executive editor Eric Bates contended the comments made by McChrystal and other top military aides during the interview were "  not off-the-cuff remarks , " he said . They "  knew what they were doing when they granted the access . " The story shows "  a deep division " and "  war within the administration " over strategy in Afghanistan . Mostly , it 's difficult to discern what it is Hastings was trying to accomplish with the article , which feels like it wants to be two separate things : a balanced and in-depth profile , or an out-and-out hatchet job . On the former , it fails to convince -- the author 's grasp of context is uneven , at best . On the latter , his collected quips are hardly worth the gasps and tisks they 've earned thus far , and do n't lend themselves well to the context he 's trying to convey . Hastings , a young reporter whose work has been published in a variety of reputable publications , including the Washington Post , the L.A. Times , GQ and Foreign Policy , was a Newsweek correspondent in Iraq from 2005 to 2007 . His girlfriend , Andi Parhamovich , another young journalist , followed him there ; she was killed in a Sunni militia ambush in January 2007 . His memoir of the experience , "  I Lost My Love in Baghdad : A Modern War Story " , was published in 2008 , and quickly panned by New Yorker staff writer George Packer in a review in the New York Times . It was "  really two books " that failed to reconcile the war story and their romance . It had an "  embarrassing title . " It carried a "  whiff of exploitation , " and it suffered from "  literary shortcomings . " More to the point , Packer is one of several journalists , along with the Washington Post 's Rajiv Chandrasekaran and Dexter Filkins of the New York Times  among others  to have written notable accounts of their time reporting from Iraq . Some , like Filkins ' book "  The Forever War , " are more intensely personal than others ; the better volumes convey , in one way or another , the sense of social distance that separates their authors from the subjects they write about and from the world outside . That 's not what Hastings does . He can , according to Packer , "  convey the deadly ennui of a foot patrol " but "  is unable to rise rhetorically to the tragedy " of his girlfriend 's death . Substitute a few details , and that becomes a remarkably apt description of the Rolling Stones piece . Hastings clearly demonstrates a keen eye for off-color detail , but fails to weave the threads into something more coherent or meaningful . Getting the facts straight and reporting them is one thing ; knowing your subject and making sense of it is quite another . That 's important , and something the Obama Administration should keep in mind before making a decision on the basis of a single reporter 's work . If McChrystal is to be sacked , it should be because the White House thinks the relationship between its military and civilian elements in Afghanistan is important to the mission and needs fixing , or because it wants to shift directions in Afghanistan and a change of military leadership would be the best way to make it happen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Innes .	An article entitled "  The Runaway General " puts Gen. Stanley McChrystal under scrutiny Michael Innes says President Obama should n't fire McChrystal based on this one article He says the piece fails to put comments by McChrystal and his staff in context Innes says reporter failed to weave threads of his reporting into a more coherent whole
CNN  -- Sasheer Zamata will join "  Saturday Night Live " this month , making her the first African-American female in the show 's cast in six years , a show rep said Monday . Zamata will make her debut on the late-night sketch comedy show on January 18 , when hip-hop star Drake is scheduled to host , the rep said . The comedian has been honing her skills with the Upright Citizens Brigade in New York since graduating from the University of Virginia with a drama degree in 2009 , according to her official biography . Producers of the NBC show have been criticized for the lack of diversity since Maya Rudolph left the cast six years ago . In October , "  SNL " cast member Kenan Thompson told TV Guide the show had difficulty finding qualified black female comedians to hire.Â He insisted that the talent pool was limited because so many of the women were not seasonedÂ enough for the job . Executive Producer Lorne Michaels told The New York Times last month he was holding audition and that a black woman would be added to the cast in January . "  All told , we 've seen about 25 people , " Â he said . "  A lot of the people we saw are really good . Hopefully , we 'll come out of the process well . " Zamata , whose name was one of those floated in media reports , is known for her comedy videos online in which she writes and performs . Tim Meadows : How could ` SNL ' do Bill Brasky without me ? CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Zamata makes her debut on the late-night sketch comedy show on January 18 The comedian has been honing her skills with the Upright Citizens Brigade in New York Producers have been criticized for the lack of diversity since Maya Rudolph left 6 years ago Lorne Michaels said last month he was holding audition to add a black woman in January
CNN  -- The summer vacation season is already in full swing across the United States , and for many families that means loading up the car and heading to the beach . But as temperatures rise , so do the instances of air , road and railway congestion . With America on the move , the resulting traffic jams show the poor state of our infrastructure . Lane closures , potholes , flight and rail delays all have one thing in common : a lack of adequate investment in our transportation systems . The beleaguered Highway Trust Fund , which provides money for American roads , bridges and highways , is expected to go broke soon . The White House has just said it would support legislation for a short-term fix to keep the fund going through the height of the summer construction season . The federal dollars from the highway fund help supplement states ' transportation projects across the nation to help keep travel routes safe , efficient and well maintained . This fund is vital in ensuring that U.S. roads and rails do not go from inconvenient to impassable . The fund relies primarily on revenue from the 18.4-cent-per-gallon gas tax and 24.4-cent-per-gallon diesel fuel tax . But because of a variety of factors -- from cars becoming more fuel-efficient , to states purchasing less gasoline from year to year , to the state of the gas tax  which has not been raised in 20 years  -- the trust fund is running on empty . 5 ways the highway crisis could affect you If you think our roads , bridges and rails are in deplorable condition now , just think what would happen if the trickle of federal funding ever were to run dry . If Congress does not replenish the Highway Trust Fund quickly , ongoing projects will grind to a halt and new projects will be pushed back indefinitely . States depend on the money from the trust fund at levels ranging from 15 % to 60 % of their transportation projects . An empty Highway Trust Fund would affect the entire country , but certain states and projects could be hit especially hard . California , for example , has long depended upon federal dollars for miles of roads and bridges as well as many transit projects . Without the trust fund 's capital , more than $ 2 billion worth of construction projects would be at risk . These projects range from road repairs to comprehensive transit rehabilitation projects and are of vital importance to the safety of California 's transportation network . On the other side of the country , Rhode Island could be in dire straits , too . Our smallest state depends on around $ 200 million a year to keep its transportation hub a viable connector in the Northeast and Middle Atlantic states . Without this continued federal investment , delays in Providence could worsen , clogging the entire I-95 corridor . This is not just a coastal problem , either . In Missouri , a whopping 47 % of highway and transit projects depend upon support from the Highway Trust Fund . The Missouri Department of Transportation has already been preparing to shut down many ongoing projects , with a spokesman saying : "  We 're going to be in virtually a maintenance-only mode , and even that is short of what we need to maintain our system . " State and city governments rely on the investment from the Highway Trust Fund in order to make important projects a reality . However , without action from lawmakers in Washington , many projects could be delayed indefinitely and construction workers will be sidelined . This is not only bad for travelers -- it 's bad for the economy . In fact , more than 700,000 construction jobs are at risk if the Highway Trust Fund goes broke . As the United States begins to see economic improvements following the Great Recession , a job market shock of this magnitude would be a huge step backward . Yet Congress seems poised to allow this to happen , a move that would directly affect millions of Americans -- especially those already frustrated with the delays they experience during this increasingly high-volume travel season . Americans must make Congress listen . One way is the "  I 'm Stuck " app , created by Building America 's Future as a simple , fast and secure way for people to share travel frustrations with their representative or senator . If you find yourself stuck on a highway , the tarmac or a train station , this app allows you to take a quick photo and send a message to your lawmaker . It 's a modern-day letter-writing campaign -- one that will be hard for Congress to ignore . American infrastructure is already in dire need of funding , and we can not let Congress make the problem worse by letting the Highway Trust Fund run dry . The trust fund must be replenished as soon as possible -- but a long-term , comprehensive plan for infrastructure investment must become part of our country 's legislative agenda . Congress needs to either raise the gas tax and index it to inflation or pass comprehensive tax reform that could include provisions to pay for long-term infrastructure investment . Lawmakers need to find a way -- where appropriate -- to bring in the private sector to assist and take advantage of the groundbreaking work being done at our great universities to use technology to improve our vital systems . While we are stymied on repairing our infrastructure , other countries are moving ahead with modern ports , highways and broadband . In order for the United States to stay competitive on an international level in the 21st century , we must invest in 21st-century infrastructure . The next time you are frustrated with a travel delay or stopped in traffic , pull out your cell phone and tell Congress to do its job . It just might be the wake-up call our government needs .	Marcia Hale : Summer travelers will find lane closures , potholes , flight and rail delays Hale : Crumbling infrastructure because of inadequate funding is the reason Hale : Highway Fund is dwindling , resulting in job losses , terrible bridges , roads She says Congress needs to find a long-term solution to keep fund healthy
CNN  -- The Director 's Guild of America has announced its feature film nominees for 2014 , and you can probably guess who made the cut . The DGA 's list of five names is perfectly in sync with the handful of films that have been championed as top awards season contenders , from "  American Hustle " to "  12 Years A Slave . " See special coverage of Awards Season 2014 So yes , Steve McQueen  who helmed "  12 Years "  and David O. Russell  "  Hustle "  are up for the honor of outstanding directorial achievement in 2013 , along with Martin Scorsese  "  The Wolf of Wall Street "  and Alfonso CuarÃ ³ n  "  Gravity "  . Although Spike Jonze 's "  Her " has enjoyed exuberant praise from critics , he did n't make it into this group of nominees . The final director rounding out the DGA 's list is Paul Greengrass , who led Tom Hanks ' lauded adaptation , "  Captain Phillips . " "  To be chosen by your peers in a year full of incredibly well-crafted films is the true marker of outstanding directorial achievement , " said DGA President Paris Barclay , as he announced the nominees . "  The passion and vision of each of the nominees resulted in tremendously diverse films that kept audiences mesmerized . Congratulations to each of the nominees on a job very well done . " 2014 Awards tracker The winner of the DGA award for achievement in feature film will be announced at the organization 's 66th annual awards ceremony on January 25 . "  Glee " star Jane Lynch will host the event , which will be held in Los Angeles .	The Director 's Guild of America has announced its feature film nominees The list of five names reflects some of the strongest films of 2013 David O. Russell , Steve McQueen and Martin Scorsese are up for the honor The winner will be announced on January 25 at a ceremony in Los Angeles
CNN  -- Since the dawn of the iPhone age in 2007 , loyal BlackBerry users have watched their favorite device maker stumble into an ever-steepening decline . Some of the collapse is due to the consumer changeover to Apple and Google Android products , but the company -- once known as Research In Motion -- has n't helped itself with poor planning and delayed product introductions . On Monday , the company that once blazed the trail in the smartphone market announced it 's being taken private by its largest shareholder , Fairfax Financial , a Canadian insurance company . The move comes on the heels of an announced $ 1 billion quarterly loss and layoffs of 4,500 employees . Its future as a maker of smartphones may be in doubt . Now the dwindling numbers of loyal BlackBerry users must decide : Is this the last straw ? It 's no idle question . For all the attention paid to BlackBerry 's fall and the rise of iPhone and Android , there 's still a sizable BlackBerry market out there . Forbes magazine estimates that there are in excess of 50 million BlackBerry users , and they remain fiercely devoted to their phones , with their secure e-mail software and physical keyboards . "  You can tear my Blackberry 's real keyboard out of my cold dead fingers , " user Charles Wright of Toronto wrote on Twitter . BlackBerry : Why breaking up is hard to do Ronen Halevy , an IT security professional who runs the site BerryReview.com , still prefers his BlackBerry because it "  focuses on communications first " -- even though he 's familiar with both Android and iPhone platforms . "  They 're very good devices to consume information , but the main point of the phone is that it 's more like a computer , " he says of the Apple and Google phones . BlackBerrys , he says , are better at "  flow " from e-mail to calendar to other applications . He hopes that the company returns to its roots . "  I think that Fairfax should double down on BlackBerry 10 and the combination of corporate and consumer market that appreciated the rock solid communication platform it offered , " he wrote on BerryReview.com . "  This means an end to the ` me too ' additions of features to BlackBerry 10 and instead appealing to the market that made BlackBerry take off . " One commenter observed , however , that the company will be hard pressed to win new converts . "  Not good news for consumers , people hate the BB name and what it stands for . Self-inflicted suicide , " kingbernie wrote . He suspected that becoming a corporate-focused software business might be the company 's best way out of the wilderness -- even if it means leaving the consumer market behind . From CrackBerry to ` depressing ' : The BlackBerry 's 5-year fall Chris Umiastowski , a tech analyst and regular contributor to the BlackBerry boards on CrackBerry.com , says BlackBerry fans should remain wary . "  Going private does n't necessarily change the outcome for the company . All it is guaranteed to change is the ownership structure , " he said via e-mail . "  It 's not a nail in the coffin , nor is it some massive opportunity to fix themselves . No matter who owns the shares they still have to compete with solid competitors . Going private just lets them operate outside of so much public scrutiny . " For those who want to put their BlackBerrys in a drawer next to their PalmPilots but want to keep a physical keyboard on their devices , your options are limited . The Motorola Photon Q and the Motorola Droid 4 are Android-compatible and have relatively large slide-out keyboards , but reviewers have taken issue with their camera capabilities . In addition , BerryReview.com 's Halevy observes , those keyboards -- which are landscape-oriented instead of the portrait-style versions on BlackBerrys -- seem like "  afterthoughts . " "  Even if you 're in an e-mail and you want to hit the ` delete ' button to delete an e-mail -- you think that 's logical -- it does n't work , " he says . What killed BlackBerry : Terrible apps The NEC Terrain , another Android phone with a physical keyboard , is marketed for its "  rugged innovation " but , says Halevy , he does n't think it 's really aimed at the general consumer . That leads to the host of smartphones with virtual keyboards , including the new iPhone 5S and 5C , the Android-compatible Samsung Galaxy S4 and the Android HTC One , among many others . All have their pros and cons , whether it 's your comfort with their operating systems or your desire for certain accessories . But for those , like Umiastowski , who want to stick with BlackBerry , it will hard to get them to change . His household includes a number of Apple items -- including his wife 's iPhone -- but he prefers the BlackBerry . He 's frustrated by the lack of apps for the device but still prefers the overall experience . "  BlackBerry has always been  and still is  the best experience for communicating . At first it was push email and physical keyboards . Now I 'm on a Z10 and I find the multitasking + software keyboard + email experience is second to none , " he wrote . "  An iPhone would feel like a step backwards on those things which matter to me . " Besides , says Halevy , he likes how the BlackBerry creates community . "  The one thing you notice immediately when people change from BlackBerry to other devices is you never hear from them anymore , " he says . Opinion : Why I 'll never ditch my BlackBerry	On Monday , BlackBerry announced that it was being taken private Despite decline in consumer sales , there are still 50 million BlackBerry users They 're very loyal to the brand and hope change is harbinger of an upswing
Fort Lee , New Jersey  CNN  -- The lane closure scandal rocking New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's administration is raising questions whether gridlock delayed paramedics ' effort to save a 91-year-old woman who was in cardiac arrest and later died . "  This crosses a line that is rarely crossed : People 's lives were in danger , " said New Jersey state Sen. Ray Lesniak , a Democrat . "  Endangering people 's lives -- that 's not politics . That 's why the U.S. attorneys have to get involved . " Lesniak is asking for federal prosecutors to open an investigation into whether the lane closures were a factor in the woman 's death . Her daughter told CNN affiliate WABC that she did n't believe the traffic trouble was a factor in Florence Genova 's death . "  I really do n't think so , no , I really do n't . I think she was 91 and really believe in my heart that she was already gone when the ambulance got  to her house  , " Vilma Oleri told the station . The investigation also would look into allegations that aides to Christie , a Republican , closed lanes at the George Washington Bridge as retaliation against the mayor of Fort Lee , a Democrat who did n't endorse Christie 's re-election campaign . The delays to paramedics were red-flagged on the second day of the lane closures last September when Fort Lee EMS coordinator Paul Favia wrote a letter to the mayor saying the snarled traffic was "  causing unnecessary delays for emergency services . " In two emergency calls , response time was doubled because of the traffic jams , Favia wrote . Christie drops swagger amid heat of scandal Among two other delays listed in the letter was the cardiac arrest of the elderly woman . On September 9 , Emergency Medical Services personnel received a call about an unconscious 91-year-old woman , and the response time was seven minutes because of traffic , Favia said in his letter . The delay could have been longer , but because paramedics were already heading to an unrelated incident reported one minute earlier , they were able to shorten the delay in reaching the elderly woman , Favia said . "  The result of this call was a cardiac arrest , which was pronounced at Englewood Hospital , " Favia wrote . "  I would also like it noted that the paramedics were delayed due to heavy traffic on Fort Lee Road and had to meet the ambulance en route to the hospital instead of on the scene . " Favia did not indicate what the response for the call on the elderly woman should have been , but he pointed out details from the incident reported one minute earlier . That one was a motor vehicle accident with injuries . Favia arrived on that scene in seven minutes , when it should have taken him less than four minutes , he said . An EMS crew arrived in nine minutes , he said . Four people in that accident were transported to the hospital , he said . Chris Christie bridge scandal : a primer In summarizing a total of four delayed emergency responses on September 9 and September 10 , Favia urged Mayor Mark Sokolich to take action . "  I am bringing this to your attention so that perhaps some type of modification of change can be made to this new traffic pattern , so we can possibly avoid any further delayed response times to emergencies throughout the borough , " Favia wrote in the letter , dated September 10 . Favia could n't be reached for comment Thursday . On the bridge : ` Those days ... worse than a disaster ' CNN 's Ray Sanchez reported from New Jersey , and Michael Martinez wrote and reported from Los Angeles .	NEW : Woman 's daughter says she believes her mom was dead at the house A New Jersey legislator wants feds to investigate death of woman , 91 "  Endangering people 's lives -- that 's not politics , " Democrat says Gridlock delays paramedics reaching woman in cardiac arrest , EMS chief says
CNN  -- For the first few moments of her life , Veronica was with her birth mother . For the next two years , she was with her adoptive parents . And for the last week , the toddler has been with her biological father , over 1,000 miles away from the only home she 'd ever known . It 's been a long , complicated journey for young Veronica -- one made possible by a federal law meant "  to protect the best interests of Indian children " that , in the process , has tugged at the heartstrings of all involved . The story began in 2009 , when Veronica 's biological mother and father , Dusten Brown , signed a legal document agreeing to put the girl up for adoption . Brown 's attorney , Shannon Jones , says that her client signed the waiver but did n't quite understand it . Soon after the girl was born , Brown -- a U.S. Army soldier -- headed off on a 1-year deployment . It was then that the baby moved on as well , to the Charleston , South Carolina , home of Matt and Melanie Capobianco . It was an open adoption , family friend Jessica Munday said . That meant the girl 's birth mother could and did maintain a relationship with the girl . But Brown , the biological father , was n't on board . Four months after Veronica 's birth , he began legal proceedings seeking custody of her . "  My client has been fighting for custody of his daughter since shortly after her birth , " Shannon Jones , Brown 's Charleston-based lawyer , said by e-mail . "  He loves this child with all his heart . " Brown appeared to win that battle late last year . On New Year 's Eve , he arrived in South Carolina , picked up Veronica from her adoptive parents , and headed west to his home in Oklahoma . "  It 's awful , " Matt Capobianco said days later to CNN affiliate WCIV . "  Everyone keeps saying how bad they feel for us . But , I mean , she 's a 2-year-old girl that got shoved in a truck and driven to Oklahoma -- with strangers . " Key to Brown 's case is a 1978 federal law called the Indian Child Welfare Act . Its aim is to "  promote the stability and security of Indian tribes and Indian families by the establishment of minimum federal standards to prevent the arbitrary removal of Indian children from their families and tribes and to ensure that measures which prevent the breakup of Indian families are followed in child custody proceedings . " Brown is enrolled in the Cherokee Nation , a "  federally-recognized government " of Indians that has "  inherent sovereign status , " based near Tahlequah , Oklahoma . That means young Veronica has Indian blood , as well . Chrissi Ross Nimmo , assistant attorney general for the Cherokee Nation , says that the protections inherent in the Child Welfare Act are clear and important . Applied as she sees it , Brown -- as an Indian and the biological father of Veronica -- is entitled to custody of the girl . "  There 's a placement preference . If children are removed by the state or if they 're placed in private adoption , the first preference is for a family member , " Nimmo told CNN affiliate KOTV . Others disagree . CNN legal analyst Avery Freedman , for one , said the law was misused in this case . "  It 's a wonderful law which seeks to protect the integrity of ... Native American families , " she said . "  But it can not be used as a bludgeon to destroy existing families . " Jones insists that Brown "  would still be entitled to custody of his daughter under South Carolina law . " "  It is important to understand that the Indian Child Welfare Act was not used as a loophole in this action , " the lawyer said . Whatever the legal arguments , the emotions are still raw . The Capobiancos have spoken to Veronica once since she left , on New Year 's Day . "  She said , ` Hi Mommy ! Hi Daddy ! She sounded really excited to hear us . And she said , ' I love you ! ' numerous times , " Melanie Capobianco told WCIV . She added that her husband felt like he 'd failed as a father , sending her off with people she did n't know and not knowing what the little girl must think of them and the whole situation . Melanie Capobianco said she is worried about what 's next , and how Veronica is getting through each day and night . "  We just wish we could be there , if she was afraid , " she said .	A Cherokee Indian man wins custody of his 2-year-old biological daughter She 'd been adopted by a South Carolina family soon after her birth Lawyer : The biological father did n't understand the waiver he signed A federal law meant to protect Indian family breakup is key to the case
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Tensions among Pakistan , Afghanistan and the United States jumped a notch Monday , with Pakistan 's prime minister warning there would be "  no more business as usual " with Washington after NATO aircraft killed two dozen Pakistan troops . Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani told CNN in an exclusive interview that Pakistan is re-evaluating its relationship with the United States in light of the airstrike , which NATO called a "  tragic unintended " event . He said the South Asian nation wants to maintain its relationship with the United States so long as there is mutual respect and respect for Pakistani sovereignty . Asked directly if Pakistan is getting that respect , Gilani said : "  At the moment not . " "  If I ca n't protect the sovereignty of my country , how can we say that this is mutual respect and mutual interest ? " he asked . The Pakistani Taliban urged Pakistan to respond in kind to the airstrike , while a top adviser to Afghan President Hamid Karzai warned that Afghanistan and Pakistan could be on a path to conflict . In his CNN interview , Gilani highlighted incidents such as the killing of the Pakistani troops and a U.S. raid into Pakistan to kill Osama bin Laden as violations of his country 's sovereignty . "  You can not win any war without the support of the masses ... and such sort of incidents makes people move away from this situation , " he said . Pakistan is a vital land supply route into Afghanistan for the United States and its allies , and a key partner in the battle against al Qaeda and its aligned jihadist movements . But Pakistani authorities turned back 300 trucks carrying NATO supplies and fuel into Afghanistan on Monday , and the prime minister said his government had not yet decided whether to boycott an upcoming Bonn conference on the future of Afghanistan . Details of Saturday 's deadly raid remained unclear Monday , and the chief of U.S. forces in the region named an Air Force general from the military 's Special Operations Command to lead an investigation . Gen. James Mattis ordered the investigating officer , Brig. Gen. Stephen Clark , to report back to him by December 23 . According to two senior U.S. officials with direct knowledge of initial reporting on the incident , the probe is focusing on what coordination failures occurred before the airstrike . One of the officials said initial reports indicate U.S. and Afghan forces said shots were fired across the border from Pakistan , noting that it is a known tactic of insurgents to fire into Afghanistan from very close to Pakistan border checkpoints because they believe it will give them sanctuary . The United States believes the Pakistanis "  were called " before NATO opened fire , the official said , but he added that "  at this point , we just do n't know exactly what coordination was done . " A NATO official said Afghan troops were working with elements of U.S. Special Operations forces in a combined mission on the Afghan side of the border . Pakistani military spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas denied the reports that Pakistani troops had prompted the attack Saturday by firing on the NATO helicopters . Speaking by phone to Pakistan 's Geo TV News , Abbas said NATO helicopters fired first on the Pakistani military checkpoints . Abbas said the soldiers notified Pakistani military headquarters , which informed NATO authorities immediately . The spokesman said Pakistani soldiers fired at the NATO aircraft in retaliation . Speaking in London , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Martin Dempsey , acknowledged that the U.S.-Pakistani relationship was "  troubled . " But he suggested it would survive once the two nations work through the "  real tragedy " of the Pakistani deaths . "  We 've had other moments before , " Dempsey said . "  I 'm hopeful that with the relationships we 've built leader-to-leader and worked at over the past years , that we can find our way forward . But I understand the anger . I understand the concern . " The White House offered its condolences to Pakistan , while State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Washington was concerned about the impact the incident could have on relations with Pakistan . "  The relationship is vitally important to both countries . We both face a shared threat from extremists . ... We 're taking this very seriously , " he said . A U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity told CNN that Pakistan remains a "  critical " partner in counterterrorism , "  and we do not anticipate significant changes in that relationship . " The Pakistani Taliban appeared to try to widen the rift Monday . A spokesman for the fundamentalist Islamic movement , Ihsanullah Ihsan , said in a phone call to CNN that the U.S. will infringe on Pakistan 's sovereignty and continue operations on Pakistani soil in the coming days . Ihsan said Pakistan must respond in kind to the NATO attacks , and he warned that the Pakistani Taliban will continue jihad as long as Pakistan remains an ally of the United States . In Kabul , meanwhile , a senior adviser to President Karzai said Afghanistan and Pakistan may be on a course toward military conflict . Ashraf Ghani said the link between Pakistan and the assassination of a former Afghan president had united his country "  against interference . " Ghani accused Pakistan of harboring and assisting the insurgency in Afghanistan , and said his country 's neighbor probably helped the suicide bomber who killed former Afghan President Burhanudin Rabbani in September . "  The assassination of President Rabbani has gelled the nation together against interference . And one or two more actions could put us in an irreversible course  toward  conflict . And we 've shown through our history that we are a match for any invader , " he said . The two nations have been trading accusations in the border regions in the past few months , with Pakistan accusing the Afghans of harboring militants and Afghanistan claiming Pakistani shells have hit Afghan territory . But on Sunday , a spokesman for Karzai urged Pakistan to come to the Bonn conference , which is being billed as a chance to start a reconciliation process in Afghanistan . "  We want Pakistan to participate in that . We want Pakistan to be part of the solution in Afghanistan , " Aimal Faizi said . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Kabul , Afghanistan . CNN 's Barbara Starr and Chris Lawrence and journalists Nasir Habib , Shaan Khan and Saboor Khattak contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. commander wants an investigation complete before Christmas Pakistan denies firing first at a NATO aircraft that killed two dozen Pakistanis The Pakistani Taliban say Pakistan must respond in kind to the attack A top Afghan official warns of possible conflict with Pakistan
CNN  -- Just a few years ago , not many people would believe that an independent film director would be put in charge of resurrecting one of the most popular superheroes of all time on the big screen . Yet Marc Webb , best known for "  500  Days of Summer , " rebooted "  The Amazing Spider-Man " on the big screen : a gamble which paid off to the tune of $ 262 million in the U.S. this past summer . With Jamie Foxx already rumored to play the villain Electro in the 2014 sequel , Webb spoke to CNN about the experience making the hit movie  out on Blu-ray this Friday  , and looked ahead to the next installment . If you have n't seen the movie , be forewarned there are spoilers ahead . CNN : Now that you 've had a little time to the reflect , what surprised you most about the reaction ? Webb : We did a big press tour around the world and it was extraordinary to see the level of enthusiasm . In Europe , Asia and everywhere else , it 's staggering the pervasiveness of Spider-Man . People reacted well to the Peter  Parker  and Gwen  Stacy  storyline . That was great . More than action , spectacle , superheroes or anything else , what goes on between two people in a room , whether it 's anger or love or sometimes both is important . Creating a relatable , emotional space with the characters was crucial . That breakup scene -- Andrew and Emma were really great in that . I have to take my hat off to those actors for that . What was fun was how curious people were about Peter 's parents . The long shadow of that mystery was cast over the film . It was really encouraging that that gamble paid off . Even though we did n't quite solve it . CNN : What was your favorite reaction to the film ? Webb : In Japan people were really moved by the crane moment . They felt inspired by people coming together . It was nice that it came across . It came across stronger in Japan than Korea . Different parts of the world reacted differently to different things . CNN : What was the most difficult thing to pull off ? Webb : You realize how many fans are in that universe . The intensity of the fans was really overwhelming for me , and also inspiring , but also intimidating . You understand their love of the characters and you want to make them happy , but you want to surprise them as well . When I did "  Summer , " nobody cared . I was desperate for some publicity . With this there was too much publicity and too many websites talking about our movie . You want to make a movie in private to create and experiment but that 's not the way of a big franchise . You want to create performances as great as any independent film , it 's not about big or small . It 's about finding something special . CNN : Would you ideally hope that this becomes a trilogy ? Webb : That 's too far in the future , but I 'm having a great time . I 'm having a really great time . CNN : What themes do you want to explore more in the next movie ? What should DVD and Blu-Ray viewers look for in preparing for the sequel ? Webb : There 's a lot more to explore with the parents . The Gwen Stacy saga is going to unfold in an interesting way . CNN : You and Andrew Garfield were confirmed for the sequel . Is Emma Stone likely to return as well ? Webb : Emma will be back . Believe you me .	Marc Webb rebooted "  The Amazing Spider-Man " He said in Japan people were really moved by the crane moment in the film Webb said that the film has received too much press
New York  CNN  -- A propane gas tank leak that prompted the evacuations of an estimated 900 homes in Shirley , New York , was contained , officials said Saturday night . After conducting an air quality sampling of 100 residences , officials decided to allow all residents to go home , said Suffolk County spokesman Dan Aug. . Electricity was restored , with the exception of a shopping center that holds the 30,000-gallon underground storage tank . Fire and other workers were able to close a leaking valve on the tank in the Long Island town , Suffolk County Executive Steve Levy said in a statement . The leak was discovered at 1:15 a.m. by a driver of a propane delivery truck , the county said . Red Cross spokesman Craig Cooper arrived at a local high school about 3 a.m. Saturday to help some of the evacuees , many of whom were without important medications . "  People literally showed up in their pajamas , " he said , estimating that about 150 residents had registered at the school . The leak affected a five-mile radius around Shirley on Long Island 's southern shore , according to Sgt. Greg Heller of the Suffolk County Police Department . Heller told CNN that the leak was not suspicious , but because propane gas stays low and close to the ground , authorities decided to evacuate nearby homes . The leak also shut down rail service between Patchogue and Speonk , according to Long Island Rail Road spokesman Mike Lewi . "  I commend our county , town , American Red Cross and volunteer emergency services personnel for this tightly coordinated response , " said Levy . CNN 's Laura Batchelor and Angelica Bonus contributed to this report .	NEW : Residents are allowed to go home The leak is successfully contained in Shirley , New York Homes and businesses within a 5-mile radius of the leak were evacuated The Red Cross assisted evacuees
CNN  -- Could the shop-over be the new buzzword for addicts to serious retail therapy ? This delicious term has been coined by a tour operator that is packaging two-destination holidays with great shopping cities at their core . Many itineraries put hundreds of miles between the closest shopping mecca and the beach , but Western & Oriental 's Rome-Amalfi combination is one of many possible pairings in which a world-class shopping capital and a legendary vacation playground are linked by just a few hours ' drive . Rome and Amalfi Coast , Italy Western & Oriental suggests a shop-over in Rome before chilling out on the romantic and glorious Amalfi Coast . And the Eternal City is not all about Gucci , Prada and other Italian designer stores lining the Via Condotti ; Western & Oriental puts up its guests in Monti , a hip neighborhood with some great little boutiques , happening bars and cool restaurants . In Amalfi , it 's back to tradition at the Monastero Santa Rosa , converted from a 17th-century monastery . Like all the most desirable hotels along this coast , it offers fabulous mountainside views over the sea . From $ 2,635 , excluding international airfare , for the four-star Rome and Amalfi combo : www.wandotravel.com New York and Vermont , United States No one disputes that the Big Apple is the shopping capital of the world , but it 's less well-known that certain hotels have close links with the personal shoppers in Manhattan 's most desirable stores . The Waldorf Towers concierge can arrange for personal shoppers from Barneys or Bloomingdale 's to come to the hotel , or you can have your in-store purchases delivered to the hotel at any hour , leaving you unburdened as you head downtown to shop the boutiques of SoHo and other areas . Not to mention that the Towers apartments have the heady 1930s ambiance of a Fred and Ginger movie . From Shop-Till-You-Drop Central , peaceful Vermont is only a four-hour drive . The Blue Horse Inn in Woodstock is a serene place to stay in a beautiful village -- and there is more retail therapy not far away at the tony outlet town of Manchester , Vermont . Mumbai and Goa , India You can fly direct to Goa 's beaches on the west coast of India , perhaps the most laid-back and eclectic coastal paradise in the world . But it 's more fun to take a couple of days to explore the country 's most cosmopolitan and vibrant city , Mumbai -- not least because it 's home to so much great homegrown design The best way to explore the boutiques is to hire a car and driver for half a day and hand over a list of hot addresses . These should include Anokhi , Abraham & Thakore and Le Mill , but at a top hotel like the Taj Mahal Palace , the concierge will know the names of even newer , hotter places shoppers may want to add . The hotel has one of the world 's best urban outdoor pools , perfect for post-shop chilling in a hectic town . Paris and Normandy , France Paris is such a brilliant shopping city , you 'll be footsore by the time you 've combed the Rue des Francs Bourgeois and other shopping streets of the trendy Marais , not to mention the Rue Napoleon on the Left Bank and the designer haunts of the Faubourg St. Honore . A hotel designed specifically for ladies who shop is the Sofitel Paris Le Faubourg , with fashion murals in the corridors and in-room macaroons on request . Kitted out in style , head for the Gare St. Lazare station and follow the chic Parisiens taking the train to the twin resorts of Deauville and Trouville on the Normandy coast . They 're as different as chalk and cheese ; Deauville , with its upscale boutiques and boardwalk emblazoned with the names of Hollywood stars , looks like a location for a Ralph Lauren resort catalog . Trouville is laid-back , charming and family-friendly ; do n't miss the fabulous brasserie Les Vapeurs for a dinner that could turn into a wild night . You can walk from one town to the other . Shanghai and Zhou Zhuang , China Shanghai has some of the most exciting shopping in Asia : Head for the boutiques of Xintiandi , a redeveloped neighborhood of beautiful old buildings retaining a 1920s ambiance , to find some of the most inventive fashion and accessories in China . Many international designer brands are housed in Maison Mode on Huaihai Road , but it 's more fun to hunt down local designers like Mary Ching , whose shoes are China 's Louboutins , on Ferguson Lane . Fashionistas can now stay within a few steps of the boutiques in The Langham hotel in Xintiandi . Less than two hours ' drive away , the old China lives on in Zhou Zhuang water village , dubbed the Venice of the Orient for its canals . The highlight is a picturesque double bridge , with Chinese gondoliers standing by to ply the waterways . The tiny town also has gardens to rival the more famous ones of nearby Suzhou -- but the bigger city has the better hotels . A non-cookie-cutter choice with one of the most famous Suzhou gardens on its doorstep , as well as greenery of its own , is the Garden Hotel . Marrakech and Essaouira , Morocco The souks of Marrakech are a shopper 's paradise for everything from embroidered kaftans to punched-metal lanterns to the pointy-toed slippers known as babouches . You do n't need a guide , but you do need a serene place to escape to after a frenetic round of shopping . Choose one of the riads -- lovely old houses built around courtyards -- within the medina , or old city , just a five-minute stroll from the souks . Riad Farnatchi offers good insider info and has a great hammam for soothing sore feet with steam and massage . On the next leg , drive to Essaouira , a dazzling little blue and white town on Morocco 's west coast with a medina of its own that 's light , bright and laid-back , a complete contrast to crowded Marrakech . Essaouira 's original guesthouse , the Villa Maroc , offers traditional decor , bags of atmosphere , a popular restaurant and the odd celebrity sighting . Melbourne and Daylesford , Australia From high design to vintage fashion , resin jewelry to aboriginal art , Melbourne is Australia 's shopping mecca , thanks to a diverse and creative population . It 's more about the neighborhoods than downtown ; check out tony South Yarra  Chapel Street  , edgy Fitzroy  Gertrude Street and Brunswick Street  and eclectic Prahran  Greville Street and the fabulous Prahran Market  . You can stay among some of the best boutiques at the Olsen Hotel on Chapel Street . Within a 90-minute drive is Daylesford , whose mineral springs make it Melbourne 's spa bolthole of choice . The village of Daylesford itself is charming , and if you ca n't linger overnight , there are day spas , including the historic Hepburn Bathhouse in nearby Hepburn Springs . But it would be a shame to miss a stay at charming properties like the Lake House , which boasts an award-winning restaurant as well as a state-of-the-art spa . What are your favorite shopping destinations ? What do you recommend purchasing there ?	Work at shopping in a big city , then unwind with a quiet retreat nearby Check out homegrown design in Mumbai before a few days on the coast in Goa Navigate the souks of Marrakech , then drive to laid-back Essaouira
Mental Floss  -- Your mission , if you choose to accept it , is to seek out covert items at fast food chains around the country . Not all food items are always listed on restaurant menus . Be warned , this mission includes very real dangers such as hardening arteries and skyrocketing cholesterol . We 've compiled a list to get you started . 1 . If you 're at Starbucks and in need of just a little caffeine , do n't worry -- there 's a tiny option for you . It 's the Short size , and they do n't advertise it . It 's like a little baby cup of coffee . It also comes in handy when you 're scrounging for change and do n't have enough for a tall  not that that has ever happened to me  . 2 . It 's a good thing we do n't have Jamba Juice here in Iowa , because I would be all over candy-based smoothies . Because it 's considered a health-food chain , Jamba Juice does n't officially list these on their in-store menus , but the Web site Mighty Foods assures us that the secret flavors exist . The ones they confirmed with the company 's headquarters include Strawberry Shortcake , White Gummy Bear , PB&J , Various flavors of Starbursts , Fruity Pebbles , Push-Up Pops , and Skittles . Other tantalizing flavors that are rumored to exist : Chocolate Gummi Bear , Apple Pie , Sourpatch Kid , Tootsie Roll , and Now and Later . 3 . This one might be my favorite . At Fatburger , you can order a Hypocrite -- a veggie burger topped with crispy strips of bacon . 4 . Chipotle has a whole secret menu that is limited only by your imagination -- they have a store policy that says that if they have the item available , they will make it for you . Things that have been tested include nachos , quesadillas , taco salads and single tacos . Some stores are testing out quesadillas as a regular menu item , however , so maybe someday soon you wo n't need a super-secret handshake to order one . Mental Floss : 7 food promotions gone horribly wrong 5 . If you 're at Wendy 's and you 're really hungry -- like , three-patties-just-won ` t-cut-it hungry -- go ahead and order the Grand Slam , which is four patties stacked on a bun . This option is only available at select Wendy 's , and it 's also known as the Meat Cube . 6 . Several places , including McDonald 's and In-N-Out , will serve you the Neapolitan milkshake . It 's just what it sounds like -- chocolate , vanilla and strawberry shakes layered in a cup . 7 . In-N-Out Burger 's "  secret menu " is n't so secret these days -- in fact , they 've posted it on their Web site . But in case you 're not in the habit of surfing fast food Web sites , here 's the skinny on their rather un-skinny items : ordering something "  Animal Style " at In-N-Out means you 're going to get it with lettuce , tomato , a mustard-cooked beef patty , pickles , extra spread  it 's sort of Thousand-Islandy  and grilled onions . You can even get your fries Animal Style . Mental Floss : Why is it called "  Thousand Island " dressing ? "  Protein Style " is a burger wrapped in a lettuce leaf instead of a bun . A Grilled Cheese is two slices of American cheese , lettuce , tomato and spread on a bun  grilled onions if you so choose  . And you can get just about any combo of meat and cheese that you want if you order it like you 're ordering lumber : 3 × 3 gets you three beef patties and three slices of cheese , 4 × 4 gets you four of each , and so on . According to photos posted at SuperSizedMeals.com , one gluttonous patron requested and received a 100x100 at a Las Vegas store a few years ago . One item not listed on the Web site secret menu : the Flying Dutchman , which is two slices of cheese sandwiched between two patties , hold the bun . 8 . Feeling a little health-conscious at Popeye 's ? If you are , you really should have gone somewhere else . But there 's a little hope for you -- ordering "  naked chicken " will get you breading-free poultry . The word is that this is on the menu at some Popeye 's , but not all of them , although it is an option at all of them . 9 . Like Chipotle , Taco Bell will make you just about anything within reason as long as they have the ingredients for it . Since most of the food at Taco Bell is made out of the same basic items , that means you can probably ask for most discontinued items and get them . One "  secret , " though , is that they have a not-advertised green chili sauce at most locations , and apparently it 's excellent . 10 . Some Subways will still make you the popular pizza sub from the 1990s . Once the chain decided to make their focus healthy eating , the pizza sub disappeared from the menu in most places  the word is that Canadian and Mexican Subways still offer them on a regular basis  . But if you ask , lots of places will still make it for you . Be warned , though -- Jared would not approve of the nine slices of pepperoni and copious amounts of cheese slathered in marinara sauce . Mental Floss : Brief history of dubious dieting For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some fast food outlets have not-on-menu items you can get if you ask for them Fatburger 's Hypocrite is bacon-topped veggie burger ; Popeye 's offers naked chicken Some Subways will still make the popular pizza sub from the 1990s Wendy 's offers the Meat Cube ; McDonald 's has a Neapolitan milkshake
Washington  CNN  -- Former Soviet spy Oleg Kalugin , who headed KGB operations in the United States in the 1970s and later left Russia to live in America , told CNN Tuesday he is "  amazed " that Moscow is engaging so heavily in espionage against Washington . Reacting to the recent arrests of 11 alleged Russian spies , Kalugin said that getting the type of information the FBI says the operatives collected "  does not require such a massive assault " against the United States . "  I am amazed , " he said . "  It reminds me of the worst years of the Cold War . " Kalugin also said he was "  amused " by reports of the arrests . "  It is a sign of the decadence of the Russian intelligence services , " he said . "  Why do they need to use so many people to get information that is openly available ? " iReport : The spies next door ? The Justice Department announced Monday that 10 people had been arrested in the United States on charges of being Russian spies on long-term missions in the U.S. . A Justice Department spokesman called the suspects "  trained Russian intelligence operatives . " An 11th suspect was arrested Tuesday in Cyprus , Cypriot police told CNN . The government 's complaints against the alleged operatives say their mission was "  to become sufficiently Americanized such that they can gather information about the United States for Russia , and can successfully recruit sources who are in , or able to infiltrate , United States policy-making circles . " Kalugin said that has been a mission for Soviet and Russian operatives for decades : to look for potential spies in the United States with the ultimate purpose of placing them in key government agencies like the State Department , Defense Department and the White House . Kalugin added that he was impressed by the "  efficiency " of the FBI , which apparently was able to keep the suspects under control for several years . He said FBI agents have not "  lost their focus " and noted that it is difficult to ferret out such spies . The former Soviet spy told CNN he did not believe that Russian President Dmitry Medvedev knew of the pending arrests during his visit to the White House last Thursday , but his impression was that President Barack Obama did know and it was reflected in a "  rather strained " visit with Medvedev . Kalugin said he now feels that "  something was brewing . " He also explained that he is not surprised that several of the suspects are listed as former Canadian citizens . He said Canada , with a large number of Russian and former Soviet émigrés , has been used for decades by Soviet intelligence as a "  jumping ground " to pick up people for possible espionage operations in the United States . The reports of alleged Russian espionage , Kalugin believes , "  will sober up some minds in the U.S. who believe that Russia is a totally different country . " Kalugin said former Russian president and now prime minister Vladimir Putin -- himself a former KGB agent -- has restored the role of the intelligence agency , now called the FSB , and its arm that deals with foreign intelligence , the SVR . "  Old habits have been restored , " he said . "  The United States used to be enemy No. 1 for the KGB , " he said . "  Now it is priority No. 1 . "	Oleg Kalugin headed KGB operations in the United States in the 1970s He later left Russia to live in America , Kalugin says he is "  amazed " at Moscow 's alleged heavy espionage in U.S. Kalugin : U.S. "  used to be enemy No. 1 for the KGB ... Now it is priority No. 1 "
CNN  -- Europe , struggling under a debt crisis which has crippled the eurozone 's economy , is facing a "  lost decade , " according to the head of manufacturing giant Hilti . Bo Risberg , chief executive of Lichtenstein-based Hilti , told CNN that Europe is in a critical condition and businesses are likely to face the impact for years to come . "  We will have a very difficult decade , a lost decade you can call it , " Risberg said . "  Fundamentally there is so much austerity needed in order to get back into a reasonable debt situation it will -LSB- continue to -RSB- impact the economy in Europe . There will be some tough times ahead . " Risberg -- head of a company which employs 20,000 people across 120 countries -- says Europe 's debt crisis can not be allowed to worsen . "  What we are seeing now in Greece is practically a default , with a 50 % write down -LSB- on its debts -RSB- , but we ca n't afford that in Italy , Spain and Portugal , " said Risberg . "  We are just transferring from the more prudent countries to the countries that have big loans -- so it wo n't work . " The European Central Bank , which has propped up struggling countries through the debt crisis by buying their debt in the open markets -- thus bringing down the cost of funding -- has come under pressure to do more to save Europe . But Risberg is wary about the ECB becoming more active . "  The answer is not to print money from the ECB , " he said . Such a move would be "  dangerous , " he added , saying the potential for hyperinflation would be catastrophic . Risberg said Europeans need to be accept the introduction of austerity measures , noting southern Europe 's economy will be "  in very bad shape " for years to come . "  Those who are agile and flexibility will come out stronger in the crisis -- those who are not will not survive , " he added . CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Hilti CEO says Europe faces a "  lost decade " as it struggles under its debt crisis Bo Risberg is wary of the ECB becoming more active in propping up eurozone economies He says Europe needs to accept austerity measures
CNN  -- Mark Webber and Red Bull judged their race strategy perfectly to pip Fernando Alonso to the checkered flag during an action packed British Grand Prix at Silverstone . The Australian maneuvered expertly through 52 immensely tactical laps to record his second victory of the season , though Ferrari 's Alonso did maintain his lead in the drivers ' championship . With the torrential rain that had affected the build up absent for the entire race , Webber hunted down Alonso in the closing stages as the Spaniard 's tires began to wear , eventually overtaking on lap 49 . Defending double world champion Sebastian Vettel , also of Red Bull , came third while Alonso 's Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa finished fourth . Silverstone support : Does home advantage help in F1 ? "  It was a very interesting race . Fernando Alonso had very good pace , " Webber told a press conference after his victory . "  We had the better strategy in the end . We never gave up , kept pushing and it did not work out in the end for Fernando . "  I 've had a few wins , but this one is taking a little bit to sink in . It did n't look like a spectacular race between us initially , but it was one -- pacing the stints on the tires , Fernando starting on the harder tire . "  After the first stint Fernando had I thought he was in good shape to close the win out . But it came our way and I am absolutely over the moon . "  I had a single opportunity to pounce and I was n't going to let that slip . Fernando , with the front-left tire , if you lose balance around this place , the speed is very high in that second sector and it 's very hard for the driver to do something . "  It was obvious he was pushing as hard as possible but the balance was n't with him . " It was Webber 's second win at Silverstone in three years and helped him cut Alonso 's lead at the top of the drivers ' standings to 13 points . Alonso has 129 to Webber 's 116 , with Vettel third on 100 points . Alonso said : "  It was very close today but at the end Mark was much quicker than us and deserved the victory . Now we are fighting for victories in the last three or four grands prix . "  I hope the fans enjoyed the show today . I 'm still leading the championship and that 's the main target for us , we lost seven points with Mark winning but we gained some more points on the rest of the field . " World champion Vettel added : "  Mark deserved to win . Thanks for all fans out there -- it 's been horrible weather for them , not just for us . But today the sun came out and British summer showed its best . " Starting on pole , Alonso protected his lead even after a pit stop on lap 16 but the hard tires on Lewis Hamilton 's McLaren car set up a tussle for first place on lap 19 . The lead changed hands several times as the former McLaren teammates battled round the circuit . Eventually , Alonso came out on top and Webber moved up to third when Hamilton pitted . The Spaniard was forced into his own stop for a set of compulsory soft tires as a furious round of strategic stops took place around lap 38 . And try as he might , Alonso could n't hold off Webber as his tires faded fast , allowing the Australian to make his decisive move three laps from home . There was also controversy further down the field as Sauber 's Sergio Perez blasted his Williams counterpart Pastor Maldonado for a crash that put the Mexican out of the race . Perez said of the Venezuelan : "  He does n't respect other drivers . I was already in front and he should have given space not to crash , but he tried to push me all the way . "  I do n't understand why he drives like that and I hope the stewards do something . It is not first time he has damaged my weekend . This guy will never learn if they do n't do something . He could hurt someone . Everybody has concerns about him . " Maldonado was later reprimanded and fined $ 12,000 by the sport 's governing body , the FIA , for the collision while Sauber driver Kamui Kobayashi from Japan was fined $ 30,000 for injuring three three mechanics during a pit-stop . The next race in the Formula One calendar is the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim on July 22 .	Australian Mark Webber wins the Formula One British Grand Prix for Red Bull Webber pips Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso to the checkered flag at Silverstone Defending double world champion Sebastian Vettel finishes race in third Alonso retains his lead at the top of the F1 drivers ' championship
CNN  -- The early-morning slaughter of four Florida siblings at the hands of what authorities say was their mother is an "  almost unheard of " case , crime experts said Wednesday . Investigators are still trying to determine what happened at the Port St. John home of 33-year-old Tonya Thomas early Tuesday morning . But Patricia Pearson , author of "  When She was Bad : How and Why Women Get Away with Murder , " said mass killings with women as a perpetrator are rare -- and when they do happen , they typically are n't committed with guns . "  If a gun was used , that 's almost unheard of , " Pearson told CNN . Women make up about 5 % of the ranks of mass killers , said James Alan Fox , a criminologist at Northeastern University . And most cases in which women kill their families involve young children , said Fox , the author of "  Extreme Killing : Understanding Serial and Mass Murder . " Sheriff 's deputies in Brevard County say Thomas turned a .38 - caliber revolver on herself after killing her two sons , 15-year-old Jaxs Johnson and 12-year-old Joel Johnson , and two daughters , 17-year-old Pebbles Johnson and 13-year-old Jazlin Johnson . The children went to a neighbor 's house when the shooting started , with at least one reporting being shot , according to recordings of 911 calls released by the sheriff 's department Tuesday -- but they returned while neighbors were on the phone with deputies , and more shots followed . "  The two kids were in the front yard , one banging on the front door , ` Help us ! Help us ! ' " a neighbor told dispatchers . "  There was so much confusion going on we could n't tell who shot who , and then when I was talking to you the one kid said his mom shot him . " "  I cried so much , " slain boy 's classmate says Investigators do n't know a motive for the killings , said Lt. Tod Goodyear , a spokesman for the Brevard County Sheriff 's Office . But he said neighbors have described a history of public arguments among Thomas and her children , and Jaxs Johnson was arrested after a pair of fights with his mother in April . The teen was charged with domestic violence after a pair of fights with his mother , according to records released by the sheriff 's office . In the first , on April 8 , he knocked out a window with his bicycle during a fight ; Thomas told deputies "  she is attempting to get him into different programs to help with his issues . " The following day , she said , her son punched and kicked her when she tried to wake him for school , then ran out of the house . She again called deputies , who arrested him on April 10 , Goodyear said . He spent at least two days in juvenile detention after the arrest and had a court date scheduled for Tuesday , Goodyear said . Thomas herself had been arrested on domestic violence charges in 2002 , after a fight with her former boyfriend , the children 's father , Goodyear said . Fox said the circumstances appear to be a case of "  suicide by proxy , " in which a family member takes the lives of her loved ones "  out of a warped sense of love " before killing herself . "  Typically , the perpetrator is suicidal , feels life is miserable and does n't want to go on , " Fox said . "  But why does she take her children ? Because she wished to be reunited them in the afterlife or wants to spare them the misery of this life . " Usually the victims in such cases are young children , however -- "  partly because young children are vulnerable , " he said . "  Older kids can run away . " And the reported circumstances are "  really unusual , " far different from typical cases involving either women or men . In an e-mail to CNN , Pearson said that in cases where women kill their children , "  They target them because that is their sphere of power , and also their source of stress . " But she added , "  I 've never seen a case where the children were this old , however . They 're almost always under 5 . "	Women make up only about 5 % of mass killers , a criminologist says Police say Tonya Thomas shot her four children , then killed herself early Tuesday 911 calls recount confusion over the shootings in Port St. John , Florida Neighbors have described a history of public arguments among Thomas and her children
CNN  -- About six years ago , the hottest name on a Web site set up by retiring Delta pilots was Marcus Schrenker . Michael Kinney , a Georgia dentist , says he was duped by financial manager Marcus Schrenker . "  We had this site so we could all talk to each other for advice on retirement options , company news and mainly what to do with our money , " said Joe Mazzone , 57 . The Auburn , Alabama , pilot was looking for the right person to invest the nest egg he and his wife had spent decades growing . "  Go with Marcus , that 's what I kept seeing . You could trust this guy . He was a pilot , and he understood us , " said Mazzone , who gave Schrenker several hundred thousand dollars . "  Talk about a regret . " Schrenker was found Tuesday night at a Florida campground with deep cuts to his wrists in an apparent suicide attempt . He had been on the run from federal authorities for three days . The 38-year-old Indiana financial adviser is accused of trying to fake his death Sunday by making a bogus call to air traffic controllers that the window on his six-seater plane , which he scheduled to fly from Indiana to Destin , Florida , had imploded and he was bleeding , police say . Schrenker had actually switched the plane to autopilot and parachuted out of the aircraft . The Piper PA-46 crashed in the swamps of Milton , Florida , not far from homes . No one on the ground was hurt . Schrenker has been charged with unlawful acts by a compensated adviser and unlawful transaction by an investment adviser . He could face more federal charges . He is being guarded at a Tallahassee , Florida , hospital , and the court has issued an arrest warrant and set bail at $ 4 million cash . It 's unclear if Schrenker has retained a lawyer . Watch how the case unfolded " In the months before the alleged stunt , the state of Indiana was investigating Schrenker on fraud allegations , and a Maryland court issued a $ 500,000 judgment against a company listed in his name . His wife had filed for divorce on December 30 . On Monday , a judge in Indiana froze Schrenker 's assets , as well as his wife 's assets , said Jim Gavin , a spokesman for the Indiana secretary of state . "  Marcus caused such difficulty in our family , so to look up and see his life , as bad as it apparently was , falling apart on national TV , well it was quite something , " said Elsie Reese , whose 85-year-old husband Thomas Reese is named in an Indiana state complaint alleging Schrenker defrauded them . "  He needs to take this time to come to grips with what 's he 's done , that he 's lied and cheated and been dishonest , " she said . "  I prayed for him this morning . " The Reese family and others heard about Schrenker through word-of-mouth among a small and trusted inner circle of commercial pilots . Those CNN spoke with used the same words to describe the money manager : Young , handsome , confident , smooth talking . A picture making media rounds this week shows Schrenker standing in front of a silver Mercedes . Next to him is his petite blonde wife . Schrenker appreciated the power of the first impression , investors say . "  His modus operandi is , he flies into your city dressed up in a thousand-dollar suit and sits down with you , buys you lunch , and the next thing you know , he has you on his side and you move your money to his Heritage Wealth Management , " Mazzone said . Schrenker kept his clients ' doubts and complaints at bay with gifts including free airplane trips and artwork , Mazzone said . Schrenker gave him two $ 1,000 aviation headsets , he said . "  He once offered to fly from Indiana to where I live in Alabama and pick me up to take me to Chicago to look at an airplane I was thinking about buying , " Mazzone said . "  I 'm thinking , ` Wow , this guy is willing to spend his time and all that money in fuel just to help me out ? ' " That kind of over-the-top gesture helped build Schrenker 's reputation in the late 1990s as the go-to guy among pilots who wanted to invest their savings , retired pilot Charles Kinney said . He met Schrenker in 1996 through another pilot and forged a friendship that lasted more than a decade . Around 2003 , Kinney suggested that his parents and his brother , Michael Kinney , a Georgia dentist , consider letting Schrenker manage their money . Schrenker told Kinney 's parents that their money was going to "  various insurance products " even though Kinney said it was never really clear what Schrenker meant . His parents handed over $ 2 million in assets . "  He said this is a safe place to put money , to avoid all the world 's dangers like terrorism and impending doom and gloom associated with it , " Kinney said . "  In that climate , back then , you bought it . You believed him that he would protect your money . " It would be easy for the average person to fall for Schrenker 's pitch , Michael Kinney said . "  Good talking , slick tongue , very intelligent sounding , " he said . "  Now , once you know what he 's talking about , then you know that a lot of what he says makes no sense . But if you do n't know what he 's talking about -- if you do n't know these products fairly well as I do now -- then boy , it sounds pretty good . "  I have never in my life seen anybody that could tell dishonest untruths that he told over and over again and expect you to believe him , " Michael Kinney said . "  I guess that 's one thing that caught me by surprise in my dealings with him . I 've never dealt with anybody with that level of dishonesty . " Charles Kinney feels deeply betrayed . "  To find that someone you would basically call a cousin is robbing you and lying to you blind ? It 's staggering , " he said . "  I have no sympathy for him . " The Kinneys , Reeses and Mazzones told CNN they suspected numerous times that Schrenker was n't being honest . They were suspicious when Schrenker told them they would receive only one statement a year describing returns . Charles Kinney and Joe Mazzone said Schrenker promised to send them contracts which they say they never received . "  I called him up every time I had a doubt , and he was able to give me a plausible explanation , " Kinney said . Although he often had nagging feelings that he should stop doing business with Schrenker , Mazzone ignored them . "  Marcus just had an explanation for everything , and so I just went with it , trusted him , " he said . The men said Schrenker assured them he was not making commissions on their investments and the pilots and their families would receive only one statement each year showing returns . "  Turns out he was making 12 to 18 percent commissions on $ 100,000 annuities , " Mazzone said . Eventually , the investors returned to where many of them first heard about Schrenker -- online . They began posting messages in a chat room asking if anyone else had been having trouble with the businessman . Soon , investors were sharing emails and documents with the group . "  It was pretty clear we 'd all had similar experiences , " said Charles Kinney . The group filed complaints in Georgia and Indiana about Schrenker in 2007 . "  This was a process of wading through a creek and slowly turning over rocks , " he said . "  And every time it 's a shock and a fabrication and a lie . " CNN 's Kathleen Johnston and Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	Retired pilots are among investors allegedly duped by businessman Marcus Schrenker was popular among retiring pilots , known for his smooth talk Investors said they long suspected that Schrenker was n't being honest with them
CNN  -- A federal judge sentenced Colton Harris-Moore , whom authorities dubbed the Barefoot Bandit , to six-and-a-half years in prison on Friday for an infamous string of thefts and burglaries . The federal sentence will run concurrently with his state imprisonment of seven years and three months imposed in December , the judge ruled . The 20-year-old gained notoriety -- including 50,000 Facebook fans and a movie deal -- while leading authorities on a two-year manhunt while eluding capture in stolen boats , cars and planes , often while barefoot , authorities said . He once left chalk outlines of bare footprints at one crime scene . Harris-Moore pleaded guilty last year to federal charges stealing an airplane , piloting it without a license , burglarizing a bank and possessing a firearm as a fugitive . He also pleaded guilty in December to 33 state charges related to residential burglaries , identity thefts , a firearm theft , a car theft , attempting to elude a police vehicle and other offenses , according to court documents . He was sentenced to seven years and three months in prison on those charges . Prosecutors recommended that Harris-Moore get 78 months in prison on the federal charges , according to court documents . Harris-Moore had asked for 70 months . As part of the federal plea deal , he agreed to give up any profits that may come from book or movie deals on his story . His attorney has said Harris-Moore wants any such money to go to victims . He is estimated to owe more than $ 1.4 million in restitution in the federal case . Under the Washington state plea arrangement , he would also have to give up any proceeds for restitution on the state offenses , court documents said . He was arrested in July 2010 after crashing a stolen plane in the Bahamas and then trying to escape in a stolen boat . He 'd been on the run from police since escaping from a Washington group home in 2008 . His attorney has said that his client hopes to go to college one day to study aviation or engineering . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham , Michael Martinez and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	The federal sentence will run concurrently with a state sentence of seven years Colton Harris-Moore also pleaded guilty to 33 state charges last year He eluded capture for 2 years in stolen planes and cars , often while barefoot
President Barack Obama said the effort that led to the release of two Americans held in North Korea did not involve "  high level policy discussions " or talks about the country 's nuclear program . "  We had an indication that there was a possibility of a release of these two hostages , prisoners , and we pursued it , " Obama said Monday in Beijing during his bilateral meeting with Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott . The president landed in China earlier in the day for Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation  APEC  meetings . Obama wades into foreign policy challenges on Asia trip Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller , the last two American citizens known to be held by North Korea , were released after James Clapper , U.S. director of national intelligence , went to Pyongyang , a senior administration official told CNN on Saturday . Clapper carried with him a letter from Obama addressed to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . Why now ? North Korea 's release of Bae , Miller raises questions In his comments Monday , Obama said the talks that involved the Americans ' release "  did not touch on some of the broader issues that have been the source of our primary concern when it comes to North Korea . " He said it 's a "  good news story " but argued there 's still a "  broader fundamental conflict " with North Korea over is nuclear capacity . Obama suggested that in addition to "  small gestures like the ones that we saw with the release of these individuals , " it will take "  a broader understanding " by North Korea that countries in the region consider their top priority to be the prevention of a nuclearized Korean peninsula . "  And up until this point at least we have not seen serious engagement on the part of Pyongyang to deal with that problem , " he said . South Korea fires warning shots at North Korean patrol	The president said "  high level policy discussions " were not involved in obtaining release of Americans . The two Americans were held by North Korea and returned over the weekend .
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran issued a warning to Israel on Wednesday , with a top military figure saying Iran will "  punish " any threat . "  The United States is fully aware that a military attack by the Zionist regime on Iran will not only cause tremendous damage to that regime , but it will also inflict serious damage to the U.S. , " said Gen. Hassan Firouzabadi , commander of the joint chiefs of staff , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . "  We , as the military , take every threat , however distant and improbable , as very real , and are fully prepared to use suitable equipment to punish any kind of mistake , " he added , according to a CNN translation of his remarks . Another semi-official Iranian news agency , ISNA , published a story in English quoting Firouzabadi as saying , "  The U.S. officials know that Zionist regime 's military attack against Iran will inflict heavy damages to the U.S. seriously as well as Zionist regime . " The Israeli Ministry of Defense said Wednesday that Israel "  carried out the test-firing of a rocket propulsion system from the Palmachim military base . This had been planned by the Defense Establishment a long time ago and was carried out as scheduled . " "  This is an impressive technological achievement and an important step in Israel 's advances in the realms of missiles and space , " said Defense Minister Ehud Barak . The comments from Iran and the Israeli missile test come as a very public debate is taking place in Israel about the possibility of a military strike on the Islamic republic . Last week , Israel 's largest newspaper , Yedioth Ahronoth , published a report that suggested Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Barak both supported a strike against Iran 's nuclear program . That story was followed up Wednesday by a report in the Israeli daily Haaretz that Netanyahu was lobbying members of his cabinet to support a military strike against Iran despite the various difficulties inherent in such an operation . The paper attributed the information to a senior Israeli official , but did not disclose identity of their source . Israeli and U.S. officials have expressed concerns that Iran is building nuclear weapons , despite Tehran 's insistence that its nuclear program is for peaceful energy purposes . The publication of the two reports in the Israeli media brought criticism from cabinet members . "  A public debate about this is nothing less than a scandal . I do n't think we 've ever had anything like it , " Dan Meridor , deputy prime minister and intelligence minister , told the Israeli newspaper Maariv . "  The public elected a government to make decisions about things like this in secret . The public 's right to know does not include the debate about classified matters like this . " Speaking to Israeli radio , Benny Begin , a minister without portfolio , called the public debate about Iran "  a crazy free-for-all " and criticized former Israeli intelligence officials for speaking too openly about government deliberations on Iran . The prime minister 's office would not comment on the newspaper reports and referred reporters to comments he made about Iran on Monday . "  Regional powers who have control in the Middle East will try to ensure they have greater influence on the new regimes -- influence that will not always support us or be of benefit to us , to say the least , " Netanyahu said to Israeli legislators during the opening session of the Knesset . "  One of these regional forces is Iran , which continues its efforts to obtain nuclear weapons . A nuclear Iran would pose a dire threat on the Middle East and on the entire world . And of course , it poses a grave , direct threat on us too ... We operate and will continue to operate intensely and determinately against those who threaten the security of the state of Israel and its citizens . " Shirzad Bozorgmehr reported from Iran ; Kevin Flower reported from Jerusalem .	Iranian military official : We will use "  suitable equipment " to punish any attack Israel test-fires a rocket propulsion system The events come amid speculation in Israel about possible military plans
EW.com  -- Sam Mendes is taking a page from J.J. Abrams 's book . No , the Oscar-winning director is n't learning to embrace the lens flare . Instead , he 's aping the way Abrams officially signed on to direct a high-profile franchise extension earlier this year â $ " despite denying his involvement in the project just months before . Danny Boyle says no to James Bond : ` I 'm not the right guy ' to direct The team behind James Bond 's 24th big-screen outing revealed today that Mendes will in fact direct their next film , the follow-up to his extraordinarily successful "  Skyfall . " The announcement comes four months after Mendes released a statement saying that he would not return for another Bond film , due to "  theater and other commitments " â $ " specifically , the director cited stage productions of "  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory " and "  King Lear . " Helen Mirren reminds Sam Mendes that women direct movies , too Thankfully for "  Skyfall " fans , those time conflicts seem to have been worked out . "  I am very pleased that by giving me the time I need to honor all my theater commitments , the producers have made it possible for me to direct Bond 24 , " Mendes said in a statement . "  I very much look forward to taking up the reins again , and to working with Daniel Craig , Michael G. Wilson and Barbara Broccoli for a second time . " The next Bond movie is set to be released Oct. 23 , 2015 in the U.K. and Nov. 6 , 2015 in the U.S. . It will once again star Daniel Craig as Britain 's top secret agent ; "  Skyfall " writer John Logan is returning to pen its script as well . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Despite saying he could n't do it , Sam Mendes is returning for Bond 24 The director previously said he could n't helm the project due to theater commitments However , he announced Thursday that the studio is giving him time to honor those jobs , too Bond 24 is expected to arrive in the U.S. November 6 , 2015
CNN  -- Dubai sent investors reeling Thursday after asking creditors to freeze the debt repayments of one of its biggest holding companies , Dubai World . The announcement came after the market close on the eve of the Eid holiday and Thanksgiving in the U.S. , leaving traders ' hands tied over their exposure to investments in the Emirate . Shares dropped in London and Europe as bankers struggled to gauge the implications of the debt freeze without additional guidance from Wall Street . With very little information being distributed from Dubai , the market has been left to question the motives of ruler Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum and the financial future of Dubai World and its huge portfolio . So what happened ? Late Wednesday , the government of Dubai issued a statement saying it had authorised the Dubai Financial Support Fund to "  spearhead the restructure of Dubai World with immediate effect . " The first step , it said , was to ask all providers of financing to Dubai World and Nakheel to "  standstill " its debt repayments until at least May 30 , 2010 . It added , to the market 's surprise , that the proceeds of a $ 5 billion bond issue raised hours earlier would n't be used to bail the company out . Odd timing was n't it ? Dubai 's decision to release its statement just before the Eid holiday in the Middle East , and on the eve of Thanksgiving in the U.S. , provoked consternation . "  Dubai have certainly picked their moment to finally own up to a need to restructure their debt . I would imagine the news has ruined a few Thanksgiving dinners today , " David Morrsion , a strategist at GFT told the Financial Times . Read CNN 's John Defterios ' take on the Dubai debt fears How did the markets react ? Banking stocks led equity markets lower in London and Europe as traders moved to distance themselves from a potential debt hole in the Middle East . Technical problems in London halted trade for some time , providing further frustration for traders with exposure to Dubai World 's lenders . What is Dubai World & Nakheel ? Described on its Web site as "  Dubai 's flag bearer in global investments , " Dubai World is a holding company with stakes in everything from ports to real estate and transport . It includes the world 's largest privately held real estate company Nakheel , which is the mastermind behind such architectural feats as the man-made residential islands , "  The Palm Islands " and "  The World . " Dubai World also invests in global markets through its investment arm Istithmar World , which boasts a "  global footprint " in finance , capital , leisure , aviation and other business ventures . How severe is the debt ? Dubai World is said to account for some $ 59 billion of Dubai 's $ 80 billion debt burden . Nakheel had been due to pay a $ 3.5 billion convertible loan which expires on December 14 . More debts were due to be repaid next year . "  This is not just a couple of billion story , " Turker Hamzaoglu , EMEA economist at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Research told CNN . "  For instance , Dubai has to service $ 10 billion including the Nakheel debt in December and $ 15 billion U.S. dollars by the end of 2010 , " he added . How much damage has the announcement done ? That 's incalculable at this stage . Markets in the Middle East and the U.S. do n't open until next week so the full impact wo n't be known until then . It also depends on Dubai 's next move . The surprise announcement has shaken confidence in the Emirate as a place to do business . "  The key here is the communication of this strategy . I guess everybody is on the same page regarding the need for consolidation in Dubai and for the region . But the only market-positive implication would be if this comes with a clearly open and a predictable way , " Hamzaoglu said . "  The problem is , here we have a lack of transparency and all these policy reactions are either coming at the last minute , or for example , the recent one just before the long holiday . " "  I think this is going to shake some investor confidence which may not be reversed as quickly as people expect . So they have to be careful , " he added . Who will bail them out ? Abu Dhabi has been a lucrative source of funding for its neighbor . The $ 5 billion bond issue was take up by UAE banks . The question now is whether it will continue to give its backing to its debt-laden neighbour . It may have the money to do so , but does it have the will ? What comes next ? Ideally , the market wants guidance as to Dubai 's debt strategy . It has said that the Dubai World debt freeze is the first stage of a restructuring plan . Investors want to know what comes next . Right now , the region is seen as a risky bet for nervous investors . Hamzaoglu says there are other options for those who want to back similar markets . "  From an investor perspective , if you want to still play for the global backdrop of oil prices , etc. there are some other markets , say Brazil or Russia , that investors can be interested in , rather than taking this high risk for the region , " he said .	Dubai stuns global investors by calling for a debt "  standstill " on Dubai World and Nakheel debts Market reactions restrained by public holidays in the Middle East and the U.S. Nakheel is Dubai World 's real estate arm , owns "  The Palm Islands , " and "  The World " Dubai World said to account for $ 59 billion of Dubia 's $ 80 billion debt
Hong Kong  CNN  -- For at least 10 minutes , it looked as if it could have been a fairytale night for the home side . Within only the first few minutes , Hong Kong 's league winner Kitchee found itself in the jarringly unfamiliar position of being a goal to the good against star-studded French football champion Paris Saint-Germain . Natural order reasserted itself shortly after , however , with PSG winger Hervin Ongenda scoring a well-taken goal as the crowd erupted . It was the first of six for the Ligue 1 side , including a hat-trick for star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic . As the wisdom of arduous preseason tours is being questioned in some quarters , especially as exhausted players return from the World Cup , PSG was in bullish form here in Hong Kong , and its growing popularity in evidence . Indeed , wading through the crowds before kickoff , it was almost impossible to tell which team held home advantage in Tuesday 's match , with PSG replica shirts -- mostly sporting the number 10 and Ibra 's name splayed across the back -- easily outnumbering any other sartorial choices . "  This is the first time I 've seen them live , " says Calvin Lee , a finance professional who wears his navy-blue PSG jersey over his white business shirt . "  I 've been a fan for around two years , ever since they started buying up international stars . " Regular trips The Asia preseason tour has become an annual ritual for many of Europe 's top teams , although this year many English high-flyers , having won over Asian fans through years of visits , are instead turning their attention to that other great untapped market , the United States . The popularity of English teams in Hong Kong , as in so many other Asian markets , far outstrips that of their European neighbors , even Champions League winner Real Madrid and fellow Spanish giant Barcelona , as well as German titleholder Bayern Munich . "  It 's exciting to see these matches live  in the stadium  , " says 16-year-old Mok Lui Ngai , who is wearing a PSG replica shirt with Beckham 's name on the back , a throwback to when the English superstar played half a season in the French capital . "  I 'd also come and watch if it was Arsenal or Manchester United , though . " It is through tours like PSG 's mini-excursion into Hong Kong , and onto China , that the marketing departments of these clubs hope to redress this balance . Playing catch-up "  We are quite lagging behind the English Premier League clubs and you need to catch this distance so I think it 's important to be here , even though it 's a long  way to  travel , " PSG 's executive vice-president of business operations Frederic Longuepee tells CNN . It 's not just the clubs that are targeting Asian fans as the financial future . The French league moved this season 's traditional opener , the French Super Cup , in Beijing , echoing the Italian FA 's decision to hold its version , the Supercoppa , abroad in recent years . It is the the first time the French curtain-raiser has gone to Asia . Previously , the trophy winners had met in Canada  2009  , the U.S.  2012  and Africa  2010/11/13  . These games , featuring the league and domestic cup winners , are a step up from preseason friendlies like PSG 's match against Kitchee . Saturday 's TrophÃ © e des Champions clash with cup-winning Guingamp presents an opportunity for PSG to cement the allegiance of soccer fans in the Chinese capital . Despite the travel time from France , and the relative lack of recuperation time that the players have had in this World Cup year , Longuepee says it makes "  perfect sense " to serve up an exhibition match in Hong Kong , en route to Beijing . "  Since the French Ligue 1 decided to come to Asia to play the French Super Cup it makes sense to come earlier , " he says . "  To come here and to meet with our partners and sponsors . " Tours criticized This year , there has been criticism of the demands of summer tours from other top managers , including English side Arsenal 's Arsene Wenger and new Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal . PSG 's head coach Laurent Blanc , however , argues that the commercial aspects of the club 's summer plans do not interfere with his players ' fitness , or their preparation for a grueling season ahead . "  It was always ... a good opportunity for the squad to come to Asia , especially Hong Kong , ahead of the Champions ' Trophy  Super Cup  in Beijing so it was all planned , there is no problem at at , " the 1998 World Cup winner told CNN . He also said that the team did n't need to stoop to scrapping for the allegiance of fans in Asia . "  Without any  arrogance  , PSG is one of the greatest football teams in Europe , so it 's already  a jewel  of the football world ... there 's nothing to pretend , nothing to compete . " Visiting fans While other top managers bemoan the travel time and physical demands that these tours put on their squads , PSG is a relative newcomer to the Asian market and welcomes the opportunity to meet potential devotees -- and convert some undecideds . "  It 's part of being a great football club , " says Longuepee . "  You have to come and see your fans , otherwise you can not expand and you can not compete . " He added that there were further plans to travel to the Middle East , home of the club 's wealthy Qatar backers , in the French season 's winter break , a time traditionally reserved for teams to recuperate . And with a 6-2 scoreline to take to Beijing for next week 's French Cup , and a host of potential fans who will be increasingly likely to tune into PSG 's French and Champions ' League games next season , overseas detours like this are n't going away any time soon .	French Ligue 1 champion beats Hong Kong 's Kitchee 6-2 in a friendly in the Asian city Overseas tours -- especially to Asia -- are part of the landscape of modern football This year 's French Super Cup , the traditional season-opener , was moved to Beijing
CNN  And breathe . Real Madrid squeezed through to the quarterfinals of the European Champions League -- but only just . The 10-time-winner escaped a humiliating exit from the tournament after going down 4-3 at home to German side Schalke allowing it to sneak through 5-4 on aggregate . Had it not been for Cristiano Ronaldo , who scored twice to ensure his place as the record goalscorer in European football competitions , then it could have been far more embarrassing . As it was , Real 's players were met with the waving of handkerchiefs and whistles on an evening which threatened to spiral from disaster into ignominy . Real 's malaise has been well documented but this latest chapter , where it was hugely fortunate to escape with its hands still on the trophy , offered yet more questions than answers . Carlo Ancelotti 's team have endured a difficult few weeks , but if his players had arrived at the Bernabeu hoping to silence the sniping critics then they failed miserably . This was a dire display from one of the most expensively assembled teams on the planet , who but for arguably the world 's greatest player , would have succumbed to one of the most embarrassing defeats in the club 's illustrious history . Make no bones about it - Real was rumbled . Schalke , produced a fine performance , full of courage , energy and a zest which their opponent could scarcely match . Had it not been for one player on the opposing side then perhaps this would have been one of the most famous nights in Schalke 's history . Unfortunately , that one player was Ronaldo . As lethargic and lackadaisical as Real was throughout the contest , Ronaldo 's two goals , both headers , ensured its place in the next round . Nobody has scored more goals than Ronaldo in European club football -- his 77th and 78th taking him to the top of the chart ahead of his nemesis , Lionel Messi . His latest efforts may not have been the most spectacular , but they were so very precious given the nature of the tie . Leading 2-0 from the first leg in Gelsenkirchen , Real was firm favorite to progress . No team in the history of the competition had lost the first leg 2-0 at home and managed to progress -- and Schalke appeared unlikely to alter that statistic . Coached by Roberto di Matteo , who led Chelsea to Champions League glory in 2012 , Schalke arrived hoping to give a good account of themselves , according to the Italian . Fifth in the German league , this was hardly a team which was supposed to send Madrid into a meltdown -- and yet that 's what came to fruition . But , given the recent form of the Carlo Ancelotti 's side , perhaps this was not so unexpected . Last weekend 's league defeat at Athletic Bilbao brought about a new wave of criticism for Ancelotti . Toppled from the summit by arch rival Barcelona , Real has struggled in recent weeks for consistency by its own high standards . Its astounding 22-game winning streak was curtailed by Valencia on January 4 and the style and swagger which was so evident during that run soon fell away . A 4-0 defeat by champion and city rival Atletico in February was difficult to stomach as was the defeat in the Basque country to Bilbao -- but Real 's problems stretch beyond results . Real began slowly , in fact , slowly would have been an improvement on what was quite a dreadful opening period . Those in white shirts appeared to be running in slow motion as Schalke took the contest to its opponent with a zest and spirit which Real could not match . Having already fired several warning shots , Schalke finally made the breakthrough its energy and enterprise deserved when Christian Fuchs fired home after good work by Klaas-Jan Huntelaar . Real , abject in the extreme , appeared bereft of ideas , short on confidence and as if those on the field had merely stumbled upon the stadium 's turf without actually meeting one another . Fortunately , in Ronaldo , Real has a man who has power beyond those of his fellow mortals . Schalke 's lead lasted just five minutes -- Ronaldo finding both time and space inside the penalty area before heading home from close range . That strike , his 40th of the season , should have settled the home side down . Yet , what followed , was another example of Real 's fragility . First , Huntelaar , once a Real player , pounced upon Raphael Varane 's dreadful backpass only for his effort to lack the necessary power . Soon after , the Dutchman struck the crossbar with a fine volley from 25-yards which left Iker Casillas , the Real goalkeeper , clutching at thin air . Schalke sensed its opportunity and with four minutes of the first half it finally struck when Max Meyer , the 19-year-old , fired home after Casillas had fumbled Huntelaar 's effort . Real was reeling -- and yet it was Ronaldo once again who got it out of trouble . Fabio Coentrao , the left-back , produced a fine cross and Ronaldo eased away from his marker to head his second of the game . That should have been that for Schalke , at least Real might have felt that way when Karim Benzema put his side ahead for the first time on the night . The Frenchman danced his way through the defense before coolly netting Real 's third of the evening with eight minutes of the second period played . While Real continued to threaten in attack , its defense remained suspect . Leroy Sane , just 19 years of age , was the next beneficiary of the home side 's reluctance to put pressure on the ball . The midfielder was allowed both time and space to take aim and curl a quite sumptuous effort into the far corner past the watching Casillas . Real , unbeaten at home in the Champions League since April 2011 , remained vulnerable , particularly at the heart of the midfield . It was one of those midfielders , Luka Modric , back from injury , whose mistake gave Huntelaar the opportunity to set up a pulsating finish . Modric 's loose pass allowed the forward to take the ball in his stride before unleashing an unstoppable effort which crashed in off the underside of the crossbar . As the whistles rang out , those in blue poured forward with the impressive Sane forcing Casillas into a fine stop as the visitors edged closer and closer to an all important fifth goal . With the clock ticking down , Schalke threw everyone forward in search of a dramatic winner -- but when the ball broke to Benedikt Howedes , the defender could only fire his shot straight at Casillas . The referee 's whistle brought relief , though the howls of derision from the home supporters gave the players an idea of their recent failings . "  Getting through to the next round is very important for us , sometimes you have to suffer and this will make us stronger , " said Modric . "  We have to get back to playing the way we were at the start of the season , we have a lot of quality and I think that we 're going to see a much better Real Madrid in the next game . " Porto power through In the night 's other game , Porto trounced Swiss side FC Basel 4-0 to secure a 5-1 aggregate victory . Porto , winners in 2004 under Jose Mourinho , eased home courtesy of goals from Yacine Brahimi , Hector Herrera , Casemiro and Vincent Aboubakar . "  You have to applaud the entire team for this fantastic performance against a very difficult opponent who came here determined to qualify , " Julen Lopetegui , the Porto coach , told reporters . "  We deserve to be in the Champions League quarterfinals even if we came through qualifying . "  I am very happy and very proud of my players who showed a lot of character . "	Real Madrid qualifies for the quarterfinals of European Champions League Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice in 4-3 defeat by Schalke Real wins 5-4 on aggregate following 2-0 first leg success Porto through to last eight following victory over Basel
CNN  -- CNN 's 20 most-viewed stories online during 2009 ranged from obituaries to reports on plane crashes and crimes . They included the stories of a runaway balloon in Colorado and a celebrity athlete accused of having multiple affairs . Here they are -- starting with the most popular . 1 . 6-year-old Colorado boy found alive in attic after balloon lands October 15 : After scouring northern Colorado by foot and air , frantically chasing a Mylar balloon for miles , and repeatedly interviewing his big brother , authorities end a search for 6-year-old Falcon Heene where it began -- at his house . 2 . Michael Jackson dead at 50 after cardiac arrest June 25 : Michael Jackson dies after being taken to a hospital having suffered cardiac arrest , according to the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office . 3 . Air France : Missing plane probably crashed into Atlantic June 1 : A jet carrying 228 people from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , that disappeared overnight in an area of strong turbulence probably crashed into the Atlantic Ocean , the CEO of Air France says . 4 . Sheriff : Kidnap victim , children kept in backyard compound August 28 : A California woman snatched from the street in front of her house in 1991 at age 11 had two children with the man accused of taking her and was forced , along with the children , to live in backyard sheds , police say . 5 . Officials : Fort Hood shootings suspect alive ; 12 dead November 5 : A soldier suspected of fatally shooting 12 and wounding 31 at Fort Hood in Texas is not dead as previously reported by the military , the base 's commander says . 6 . Goodbye Michael Jackson : Star , brother , friend , father July 7 : An 11-year-old girl who lost her father makes the world cry with her . "  Ever since I was born , Daddy has been the best father you could ever imagine , " says Paris Katherine Jackson , the second of Michael Jackson 's three children , as a massive memorial service for her father nears its end in downtown Los Angeles . "  And I just want to say that I love him so much , " Paris adds , before breaking down in tears and burying herself in the arms of her aunt , Janet Jackson . 7 . Airplane crash-lands into Hudson River ; all aboard reported safe January 15 : A US Airways plane with 155 people on board ditches into a chilly Hudson River , apparently after striking at least one bird upon takeoff from New York 's LaGuardia Airport , according to officials and passengers . Everyone on board is accounted for and alive , officials say . 8 . U.S. celebrates as President Obama vows new era January 20 : Barack Obama launches his presidency before an estimated 1.5 million people on the National Mall with somber yet confident tones , saying the country will overcome its serious economic and international challenges . "  Today I say to you that the challenges we face are real , " Obama says in his inaugural address . "  They are serious , and they are many . They will not be met easily or in a short span of time . But know this , America : They will be met . " 9 . Police : As many as 20 present at gang rape outside school dance October 27 : Investigators say as many as 20 people were involved in or stood and watched the gang rape of a 15-year-old girl outside a California high school homecoming dance . 10 . Actor David Carradine found dead June 4 : American actor David Carradine is found dead , hanging by a nylon rope in a hotel room closet in Bangkok , Thailand , according to a Thai police official . Carradine became famous in the 1970s when he starred in the television series "  Kung Fu . " 11 . No survivors found in wreckage of Air France jet , official says June 2 : Debris located in the Atlantic Ocean off the northeast coast of Brazil is wreckage from an Air France jet that disappeared , Brazil 's Defense Minister Nelson Jobim says . 12 . Actors ' son Jett Travolta dies at 16 January 2 : The 16-year-old son of actors John Travolta and Kelly Preston dies after suffering a seizure while vacationing with his family in the Bahamas , Travolta 's attorney tells CNN . 13 . Authorities : ` Balloon boy ' incident was a hoax October 18 : Three days after the world watched a giant balloon fly through the air as a tearful family expressed fears that their 6-year-old boy could be inside , authorities announce what millions suspected : The whole thing was staged . 14 . Police : Gym shooter ` had a lot of hatred ' for women , society August 5 : A Pennsylvania man who walked into a gym aerobics class and opened fire , killing three women and wounding nine before turning the gun on himself , "  had a lot of hatred in him , " police say . 15 . Tiger Woods injured in minor car accident November 27 : Florida highway patrol troopers plan to talk to pro golfer Tiger Woods to get more information about his car crash near his home , a spokeswoman says . Woods was treated and released from a hospital after suffering minor injuries in a car accident in his central Florida neighborhood . 16 . Tiger Woods ' mother-in-law home from hospital December 8 : Tiger Woods ' mother-in-law , Barbro Holmberg , is released from a hospital in "  good condition , " hours after she was admitted , a hospital spokesman says . 17 . Air France jet may have broken up in ocean , not sky , official says June 3 : A 12-mile oil slick near where an Air France jet crashed into the Atlantic indicates the plane likely did n't break up until it hit the water , Brazil 's defense minister says . 18 . Brazilian air force says debris was not from Air France crash June 4 : The Brazilian air force says debris picked up near where officials believe Air France Flight 447 crashed into the Atlantic Ocean was not from the plane . 19 . Fiance of Brazilian model : ` Where there is a heartbeat , there 's hope ' January 23 : The fiance of a top Brazilian model -- whose hands and feet were amputated in a bid to save her from a deadly and little-known illness -- says he believes she will wake up from a coma , noting , "  where there is a heartbeat , there is hope . " 20 . Search for answers begins in Buffalo plane crash February 13 : The pilots of a commuter airliner that crashed about 6 miles from a Buffalo , New York , airport discussed "  significant ice buildup " on the plane 's wings and windshields before the plane plunged to the ground , killing 50 .	Stories include air emergencies , celebrity deaths , a solved missing persons mystery Story with most views was October 's balloon incident involving a Colorado family Michael Jackson 's death and memorial both garnered high viewer interest Viewers also paid much attention to Air France Flight 447 , which crashed off Brazil in June
CNN  -- Hilton Botha , the former lead detective in the Oscar Pistorius murder case , cited "  private reasons " for resigning from the police force , South African Police spokesman Brig. Neville Malila said Thursday . Botha was pulled from the Pistorius case last month after prosecutors reinstated attempted murder charges against him in a 2011 case . The 22-year South African Police veteran is accused of chasing and firing on a minibus full of people while drunk . He is charged with seven counts of attempted murder . Opinion : Not everyone surprised at Oscar Pistorius ' fall from grace Pistorius , the 26-year-old double amputee track star , is accused in the killing of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , 29 , last month . Botha , the first officer on the scene of the Valentine 's Day shooting , handed in his resignation Wednesday , Malila said . "  We are not going into the reasons , " Malila said . "  He has indicated to us it is for private reasons . " His removal from the high-profile murder case came just days after his testimony at a bail hearing for Pistorius that included admissions that police could have contaminated the crime scene and failed to properly catalog evidence . The sprinter said in an affidavit that he thought an intruder was hiding in a toilet room inside the bathroom of his Pretoria home . He fired into the room in a fit of terror before realizing the person inside was Steenkamp , Pistorius said . During the three-day bail hearing , held in a dark , stuffy Pretoria courtroom , defense attorney Barry Roux hammered away at the credibility of Botha and the entire police investigation . Opinion : Pistorius case brings South Africa gun culture to spotlight He argued that police had missed a bullet in the toilet of the bathroom where Steenkamp was shot and may have contaminated the crime scene by failing to wear protective foot covers . Botha told Roux that investigators did n't wear the booties because they 'd run out . Bulelwa Makeke , the spokeswoman for South Africa 's National Prosecuting Authority , said before the announcement of Botha 's removal that the accusations against the investigator would be little more than a "  speed bump " in the Pistorius case . The attempted murder charges against Botha had previously been withdrawn for additional investigation , but prosecutors decided last month to proceed , South African Police Service Commissioner Riah Phiyega said . Phiyega praised Botha , saying he is an experienced investigator who "  has presented the case of the police well . " Botha was replaced by the department 's most senior detective , Vinesh Moonoo , in a move Phiyega said positioned the department for a "  long-haul " investigation of Steenkamp 's killing . Uncle : Victim 's family wo n't attend Oscar Pistorius ' trial	Hilton Botha was pulled from the Pistorius murder case last month Prosecutors reinstated attempted murder charges against Botha in a 2011 case Botha was the first detective on the scene of Reeva Steenkamp 's shooting death Sprinter Oscar Pistorius is accused in the killing of his girlfriend
CNN  -- It 's hard to believe it 's been more than a year since I stood before the audience at one of my favorite forums , TED . But a year later , our vision for an oil-free world where electric cars are more convenient and affordable than gasoline-powered cars remains the same . It 's been a turbulent year for the global economy , and the events of recent weeks only underscore the urgency of our situation as a society and as a planet . We see firsthand the severe damage oil can inflict , not only on our global economy but also on our environment . Just look at the tragedy unfolding in the Gulf of Mexico . We will soon see the damage of this horrific event in very human terms , as the damage to the industry , the environment and the livelihood of those in the Gulf grows and all struggle to recover in the coming months and years . My hope is that we will soon get to a point where we see that the cost of oil in human capital is no longer acceptable and that the increasing complexity of finding and retrieving this diminishing resource no longer makes economic sense . The good news is we are already seeing a shift that will ultimately take us from a transportation system based on a volatile oil ecosystem to one based on a more sustainable model using electric cars that creates a market for clean energy . The shift to electrification is inevitable , and we 're seeing some of the world 's leading countries make strong commitments to electrification . China , France , Japan and Israel are just a few . Motivations vary from country to country , but the end result will be the same : a stronger economy , healthier automotive sector and increased development of clean energy , leading to a healthier society . We will see new countries emerge to lead the way , and we will see former powerhouses who fail to act , left behind in this new sustainable global economy . While governments have the ability to accelerate the shift , the question remains how quickly we can get there . My start-up , Better Place , has made great progress in the past 12 months , and we 're moving forward in all of our committed markets . We began the year by raising $ 350 million in a financing round led by HSBC , and we continue to drive toward a full system test in Israel later this year , followed by our commercial launches in Israel and Denmark in late 2011 . On April 26 of this year , we launched the first switchable-battery electric taxi project in Tokyo . With the support of the Japanese government , we 've partnered with Nihon Kotsu , Tokyo 's largest taxi operator , to show what 's possible in a rigorous environment with cars that drive almost continuously . Tokyo has much to gain from this : The city 's 60,000 taxis may only represent 2 percent of all cars in the city , but they are responsible for 20 percent of emissions . If the switch works for taxis , imagine how it can work for average drivers . Just two days before our Tokyo launch , Better Place signed a memorandum of understanding with Chery Automobile Co. , China 's largest independent auto producer and exporter . You ca n't talk about the future without considering China : They get it , they 'll do it , and it 's that simple . Today , only 2 percent of China 's population owns a car , but 80 percent of sales last year came from first-time car buyers , presenting a huge opportunity to get it right . The Chinese recognize EVs as a solution to the problem of the oil monopoly and its associated pollution , as well as an opportunity to leapfrog internal combustion engine technology and the rest of the auto industry . In fact , recent research from HSBC predicts that China 's share of the global EV market will grow from 2.7 percent this year to 35 percent by 2020 . In late 2011 , we 're planning countrywide rollouts of the Better Place model in Israel and Denmark . With the infrastructure deployment under way , both of these countries will be ready when the first EVs from Renault come to market . We are talking about mass market with these cars -- as Better Place and Renault have committed to 100,000 electric cars for Israel and Denmark beginning in 2011 . This is just the beginning , and we 're seeing clear direction and new visionaries emerge such as Carlos Ghosn , CEO of Renault Nissan , who sees a future where EVs are mass marketed and make up 10 percent of all car sales by 2020 . Call it a revolution or an evolution , but this shift is happening today . While we still face a number of challenges , over the past 12 months , we 've seen a new willingness from the global auto industry to change . Two years ago , most automakers considered electric cars a niche market , but today , we see almost every automaker in the world producing electric vehicles . As the benefits of a more sustainable transportation model are realized , we will very quickly see a dramatic change in the global economy , the health of the car industry and , most importantly , in the air we breathe . All of this points the way to a bigger , brighter future . It 's simply up to us to make it happen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shai Agassi .	Shai Agassi says Gulf spill makes it ever more obvious oil costs too high for powering cars He says countries like Japan , China , Israel committing to some electric cars For example , his company has electric taxi project in Japan to show what 's possible , he says He says as countries realize benefits to global economy , more will adopt electric car technology
CNN  -- A federal judge threw out Lance Armstrong 's lawsuit against the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency with great force and speed Monday , blasting the seven-time Tour de France champion in a sharply worded ruling . Armstrong filed the case Monday morning in his hometown of Austin , Texas , in a bid to halt a doping case against him . In his brief order , U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks wrote that the case was full of legally irrelevant claims "  included solely to increase media coverage of this case " and stir up hostility toward the USADA . "  This court is not inclined to indulge Armstrong 's desire for publicity , self-aggrandizement , or vilification of defendants , by sifting through 80 mostly unnecessary pages in search of the few kernels of factual material relevant to his claims , " Sparks wrote . He urged the cyclist to re-file his lawsuit without "  any improper argument , rhetoric , or irrelevant material . " "  Contrary to Armstrong 's apparent belief , pleadings filed in the United States District Courts are not press releases , internet blogs or pieces of investigative journalism , " the judge added in a footnote . "  All parties , and their lawyers , are expected to comply with the rules of this court , and face potential sanctions if they do not . " French Tour de France cyclist arrested In a statement issued late Monday , Armstrong lawyer Tim Herman said he would "  conform my conduct precisely " to the judge 's order . "  When Judge Sparks speaks , I listen , " Herman said . "  It does n't change the legal issues involved or any of the relief that we seek . " Mark Fabiani , another Armstrong attorney , said the suit could be re-filed as early as Tuesday . The USADA has accused Armstrong of using performance-enhancing drugs . The 40-year-old cyclist , who is now competing in triathlons , had asked the court to file an injunction against the USADA by Saturday , the agency 's deadline for Armstrong to either contest the charges or accept sanctions . Armstrong maintains he has never tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs and said the USADA and its CEO , Travis Tygart , are out to get a "  big fish " to justify the agency 's existence . "  Defendants have charged Mr. Armstrong with unspecified doping violations and seek to try him through USADA 's self-created , self-regulated and self-operated process that it has rigged to ensure that it can not lose , " the lawsuit says . "  USADA 's kangaroo court proceeding would violate due process even if USADA had jurisdiction to pursue its charges against Mr. Armstrong . " In June , the agency announced that it was opening proceedings against Armstrong and five former teammates . In a statement issued in response to the lawsuit , Tygart said the agency "  was built by athletes on the principles of fairness and integrity . " "  Like previous lawsuits aimed at concealing the truth , this lawsuit is without merit and we are confident the courts will continue to uphold the established rules , which provide full constitutional due process and are designed to protect the rights of clean athletes and the integrity of sport , " he said . The 40-year-old Armstrong has said the Union Cycliste Internationale , the international governing body of cycling , is the "  only organization permitted to assess the evidence . " He said he has taken at least 500 drug tests in his cycling career without failing one . Why fans should n't forgive Armstrong Armstrong faces a lifetime ban and could be stripped of his Tour de France victories if found guilty by the USADA . Armstrong won the Tour each year from 1999 to 2005 , most of those for a team sponsored by the U.S. Postal Service . He retired twice from cycling , -- first in 2005 , for four years , and again in 2011 . The USADA is a quasi-government agency recognized as the official anti-doping agency for Olympic , Pan American and Paralympic events in the United States . In a June letter to Armstrong , a copy of which was obtained by CNN , the agency said it collected blood samples from Armstrong in 2009 and 2010 that were "  fully consistent with blood manipulation including EPO use and/or blood transfusions . " EPO , or erythropoietin , boosts the number of red blood cells , which carry oxygen to the muscles . The letter accused Armstrong and five former cycling team associates engaged in a doping conspiracy from 1998 to 2011 . If there is a hearing , riders will testify that Armstrong used EPO , blood transfusions , testosterone and masking agents , and that he distributed and administered drugs to other cyclists from 1998 to 2005 , according to the letter . Armstrong has been dogged by allegations of drug abuse in recent years , with compatriot Floyd Landis -- who was found guilty of doping in the 2006 Tour de France , resulting in him being stripped of the title -- making a series of claims last year . Armstrong came out fighting in May 2011 , in the face of fresh allegations made on the CBS News ' "  60 Minutes " show by another American , Tyler Hamilton . In the CBS interview , Hamilton , who retired in 2009 after twice testing positive himself , says he first saw Armstrong use EPO in 1999 . "  I saw it in his refrigerator , " Hamilton told the news program . "  I saw him inject it more than one time like we all did , like I did many , many times . " In February , Justice Department prosecutors said they closed a criminal investigation after reviewing allegations against Armstrong . They had called witnesses to a federal grand jury in Los Angeles , but they apparently determined they lacked evidence to bring a charge that Armstrong used performance-enhancing drugs . Armstrong has won two half-distance Ironman events this year , and he is suspended from World Triathlon Corporation competitions . The world championships will be held in October in Hawaii . He was a U.S. triathlon champion as a teenager . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	"  When Judge Sparks speaks , I listen , " Armstrong lawyer says Court filings "  are not press releases , " a judge scolds Armstrong The seven-time Tour de France winner faces doping charges Armstrong says the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency is out to justify its existence by pursuing him
CNN  -- The man touted as the next savior of Australian swimming has arrived . Just do n't ask him how much he knows about , well , swimming . Sailing legend John Bertrand has been named as the new president of Swimming Australia , tasked with the mighty mission of turning around a team criticized for its "  toxic " behavior during a woeful Olympic performance in London last year . While 66-year-old Bertrand has no direct experience with professional swimming , he does know a thing or two about breaking sporting droughts . This , afterall , is the man who skippered "  Australia II " to victory in the 1983 America 's Cup -- the first foreign team to beat the U.S. in the 132-year history of the race . He became a national hero , with the victory recognized by the Confederation of Australian Sport as the "  greatest performance in 200 years of Australian sport . " "  I 've had an association with high performance sport and high performance teams for more than 40 years and this appointment is one of the highlights of my career , " Bertrand said in a statement on Friday . "  Swimming has a proud history in this country and a reputation for hard work , humility and success . This tradition needs to continue and be a clear focus for all athletes and coaches as we head towards Rio in 2016 . " Bertrand replaces Barclay Nettlefold , who resigned in June amid claims of inappropriate comments to a female staff member . He had held the position since October last year . His departure followed a string of controversies for Swimming Australia which is trying to rebuild both its team and its image after its worst Olympic performance in the pool in 20 years . It was the first time Australia -- a nation renowned for its prowess in the pool -- had failed to win more than one swimming gold medal since 1992 . An independent report pointed to a lack of leadership at the top and unacceptable behavior from athletes . "  Standards , discipline and accountabilities for the swim team at the London Olympics were too loose , " the report said , having canvassed 94 individuals and received 30 submissions . "  There were enough culturally toxic incidents across enough team members that breached agreements  such as getting drunk , misuse of prescription drugs , breaching curfews , deceit , bullying  to warrant a strong , collective leadership response that included coaches , staff and the swimmers . No such collective action was taken . " It was a different story for the country 's sailing team which emerged from London 2012 as the nation 's best-performing sport with two gold medals and a silver . Bertrand -- himself a dual Olympian and bronze medalist at the 1976 Montreal Games -- served as the sailing team 's chairman of selectors at the London and Beijing Games . Acting chair of Swimming Australia , Clem Doherty , also pointed to Bertrand 's business credentials , saying : "  He brings a unique mix of corporate expertise , government relations , sporting prowess and leadership of high performance teams and will be a valuable asset to the sport . " One year on from the Games , there have been signs of improvement for Swimming Australia , with the team finishing sixth at the World Championships in Barcelona earlier this month . Now all eyes will be on Bertrand to see if he can finally return Australian swimming to the top of the medal podium .	Sailing legend John Bertrand new President of Swimming Australia The Olympic champion is better known for delivering 1983 America 's Cup win Tasked with rebuilding a team devastated by woeful performance at London 2012 Replaces Barclay Nettlefold who resigned in June amid claims of inappropriate behavior
CNN  This week , social media heralded as #motheroftheyear Toya Graham , the Baltimore single mom who pulled her son , who was holding a brick , away from the scene of a riot . A video of Graham yanking young Michael from a group of protesters -- and subsequently pummeling him with her fists and a few slaps upside the head -- went viral . Many called her a hero : a mother determined to stop the cycle of violence . And yet , was n't she also promoting violence ? Her own reaction , after all , was to yell , curse and hit . "  Why is America celebrating the beating of a black child ? " asked a writer at The Washington Post . Is n't violence at home what leads to violence outside the home ? Is n't this why rioting happens ? I 'm not excusing violence in any form . I wish it did n't exist . But Baltimore is n't on fire because of mothers like Graham . In fact , what we need , not only in communities like Baltimore but also in communities around the country , are more mothers like her . Mothers who will do whatever it takes to protect their children and steer them through the increasingly tricky course of adolescence . I do n't see Graham as an abusive mother spreading the gospel , or at least the inevitability , of violence . I do n't see her as a hero , either . What I do see in Graham is a woman who is just like millions of other mothers of adolescents , mothers whose daily struggle is focused on guiding their kids in a positive direction while also helping them develop their own identities and independence . Mothers who know the anger and frustration that can result when they catch their teenager in a lie . As Graham told Anderson Cooper , she 'd told Michael the night before not to join in any riots . He swore he would n't . But her momma bear sense kicked in , and when she heard that school was closing early , she did n't take the chance that he 'd stick to his promise . She went to the site of the riots to make sure that she could help him stay the course . She went there so that she could help him keep his promise . And when she got there and saw he had n't , as she suspected , she reacted in the way that she knew would , in that moment , be most effective to get him out of there . And that 's the key here . It 's easy to punish a teenager for acting out , just as it 's easy to punish Graham for taking out her frustrations on Michael in a physical way . But Graham 's actions are evidence of her commitment as a parent . For better or worse , she knows her son . And she knows her community , and her reality . She knows that she 's the mother of an adolescent boy living in a city caught up in a very heated , violent moment . And she will do anything to protect her son , including put herself in a dangerous situation to pull him out of there . Can we all say that ? Toya Graham raises an important point that 's often missing in the discussions of how to curb violence : Moms have power . The world needs more momma bear types -- mothers who might be willing to put themselves between their child and certain danger . Mothers who are willing to defy the "  expert " advice telling them that teenagers need the room to make mistakes ; that hovering or even trying to anticipate their misbehavior only stunts their development and leads to more misbehavior . Now more than ever , there are exceptions to that rule . Those of us who live in communities that are generally safe ca n't imagine the level of fear and frustration that must run through the very core of a mother like Graham . We do n't all face the same obstacles as the people who live in places like Baltimore . But we all face the same challenges in raising children . Perhaps it 's time to recognize that , at least in that sense , we 're more alike than we are different .	Peggy Drexler : Video of Toya Graham hitting son as she drags him from protests has raised questions . Was she a hero ? Abusive ? Neither , she says ; she was a mom trying to steer her adolescent in a heated city conflict , and more moms need this kind of commitment
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- An American doctor was killed when gunmen on motorcycles riddled his body with bullets while he was visiting a graveyard in Pakistan , authorities said . Dr. Mehdi Ali Qamar was a cardiologist and resident of Fairfield , Ohio . He arrived in Rabwah town in Punjab three days ago to provide free medical care to heart patients . The doctor was visiting a local graveyard at sunrise Monday when two waiting gunmen shot him and took off , according to Azhar Abbas , a local police official . The motive of the killing is unclear . Qamar died instantly , and pictures of his bloodied body have gone viral on social media . The doctor , who 's also a poet and an artist , was visiting the graveyard with his wife and 3-year-old son when the shooting took place . Qamar is a Pakistan native , but has Canadian and U.S. citizenship . He is the second member of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community killed in Pakistan this year . Ahmadiyya Muslim Community members have been constantly persecuted in Pakistan since 1974 , when a constitutional amendment declared them non-Muslim . A decade later , President Muhammad Zia ul Haq 's military regime amended Pakistan 's penal code . This barred Ahmadis from identifying as Muslims and led to a hate campaign against their community . Khalil Ahmad , 61 , was arrested on blasphemy charges and fatally shot this month while in police custody in the Punjab town of Sharqpur . He was shot dead by a man who came in to serve food to prison inmates , according to Saleem Uddin , a spokesman for the Ahmadi community . Qamar 's family will travel to Canada to bury his body in Toronto . "  He had no enemies , " the spokesman said . "  He was a gentle man who enjoyed playing cricket . " "  Our community will continue to provide services to this country , It is this ongoing process of hate and discrimination that needs to be stopped in Pakistan . " Chicago pediatrician among 3 killed by Afghan guard	The doctor is a Pakistan native but has Canadian and U.S. citizenship Pictures of his bloodied body have gone viral on social media The motive of the killing is unclear
CNN  Rubén García Villalpando was supposed to arrive home from work on a Friday evening in February . But he never again pulled into the driveway of the home in suburban Dallas where he lived with his wife and four children . The 31-year-old welder died that night after a police officer shot him twice in the chest . Villalpando was unarmed , but in early reports about the shooting , police said an altercation erupted after he disobeyed an officer 's commands during a traffic stop . It was n't until hours after the shooting that his wife says she got a call from police , telling her what had happened . Now , questions swirl through Marta Romero 's mind . How will their children grow up without a father ? Will authorities take the case seriously or toss it aside because of her husband 's immigration status and the fact that the man who opened fire was a police officer , not a civilian ? And what happened that night to make something so horrible happen ? "  If my husband had killed a police officer , he would be in jail , " she said . "  But since it was the opposite , will they just leave it this way ? Because an officer killed a man , because he killed an illegal and nothing more ? What are a human 's rights then ? Now an animal gets more rights than a man . " Villalpando is one of three Mexican nationals killed in U.S. police shootings in the past month , sparking sharp criticism from Mexico 's Foreign Ministry and a call for the U.S. Justice Department to investigate . Pressure for authorities to take a deeper look at the controversial case is also coming from north of the border . At a City Council meeting in Grapevine , Texas , last week , Romero and her children were among a group holding signs that said "  Justice for Ruben " and chanting , "  Hands up ! Do n't shoot ! " -- the phrase that started as a call to action after the shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and has now become a rallying cry across the country in protests against police violence . Police said it 's too soon to say exactly what happened that night . Investigators have interviewed dozens of witnesses and plan to share their findings with prosecutors . No charges have been filed . "  I do not know now whether to believe in the authorities here or not , " Romero said , "  because if a police officer acted like this , what can another official do ? I do n't know . I want to trust them , because they are the ones who are taking care of us in this city . But I do n't know what they can do . " The case already has one piece of evidence that was n't available to investigators looking into Brown 's death : a police cruiser dash cam video . But police have n't released it to the public . "  There will be more information released as the investigation continues . This additional information may shed more light on Mr. Villalpando 's actions that night , " police and city officials in Grapevine said last week . "  We look forward to the time that the community can review the dash cam video of this incident , which we believe will answer many questions and correct some misconceptions about this incident . " Villalpando 's family members said they 've seen the video , and even though it does n't show the shooting , they said it 's clear there was no good reason for the officer to open fire . Villalpando was unarmed , they said , had his hands in the air and did nothing to threaten the officer who stopped him . It all started , police say , when a burglar alarm went off February 20 at a business in Grapevine . Officer Robert Clark of the Grapevine Police Department spotted Villalpando 's car in the area and started to follow him . Soon , according to police , the pursuit turned into a high-speed chase , with the officer following Villalpando from Grapevine into the neighboring town of Euless , Texas . A Grapevine Police statement released after the shooting said the dash cam video shows Villalpando 's car "  weaving through and around the heavy traffic and driving onto the highway attempting to evade Officer Clark . " Eventually , Villalpando pulled over . His family said they believe he did n't stop for police right away because he was scared . He was an undocumented immigrant who had lived in the United States for 15 years and he knew any encounter with police could end with him getting deported and separated from his children , Romero said . U.S. President Barack Obama 's announcement last fall that undocumented immigrant parents of U.S. citizen children could be eligible for work permits as part of a new executive action gave them hope , but also made them even more nervous about making sure they steered clear of trouble until the paperwork came through , she said . "  He was nervous . He knew that to have problems with the authorities was serious . ... We could n't have a criminal record , " she said . "  That is what he had in mind . What is going to happen to me now ? Now I am not going to be OK . They are going to deport me . " Fernando Romero said it was jarring to hear what Villalpando says in the video as he gets out of the vehicle . "  My brother-in-law is out of the car with his hands up , " he said , "  and the first thing he asks is , ` Are you going to kill me ? ' " There 's no sound of any fighting or altercation , but what you do hear , he said , is the profanities the officer repeatedly shouts as Villalpando approaches with his hands up . It 's hard to hear exactly what was said , according to Romero ; the family believes the officer made a comment claiming Villalpando was drunk . Police in Euless , who are leading the criminal investigation into what happened , told CNN the video does contain foul language . The Grapevine Police dispute the family 's assertion that Villalpando did nothing threatening , saying that "  contrary to clear instructions " he continued to walk toward the officer after being told repeatedly to stop . But there 's a key thing that 's not shown on the video , police and the family said : the shooting itself . Still , Fernando Romero said the sound of gunshots is clear , piercing through the roar of rush-hour traffic . His sister , Villalpando 's widow , was so devastated after seeing the video he had to carry her out of the police station . Grapevine Police said the video shows the officer did everything he could to keep the situation under control until backup arrived . "  We believe the dash-cam video , as well as information that has already been in the media , clearly demonstrates that Officer Clark was doing everything in his power , including the use of strong language , to keep Mr. Villalpando at a safe distance until backup arrived and an arrest -LSB- was -RSB- safely accomplished , " Sgt. Robert Eberling said in a written statement released Thursday . "  Members of the media have also been diligent in reporting some of the possible explanations for Mr. Villalpando 's actions on the night of February 20 , including a previous high-speed chase and a prior arrest for DWI , and a fear that he would be deported . Officer Clark had no way of knowing Mr. Villalpando 's nationality at the time the traffic stop was initiated and it may not have been evident on a highway in the late evening . " Marta Romero said her husband made a mistake when he did n't stop when the officer tried to pull him over . But she said he was trying to cooperate and turn himself in . "  He was painted like a criminal who was involved in a robbery and had assaulted an officer , and in the video you do n't see any of those things , " she said . "  You see the opposite , a man who is scared , who is simply trying to calm the situation , who sees that the police officer has a weapon in his hands . " Now she said , she 's seeking justice , hoping the police officer will face the appropriate charges for killing her husband . But she knows the family 's search for answers wo n't be easy . In addition to the doubts swirling in her head , she is faced with questions from her children , even as she tries to explain to them that their father wo n't return . The most devastating of all , she said , is , "  Mommy , when is my Papa going to wake up ? " Police in Euless said they 're also asking plenty of questions . Investigators have interviewed more than two dozen witnesses and are searching for more people who might have seen what happened , Euless Police Lt. Eric Starnes said Clark , who 's worked for the Grapevine Police since May 2014 , is on administrative leave pending the investigation . Grapevine Police did not respond to CNN 's request to speak to Clark about the incident . The burglar alarm that spurred the officer 's initial response , police later said , turned out to be false . As for the video , Grapevine Police said they still want the public to see it , but for now , they 're holding off on releasing it because prosecutors have asked for evidence not to be released to the public while an investigation is pending . "  While we understand the interest of the community in the requests to release the video , we must balance those needs with the direction from the District Attorney 's Office and the respect for the judicial process , " police said Thursday . "  We recognize that much of the sentiment being expressed is based on the understandable grief concerning Mr. Villalpando 's death . We appreciate the support of our citizens and the fact that they are keeping an open mind and waiting for the results of a complete and thorough investigation . " CNN 's Gustavo Valdes and Alina Machado contributed to this report .	A police officer shot and killed Ruben Garcia Villalpando in a Dallas suburb The case has drawn sharp criticism from Mexico 's government , which calls for a federal investigation Widow : "  I do not know now whether to believe in the authorities here or not "
CNN  -- A Chinese court on Friday sentenced Lai Changxing , a tycoon who spent more than a decade as a fugitive in Canada , to life in prison for smuggling and bribery , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported . Lai , 53 , was sentenced by a court in the southeastern port city of Xiamen in Fujian Province , where the Chinese authorities say he ran a multi-billion dollar smuggling operation in the late 1990s . Born into a peasant family , Lai received little in the way of education . He nonetheless rose to become one of China 's richest and most flamboyant businessmen . His company 's interests included products as varied as cigarettes , cars , luxury goods and oil . But in a crackdown on corruption , the Chinese government said Lai 's business was trading the goods illegally . It accused him of bribing dozens of government officials and telling his staff to do the same . Lai evaded the authorities and fled to Canada in 1999 . He was subsequently detained and spent years fighting extradition back to China . He lost that battle last year and was returned to China in July . His lawyers had said they feared he may face the death penalty in China like others convicted of profiting from the smuggling operation . But the extradition deal with Canada appeared to have prevented that outcome . Under Canadian law , nobody can be deported if they will face the death penalty .	Lai Changxing became one of China 's businessmen in the 1990s He fled to Canada after the Chinese authorities accused him of smuggling After more than a decade , he lost his fight to avoid extradition last year A Chinese court sentences him to life imprisonment
CNN  -- For the second time , an international tribunal has acquitted a former Kosovo prime minister and two others of abusing and killing Serbs , raising fears that the Thursday ruling could further strain tense relations between the two countries . The judges ruled there was no evidence that Ramush Haradinaj , who was a commander of the Kosovo Liberation Army before becoming prime minister , and two other former commanders murdered , tortured and unlawfully detained Serbian civilians , according to the summary judgment . It was the second recent high-profile acquittal on appeal by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia . Two former Croatian generals were cleared of war crimes on November 16 . In a statement after the verdict , Amnesty International urged authorities to hold accountable those responsible for abducting and murdering members of minority communities in Kosovo . "  Today 's verdict raises the question of if , as the court has established today , the three former high-ranking KLA members are not guilty , who then committed those crimes ? " John Dalhuisen , director of Amnesty International 's Europe and Central Asia program , said in the statement . "  Is anybody ever going to be brought to justice ? These are the questions that the victims and their families ask , and will continue to ask , until they see justice , " he said . The indictment alleged that Haradinaj , and former Kosovo Liberation Army commanders Idriz Balaj and Lahi Brahimaj , were part of a joint criminal enterprise to consolidate control over the Dukagjin area of western Kosovo through the unlawful removal and mistreatment of civilians . The charges against the former prime minister stemmed from 1998 , when he was a commander in the army and Kosovo was fighting for independence from Serbia . Kosovo declared its independence in 2008 , but Serbia has refused to recognize the move . The three men were initially indicted in March 2005 . Haradinaj was originally charged with 37 counts , but the trial court decided in April 2008 there was insufficient evidence to back up the charges and acquitted him , along with Balaj and Brahimaj . Prosecutors appealed , and the appeals chamber reinstated six counts against all three men , including murder , torture , cruel treatment and unlawful detention .	NEW : Amnesty International : "  Is anybody ever going to be brought to justice ? " Ramush Haradinaj was indicted on charges of abusing and killing detainees A trial court acquitted Haradinaj and two others in 2008 Prosecutors appealed , and the appeals chamber reinstated six counts against the three men
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- A passenger vehicle plunged off a cliff into a river in western Nepal Tuesday , killing 14 people , police said . The accident occurred in Myagdi district , about 250 kilometers  155 miles  west of Kathmandu . The victims were identified as seven men and seven women , a police officer told CNN . The passengers were pilgrims going to Muktinath -- a holy site for both Hindus and Buddhists -- in western Nepal near the Chinese border . The cause of the accident is not immediately known . Overcrowding , poor roads , poor condition of vehicles and the treacherous terrain cause frequent accidents in the mountains of Nepal .	The passenger vehicle went into a river The cause of the accident is unknown The passengers were traveling to a holy site in western Nepal
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is having a tough time . The defeat of the gun control legislation was devastating . Despite strong public support for tighter regulations and the backing of a bipartisan coalition , a furious blitz from gun lobby groups persuaded enough senators to kill the legislation . The bill 's sponsors could not find the 60 senators needed to stop a filibuster . One would think that the horrific tragedy of Newtown , Connecticut , where 20 children and six adults were shot and killed at the Sandy Hook Elementary School , would be enough to move lawmakers to impose some regulations , such as tougher background checks . But it was n't enough . Now the president faces another challenge with immigration reform . A bipartisan group in the Senate , led by Charles Schumer and Marco Rubio , has put together an immigration bill that includes a path to legalization for the 11 million unauthorized immigrants in this country and tighter border control . It appears that the bill has a chance to pass the Senate . But will House Republicans subvert the deal ? Opinion : Did we learn nothing from Newtown ? Immediately after Congress killed the gun control legislation , critics started pointing to the president 's hesitation to twist arms and lean on members of Congress . In what has become a familiar refrain , Obama was no Lyndon Johnson . Yet Obama 's trouble has much more to do with the way government works than his skill , or lack thereof , at working Capitol Hill . Too much emphasis is placed on the small picture of what he does or does not do in his personal interactions with Congress , or his "  messaging . " Actually , it 's not so much him as the government . Obama understood this when he ran for president in 2008 . He spoke constantly about the need to reform the government and the way in which our political processes hamper the ability of Congress and the president to take action . Yet once he was president , Obama put the issue of reform on the back burner . He decided to focus on the policy challenges ahead , generally dismissing the idea that there was much chance for him to make government work better . In certain cases , such as with the use of private money and political action committees , he decided to join the game and make sure it worked to his advantage . The decision has come at a cost . Opinion : Gun control fight just beginning Throughout his presidency , Obama has struggled as private interest groups have continued to exert enormous power over the legislative process . When Obama pushed his health care law through Congress , he felt the need to abandon hugely important measures that would have imposed tough cost controls . He did so to placate powerful interest groups in the medical industry who were dead set against these measures . The financial regulations imposed by the Dodd-Frank Act , passed in response to the financial crisis of 2008 , have struggled as interest groups continually undercut their effectiveness by persuading legislators to avoid any kind of tough implementation . This time around , gun rights organizations -- from giants such as the National Rifle Association to smaller operations -- conducted a massive and unyielding blitz on legislators . Even bipartisan support , a rarity in Washington , was not enough for the bill to succeed . Other issues , such as tax reform to close loopholes , have simply been abandoned because they seem so impossible given the power of lobbyists and campaign contributors who lurk on K Street . The power of money makes it extremely difficult for politicians to go out on a limb . The filibuster has also remained the chronic obstacle for Obama . With the constant threat of the filibuster against almost any piece of legislation , almost every bill requires a 60-vote super majority in the Senate . This makes it hard to build a coalition behind legislation and in most cases allows small factions within a party to subvert presidential proposals . Presidents usually need bipartisan support to get 60 votes , and bipartisanship is almost impossible nowadays . Opinion : One way to fight guns This was certainly a challenge for gun rights , and could make immigration reform vulnerable in the final stages of debate . As with money and politics , the filibuster has also made other issues altogether impossible to consider even . When the immigration bill reaches the House of Representatives , the trouble will begin . House members in gerrymandered districts care about the party activists who tend to be the loudest voices . The situation to avoid is one where the Republican caucus drifts further to the right even while counterparts in the Senate and public opinion support immigration reform . The truth is we will never know what was possible in that transformative moment that followed Obama 's historic election or after his re-election in 2012 . But without reforming our government , the path to gridlock is not going to disappear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : The defeat of the gun control bill was devastating for the Obama administration Zelizer : Now the president faces another tough challenge with immigration reform Obama 's trouble has more to do with how government works rather than his skills , he says Zelizer : Without reforming government , the path to gridlock is not going to disappear
CNN  -- Roger Federer has endured a 2013 which has seen him slip out of the world 's top four for the first time in a decade . But the 17-time grand slam champion will have a chance to end his season on a high after qualifying for the ATP World Tour Finals in London , a city where he has enjoyed a multitude of triumphs . The Swiss maestro has won a record equaling seven singles titles at Wimbledon , staged in the British capital , while he has also won the season-ending championships twice since it was moved to London 's O2 Arena in 2009 . A second round win over South Africa 's Kevin Anderson at the Paris Masters ensured current world No. 7 Federer would line up at the showpiece World Tour Finals , which he has won on a record six occasions . On Thursday , Federer 's fellow Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka and Frenchman Richard Gasquet completed the eight-man field in London . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- the absolute pinnacle of our sport , " Federer , who will equal Ivan Lendl 's record of 12 consecutive Tour Finals appearances , told the ATP website before booking his place in London . "  You want to be able to showcase your talents against the best , with the biggest rivalries , in one of the coolest arenas in the world in front of amazing fans . "  For me it 's always been an honor to play there and I look forward to returning this year . " The news of Federer 's qualification will delight his British fans , who have grown accustomed to seeing him dominate the grass courts of the All England Club and the electric blue surface at the O2 Arena . "  As a six-time champion Roger stands alone as the most decorated player in the history of the ATP World Tour Finals , " said tournament director Andre Silva . "  He is enormously popular here in London , where he has also won seven Wimbledon titles , and we 're delighted to welcome him back to the O2 . " World No. 1 Rafael Nadal heads the list of players set to feature in the competition , with six-time grand slam champion Novak Djokovic also London bound . Reigning Wimbledon champion Andy Murray misses out after failing to recover from a back injury in time to play , but David Ferrer , Juan Martin del Potro and Tomas Berdych will take part . Wawrinka and Gasquet advanced when Milos Raonic lost to Tomas Berdych , ending the Canadian 's slim hopes . Wawrinka will be the lone debutant in London .	Roger Federer qualifies for the ATP World Tour Finals in London Federer booked his spot with a win over Kevin Anderson in Paris The Swiss has won the season-ending tournament on a record six occasions Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka and Frenchman Richard Gasquet complete the field
Rolling Stone  -- Saturday night , Buffalo Springfield will wrap up their seven-date reunion tour with a headlining slot at Bonnaroo . According to the group 's singer and guitarist Richie Furay , fans who missed out on seeing them this time around will have plenty of chances later in the year . "  The plan is to do 30 dates this fall , " he tells Rolling Stone . "  The anchors will be Los Angeles and New York . What the other cities are , I ca n't tell you right now -- but we 're almost certainly doing Red Rocks . " The plan is to play mostly large theaters , as opposed to arenas and amphitheaters . "  We want to keep it a little more intimate , " he says . "  Rather than going out and playing a huge something ... There have been people from Florida , Chicago and Texas saying to me , ` Hey , you gon na come my way ? ' I have to say that with 30 shows , we 're gon na hit those cities . " Choose Rolling Stone 's Cover : The Sheepdogs vs. Lelia Broussard . Vote Now Furay became a born-again Christian in the mid-1970s , and since 1983 he 's worked as a pastor at Calvary Chapel Church in Broomfield , Colorado . "  The church has been very supportive of this tour , " he says . "  I have an assistant pastor that 's doing some of the Sundays and we have a guest speaker come in too . Everybody 's taken care of . " Hours before taking the stage with Buffalo Springfield at the Santa Barbara Bowl tonight , Furay called into Rolling Stone to chat about the tour . Let 's start at the beginning . Where were you and what you were doing when Neil Young first contacted you last year about a Buffalo Springfield reunion ? I think I was probably just in my home studio office , probably working on some church stuff . This thing was not on my radar . I got one of those calls that Neil was calling me , so I got on the phone and we just started the conversation . He said that he 'd been talking to Stephen -LSB- Stills -RSB- and they thought it would be really fun to do the Bridge School Benefit . They wanted to know if I was into it . It 's kind of funny , 'cause Neil said , ` Well , you know , we do n't have to do it this year if this is too soon . We can do it next year or the next year ... " And I 'm thinking , "  Neil , I mean we 're not 20 years old again . We better do this while we still can ! " I think a day later we all got on the phone -- Stephen , Neil and myself . We all agreed to do it . I was on my way to Israel in a couple of weeks , so right after I came back I had four days and then I went out to Northern California . We just kind of started rehearsing and it led to this . Buffalo Springfield Launch First Tour In 43 Years How long after the two Bridge School shows did you start talking about doing more shows this year ? Between Thanksgiving and Christmas of last year it was decided . I do n't know how it all got done . The three of us and our managers just kind of agreed to go ahead and take it to the next step . I imagine that Bonnaroo was the anchor for these six California shows this month . Absolutely . They all build up to it . It started in Oakland , which is a little obscure and out of the way . Then we went to Los Angeles and there was a little more tension and publicly visible . Now here we are at a smaller outdoor venue . It 's given us a feel building up to being outdoors at Bonnaroo . Photos : Buffalo Springfield Kick Off Their Reunion Tour How many days did you guys rehearse ? A solid week . It was to our advantage that we had played in October , so we had at least an hour 's worth of music that we 'd already started to rehearse . And then we just moved on from there . One of the neat things about what we 're doing is that we 're doing it ourselves . We do n't have 10 musicians and singers . We got five guys and what you hear is what you get . I think that is something really unique for what we 're doing right now . Are you singing songs you have n't sung since in over 40 years ? Oh , yeah ! With the Richie Furay Band I do a medley of songs that I sang on the first Buffalo Springfield album . I do a medley of "  Flying On the Ground Is Wrong , " "  Do I Have To Come Right Out and Say It and Nowadays Clancy Ca n't Even Sing . " I also play a version of "  Go and Say Goodbye " because I just love that song . So with those four songs I was already familiar , but everything else was pretty much songs we have n't played for 40 years . What do you feel when you 're walking onstage with Neil and Stephen ? This is something nobody thought would ever happen again . It 's awe . That 's what everybody is feeling . I saw a guy this morning that said he was coming to the show tonight . He said , "  I had tickets 43 years ago in Nashville to see you guys with the Beach Boys . " It was within a day or two of when Martin Luther King had been shot and we 'd cancelled the show . He said , "  So I 've been waiting 43 years to see this band play . " I 'm so used to seeing Neil as the frontman . It 's cool to see him sing harmonies or just play the piano . He usually is n't a utility player like that . Neil made it clear at the first show -- and certainly this was our understanding going in -- that this was not Neil Young and Buffalo Springfield or Stephen Stills and Buffalo Springfield . This is Buffalo Springfield . That 's the approach we 're taking . It 's a band and everybody fills their role . -LSB- Drummer -RSB- Joe -LSB- Vitale -RSB- and -LSB- bassist -RSB- Rick -LSB- Rosas -RSB- fill their roles too . We just share the music and the lead singing . It 's a true band . There 's no agendas . That 's what 's really neat . I think we 're way past that . I mean , we were 20-year-old kids when we started . We 're doing this because we want to do it and it 's fun and it 's unique and because we know there 's a lot of people out there that , like me , that never thought it would ever happen ! This has to be the most time the three of you have spent together since 1968 . It is . How are you guys getting along ? Is it weird after all this time ? No , there 's nothing weird about it . From the moment I saw Neil at the rehearsal hall before the Bridge School we just started talking . There was nothing we had to work through or work out to get our relationship back together . None at all . Then when Stephen arrived it was the same thing . This has been a truly dynamic situation . Everybody is just feeling the same . We left the show last night and Stephen just had the biggest smile on his face . That 's just the way it is . I think this is the fun we thought we were going to have back in the Sixties . Because of circumstances , it just did n't happen . But we 're having fun now . There 's energy in Neil . There 's energy in Stephen . There 's energy in me . I feel young up there , man . Are you at all nervous about playing Bonnaroo in front of something like 80,000 people ? I 'm not . You know , sometimes it 's more difficult to play in front of 80 people than it is 80,000 . It 's just the way it is . With the nerves of intimacy it can be much more intimidating than playing in front of a sea of people . A lot of the reviewers have commented on how remarkably preserved your voice is . Do you attribute that to good genes or clean living or just luck ? I think that 's the grace of God . No doubt about it . But I think I 'm singing better than I did in 1967 . There 's more of a confidence there now . Are you guys thinking about taping the shows for a live album or DVD ? Well , there 's been no direct conversation that I 've had , but I know the shows are being recorded . Each one . Do you think the setlist is going to change at all ? I know fans want to hear "  Expecting To Fly , " "  Flying On the Ground Is Wrong " and a few others . It 's certainly not going to change before Bonnaroo , but I would say that by the time we go out in the fall we will probably work in five or six more songs . We 'll probably work in "  Flying on the Ground is Wrong , " "  Hung Upside Down " and "  Down to the Wire . " We were just going over the chord patterns to that one yesterday . I 'm sure it 's hard to say at this point , but do you think that Buffalo Springfield is going to carry on in some form after this tour ? Well , I do n't think you 're gon na be able to say that Buffalo Springfield is an entity that you can count on continuing . I mean , there might be some special things that we do -- but right now it 's just one day at a time . We all have different careers , and this is what we 're doing right now ... What 's most heartwarming to me is the friendships . I mean , it 's just too much , man . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Furay says fans will have plenty of chances see them perform later in the year "  The plan is to do 30 dates this fall , " he says The plan is to play mostly large theaters , as opposed to arenas and amphitheaters
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Department of Homeland Security will hire up to 1,000 cybersecurity experts over the next three years to help protect U.S. computer networks , an Obama administration official said . Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano seeks to hire up to 1,000 cybersecurity experts . "  Cybersecurity is one of our most urgent priorities , " said Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano in making the announcement Thursday . She unveiled the plans at an event marking the beginning of National Cybersecurity Awareness Month . "  This new hiring authority will enable DHS to recruit the best cyberanalysts , developers and engineers in the world to serve their country by leading the nation 's defenses against cyberthreats , " according to Napolitano . U.S. officials are mindful that both government and private sector computer sites have been targeted , and consequences can be dire . The Internet , Napolitano said , is "  a critical part of our everyday lives and how our society and our economy operate . " She added , "  We rely on cybernetworks to control and manage transportation , electricity , banking . " Department officials could not say precisely how many cyberexperts now work at DHS and its various component agencies such as the Secret Service and Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Napolitano said she doubts it will be necessary to fill all 1,000 of the authorized positions , but she is focused on making DHS a "  world-class cyberorganization . " The Obama administration has set cybersecurity as a top priority but has yet to hire a cyberczar to head up its efforts . Chris Painter , the White House National Security Staff 's acting senior director for cybersecurity , said the president remains committed to finding someone for the post .	"  Cybersecurity is one of our most urgent priorities , " says DHS chief Janet Napolitano Hiring to protect U.S. computer networks will occur over the next three years Napolitano says computer networks too crucial to be left vulnerable to attack
CNN  -- The optics , as they say , were good . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov smiled and joked at the Geneva news conference that wrapped up three days of talks on how to dismantle Syria 's chemical weapons arsenal . By their own acknowledgment , the framework agreed upon is very ambitious . It will involve ramping up the work of a little-known outfit called the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , an organization so little known that Kerry and Lavrov both called it the Organization for the Prevention of Chemical Weapons . The two sides agreed that to keep up the momentum of the process , the normal timetable for the organization 's work must be jettisoned . The framework notes that "  the United States and the Russian Federation believe that these extraordinary procedures are necessitated by the prior use of these weapons in Syria , " carefully not assigning blame for their use . U.S. , Russia agree to framework on Syria chemical weapons So expedited is this process that the Syrian government is expected to provide a full list of its chemical weapons stocks within one week , including their "  location and form of storage , production , and research and development facilities . " Further , "  the elimination process must include the facilities for the development and production of these weapons , " according to the agreement . The Assad regime may argue that parts of some facilities  such as the Scientific Studies and Research Center in Damascus  have other purposes and would therefore be off-limits to inspectors . That was a regular source of friction between Saddam Hussein 's government in Iraq and the UNSCOM inspectors deployed to flush out its weapons of mass destruction . Read the framework of the agreement One critical part of the deal is that the two sides say they now have a "  shared assessment of the amount and type of chemical weapons involved , " even though U.S. officials have in recent days given conflicting views on just how much Syria may have and where it may be . For the past few months both Israeli and U.S. sources have indicated that the Assad regime has been dispersing its chemical weapons stocks . But Kerry implied that the regime may have moved its chemical weapons into safer  and therefore more accessible  sites . The two sides also agreed that a U.N. Security Council resolution will be drafted to give international blessing to the OPCW 's mission . Kerry said : "  We have committed to impose measures under Chapter VII in the U.N. Security Council . " But no one expects any specific mention in that resolution of the possibility of military action . That option -- at least in a multilateral setting -- is a can being kicked down the road . Russia and the United States have agreed that "  in the event of noncompliance , including unauthorized transfer , or any use of chemical weapons by anyone in Syria , the U.N. Security Council should impose measures under Chapter VII of the U.N. Charter . " "  Measures " can take the form of sanctions as well as military action . The U.S. State Department has used the formula "  consequences for noncompliance , " and at the news conference Kerry said the response of the international community would have to be commensurate with any violation . Down the track , there may well be heated debate about what is "  commensurate . " Kerry stressed that President Obama still had the right as commander-in-chief to take unilateral action to protect U.S. interests , but said he would not be drawn on what the remedy "  might be for circumstances we do n't even know yet . " Keep up with the latest developments in Syria The agreement insists on "  the immediate and unfettered right to inspect any and all sites in Syria , " but there are a multitude of ways to obstruct this . What if the regime drew rebel groups into a battle for a critical road artery that then became unusable to the OPCW teams ? And who would protect the inspectors ? The agreement notes the "  primary responsibility of the Syrian government in this regard . " Other logistical headaches : What sort of transport would be required to move the arsenal out of Syria ? Given the regional neighborhood and the fact that the regime is not in control of many border crossings , shipping the agents and equipment out by air may be the preferred option . Interestingly , the agreement specified the possibility "  of consolidation and destruction in the coastal area of Syria , " an area largely controlled by the government . The greatest obstacle to the process agreed to in Geneva is events on the ground . OPCW inspectors are expected to complete their initial assessment , as well as the destruction of production equipment and mixing and filling equipment , by the end of November . The Kerry-Lavrov agreement aims for "  removal of the largest amounts of weapons feasible , under OPCW supervision , and their destruction outside of Syria , if possible . " The chaotic battle-lines across Syria , and the need for inspectors to visit and secure perhaps as many as 50 sites across the country , may make that task formidable . Still to be established : Who would protect convoys carrying these chemical agents to a central location ? Would rebel groups  hardly a coherent force  agree to a ceasefire where chemical weapons are being collected and moved ? The rebels ' military command has already rejected the idea of a truce . The U.N. inspectors in Iraq spent seven years trying to uncover and destroy its weapons of mass destruction program . There were hundreds of inspectors and technicians on the ground , part of an organization that had backroom staff , the support of the U.N. Security Council and a substantial budget . While Saddam 's WMD arsenal was probably much greater than is Syria 's , the UNSCOM inspectors were not working in the middle of a civil war . So the Russian-U.S. accord is perhaps understating the magnitude of the task at hand when it talks of "  ambitious goals for the removal and destruction of all categories of chemical weapons-related materials and equipment with the objective of completing such removal and destruction in the first half of 2014 . " The glaring "  asterisk " in the framework agreement is close to the end where both sides "  note that there are details in furtherance of the execution of this framework that need to be addressed on an expedited basis in the coming days . " But the Framework agreement and its annexes represent a remarkable and rapid advance in U.S.-Russian cooperation on Syria . Both Kerry and Lavrov stressed their constant contact on this and many other issues , with the Russian foreign minister pointing out that the agreement showed the United States and Russia could get results . If public appearances are any guide , they have a relaxed and collegial relationship . And both dared to suggest that this agreement might open the window toward an even more ambitious goal , creating the conditions for political negotiations between the Syrian government and opposition . Kerry reiterated in his opening remarks that the Syrian conflict would only be solved by political negotiation . Both he and Lavrov spent time with U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi while in Geneva , the man charged with the hitherto impossible task of bringing the Syrian government and rebels together . McCain responds to Putin 's op-ed , with his own	U.S. , Russia agrees the framework is ambitious Syria expected to provide a full list of its chemical weapons stocks in one week Method that will be used to transport chemical weapons is an issue Inspectors are to assess and destroy weapons by the end of November
This past week , my inbox blew up with e-mails asking whether Donald Sterling 's First Amendment rights were violated in the uproar over the Los Angeles Clippers owner 's racist remarks about black people . After all , he was simply expressing his views , however unpopular . While he did have some rights violated , his First Amendment rights remain intact . The First Amendment protects you from the government punishing you because of your speech . The NBA is a private club , and it can discipline Sterling all it wants . What about the chorus of criticism ? Are we all violating his First Amendment rights by criticizing him ? We are punishing him for his speech . Nope . The First Amendment does not insulate you from criticism . In fact , that 's the First Amendment in action . That is how the marketplace of ideas works . We float our ideas in the marketplace , and we see which idea sells . Most everyone would agree that Sterling 's ideas fail in the marketplace of ideas . Nevertheless , I reluctantly stand on Sterling 's side today . What happened to him may have been illegal and was morally wrong . Start with illegal . In California , you ca n't record a conversation without the knowledge or consent of both parties . The recording featuring Sterling and V. Stiviano may be the result of a crime . Once she gathered this information , someone leaked it  she denies it was her  -- and it went viral . This is where I think things went morally wrong . We all say things in private that we might not say in public . Sometimes we have ideas that are not fully developed -- we try them out with our closest friends . Consider it our test-marketplace of ideas . As our ideas develop , we consider whether to make them public . Should we not all have the freedom to make that choice on our own ? The Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy made his own stupid and bigoted statements , and he 's been nationally pilloried , too -- but he chose to make those statements to the world . He deserves every ounce of obloquy heaped upon him . But does Sterling ? Think about what his public character execution means . It means that we now live in a world where if you have any views that are unpopular , you now not only need to fear saying them in public , but you need to fear saying them at all -- even to your intimate friends . They might be recording you , and then that recording may be spread across the Internet for everyone to hear . Is n't it bad enough that the National Security Agency can spy on all of us ? How can we complain when we condone giving our closest friends the ability to do worse -- perhaps just to try and destroy us . In the novel "  1984 , " George Orwell wrote of the Telescreen , a device that beamed information into the home but that also spied on people constantly . Even if we were to stop the NSA in its tracks , would we still now live in a world where the Telescreen watches us ? Only instead of an oppressive government installing it in our apartments , it is conveniently placed in the hands of our dear friends . The Sterling story is not that we found a bigot and dragged him to the gallows in the middle of the marketplace of ideas . The Sterling story is about how there is no more privacy . We live in a world where you can share your intimate photos with your lover , and they will wind up on a "  revenge porn " website . We live in a world where our intimate conversations will be recorded and blasted to billions of listeners . We live in a world where , say a gold digger can spy on her sugar daddy , and the world says that the creepy old guy is the bad guy . Do n't get me wrong . Sterling does seem to be a bad person . But sometimes the bad person is also the victim , and he stands in for us . As you applaud Stiviano for bringing the racist old man 's views to light , consider if it were you speaking to a woman friend in what you thought was a private conversation . Do we now live in a world where we can trust nobody ? Where there is no privacy ? In this story , there are two villains . Sterling represents the bad old days . But Stiviano 's behavior represents the horrifying future . Should n't we condemn the complete breakdown of privacy and trust at least as loudly as we condemn some old man 's racist blathering ?	Marc J. Randazza : Donald Sterling 's First Amendment rights were n't violated in scandal Government is n't punishing speech , he says , but Sterling 's ideas failed in marketplace He says problem was recording of Sterling may have been illegal , leaking it morally wrong Randazza : This could happen to any of our private conversations today and it 's chilling
CNN  -- If a rain dance brings relief for one kind of drought then golfer Rory McIlroy might just be hoping a few traditional dance steps in Abu Dhabi might satisfy his thirst for another major title in 2014 . McIlroy and reigning British Open champion Phil Mickelson joined a local dance troupe swirling golf clubs instead of the traditional sticks in a dose of Al Razfa dancing . The entertainment was a curtain raiser for this week 's Abu Dhabi Golf Championship where McIlroy and Mickelson will tee off against fellow top-10 players Henrik Stenson and Sergio Garcia . "  That was a bit of fun and a great way to get into the rhythm of the season , " said former world No. 1 McIlroy , who put a miserable 2013 season behind him with victory in the Australian Open in November . "  Some skilful finger work and balancing is needed . I suspect it 's a bit like golf , practice , practice , practice . " McIlroy , a two-time major winner , seemed in buoyant mood as he prepares to knuckle down to the new season . On New Year 's Eve , the 24-year-old announced on Twitter his "  first victory of 2014 " as he revealed he was engaged to Danish tennis player Caroline Wozniacki . The pair have been dating since September 2011 , but if media rumors were to be believed their romance has endured some difficult moments , particularly as both slipped down the rankings in their respective sports in 2013 . But McIlroy , now the world No. 7 , told the media ahead of the Abu Dhabi tournament that he is feeling more focused , especially as a would-be married man . "  I 'm not going to sit here and say that all the stuff going on off the golf course was n't a distraction and say that it did n't affect me , " McIlroy , who is involved in a court case with his former management company , told reporters . "  Of course it did . You 're thinking of other things when you really should n't have to . Feeling good "  I do n't think there can be a bigger decision you have to make than asking someone to marry you . "  If anything , it will only help to have that stability and knowing everything in that regard in my life is set . "  I 'm feeling good about where I am mentally . I feel good with everything that 's going on off the golf course , and it 's hopefully shaping up to be a good year . " Mickelson has his own targets in mind as he begins his new season in Abu Dhabi . The American may have won his first British Open title last season but he had to swallow the agony of finishing as runner-up of the U.S. Open for a sixth time . It is the only one of the four majors to elude Mickelson , denying him a career grand slam . "  Any major championship win would make the year special and memorable , " Mickelson told reporters in Abu Dhabi . "  I do believe that I 'll win a U.S. Open . I do n't know if it will be at Pinehurst this year -- very well could be , or in the future . But any major championship would make 2014 a remarkable year . " Joining the quartet of top-10 players at the desert showdown are former winners Paul Casey from England , Germany 's Martin Kaymer and Welsh defending champion Jamie Donaldson as well as major winners Northern Ireland 's Darren Clarke and Ireland 's Padraig Harrington . The $ 2.7 m prize pot attracts some of golf 's big names to open their season under the desert sun of Abu Dhabi but the game 's biggest cat Tiger Woods is not in attendance this year and the world No. 1 has yet to open his campaign .	Top-10 stars Rory McIlroy , Phil Mickelson , Henrik Stenson and Sergio Garcia to tee off in Abu Dhabi Golf Championship McIlroy says he is "  feeling good mentally " as he prepares to start his 2014 season Winning another major title in 2014 would make it a "  remarkable " year for Mickelson World No. 1 absent Tiger Woods absent from the $ 2.7 m desert showdown
CNN  -- A passenger who landed at Tokyo 's Narita airport over the weekend has ended up with a surprise souvenir courtesy of customs officials -- a package of cannabis . Sniffer dogs failed to find the cannabis after it had been slipped into a passenger 's bag . A customs official hid the package in a suitcase belonging to a passenger arriving from Hong Kong as part of an exercise for sniffer dogs on Sunday , Reuters.com reported . However , staff then lost track of the drugs and suitcase during the exercise , a spokeswoman for Tokyo customs said . Customs regulations specify that a training suitcase be used for such exercises , but the official had used passengers ' suitcases for similar purposes in the past , domestic media reported . Tokyo customs has asked anyone who finds the package to return it .	Customs official slips cannabis into passenger 's bag to test sniffer dogs Cannabis slips through the net , with officials forced to ask for its return Cannabis hidden in bag of unwitting passenger from Hong Kong
After three years of searching , the remains of Holly Bobo have been found in Tennessee . The 20-year-old nursing student was last seen alive in 2011 . Hundreds of volunteers turned out to search for her , and her case yielded more than $ 450,000 in reward money offered . Bobo 's remains were found Sunday in Decatur County , the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said Monday night . CNN affiliate WREG reported that hunters had found a human skull . District Attorney Matt Stowe said he is "  ready , willing and able to seek the death penalty in this case . " "  We are going to make sure that everyone who played a part in the heinous crime that has attacked the peace and dignity of the great state of Tennessee faces a consequence for that , " Stowe said Monday night . Two men have been charged in connection with Bobo 's death : Jason Wayne Autry and Zachary Adams . Both have pleaded not guilty . Bobo 's brother has told authorities he saw a man in camouflage leading Bobo away from their home in the town of Darden in April 2011 . Volunteers from at least five counties searched for the student , but to no avail . ` Right hand before God , I 'm innocent , ' says man charged in case	District attorney : We are ready to seek the death penalty in this case Bobo disappeared in April 2011 from her rural Tennessee home
Four years ago an unknown startup called MakerBot showed up at the South by Southwest Interactive conference here with a prototype of its first desktop 3-D printer , which spit out plastic replicas of small objects . Bre Pettis , the company 's co-founder , took the machine around to Austin 's watering holes , set it on the bar and showed off its capabilities by printing shot glasses . "  They were pretty popular , " he said . On Friday , Pettis was back at SXSW , this time as a keynote speaker before a packed hall of 3,000 people , further evidence that 3-D printing is a hot trend in the tech world . Once again , he brought a new prototype with him . This time MakerBot unveiled a desktop device that can scan small three-dimensional objects . Called a MakerBot Digitizer , it 's meant to complement the company 's Replicator printer by letting customers scan objects , then feed the resulting digital files to the Replicator to be printed . The Digitizer uses two lasers and a webcam to scan objects up to about 8 inches in diameter  Pettis brought a small plastic garden gnome as an example .  The process takes less than three minutes . Once the digital scan is completed , an object can be printed right away . It 's easier and faster than using software to design a digital printing model from scratch . "  This is something you would envision being science fiction , but in fact , it is real -- and it is so cool , " said Pettis , who described the Digitizer as a great tool for archiving or replicating prototypes , models , parts , artifacts , sculptures and other objects "  If something gets broken , you can just scan it and print it again . " He said the scanner will hit the market this fall . Pettis did not say how much it would cost , although if the price is comparable to MakerBot 's printers -- $ 2,000 to $ 3,000 -- it 'll be within reach of most small-business owners . The process of 3-D printing uses computer-created digital models to create real-world objects -- everything from simple toys or jewelry to more complex objects with moving parts . The printers follow the shape of the model by stacking layer upon layer of molten plastic to produce the items . The emerging 3-D printing industry got a boost last month when President Obama highlighted it in his State of the Union address as something that could revive manufacturing and fuel new high-tech jobs in the United States . The New York-based MakerBot has emerged as a pioneer in the burgeoning field by making home 3-D printing relatively affordable . Pettis , who was splashed on the cover of Wired magazine last year , has become the industry 's poster boy . "  I think we can safely say that if there is a 3-D printing revolution , he is the commander in chief , " said SXSW Interactive Director Hugh Forrest in introducing Pettis , MakerBot 's CEO , on Friday . In his remarks , Pettis said he has been excited to see the many ways people have used 3-D printers to enhance their lives . He showed a slide of a boy in South Africa , born without fingers on his right hand , who received a low-cost prosthetic made by a 3-D printer . "  There 's a renaissance going on  in 3-D printing  now . It 's never been easier to make and share things , " he said . "  You can fill the world with garden gnomes if you want . " Somebody in the audience asked Pettis if 3-D printers will someday be able to print any object you could possibly need . "  Yes , eventually , " he said . "  There are some limitations  now  , " he added , citing MakerBot 's messy attempts to print food , such as chocolate . MakerBot 's announcement of its Digitizer scanner is an unusual occurrence at SXSW Interactive , which is typically known for launching apps and social media tools , not hardware . But the small but growing company -- Pettis said he 's looking to hire 50 people -- is already becoming a role model for other startups . "  As an entrepreneur you have to believe that it 's possible  to succeed  , " he said in response to a question from an audience member . "  One of the reasons MakerBot worked is that we did n't know how hard it was going to be . "	Startup MakerBot on Friday unveils a desktop device that can scan small 3-D objects The resulting digital file can then be used to print a 3-D replica of the object MakerBot CEO Bre Pettis : "  There 's a renaissance going on  in 3-D printing  now " Pettis was speaking Friday at the South by Southwest Interactive festival
CNN  -- A whistle-blower who helped shed light on misconduct among the ranks of contractors working as guards for the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan is back home in England sooner than he expected after he resigned in the fallout of the scandal . "  It was just downright stupid , " Terry Pearson says of guard misconduct in Afghanistan . Terry Pearson , who worked as an operations manager for contractor R.A. International at Camp Sullivan in Afghanistan , said he witnessed mistreatment among the guards employed by ArmorGroup North America , who were housed at the camp . "  It was just downright stupid , some of the things they were doing , " Pearson told CNN . "  And insensitive . " Allegations surfaced last week that contractor ArmorGroup allowed mistreatment , sexual activity and intimidation within the ranks of private guards hired to protect the embassy in Kabul . The company and U.S. officials are investigating . Wackenhut Services Inc. , the corporate parent of ArmorGroup , said in an e-mail it is "  fully cooperating " in the investigation . Fourteen guards were fired and the entire management team for ArmorGroup in Kabul was to be replaced , the U.S. Embassy in Kabul said . The actions of the embassy guards went beyond pranks or laughs , he said . "  When you start encouraging people to drink alcohol running off someone 's body parts , " Pearson said , pausing for a moment , "  a bit over the top . " Watch Pearson describe guards ' "  insensitive " conduct " He took his grievance to his superiors as well as those of ArmorGroup . The answer he received was , " ` they 're just letting off steam , ' and I think that 's the way they looked at some of the incidents that happened , " Pearson said . Pearson said he was looking for a change of behavior , not for mass firings . But at Camp Sullivan , he was made to feel that he had done something wrong and he resigned . Pearson said he reconsidered the resignation almost immediately after he submitted it , but it was too late . "  Although we are now aware of the alleged events at Camp Sullivan ... the employee 's resignation was not associated with this matter , " R.A. International said in a statement . The scandal came to light last week when the watchdog group Project on Government Oversight sent a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and briefed reporters on its findings , which it said were based on e-mails and interviews with more than a dozen guards who have worked at the U.S. compound in Kabul . Speaking with CNN at his hometown of Liverpool , England , Pearson said that given a chance to go back , he would have taken the same stance . "  Dignity at work and respect at work is more important than having a job yourself , " he said . CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this report .	Terry Pearson is back in England after allegedly witnessing guard misconduct Pearson resigned from R.A. International at Camp Sullivan in Afghanistan 14 guards were fired after allegations of abuse , sexual activity and intimidation ArmorGroup and U.S. officials are investigating
CNN  -- With Sen. Hillary Clinton 's presidential campaign officially over , she is focusing on making sure her supporters back Sen. Barack Obama 's bid . Sen. Hillary Clinton suspended her presidential campaign on Saturday . Throughout the primary season , Clinton and Obama expressed confidence the Democrats would unify once a nominee emerged . As Clinton closed her campaign Saturday , she urged the cheering crowd of thousands to support Obama in his run for the White House , saying she and supporters should "  take our energy , our passion and our strength and do all we can to help elect Barack Obama ... I ask all of you to join me in working as hard for Barack Obama as you have for me . " Her endorsement was met with a scattering of boos and thumbs downs from the crowd at the National Building Museum in Washington . Watch Clinton urge voters to back Obama " In a CNN poll released Friday , 60 percent of Clinton supporters said they would vote for Obama , but 17 percent said they would vote for McCain and 22 percent , said they would not vote at all if Clinton were not the nominee . Watch how Clinton 's speech might impact voters " The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 7.5 percentage points . The poll was conducted after Obama clinched the Democratic nomination Tuesday . Clinton has vowed to do whatever she could "  to ensure that Democrats take the White House back and defeat John McCain . " Concern about the division in the party arose because Clinton and Obama appealed to such different segments of the electorate . Clinton did well with working-class voters and the elderly . Obama rallied the support of affluent , well-educated voters , African-Americans and the younger generation . Some of Clinton 's top supporters say the best way to get the New York senator 's 18 million voters behind Obama is by putting Clinton on the ticket . Democrats appear to like an Obama-Clinton ticket . A CNN poll released Friday suggested that nearly half of those voting Democrats , 54 percent , would support a joint ticket , but 43 percent would oppose it . The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . "  I 've looked at every other possible candidate . No one brings to a ticket what Hillary brings , " Sen. Dianne Feinstein said Sunday on ABC 's "  This Week . " But not everyone is behind the idea of a joint ticket . Former President Jimmy Carter said that would be "  the worst mistake that could be made . " "  That would just accumulate the negative aspects of both candidates , " Carter told The Guardian , a London newspaper , saying that both candidates ' vulnerabilities could overshadow the ticket if the two team up . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on a "  joint ticket " Feinstein said she thinks Obama needs to reach out to the Clinton supporters "  using Sen. Clinton 's help . " "  He needs to reassure them as to what he would do in the agenda for change , because the comparisons with McCain are very stark . Certainly with respect to the economy , extending unemployment insurance , building infrastructure , " she said . Obama and Clinton met in Feinstein 's Washington home on Thursday . They spoke alone for about an hour , in a move seen as the first step in healing the rifts in the party . Feinstein said she chatted with Clinton before Obama arrived . "  She expressed to me the depth of her concern and caring , the fact that she had 18 million who put their hopes and dreams in her ability to create new opportunities for people . She wants to continue that . She recognizes that it 's over , and I think every instinct in Hillary Clinton is to help , " she said . The main page on Obama 's Web site has been updated with a message that says , "  Thank you Senator Clinton , " and links to a form where visitors can send a message to her . Clinton 's Web site now urges visitors to "  support Senator Obama today . " CNN analyst Gloria Borger said Clinton must speak to the female voters who supported her , "  many of whom are so angry about this race . " "  She really has to tell women why Barack Obama is the best candidate for president , " Borger said . "  She has to go a long way to try -LSB- to -RSB- get rid of that anger . " CNN senior political producer Sasha Johnson said Clinton 's speech was a "  first step " in making inroads to persuade her supporters to back Obama , but she said it 's too early to tell what the effect will be . "  I would argue that most of the people in that room want a Democratic president and will come around , and those that still are n't sure yet will probably come around , but again , I think some wo n't . This was a hard primary for Democrats , " she said . Shortly after the speech , Obama released a statement praising Clinton 's presidential run . "  Obviously , I am thrilled and honored to have Sen. Clinton 's support . But more than that , I honor her today for the valiant and historic campaign she has run . She shattered barriers on behalf of my daughters and women everywhere , who now know that there are no limits to their dreams . And she inspired millions with her strength , courage and unyielding commitment to the cause of working Americans . "	Some of Clinton 's 18 million voters are hesitant to back Obama Obama 's Web site urges visitors to thank Clinton for supporting his campaign Clinton on Saturday suspended her campaign ; endorsed Obama Mixed feelings among Democrats whether a joint ticket is a good idea
CNN  -- When it comes to Dakota Johnson , there are zero shades of gray . The 24-year-old actress , who 's poised to become a breakout star in 2015 's "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " has bluntly said that she 's an open book for her racy role . More unseen photos of Dakota Johnson in Elle "  I do n't have any problem doing anything , " Johnson tells Elle magazine of portraying Anastasia Steele , the young woman who gets a sexual education with a very steep learning curve in E.L. James ' erotic novel . "  The secret , " she says "  is I have no shame . " As the daughter of Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson , Dakota has been determined to act since adolescence . But it was n't until she was cast as Ana Steele -- much to the chagrin of some fans -- that she became more of a household name . Meet Jamie Dornan , your new celeb crush And it was n't just the sure-to-be-publicized sex scenes that drew Johnson in . "  Reading the book , I found myself more interested in the ways they were breaking each other down emotionally than the sex scenes , " Johnson explains to Elle . "  I think there 's a part of a woman that wants to be the thing that breaks a man down . " Or , perhaps , she wants to be the thing that breaks down an audience that did n't quite believe in her . Want to know more about Dakota ? We 've got you covered in our CNN 10 list of Hollywood 's freshest faces .	Dakota Johnson covers the March issue of Elle magazine The "  Fifty Shades of Grey " star talks about why she signed up for the part She 's also part of CNN Entertainment 's CNN 10 list
CNN  -- The European Union is dialing up the pressure on Iran , saying Monday it will cut off oil imports and freeze assets in an effort to starve the country 's nuclear program of funding . "  Today 's action demonstrates the EU 's growing concern about Iran 's nuclear programme , and our determination to increase peaceful , legitimate pressure on Iran to return to negotiations , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement from Brussels , Belgium . The sanctions freeze the assets of Iran 's central bank in European Union nations and ban the importation of Iranian oil to those countries . The measures also block European Union countries from exporting petrochemical equipment and technology to Iran , or trading diamonds and precious metals with the Middle Eastern state . The sanctions are necessary because Iran continues to defy United Nations resolutions regarding its nuclear program , Hague said . "  Iran has it in its power to end sanctions by changing course and addressing the concerns of the international community , " he said . Saudi prince : Why Iran wo n't close Strait of Hormuz U.S. officials welcomed the sanctions , with Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton saying in a joint statement Monday that the new measures will "  sharpen the choice for Iran 's leaders . " But Iran 's deputy foreign minister , Abbas Aragchi , said the measures will only harm the fragile economies of the European Union , according to the official Islamic Republic News Agency . "  Sanctions have proved ineffective in the past and will prove futile in the future , too , " IRNA quoted Aragchi as saying . The U.S. government took its own punitive action regarding Iran on Monday , with the Treasury Department targeting the nation 's third-largest bank , the state-owned Bank Tejarat , for allegedly working with other Iranian banks and firms subject to sanctions tied to Iran 's nuclear program . Read a summary of sanctions against Iran This step means "  all of Iran 's largest state-owned banks have been sanctioned by the U.S. based on their involvement in Iran 's illicit activities , " according to a statement from the U.S. government department . David S. Cohen , the U.S. Treasury undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence , called Bank Tejarat -- which has nearly 2,000 branches in Iran , plus branches in France and Takijistan -- "  one of Iran 's few remaining access points to the international financial system . "  Today 's sanction against Bank Tejarat will deepen Iran 's financial isolation , make its access to hard currency even more tenuous , and further impair Iran 's ability to finance its illicit nuclear program , " said Cohen . The International Atomic Energy Agency said shortly after the fresh oil sanctions were announced that officials from the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency will visit Iran January 29 to 31 "  to resolve all outstanding substantive issues . " How sanctions hit ordinary Iranians Inspectors are in and out of the country regularly , an agency spokeswoman said Monday , but a high-level visit of the kind taking place at the end of the month is more unusual . Top officials in Israel , which fears it would be a target of an Iranian nuclear weapon , welcomed the sanctions . "  This is a step in the right direction . ... Heavy and swift pressure on Iran is needed , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said , even as he warned that it is impossible to know what would come of the measures . "  For now , Iran continues to produce nuclear weapons without disturbance , " he said . Defense Minister Ehud Barak called the EU move "  highly important , " saying it set "  a new standard for the sanctions like never before . " Iran exports 2.2 . million barrels of oil a day , with about 18 % bound for European markets , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . The world consumes about 89 million barrels of oil per day . The European Union will allow contracts that are already in place to be fulfilled until July 1 , it said . Saudi Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi told CNN last week that his country could make up the difference if Iran was banned from exporting oil . Al-Naimi said the country has a spare capacity "  to respond to emergencies worldwide , to respond to our customer demand , and that is really the focus . Our focus is not on who drops out from production , but who wants more . " Tehran has threatened to close the Strait of Hormuz , the only outlet to and from the Persian Gulf , as it faces possible sanctions . The United States has made clear it will not let that happen . Iran : Stuck between U.S. and a hard place Seventeen million barrels of oil per day passed through the critical shipping lane in 2011 , according to the Energy Information Administration . The Iranian government gets about half its revenue from oil exports , according to the agency . Analysts have said that while the new sanctions are the toughest ever imposed , they still contain many loopholes . Iran is expected to still be able to sell its oil to places like China , India or other Asian countries , but perhaps at a discount of 10 % to 15 % . About 35 % of Iran 's oil exports currently go to China and India . Western leaders have been walking a fine line with Iran , working to come up with a plan that squeezes the country 's finances yet does n't result in a loss of Iranian oil exports , which could send crude and gasoline prices skyrocketing . The United States and United Kingdom have already put new measures in place against Iran , and Washington has been pressing allies , including Japan and South Korea , to stop buying Iranian oil . U.S. carrier defies Hormuz threat On Friday , EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton challenged Iran to respond to an offer she made in a letter last October . Ashton wrote that world powers are open to negotiations if Iran is serious about addressing its nuclear program without preconditions . Her office released the letter on Friday . Ashton 's spokesperson pointedly noted , "  We are waiting for the Iranian reaction . " Ashton wrote that the West wants to "  engage in a confidence-building exercise " that would lead to a "  constructive dialogue " and a "  step by step approach " in which Iran would assure the international community that its nuclear program is peaceful . Clinton told reporters in Washington that "  we stand by that letter . " "  They have to give up their nuclear weapons program ... and they have to be willing to come to the table with a plan to do that , " she said . Clinton made the comments Friday after a meeting at the State Department with German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle . The German minister was blunt in his assessment of Iran 's actions : "  Tehran keeps violating its international obligations on the transparency of its nuclear program . We have no choice but to pass tough new sanctions that address the financial sources of the nuclear program . " Iran says its nuclear program is not military , but the United States and many of its allies suspect Iran intends to produce a bomb . The International Atomic Energy Agency has expressed similar concerns . "  One thing is clear , " Westerwelle added . "  The door for serious dialogue remains open , but the option of nuclear weapons in Iran is not acceptable to both of us . " CNN international affairs correspondent Jill Dougherty , CNNMoney 's Steve Hargreaves , and CNN 's Claudia Rebaza , David Wilkinson and Guy Azriel contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. government announces sanctions against Iran 's third-largest bank European Union bans Iranian oil imports , freezes Iranian central bank assets The move is designed to get Iran to give up its nuclear program Iran 's deputy foreign minister says sanctions wo n't solve anything
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Four active-duty U.S. soldiers -- three of them elite Army Rangers -- have been arrested and charged with planning to rob drug traffickers . A courtroom sketch shows David White , left , Stefan Champagne , center , and Carlos Lopez . Wearing street clothes , Rangers Carlos Lopez , 30 , and David Ray White , 28 , and Army medic Stefan Andre Champagne , 28 , appeared in federal court Friday . They 're charged with conspiracy to possess and distribute cocaine and with carrying firearms in connection with that conspiracy . U.S. Magistrate Judge Alan Baverman ordered them held in custody until a preliminary hearing Wednesday . Another Ranger , Randy Spivey , 32 , is scheduled to appear in court Monday . "  It is a sad day when members of one of America 's most elite corps of soldiers , the Army Rangers , are alleged to have become involved in criminal activity , " U.S. Attorney David E. Nahmias said of the case . "  These men were trained to defend the people and principles of this country , not to use their skills to steal cocaine from drug dealers at gunpoint . " Lopez , White and Champagne were arrested Thursday at a storage facility in Sandy Springs , Georgia , a suburb just north of Atlanta , by agents of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives who had set up a sting operation . Spivey was apprehended at Camp Frank D. Merrill , an Army Ranger training center in Dahlonega , Georgia , on Friday , the ATF said . Dahlonega is about 60 miles north of Atlanta . Lopez , White and Champagne were to commit the robbery while Spivey covered for them back at the camp , where the men are stationed , according to an affidavit filed with U.S. District Court . All four were to get a cut of the spoils of the robbery , the affidavit from ATF Agent Brett Turner says . The investigation began in November , when the ATF "  became aware " that some soldiers were interested in robbing drug dealers of their cocaine , Turner says . He posed as a disaffected security guard for the drug traffickers who wanted to "  rip them off . " The first try to set up the "  robbery " failed , but a second attempt earlier this month succeeded , leading to the arrests at the storage facility and , a day later , the Ranger camp . A subsequent search found that Lopez , White and Champagne were carrying semiautomatic pistols and had an AR-15 assault rifle and a field pouch with 15 magazines of ammunition for it in their vehicle . Agents also found a ski mask , binoculars and a Taser among the items the men brought with them . The four soldiers face minimum mandatory sentences of 10 years in prison each for the drug conspiracy and an additional five years , consecutive , for the weapons allegation . The Army Rangers are an elite light infantry fighting force capable of deploying anywhere in the world within 18 hours . They became a permanent presence in the U.S. military in the 1970s . From the Colonial Era until that time , Rangers were activated for specific missions or conflicts and then deactivated when their work was completed . E-mail to a friend	Arrests made after ATF agents set up a sting operation Affidavit : ATF "  became aware " some soldiers wanted to rob dealers of their cocaine The investigation began in November The Army Rangers are an elite light infantry fighting force
CNN  -- Federal support for renewable power helped the United States reclaim from China the title of the world 's biggest investor in clean energy , researchers for the nonprofit Pew Charitable Trusts reported Wednesday . The $ 48 billion in U.S. private investment in technology such as wind turbines and solar panels in 2011 edged out China 's $ 45.5 billion , Pew researchers found in a new study . Worldwide , investors put $ 263 billion into renewable energy projects last year -- a 6.5 % increase over 2010 -- and the cost of producing electricity from solar power was cut in half , the study found . But the U.S. gains have been boosted by government incentives , including provisions of the 2009 economic stimulus package , that are due to disappear within two years , said Phyllis Cuttino , director of Pew 's clean energy programs . "  Those countries that have long-term policies in place are the ones that have had consistent growth , " Cuttino told CNN . "  And we do n't have that . " And while U.S. investors have been ponying up while the incentives are in place , much of that money is going into projects overseas -- and America is importing the resulting products . "  The United States is , frankly , missing an opportunity if we do not manufacture and export to these counties with growing middle classes who are going to be purchasing these products , " Cuttino said . Solar , wind , biomass and small-scale hydroelectric projects installed worldwide had the capability to produce about 565 billion watts , or 565 gigawatts , of electricity in 2011 , the report found . That 's about 10 percent of the worldwide total , and roughly enough to reduce carbon emissions most scientists blame for a warming climate by between 3 % to 6 % , according to analysts at the Breakthrough Institute , a California-based think tank that concentrates on energy and the environment . In the United States , renewables other than hydroelectric provide about 4.7 % of U.S. generating capacity , according to figures from the U.S. Energy Information Administration . Germany saw the third-largest investment in alternative energy with nearly $ 31 billion in 2011 , even though that figure was down 5 % from 2010 , the Pew report found . The Germans added more than 7 gigawatts of solar energy capacity in 2011 , while Italian investments grew by nearly 40 % to $ 28 billion . Italy added about 8 gigawatts of solar energy , mostly in small-scale projects . And India saw a 54 percent increase in support for clean energy . Indian projects grew to $ 10.2 billion , adding 2.8 gigawatts in wind power . Germany and China have boosted their green energy sector "  through consistent policies , " by setting targets for new generating capacity , the report said . "  What that tells investors is , ` Go there -- they 're in it for the long term , ' " Cuttino said . "  They 're not going to let that expire in 2013 . " Meanwhile , no new U.S. wind projects have been commissioned for 2014 , she said . The United States is also seeing a boom in cheap natural gas , which produces fewer carbon emissions than coal or oil . And in the past year , the collapse of the solar energy firm Solyndra has cast a pall over alternative energy funding in the United States . Solyndra filed for bankruptcy in 2011 after receiving more than $ 535 million in federal loan guarantees , putting more than 1,000 people out of work . President Barack Obama 's Republican opposition has attacked the loan-guarantee program as "  crony capitalism , " accusing Solyndra of receiving special treatment because a key investor was an Obama fundraiser , but supporters say the company was undermined by the explosive growth of China 's solar industry . Cuttino said companies are going to fail as the renewable power industry grows , comparing it to the early years of the automobile industry . "  There were over 100 companies trying to make cars at the turn of the century , " she said . "  And now we basically have three . "	Government incentives boost U.S. investment in green power , Pew says But many of those incentives will expire in the next two years Countries that have long-term policies draw more investment
Washington  CNN  -- Dressed in yellow full-body sanitation suits , members of the U.S. Park Police combed through tents in the Occupy DC camp Saturday , taking down ones violating park policies . The owners of the tossed tents and other protesters were agitated by the move , but there was little unrest at McPherson Square in downtown Washington . Park police in riot gear first entered at dawn Saturday , and said they were not there to evict protesters , but to check for compliance with "  no camping " laws . Still , at one point , there was a confrontation between protesters and riot police . The move comes after a federal judge Tuesday rejected an Occupy DC demonstrator 's request to keep park police from enforcing a ban on camping in McPherson park and nearby Freedom Plaza . Living in a public park as a means of protest is not protected by the First Amendment , Judge James Boasberg ruled . The operation was a success and a majority of those in the park cooperated with police , park police spokesman David Schlosser said . Eight people were arrested in the confrontation with police , he said . Four for failure to obey a lawful order , and three for crossing a police line . Another person was arrested for felony assault on an officer and assault with a deadly weapon after Schlosser said the man threw a brick at one of the officers . The officer was treated at a hospital for non-life-threatening injuries , Schlosser said . "  The United States Park Police continue to support the right of people to exercise their constitutionally protected rights , " he said . Protesters heckled him as he briefed reporters early Saturday . As he spoke , the officer was interrupted by someone who made a rooster sound , and others made ghost-like noises in the background . "  In some of the tents we found urine-soaked bedding materials , bottles of urine , " noted Schlosser . "  In some of the tents we found some dead rats . We also found some live rats , with some rat families . " Authorities told protesters Monday that they had to remove camping gear such as sleeping bags and housekeeping materials , but could keep their tents as long as one flap remains open at all times . On Saturday , police began removing the tents from the park that had camping gear inside . Protesters complained and accused the officers of taking down tents that were not in violation . At the outset of their search , police found only one compliant tent , and took down there rest . Once the inspection is complete , the park will be reopened to the public , Schlosser said . Occupy DC is part of a larger activist movement that began last year in New York and quickly spread across the country . While the protesters have highlighted a number of causes , the overarching theme has remained largely the same : populist anger over what activists portray as an out-of-touch corporate , financial and political elite . CNN 's Jonathan Helman , Greg Clary and Courtney Battle contributed to this report .	NEW : Eight people have been arrested , including one for felony assault An Occupy DC demonstrator failed this week in a court bid to overturn the ban Occupy DC is part of a larger activist movement that began last year in New York
CNN  -- Firefighters were battling a blaze at a Venezuelan refinery Sunday after a lightning strike , a top official in the country 's state oil company said . Lightning struck Sunday afternoon at a Petroleos de Venezuela refinery in the northern city of Puerto La Cruz , causing an explosion and subsequent fire , company Vice President Asdrubal Chavez said . No injuries have been reported , Chavez said . Authorities are evacuating residents who live near the refinery , Anzoategui state Gov. Aristobulo Isturiz said . Officials said lightning struck a pond at the refinery around 3:15 p.m. Sunday . Video of the scene shows bright orange flames shooting up from the ground and a column of thick , black smoke rising far above the refinery . In a Twitter post , Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said he was in close contact with teams on the ground . The state oil company describes the Puerto La Cruz refinery as one of its "  most important centers of crude oil processing . " About 1,000 workers are based at the facility , the company said . Report : Venezuela 's state-run refineries afflicted by mismanagement CNN 's Claudia Rebaza and Ana Melgar contributed to this report .	NEW : Venezuela 's president says he 's monitoring the situation NEW : Video shows a column of thick , black smoke rising above the facility Lightning strikes at a Venezuelan refinery , sparking a fire An official says no injuries have been reported from the blast and subsequent blaze
Health officials are reporting new cases of the chikungunya virus in Cuba and the United States . The debilitating virus has been spreading in the Caribbean through infected mosquitoes since December , according to the World Health Organization . On Thursday , the Georgia Department of Public Health confirmed the state 's first case of chikungunya . Health officials say the patient was infected during a recent trip to a Caribbean nation . Recent cases have also been reported in North Carolina and Tennessee , with a total of 57 infections reported to the CDC this year , according to a CDC spokesperson . Six chikungunya infections have also been documented in Cuba , according to a local paper , which references the Cuban Ministry of Public Health . The paper says the patients were frequent travelers to Haiti and the Dominican Republic . Close to 5,000 chikungunya cases have been confirmed in the Caribbean this year , according to the Pan American Health Organization  PDF  ; more than 160,000 cases are suspected . Locales with the virus include the Dominican Republic , Haiti , Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands . Experts say American tourists are bringing chikungunya back home , and it 's just a matter of time before it starts to spread within the United States . New to the Americas , the virus , which causes fever and joint pain that can become chronic , has no cure or vaccine . Preventing mosquito bites is key to avoiding infection . Experts offer these basic tips : • Use bug spray if you are going out , especially in tropical or wooded areas near water . • Get rid of standing water ; empty plastic pools , flower pots and pet dishes so mosquitoes do n't breed in them . • Dress appropriately in long sleeves and pants . Mosquito-borne virus worries CDC	Chikungunya virus has spread to Cuba , health officials say A case was also just confirmed in the U.S. state of Georgia 100,000 chikungunya cases have been documented in the Caribbean this year
SANTIAGO , Dominican Republic  CNN  -- This Caribbean city already known for cigars , furniture , chocolate and coffee may become a magnet for Americans seeking controversial stem cell therapy for life-threatening illnesses if a Florida cardiologist has his way . Dr. Zannos Grekos , a Florida cardiologist , says he 's had success with stem-cell therapy in the Dominican Republic . The Food and Drug Administration has not approved this stem cell therapy in the United States because no clinical trials to prove its effectiveness have been done . But Dr. Zannos Grekos says his company , Regenocyte Therapeutic , has successfully used adult stem cells to treat patients with heart and lung disease . Grekos said he and his associates draw blood from a patient in Florida and then send it to a laboratory in Israel that produces what his company calls "  regenocytes . " The company defines regenocyte as "  a stem cell that has been activated to become a target organ . " "  These procedures work , " he told CNN , standing inside a hospital room at the Clinica Union Medica del Norte in Santiago . "  And it 's substantiated by objective data that we are collecting . " But Grekos ' procedures have not been reviewed by other researchers , and leading scientists involved in U.S. stem cell research efforts say Grekos is simply wrong . Dr. Irving Weissman , president-elect of the International Society for Stem Cell Research , told CNN , "  There is no such cell . There is nothing called a ` regenocyte . ' " "  As a stem cell scientist who works in the field of regenerative stem cells , I am disappointed and shocked that somebody would prey on a family that has an untreatable disease with the promise of a therapy that has no scientific or medical basis , " Weissman said . Grekos has a busy practice in Bonita Springs , Florida , outside Naples , and runs a company that promotes and administers stem cell therapies in Santiago , a noisy , crowded industrial city in the central Dominican Republic . He told CNN that in the past 18 months , about 100 patients have received adult stem cell therapy at a Dominican hospital . Most of them have been patients with severe heart disease , while the rest have suffered from chronic lung illnesses , he said . He said the Israeli laboratories can produce between 40 million and 80 million stem cells from a patient 's blood sample . "  Then they also activate them and educate them to become the end organ to any tissues we are looking to regenerate , " Grekos said . Grekos said he makes no promise of results to his patients . He is collecting data from his procedures and has been in contact with a Florida hospital to independently review his findings , but that has n't happened yet , he said . He said he wants to present his data to the Food and Drug Administration by the end of 2009 , then ask the federal agency to accelerate its approval process . But Weissman said the FDA will not accept data from a physician if the doctor has a financial interest in the outcome . "  It is simply not done , " he said . The procedure is costly . Grekos said he charges $ 64,500 -- none of it covered by insurance . He said the cost is driven by the expense of processing the stem cells , and providing clean rooms and couriers who hand-carry the cells to Israel and back . A year ago , Barbara McKean of Naples , Florida , paid Regenocyte Therapeutic more than $ 54,000 for stem cell therapy in the Dominican Republic after suffering from chronic lung disease . She said she believes the therapy was worth the expense . "  Right away , the next morning , I felt a sense of well-being that I had n't felt in a long , long time , " McKean said . "  I know that I am living proof that this does work , " she added . "  I know that . " McKean 's family physician , Dr. Robert Folsom , confirmed to CNN that she had been suffering for many years from an advanced state of COPD , an incurable lung disease . Folsom told CNN he was "  quite incredulous " after seeing her condition improve . The chief medical officer of the American Lung Association , Dr. Norman Edelman , said he does not doubt the sincerity of patients who believe they have been helped by stem cell therapy . But he added , "  There 's an enormous placebo effect in almost all of these cases . " "  I have looked for the scientific efficacy of this approach , and can find none , " Edelman said . Folsom , who said he has been McKean 's family physician for many years , disputed any suggestion that her apparent recovery stemmed from a "  placebo effect " -- an improvement sometimes seen in patients who are given an inert substance in clinical trials . "  I know about the placebo effect , and her improvement does not seem to be a result of that , " he said . Grekos said his patients "  are getting better " under his treatment , but he has not yet applied for clinical trials in the United States because of the high cost . He shrugs off the criticism from people who doubt his claims , saying he -- and not they -- are on medicine 's cutting edge . Stem cell experts who reject his methods "  need to be better educated , " he said .	Florida cardiologist is administering stem cell therapy in Dominican Republic He claims he 's had success in turning stem cells into cells from target organ "  There is no such cell " as a "  regenocyte , " stem cell research expert says Therapy patient and her longtime physician say her improvement was significant
CNN  -- Louisiana authorities said Tuesday they found the body of a missing 6-year-old girl , stabbed and stuffed in a trash can down the street from her home . Ahlittia North had been missing since Saturday morning . Her mother awoke to find her gone from their apartment in the New Orleans suburb of Harvey . Late Tuesday night , authorities charged Matthew Flugence , the nephew of Ahlittia 's stepfather , in the girl 's death . The Jefferson Parish Sheriff 's Office said Flugence , 20 , often babysat for her . Flugence was arrested after he was spotted walking along a road in the area . He had a knife on him , Sheriff 's Col. John Fortunato said . Witnesses told authorities that Ahlittia was a friendly , outgoing child who always wanted to be first at the door when the doorbell rang , Normand said . After she was reported missing Saturday , investigators spent all day combing her neighborhood , looking in alleys , Dumpsters and boarded-up fourplexes . They found a pool of blood in one of the buildings , Normand said , and when DNA results came back Monday evening showing the blood belonged to Ahlittia , investigators searched the area again . That 's when they found the girl 's body in a garbage can , wrapped in a blanket from her house and covered in a garbage bag , Normand said . Investigators looked at the garbage can during their first search of the neighborhood , so they know the body was put inside sometime after Saturday -- but they still do n't know when , he said . It 's possible Ahlittia 's body was placed there so the garbage trucks would take it away . Normand said garbage collection in the neighborhood happens Tuesday mornings . Ahlittia suffered four stab wounds -- two to her neck , likely the fatal wounds , and two to the abdomen , Jefferson Parish Coroner Gerald Cvitanovich said . She also had bruises to the front and back of her head , shoulder , lower back , and lower extremities . Cvitanovich said were no obvious signs during an autopsy of sexual assault . Flugence 's brother Russell , 21 , was arrested for obstruction of justice in the case , Normand said . Russell Flugence had information about the crime that he did n't come forward with , and he also had information implicating his brother , the sheriff added . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : Police make an arrest Authorities say Matthew Flugence , 20 , babysat the girl in the past Ahlittia North was missing since Saturday morning Flugence 's brother is arrested for obstruction of justice
CNN  -- Shortly after Salwa Bugaighis posted the names of three security force members killed in Benghazi on Wednesday on her Facebook page , she became the fourth person to die in the Libyan city that day . Bugaighis , one of the most prominent faces of Libya 's 2011 revolution , was shot in the head in her own home . Local media reported she had also been stabbed several times . Bugaighis ' husband , Issam , was thought to have been with her in the house and is reported missing . Friends and family believe he was abducted by the attackers . Bugaighis was a lawyer , a human rights and women 's rights activist , and one of the first Libyans to take to the streets of Benghazi in February 2011 to protest against the regime of Moammar Gadhafi . Her assassination came hours after she cast her ballot in the country 's second parliamentary election since the revolution . Photos of her voting were circulated on social media within moments of the news of her death . "  The shocking , ruthless killing of Salwa Bugaighis robs Libyan civil society of one of its most courageous and esteemed figures . But sadly she is by no means the first activist struck down during the political violence that has plagued the country since the uprising and in its aftermath , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , Amnesty International 's Middle East and North Africa deputy director . "  The Libyan authorities must do everything possible to ensure that Salwa Bugaighis ' death is fully , independently and impartially investigated and that anyone responsible is held to account -- something they have patently failed to do in previous political killings . " ` True Libyan patriot ' Messages of support and mourning came from around the world . "  Outraged by senseless murder of Salwa Bugaighis . She was a courageous and inspiring leader . We join the Libyan people in mourning her loss , " White House national security adviser Susan Rice said in a tweet . Deborah K. Jones , the current U.S. Ambassador to Libya , wrote on her Twitter account : "  A cowardly , despicable , shameful act against a courageous woman and true Libyan patriot . Heartbreaking . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague also tweeted : "  Shocked and saddened by the killing of Salwa Bugaighis who was a passionate campaigner for the ideals of the revolution in Libya . " In a moving tribute , Human Rights Watch 's Peter Bouckaert said : "  On Wednesday , following countless threats against her and her family , Salwa was assassinated , shortly after she voted in Libya 's parliamentary election . With Salwa 's death , the original idealism of the 2011 uprising that overthrew Gadhafi 's tyranny has received another crushing blow , and many Libyan women have lost a role model . " Campaign of violence Over the past two years , the security situation in Benghazi -- the cradle of Libya 's revolution -- has seriously deteriorated . Bombings , kidnappings and killings have become near daily in a campaign of violence that has mainly targeted members of the security forces . Judges , activists and journalists have also been attacked . No group has claimed these attacks , but officials and Benghazi residents blame the violence on Islamist extremist groups that have grown in size and influence since the fall of the regime . Last month , Libyans mourned another known figure , an outspoken critic of extremist groups , newspaper editor Muftah Buzeid was shot dead in broad daylight while driving in Benghazi . Three years after being one of the first voices of the uprising and a founding member of the country 's first governing body -- the National Transitional Council -- Bugaighis had continued to work to establish a better country and achieve the goals of the revolution . More recently , she had been a member of the preparatory committee for national dialogue , working to bring together Libyans divided along regional , tribal and ideological lines . Despite the increasing threat from radical groups , Bugaighis continued her activism and remained unveiled in a city where only a few dared to . "  We believe that Salwa Bugaighis may have been targeted for both her political activism and her role in promoting women 's rights , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui . Libyans across the country took to social media , sharing their shock , grief , and anger . An online petition was started calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice . "  Salwa was always present , at those early demonstrations where she would march at the front and whisper to me , we 're not going to let them put us  women  at the back or in separate lines " said Huda Abuzeid , a friend of Bugaighis . "  She was always present , working tirelessly to support national dialogue and rule of law and still marching . An original leader of the revolution , a proud mother , an inspiring woman and supportive generous friend , she was charismatic , outspoken and fearless and she was always here . " Election day In a tragic postscript , Bugaighis plotted her final hours on her Facebook page . She began the day urging her fellow Libyans to go out that day and vote . "  The blood of our martyrs will not prevent us from exercising our constitutional duty for the nation , " she wrote . She then posted three photographs of herself voting at a polling station in Benghazi . The country 's new parliament is to be based in Benghazi despite the recent uptick in violence after a retired military general and his loyalist forces reclaimed the city from Islamist militants . Benghazi was also the city where U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens was killed by suspected Islamists in the U.S. Consulate in September , 2012 . Election day in Benghazi bought more violence , with Bugaighis posting photographs from her roof showing smoke rising in the distance from what she thought was a nearby international school after being hit by gunfire . She later rang in to Libya TV and described the sound of fighting near her home as militants fought with the military . Gunfire could be heard in the background . ` More than just words ' Family members and friends said Bugaighis and her family moved overseas early this year . She and her husband only returned recently to the city . "  What now ? Does she become just another poster to carry ? Another name lost ? Another death that we owe a debt to ? That 's all I will hold onto now ... we have a responsibility that those who murdered her , in her own home will not be the winners , " Abuzeid said in a Facebook post . "  Because we will not , can not , let those murdering cowardly scum write the end of this story ... That 's what we owe Salwa , Salwa who went back to Benghazi and amidst the fighting went out and took part and voted , who spoke out , who worried about those being killed , who did more than just talk , " Abuzeid wrote . "  She did her part and however much it pains us , anything other than carrying on and doing our part is a betrayal to her and all those who have died ... her family , Libya and she deserve more from us than just words ... " Libyan communities overseas are planning several memorial events this weekend .	Lawyer and activist Salwa Bugaighis was shot , stabbed in her Benghazi home June 25 Bugaighis ' husband is thought to have been at home during the attack and is now listed missing Libyans from across the country took to social media , sharing their shock , grief , and anger Bugaighis had earlier urged Libyans to vote in their second parliamentary poll since 2011
CNN  Do n't try to drive over these bridges . These rocky natural spans were formed over millennia by the flowing waters of a stream or other water source , which slowly eroded away the rock to create the shape of a bridge . But are they arches or bridges ? The Natural Arch and Bridge Society , whose Indiana Jones-like members go hunting for these rock formations around the world , makes this distinction : A natural arch is made of rock , with a hole formed by natural forces , they say . A natural bridge is a type of arch , where water is the natural force making the hole . Erosion created these magnificent structures , and erosion will eventually take them down . One such wonder was Aruba 's Natural Bridge , which was first formed by pounding surf eroding its coral limestone . The 100-foot-span gave way and collapsed in 2005 .  The smaller Baby Bridge is still standing nearby . Here are 15 spectacular natural bridges around the world . America 's crazy rock formations Green Bridge of Wales , United Kingdom One of the most famous spots in Wales , the Green Bridge of Wales and the rocky Pembrokeshire coastline , are part of a national park . Nearby you can also spot the Stack Rocks , known as the Elegug Stacks in Welsh . Eventually it 's expected that the ocean will wear away the Green Bridge and the middle will collapse , turning it into stacks . Visitors who continue along the coast to see Pen-y-Holt Stack should note that it 's in a British Army range and must be visited through walks organized by the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority . Ayres Natural Bridge , Wyoming Not all the glory of Wyoming is found at its two internationally famous Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Parks in the northwestern part of the state . Less well-known but worth the visit is the majestic Ayres Natural Bridge in eastern Wyoming , about 40 miles east of Casper . The 50-foot tall , 100-foot-long natural bridge over LaPrele Creek is the star of this 22-acre park . Natural Bridges National Monument , Utah As streams cut into the canyon walls and flash floods further weakened them , the three mighty bridges at Natural Bridges National Monument in the southeastern corner of Utah were carved over millions of years . The area was declared a national monument in 1908 , and the three bridges were given the Hopi names "  Owachomo , " "  Kachina " and "  Sipapu " in 1909 . Further erosion has made the once thick and mighty Owachomo Bridge more delicate . While still massive and strong , Kachina Bridge did lose 4,000 tons of rock in 1992 . Pont d'Arc , France A natural bridge formed by the Ardeche River in the south of France , the Pont d'Arc has a world-famous neighbor : the Chauvet cave paintings , the world 's oldest known such works , which date back 36,000 years . Top 25 amusement parks around the world Discovered in 1994 , the site was named a UNESCO World Heritage Site this year . But the region 's natural beauty is also a national treasure . Classified as a French national heritage site in 1982 , the 54-meter-long  177-foot-long  natural arch is the only French example of a natural bridge spanning a still-flowing river . It 's also a gateway to the river canyon . Natural Bridges State Beach , California A famous natural bridge anchors this Santa Cruz beach , which is best known for its tide pools -- go exploring at low tide -- and seasonal monarch butterfly residents . Up to 100,000 monarchs typically move into the state beach 's Monarch Grove in mid-October , and they depart the following January or February . There 's a party in October to welcome them , and seasonal tours are available . London Bridge , Australia Australia 's Port Campbell National Park is best known for the Twelve Apostles , towering limestone rock stacks carved by the Southern Ocean . The ocean is still working on the rock , with seven of eight formations still standing . But there 's another gem in this park about 275 kilometers west of Melbourne : London Bridge , a natural offshore rock span that partially collapsed in 1990 and became a bridge without a connection .  People standing on the rocks were stranded when the middle collapsed and had to be rescued via helicopter .  It 's a good idea to stay on the accessible walking paths and scenic drives along the coast . Spectacular waterfalls around the U.S. Fairy Bridge , China China has quite a collection of natural bridges , including one that experts say has the longest span of any natural bridge in the world . The Fairy Bridge  Xianren Qiao  , in southwestern China 's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region near the border with Vietnam , has a 400-foot span . Not that the bridge made of limestone karst is easy to measure . Members of the Natural Arch and Bridge Society took a boat to the site in 2010 and used laser equipment to measure the span , calling it the "  longest known natural arch in the world , by a wide margin . " Pravcicka Brana , Czech Republic Hans Christian Andersen wrote part of "  The Snow Queen " in Bohemian Switzerland , and several scenes from the Chronicles of Narnia were shot here . It 's no wonder : The fairytale landscape of this region , now part of the Czech Republic , is magical . Go see its most well-known symbol : the Pravcicka Brana , a natural bridge standing tall in Bohemian Switzerland National Park , now part of the Czech Republic . While there are many rock formations rising up amid the forests and valleys in the park , Pravcicka Brana is the largest stone bridge on the European continent , with a span of 27 meters  nearly 90 feet  and a height of 21 meters  nearly 70 feet  . Wadi Rum , Jordan Bedouin tribes still live in goat-hair tents in the Wadi Rum Protected Area of southern Jordan , which is 720 square kilometers  about 278 square miles  of mostly desert wilderness . Among the sandstone and granite mountains and valleys are natural bridges rising up to greet you . Although visitors can take private cars or hike on foot to explore the bridges and the region , Bedouin cooperatives offer tours via basic Jeep or pickup trucks . And if you want a real adventure , book a camel ride to explore the area and overnight in a Bedouin camp . Cliffside beaches around the world Natural Bridge at Yoho National Park , Canada While many nature loving explorers head to Canada 's famous Banff National Park , there are tall peaks , amazing waterfalls and a spectacular natural bridge to be found to the west at Yoho National Park . Located on the western slopes of the Canadian Rocky Mountains in British Columbia , Yoho definitely lives up to its name  a Cree expression of awe and wonder  . Travelers can witness Kicking Horse River still carving its path through this natural bridge . Tassili n'Ajjer , Algeria It 's true that southeastern Algeria 's Tassili n'Ajjer , named a World Heritage Site in 1982 , is better known for more than 15,000 drawings and engravings dating back to 6,000 B.C. . The drawings record climate change and human life in the region . But tucked away in this tense region at the edge of the Sahara , near the border with Libya , Mali and Niger , this spot was also recognized as a UNESCO site for its remarkable collection of natural bridges and rock formations dense enough to be called "  rock forests . " The eroding sandstone "  forests of rock " document the environmental changes , marking major climate change and geological transformation over the millennia . Water and wind have shaped this magical , lunar-like landscape . Natural Bridge , Virginia Long considered sacred by the Monacans , Virginia 's Natural Bridge was one of this English colony 's earliest recognized natural wonders . The bridge was created by an underground stream flowing through a cave , whose roof collapsed , according to the arch society . It even had a famous owner : Thomas Jefferson bought the surrounding land and bridge from King George III of England in 1774 , before the young republic 's founding . A National Historic Landmark , the land in Rockbridge County remained in the hands of private owners for centuries . Now the state of Virginia has announced plans to turn the land into a park by the end of 2015 . Cueva de los Portales , Cuba In the western Cuban province of Pinar del Rio lies the Cueva de los Portales , a cavernous area near the Parque Nacional La Guira . The Río Caiguanabo flows beneath a natural bridge , which is connected to a cave that served as one of revolutionary leader Ernesto "  Che " Guevara 's hideouts during the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis . The area is now popular with birdwatchers . Hazarchishma Natural Bridge , Afghanistan When Wildlife Conservation Society researchers traveled to Afghanistan in 2010 to conduct a wildlife survey in the troubled country , they discovered an enormous natural bridge that may be one of the largest in the world . They returned to Hazarchishma Natural Bridge , in the central highlands of Afghanistan , in 2011 to take measurements . The bridge , which is named after a local village , is more than 60 feet high , has a span of more than 200 feet across its base and rises more than 3,000 meters  nearly 10,000 feet  above sea level . It was created over the millennia by the then-flowing waters of the dry Jawzari Canyon . Lexington Arch , Nevada Is it a natural bridge ? A cornerstone of Great Basin National Park in Nevada , the Lexington Arch may actually be a bridge . There 's evidence to suggest that the waters of Lexington Creek flowed through a cave in the canyon wall long ago , expanding the tunnel that 's now Lexington Arch . Debate the question as you marvel at one of the few natural arches in the west made of limestone rather than sandstone .	Natural arches around the world are made of rock , with a hole formed by natural forces Natural bridges are arches where water is the force making the hole Stunning natural bridges can be found all over the world The world 's longest is the Fairy Bridge in China , experts say
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- As Afghan authorities announced the arrest of an alleged militant for planning last week 's assault on Kabul , a bomber targeted a U.S. base outside the capital , the latest attempt by militants to strike the seat of Western and Afghan power . The NATO-led command said the latest explosion occurred around 5 p.m. Tuesday outside the main gate at Camp Phoenix , a U.S. military base on the outskirts of the capital . It said initial reports indicate that the blast was caused by a vehicle bomb , but did not release any casualty figures . The Taliban has claimed responsibility for the attack , authorities said . An Afghan military official at the scene of the strike said the vehicle blast injured eight Afghan civilians and two U.S. service members , and an eyewitness showed CNN digital camera photos of about 11 or 12 injured people . Taliban spokesman Zabullah Mujahid claimed in a text message that the strike killed 25 soldiers and damaged three tanks . Afghan soldiers cordoned off the area about 60 meters , or more than 65 yards , from the blast . The latest explosion erupted eight days after a dramatic and well-coordinated assault on key government sites in Kabul killed five people and wounded more than 70 others . The January 18 strike was particularly audacious because militants penetrated the Afghan government 's power centers as members of Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's Cabinet were to be sworn into office . The National Directorate of Security on Tuesday announced the arrest of a 29-year-old man named Kamulddin in connection with the attack and released a video of him confessing to the coordinated strike . In the video , Kamulddin said the plan was hatched in Pakistan by the Haqqani network , a militant group with ties to al Qaeda and the Taliban . An NDS spokesman confirmed the network ordered the assault and confirmed that the attack was planned outside of Afghanistan . About 20 Taliban insurgents entered the presidential palace ; the ministries of Finance , Mines and Justice ; and the Serena Hotel , an Afghan government spokesman said . NATO-led forces said "  several small explosions " and gunfire were reported near the Feroshgah-e-Afghan Shopping Center and the Serena Hotel , and later added that "  numerous " suicide bombers had attacked government buildings close to the presidential palace and the Ministry of Justice . Seized around 24 hours after the strike , Kamulddin said he sheltered suicide attackers in his Kabul house , and the men had weapons and explosive-laden vests . Along with the bombers , there were three or four attack coordinators , Kamulddin said in the video . The Afghan Taliban initially claimed responsibility for the blast , but Kamulddin said the plan was organized in Pakistan by the Haqqani network , a group with cross-border ties to Taliban militants and believed to be behind a majority of the suicide attacks in the country . The network has a presence in southeastern Afghanistan and the Pakistani tribal region . NDS spokesman Sayed Ansari also said the NDS arrested five people for their alleged roles in other attacks , including a September 2 bombing that killed Abdullah Abdullah Laghmani , the deputy head of the NDS . Raids across Afghanistan late Monday and Tuesday led to the detention of insurgents , the discovery of weapons and the killing of at least one militant , according to releases from NATO 's International Security Assistance Force . ISAF forces killed "  several armed insurgents "  on Tuesday in Konar province , in eastern Afghanistan with an airstrike targeting insurgents seen "  maneuvering to a fighting position previously used to stage attacks . " International forces have been bulking up their troop presence in recent months to counter militants . In the latest move , Chancellor Angela Merkel said Germany will send 500 more troops to Afghanistan to work in security and training . ISAF said that nation has more than 4,200 troops in the country . -- CNN 's Atia Abawi and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report	Taliban claims responsibility for attack near U.S. base outside Kabul Militant group says attack killed at least 25 soldiers Security forces arrest man over last week 's assault on government sites in Kabul Militants wielding bombs and firearms killed at least five people , including two policemen
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Sunday could not have begun any better for South Africa 's ruling African National Congress , the party of Nelson Mandela . As the autumn sun rose and warmed the seats of the 95,000-seater , calabash-shaped FNB Stadium , supporters poured in from across the country . By mid-morning the stadium was packed to the rafters . The beautiful , melodic songs used by activists through the years of struggle against apartheid until 1994 when Mandela was voted into power filled the stadium . Party activists crowed about the party 's pulling power : no other political party in the country has yet managed to fill the stadium . This was the last political rally before new South Africa 's fifth democratic elections are held . All the major parties staged political rallies , but the ANC sought to present a show of force as it attempts to swat off challenges from the relentless opposition Democratic Alliance and the upstart , Left-wing Economic Freedom Fighters launched a few months ago by expelled former ANC Youth leader Julius Malema . Then the ANC 's leader , President Jacob Zuma , rose to address the packed stadium . Within half an hour of his plowing into a statistics-laden speech , nearly half the stadium seats were empty . A laborious and monotonous speaker at best , Zuma struggled through the speech , igniting only a few rounds of applause from die-hard supporters in the hour-long delivery . It was only at the end , when he burst into his election signature song Yinde Lendlela  "  This Road Is Long , " as opposed to his other favorite , "  Give Me My Machine Gun "  that some energy returned to the crowd . The scandal-soaked Zuma -- who was booed in front of U.S. President Barack Obama , Cuba 's Raul Castro and other world leaders at the same stadium on December 10 last year during the memorial service for Nelson Mandela -- has become the most divisive figure in South African politics today and the pivot around which electioneering and questions about the country 's future have swung . As he spoke , a scandal about the national ombudsman 's report into how he unduly benefited from the building of a $ 25 million palace for him at his rural KwaZulu Natal village was intensifying . A $ 200 million town is also being built near his home , claimed a newspaper . Other scandals have wracked his administration since he came to power in 2009 . Questions continue to be raised about his closeness to an Indian family that employs his son and wife and which landed a private jet filled with 200 wedding guests from India at a top-security military base ; his evasion of more than 700 charges of fraud and corruption due to the influence of intelligence services and numerous suspect business connections by members of his family . In all these cases , Zuma has said that he did not know and that people abused his name to gain favor . Yet , despite the cocktail of scandals and gaffes that engulf Zuma , there is no doubt here that the ANC will win the election on Wednesday and Zuma will be returned to the presidency . According to a South African Sunday Times poll released on May 4 , the ANC will get 63.9 % of the vote , down from the 65.9 % the party won in the 2009 general election . The opposition DA will increase its support to 23.7 % while Malema 's EFF party is expected to get 4.7 % . If there is so much disenchantment with Zuma , then , why is he headed for victory ? History , for one . In Zuma 's speech on Sunday he went through a long list of achievements by the ANC in the 20 years of democracy . It is an impressive roll call : ubiquitous access to water , electricity and health services . About 16 million people are now on social grants while there is universal access to no-fee schools . The dignity of full citizenship has been restored to blacks like me , a powerful , deep act that resonates with many . We still enjoy a free and vigorous press , despite iniquitous new legislation waiting to be enacted by Zuma that will criminalize much newsgathering . Yet this narrative -- which the ANC has harnessed in its election slogan : "  We have a good story to tell " -- is incomplete . Violent strikes over poor services are on a sharp increase , with the SA Police Services reporting a total of 569 protests in three months in South Africa 's wealthiest province , Gauteng . About 122 of these turned violent . Reports of corruption are on the increase , with Transparency International 's 2013 global Corruption Perception Index showing that South Africa has dropped 17 places since Zuma came to power in 2009 . South Africa is currently ranked 72 out of 175 countries . The economy is taking a beating under Zuma , with paltry GDP growth of 1.9 % last year and unemployment at 24.1 %  narrowly defined  or a staggering 36 % if one includes those who have given up looking for work . The EFF has found fertile ground among these disaffected youth , with an estimated 30,000 young people turning up to listen to Malema giving his final election speech on Sunday . So what happens after Wednesday ? Increasingly , South Africa feels like a country caught between its past and its future . For many , the ANC represents the triumph against a heinous apartheid system . The memory of Mandela , so central to that victory , is still fresh . Leaving this party of freedom , which has enjoyed near 70 % majorities in the late 1990s and early 2000s , feels like a betrayal of the struggle for freedom . Yet , slowly , all that is changing . A 63 % win by the ANC , for example , will mean that the party is experiencing its second significant decline in two successive elections . With the growing discontent about its government , it is unlikely that it will claw back these losses at the next election in 2019 . The opposition DA , for long regarded as a "  white party , " is swiftly transforming . Advised by Barack Obama and Bill Clinton 's former pollster , Stan Greenberg , it has encouraged the emergence of credible young black leaders . The EFF , in just five months , has become a force to be reckoned with . But both parties are only likely to give the ANC a real run for its money in the 2019 and 2024 elections . Many are hoping that the ANC will get a scare in these elections and begin to reflect on some of its failures . Among these would be assessing the damage done to the party by Zuma 's scandals , and a return to some regard for the people . Indeed , speculation is rife that Zuma may be ousted should the ANC 's showing in this election fall to 60 % . That is unlikely . Zuma controls about 75 % of the ANC 's national executive committee , and it is unlikely that his allies in that powerful body would cut him loose . Given that scenario , he will continue to inflict damage on the party of Mandela -- and on the nation 's fortunes . That would open the window for a stronger challenge from the opposition in 2019 and beyond . On the other hand , President Zuma could attempt to introduce serious economic reforms to build a proud legacy for himself . That , too , seems unlikely . And so South Africa finds itself caught in a slow , glacial even , journey towards a multi-party future . Loyalty to its past heroes continues to hold it hostage .	South Africa 's fifth democratic elections are held this Wednesday - first since Nelson Mandela 's death President Jacob Zuma is most divisive figure in South African politics today , says Justice Malala Malala : Several scandals have wracked his administration since he came to power in 2009 He predicts Zuma will win power , but ANC will lose share of the vote
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Cartoonist Jerry Robinson , who worked on the earliest Batman comics and claimed credit for creating the super-villain The Joker , died Thursday at the age of 89 , his family confirmed . "  Batman has lost another father , " Batman movie producer Michael Uslan said . "  Farewell to my dear , dear friend , mentor and idol , Jerry Robinson . " Spider-man co-creator Stan Lee , who was with rival Marvel Comics , called him "  a genuine talent and a genuine gentleman . " "  Jerry Robinson was not only one of the finest artists ever to illustrate comic books , but he was also the head of an editorial syndicate which made cartoons available worldwide , as well as being an inspiration to young artists , whom he always found time to help and advise , " Lee said . Robinson , in a panel discussion at New York Comic Con in 2009 , said he was a 17-year-old creative writing student at Columbia University when he was hired as a writer and illustrator at DC Comics . Though he was initially just assisting Batman creators Bob Kane and Bill Finger , his chance to create The Joker came in 1940 , when the demand for more Batman stories overloaded Finger . "  This was going to be a problem , so I volunteered to do one of the stories , " Robinson said . He handed in the work for a grade in his college creative writing class , he said . "  I wanted a very strong villain , because I thought that 's going to carry the story , " Robinson said . "  Villains are more exciting . " He wanted his villain to have a sense of humor , and "  in a space of hours " one night "  somehow The Joker came out , " Robinson said . The first Joker image was modeled out of the joker card in a deck of playing cards , he said . "  It 's extraordinary what 's happened over the years , " he said . Cesar Romero played The Joker in the 1960 television Batman TV series , followed by Jack Nicholson 's and Heath Ledger 's portrayals in Batman films . "  His creative work is immortal as co-creator of The Joker , Robin the Boy Wonder , and the visualizations of Alfred , The Penguin and many more , " Uslan said . "  Jerry elevated comic books as art and fought for respectability for all his fellow artists . " Robinson 's role in the creation of The Joker is a long-running controversy in the comics industry . Kane downplayed Robinson as his assistant at the time . But those now working for the DC Entertainment issued statements Thursday making it clear they credit Robinson for his creative contributions . "  Jerry Robinson illustrated some of the defining images of pop culture 's greatest icons , " DC Entertainment Co-Publisher Jim Lee said . "  As an artist myself , it 's impossible not to feel humbled by his body of work . Everyone who loves comics owes Jerry a debt of gratitude for the rich legacy that he leaves behind . " "  It 's impossible to work at DC Entertainment without feeling the impact of Jerry Robinson 's contributions to the industry , " DC Entertainment Editor-in-Chief Bob Harras said . "  His influence continues to resonate today . "	"  Batman has lost another father , " Batman movie producer Michael Uslan says Exec : Robinson "  illustrated some of the defining images of pop culture 's greatest icons " Robinson claimed creation of the Joker , but others dispute his role "  I wanted a very strong villain , because I thought that 's going to carry the story , " Robinson said
Washington  CNN  -- A handful of Republican senators have proposed a constitutional amendment to limit how long a person may serve in Congress . Currently , there are no term limits for federal lawmakers , but Sen. Jim DeMint , R-South Carolina , and several of his colleagues are advocating that service in the Senate be limited to 12 years , while lawmakers would only be allowed to serve six years in the House . "  Americans know real change in Washington will never happen until we end the era of permanent politicians , " DeMint said in a statement released by his office . "  As long as members have the chance to spend their lives in Washington , their interests will always skew toward spending taxpayer dollars to buyoff special interests , covering over corruption in the bureaucracy , fundraising , relationship building among lobbyists , and trading favors for pork -- in short , amassing their own power . " Two-thirds of the House and Senate would need to approve the amendment -- a stumbling block that short-circuited the idea 14 years ago . The new proposal echoes the Citizen Legislature Act , part of the original Contract with America proposed by Republicans before they won control of Congress in 1994 . That measure , which would have allowed both senators and members of the House to serve just 12 years , won a majority in the Republican-controlled House in 1995 , but failed because it did not meet the constitutionally-required two-thirds threshold . "  There is no question there are big obstacles in the way , " said Philip Blumel , president of U.S. Term Limits , a nonpartisan organization that advocates putting time restrictions in place . "  It is difficult to pass a constitutional amendment , however the goal is worthwhile and it is very important to the country . Also , if not now , when ? " This time around , proponents are not calling on lawmakers who believe in the idea to place a self-imposed term limit on themselves . "  If you are asking people to self-limit , what might happen -- and what did happen -- is that honorable politicians who made the pledge left office , " while others did not , Blumel said . "  The answer to the term-limit supporter is not self-limiting . It is the body as a whole . " DeMint , who is currently serving his first six-year term in the Senate , echoed Blumel 's rationale for dismissing self-imposed term limits . "  I want to be clear : demanding that reformers adopt self-imposed term limits is a recipe for self-defeat on this issue , " DeMint said in Tuesday 's statement . "  We lost the battle for term limits after the 1994 Republican Contract with America because we forced our best advocates for reform to go home , while the big-spending career politicians waited them out . We must have term limits for all or term limits will never succeed . Only when we apply the same rules to all will we be able to enact vital bipartisan reforms . " One of the original co-sponsors of the amendment is Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas , who is serving her third term in the Senate , but is expected to resign her seat to focus on a gubernatorial bid . A spokesman for Hutchison said it is easy to square the fact that the Texas Republican is advocating a cap of two terms , even though she is currently in the middle of her third term . "  Throughout her career she has fought for term limits and continues to do so , and that is why she is co-sponsoring this bill , " said Hutchison spokesman Jeff Sadosky . "  But until it is passed , it would do a disservice to Texas and the people of Texas to do away with the seniority she has gained , unless all the states and all of the senators hold themselves to the same standard . " The two other original co-sponsors of the amendment are Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , and Sen. Sam Brownback , R-Kansas . Coburn , a first-term senator , is up for re-election to his second term in 2010 , while Brownback is retiring next year after pledging to serve only two full terms in the Senate . As congressmen , both voted in favor of the GOP 's Contract with America term limit proposal in 1995 . Coburn , a longtime term-limits supporter , retired from the House in 2000 after serving three terms , based on that pledge .	There are no term limits for federal lawmakers Some GOP lawmakers want to limit terms to 12 years in the Senate ; 6 years in the House Two-thirds of the House and Senate would need to approve the amendment Similar proposal failed 14 years ago
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Chinese spaceship blasted off Tuesday from a launch center in the Gobi Desert , carrying three astronauts on what is expected to be the Asian giant 's longest crewed mission yet . Propelled by a Long March-2F rocket , the Shenzhou 10 craft is scheduled to dock with the Tiangong-1 space module where the crew will transfer supplies to the space lab , which has been in orbit since September 2011 . China has stepped up the pace of its space program since first sending astronaut Yang Liwei into orbit in 2003 . In 2012 , it conducted 18 space launches , according to the Pentagon . Tuesday 's launch from the the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center marks the start of China 's fifth crewed space mission . Footage broadcast by state broadcaster CCTV showed the craft lift off from the Gobi 's flat expanse and arrow into the empty blue sky . Officials at the launch center looked on as it gained altitude , gradually shedding stages of the rocket . During its 15 days in orbit , the crew will master the rendezvous and docking capabilities that are essential for the operation of a manned space platform . "  The functionality , performance , and coordination of all systems will be evaluated during this mission , " Wu Ping , a spokesperson for China 's Manned Space Program , told a news conference on Monday ahead of the launch . She added that another main objective of the mission was to test technologies related to the construction of a space station as China seeks to establish a long-term human presence in space . The most recent crewed mission last year carried its first female astronaut and was the first to make a manual docking with the space module . The crew for this mission will also include a woman , Wang Yaping , and two male astronauts , Nie Haisheng and Zhang Xiaoguang . "  These longer duration missions and space dockings are essential practice for any kind of long-term , more permanent presence in space or a mission to , say , the moon , " said Dean Cheng , a research fellow at the Washington-based Heritage Foundation . Growing power China 's march into space underscores the country 's growing financial and military clout and has unsettled some Western observers . A 92-page report on Chinese military development released by the Pentagon last month highlighted the advances in China 's space capabilities . "  China is developing a multi-dimensional program to improve its capabilities to limit or prevent the use of space-based assets by adversaries during times of crisis or conflict , " the report said . A spokeswoman for China 's manned space missions said last year the program would cost a total of almost 40 billion yuan  US$ 6.27 billion  . The U.S. closed its space shuttle program in 2011 and is no longer aggressively pursuing manned space exploration , leaving Russia and China as the only two countries in the world capable of independently sending humans into space . "  In some ways , they have overtaken the US , at least temporarily , " says the Heritage Foundation 's Cheng . "  Of course , the US , and even more Russia , have more experience in manned space . China is not , at this time , capable of reaching the Moon . " "  But like the tortoise and the hare , China is slowly catching up with the US . " However , Cheng says that China is not engaged in a space race with the US . Rather : "  They have a long-term plan , and they are sticking to it . " Private space ambitions Companies like Boeing , Space X and Virgin Galactic are scrambling to develop private sector spacecraft and operate in what has previously been the exclusive preserve of sovereign nations . China is not part of the project that maintains the International Space Station  ISS  , which currently orbits the Earth conducting experiments in a range of fields , from physics to astronomy . The ISS is a joint venture between NASA , Russia 's RKA space agency , Japan 's Aerospace Exploration Agency , the European Space Agency and the Canadian CSA . China views its multi-billion dollar space program as a way to raise prestige both domestically and abroad . This is the first high-profile space launch since new leader Xi Jinping assumed the presidency in March . Public reaction to the planned mission was mixed , with some users of the Twitter-like Weibo platform wishing the astronauts well , while others said the resources were best used on the ground . "  Our country may be lagging behind in other areas , but China has great achievement in aerospace technology , " said one user with the handle @Jiniaobieliulin . "  The government should spend more money to help those of lowest social status , " said another user identified as @Xiaoxiaojuna . Journalist Katie Hunt wrote and reported from Hong Kong , and CNN 's Zhang Dayu reported from Beijing . CNN 's Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	This is China 's fifth crewed space mission and is scheduled to last 15 days It is the first high-profile launch since Xi Jinping became president in March The mission seeks to test technology related to constructing a space station China 's march into space underscores its growing financial and military clout
Lilongwe , Malawi  CNN  -- Twelve people have died in national protests that erupted in Malawi , government officials said as demonstrations continued for a second day Thursday . Nine people died in Mzuzu , in the northern part of Malawi , on Wednesday , Ministry of Health spokesman Henry Chimbali said . Another died in Karonga district , also in the northern region . It was not immediately clear how the 10 died , but officials were investigating , Chimbali said . Sources at Mzuzu Central Hospital who requested anonymity said the victims had been shot . Two other people were fatally shot in Blantyre in the southern part of the nation , police spokesman Superintendent Davie Chingwalu said . Amnesty International called for an immediate investigation into the Mzuzu deaths , asserting that security forces were responsible . "  At least 44 other people , including six children , are being treated for gunshot wounds at Mzuzu Central Hospital , " the human rights organization said in a statement . The protests began Wednesday as people demanded immediate action from the government on Malawi 's economy and government issues . The East African nation is facing persistent fuel shortages , foreign exchange reserve shortages and frequent power blackouts , among other problems . In addition , anti-government demonstrators have accused President Bingu wa Mutharika of dragging the nation back into the dictatorship era , citing the passage of bills they say impinge on citizen rights as well as the expulsion in April of British envoy Fergus Cochrane-Dyet . The expulsion has cost Malawi dearly , as Britain has suspended direct budget support for the nation . According to the BBC , Cochrane-Dyet was told to leave Malawi in April after he was quoted in a leaked diplomatic cable as saying Mutharika was "  becoming ever more autocratic and intolerant of criticism . " Mutharika spoke Thursday as the protests continued . "  As a leader , I am ready to have a roundtable discussion with you , " he said in an address . "  I call upon everyone to stop vandalizing people 's property and beating up others . Get yourselves organized and notify us so that we can chart the way forward . " In a statement , organizations that had planned the protests also appealed for calm , noting that the demonstrations were meant for Wednesday and that continued protests Thursday were illegal . The country 's army was assisting in quelling the protests Thursday , leading to relative calm . More than 200 people arrested in the Malawian capital of Lilongwe face charges ranging from arson to property damage . Police were seen harassing and beating civil society leaders , opposition political leaders and journalists , leading to injuries . "  When the police use firearms , they must minimize injury and respect human life , " Erwin van der Borght , Amnesty International 's director for Africa , said in the organization 's statement . "  It is high time that President Mutharika 's government addresses the wider human rights and political concerns that gave rise to this situation . " The United States condemned Wednesday 's use of force by Malawian authorities to prevent peaceful demonstrations and a ban on private radio stations reporting on the demonstrations . In a statement , U.S. State Department Acting Deputy Spokeswoman Heide Bronke Fulton said U.S. officials were also "  disturbed by reports of violence targeting individuals based on their political or social affiliations . The government 's attempt to prohibit its citizens from marching , and the Communications Regulatory Authority 's ban on independent media coverage undermine democracy and the rule of law that Malawians cherish . " She urged restraint from both sides . "  We call on the people and the Government of Malawi to remain committed to the principles of democracy and to express disagreements through peaceful means , " she said .	NEW : United States urges restraint from both sides The protests began Wednesday and continued Thursday Malawians are demanding government action on issues including fuel shortages The president tells protesters he is ready for talks , but urges a halt to violence
