WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some experts are skeptical that anything could have stopped Robert Hawkins from going on a murderous rampage at an Omaha , Nebraska , shopping mall on Wednesday . A police car sits outside the Westroads Mall in Omaha , Nebraska , on Thursday . "  This is not something that anybody can reasonably anticipate , " said Don Greene , a former FBI agent who has written a book on mall security . "  If the people closest to him did n't see any indicators or signs that he was going to go off so drastically ... how is some public safety officer supposed to recognize this person ? " Greene asked . In fact , security at Omaha 's Westroads Mall did find Hawkins ' behavior suspicious before the shooting , Omaha Police Chief Thomas Warren said Thursday . Mall surveillance initially flagged Hawkins "  based on his actions " when he entered the mall through the Von Maur store 's main entrance on the second floor , Warren said . He said Hawkins exited quickly after entering , then re-entered within six minutes and appeared to be concealing something in a balled-up sweatshirt . He then went up the elevator to the third floor , and when he got there , he immediately began firing , Warren said . "  It does n't appear as though there was an opportunity for intervention , " he said . Shopping malls around the country were expected to review their emergency plans and consider additional security measures in light of Wednesday 's shooting , which killed eight . Watch what experts say about keeping malls safe " "  There is always a fear of copycats when something like this happens , " said Malachy Kavanaugh , spokesman for the International Council of Shopping Centers . He said malls would be considering whether to close some entrances , bring in additional officers , and make security more visible . There are 1,200 enclosed malls in the United States and about 50,000 shopping centers . Although some include police substations , most are patrolled by unarmed private mall and store security guards . Should these private security guards be armed ? "  Absolutely not , " said Greene . Greene said if a security officer were to pull a gun on an armed individual in a mall , it could result in "  the gunfight at the ` OK corral , ' and then we might have 23 people killed instead of eight . " "  These random events are very challenging to prevent and difficult to deal with when they occur . Law enforcement and security prevention measures , no matter how good , can not forestall a tragedy such as this from happening , " said a statement issued Wednesday night by the Simon Property Group , which operates regional and outlet malls across the United States . "  We do not disclose or discuss our enhanced security measures and/or procedures that we have in place or may institute at any given time , some of which are visible to the public , with others intentionally less noticeable , " the statement said . "  Disclosure of such information could potentially compromise our efforts to provide a safe and secure environment . " Security expert Lou Palumbo told CNN one useful strategy was having trained law enforcement personnel watching people as they enter the mall . "  You start to observe the people coming into the mall area , " he said . "  To let them in your door and then try to figure out what they 're doing , you know , it 's not as effective as catching them as they 're coming in the door . " The International Council of Shopping Centers has conducted focus groups with shoppers to test how they would react to even tighter "  airport style " security measures , including bag checks and magnetometers . According to Kavanaugh , the results have shown that shoppers would accept the measures only if the national threat advisory system was raised to its highest level , red . Such extreme measures are "  in the mall industry playbook ... but it is something no one wants to do , " said Kavanaugh . While some mall owners have increased training of security personnel and have upgraded their emergency systems , many security experts believe more should and can be done . Those experts suggest it 's a matter of money . They say until shoppers start staying away , mall owners will not make significant changes . There are no national standards for security guards , and according to a 2006 study by the Police Foundation , only a few states require background checks , minimum hiring standards , or training . The study also notes that drills to test security staffs ' knowledge of what to do in an emergency , when done at all , "  are seldom rigorous , seldom done with first responders , and are usually done without clear standards to measure their success . " The report goes on to say that "  many malls do not even have plans to limit access to sensitive areas in times of heightened alert . " Since that report was written , the International Council of Shopping Centers , in conjunction with George Washington University , has developed a DVD to train mall security guards . According to Kavanaugh , about 6,000 of the nation 's estimated 20,000 mall security guards have participated in the course , including 10 at Westroads Mall , where Wednesday 's shootings took place . The FBI and other federal agencies have reached out to private security firms to share information on best practices . The FBI also sends out alerts regarding possible threats to the private sector -- but warnings of possible terrorist plans are clearly of no help in anticipating an attacker like Hawkins . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jeanne Meserve , Eliott McLaughlin and Kelli Arena contributed to this report .	Malls expected to assess security arrangements in wake of Wednesday shooting Gunman at Omaha , Nebraska , mall killed 8 people and himself Some security experts say such incidents are impossible to anticipate Study by Police Foundation says training drills for mall guards are inadequate
London , England  CNN  -- Avoid saying "  thank you " to a Chinese compliment , and do n't ask a Brazilian personal questions . Those are among the tips in a new etiquette guide designed to help create a warm welcome for visitors ahead of the 2012 London Olympics . The list was compiled by VisitBritain , the national tourism agency , and is geared to help everyone from hoteliers to taxi drivers be culturally sensitive . "  Overseas visitors spend more than # 16 billion  $ 25 billion  a year in Britain , contributing massively to our economy and supporting jobs across the country , " said Sandie Dawe , chief executive of VisitBritain . "  So giving our foreign visitors a friendly welcome is absolutely vital to our economy . With hundreds of thousands of people thinking of coming to Britain in the run-up to the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2012 , this new advice is just one of the ways that VisitBritain is helping the tourism industry care for their customers , wherever they come from . " VisitBritain staff who are natives of the countries featured wrote the list , which will now be included in an online database available to those in the tourism industry . A sampling of their suggestions : -- A smiling Japanese person is not necessarily happy .  They tend to smile when angry , embarrassed , sad , or disappointed .  Also avoid talking to them with your hands in your pockets , staring , being late , and blowing your nose in front of someone . While sitting , try not to show the bottom of your shoes . -- Pouring wine backwards into a glass indicates hostility to an Argentinian . Also , do n't be offended by Argentinian humor , which may mildly attack your clothing or weight . -- Avoid winking at someone from Hong Kong , because it 's considered rude . When pointing , use your hand , not your index finger . Avoid mentioning failure , poverty , or death , as this risks offense . -- Visitors from the United Arab Emirates can take great offense if you appear bossy . They appreciate being looked after by staff trained to understand Arab culture . -- Do not be alarmed if South Africans say they were held up by robots , which is their term for traffic lights . "  Howzit " is an informal way for them to say hello . Do not place your thumb between your forefinger and middle finger , as it is an obscene gesture . -- With Brazilians , steer clear of personal questions , especially on such issues as age or salary . -- When meeting Mexicans , it is best not to discuss poverty , illegal aliens , earthquakes , or their 1845-46 war with America . When demonstrating height , be aware that holding the palm face down is reserved for animals . -- Never call a Canadian an American . Some Canadians take offense at being mistaken for U.S. citizens . -- Avoid saying "  thank you " to a Chinese compliment . Instead , politely deny the compliment to show humility . -- Do n't snap your fingers if you are with a Belgian , as it may be interpreted as impolite . Also avoid discussing linguistic and political divisions within Belgium between Dutch and French speakers . -- Avoid physical contact when first meeting someone from India . Being touched or approached too closely in initial meetings can be considered offensive , even if the intention is entirely innocent or friendly . -- Never imply that people from Poland drink excessively . Despite stereotypes , Poles are not large consumers of alcohol and excessive drinking is frowned upon .	VisitBritain launches a new etiquette guide ahead of the 2012 Olympics It is designed to help the tourism industry be culturally sensitive Tips were compiled by VisitBritain staff
CNN  -- We 've finally emerged from the season in which Americans were asked by the pollsters and politicians : "  Are you better off today than you were four years ago ? " But sometimes it 's important to contemplate the question of progress from a longer view : How are we doing on the scale of a generation ? To answer that question , take this brief quiz . Over the past two decades , what have the U.S. trends been for the following important measures of social health : high school dropout rates , college enrollment , juvenile crime , drunken driving , traffic deaths , infant mortality , life expectancy , per capita gasoline consumption , workplace injuries , air pollution , divorce , male-female wage equality , charitable giving , voter turnout , per capita GDP and teen pregnancy ? The answer for all of them is the same : The trend is positive . Almost all those varied metrics of social wellness have improved by more than 20 % over the past two decades . And that 's not counting the myriad small wonders of modern medicine that have improved our quality of life as well as our longevity : the anti-depressants and insulin pumps and quadruple bypasses . Americans enjoy longer , healthier lives in more stable families and communities than we did 20 years ago . But other than the crime trends , these facts are rarely reported or shared via word-of-mouth channels . Idea of American exceptionalism a powerful force through history Many Americans , for instance , are convinced that "  half of all marriages end in divorce , " though that has n't been the case since the early 1980s , when divorce rates peaked at just over 50 % . Since then , they have declined by almost a third . This is not merely a story of success in advanced industrial countries . The quality-of-life and civic health trends in the developing world are even more dramatic . Even though the world 's population has doubled over the past 50 years , the percentage living in poverty has declined by 50 % over that period . Infant mortality and life expectancy have improved by more than 40 % in Latin America since the early 1990s . No country in history has improved its average standard of living faster than China has over the past two decades . Of course , not all the arrows point in a positive direction , particularly after the past few years . The number of Americans living in poverty has increased over the past decade , after a long period of decline . Wealth inequality has returned to levels last seen in the roaring '20s . Today , the U.S. unemployment rate is still just under 8 % , higher than its average over the past two decades . Household debt soared over the past 20 years , though it has dipped slightly thanks to the credit crunch of the last few years . And while the story of water and air pollution over that period is a triumphant one , the long-term trends for global warming remain bleak . We are much more likely to hear about these negative trends than the positive ones for two primary reasons . First , we tend to assume that innovation and progress come from big technology breakthroughs , from new gadgets and communications technologies , most of them created by the private sector . But the positive trends in our social health are coming from a more complex network of forces : from government intervention , public service announcements , demographic changes , the shared wisdom of life experiences passed along through generations and the positive effects of rising affluence . The emphasis on private sector progress is no accident ; it is the specific outcome of the way public opinion is shaped within the current media landscape . Opinion : How progress is possible in Obama 's second term The public sector does n't have billions of dollars to spend on marketing campaigns to trumpet its successes . A multinational corporation invents a slightly better detergent , and it will spend a legitimate fortune to alert the world that the product is now "  new and improved . " But no one takes out a prime-time ad campaign to tout the remarkable decrease in air pollution that we have seen over the past few decades , even thought that success story is far more important than a trivial improvement in laundry soap . That blind spot is compounded by the deeper lack of interest in stories of incremental progress . Curmudgeons , doomsayers , utopians and declinists all have an easier time getting our attention than opinion leaders who want to celebrate slow and steady improvement . The most striking example of this can be seen in the second half of the 1990s , a period in which both economic and social trends were decisively upbeat : The stock market was surging , but inequality was in fact on the decline ; crime , drug use , welfare dependence , poverty -- all were trending in an encouraging direction . With a Democrat in the White House , you might assume that the op-ed pages of The Washington Post would be bursting with pride over the state of the nation , given the paper 's center-left leanings . But you would be wrong . Over the course of 1997 , in the middle of the greatest peacetime economic boom in U.S. history  and before the Monica Lewinsky scandal broke  , 71 % of all editorials published in the Post that expressed an opinion on some aspect of the country 's current state focused on a negative trend . Less than 5 % of the total number of editorials concentrated on a positive development . Even the boom years are a bummer . I suspect , in the long run , the media bias against incremental progress may be more damaging than any bias the media display toward the political left or right . The media are heavily biased toward extreme events , and they are slightly biased toward negative events -- though in their defense , that bias may just be a reflection of the human brain 's propensity to focus more on negative information than positive , a trait extensively documented by neuroscience and psychology studies . The one positive social trend that did generate a significant amount of coverage -- the extraordinary drop in the U.S. crime rate since the mid - '90s -- seems to have been roundly ignored by the general public . The violent crime rate  crimes per thousand people  dropped from 51 to 15 between 1995 and 2010 , truly one of the most inspiring stories of societal progress in our lifetime . And yet according to a series of Gallup polls conducted over the past 10 years , more than two-thirds of Americans believe that crime has been getting worse , year after year . Whether these biases come from media distortions or our human psychology , they result in two fundamental errors in the popular mind : We underestimate the amount of steady progress that continues around us , and we misunderstand where that progress comes from . We should celebrate these stories of progress , not so we can rest on our laurels but instead so we can inspire the next generation to build on that success . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steven Johnson .	Steven Johnson : By almost any measure , life in U.S. is much better than in past generations Dropout rates , college enrollment , crime , infant mortality have shown improvement Despite progress , most people , and the media , focus on negative trends , he says Johnson : Doomsayers get our attention more readily than those pointing to steady progress
KILLEEN , Texas  CNN  -- Spc. Logan Burnette arrived at Fort Hood , Texas , a week ago Wednesday to prepare for an upcoming tour of Iraq . The following day , he , like all deploying soldiers , reported to the "  ready room " on post to fill out final paperwork . However , what was to be another day of the mundane erupted into hell on Earth . Burnette heard shots , though that 's a sound to which soldiers grow accustomed . He had been hearing blanks for many months of training . But on November 5 at Fort Hood , he quickly understood that something was terribly wrong when he saw the blood -- crimson everywhere . "  Seeing bullet wounds in the back of a friend 's head , seeing friends grabbing their arms , and blood just everywhere . It 's a pretty hard thing to see , " Burnette recalled . "  And not having any way to defend yourself . " The gunman had been in the room for a while and had perfectly blended in with his Army combat uniform , his gold major rank emblazoned on his chest . No one had reason to pay him heed , Burnette said . When the madness began , the gunman popped up like a target at a shooting range . He just stood up and started firing methodically and with precision . He reloaded . And fired . Reloaded . And fired again . "  He was very swift , very tactical , " said Burnette , sitting in a wheelchair at the Metroplex Adventist Hospital near Fort Hood , his left arm and hand bandaged . The mass shooting last week was the deadliest ever on a U.S. military base . Twelve soldiers and one civilian were killed ; more than 40 others were wounded . Fifteen soldiers remained hospitalized on Wednesday , four in intensive care , according to Fort Hood spokesman Col. James Rossi . They were victims of a soldier who turned on his own , authorities say . Burnette saw the laser sights on the gunman 's weapon . The shooter looked serious , intent . He screamed at the top of his lungs , "  Allahu akbar , " which means ` God is great ' in Arabic . Burnette dropped to the floor , hugging the ground for dear life . His mind was spinning . What insanity was this ? "  Once I saw the blood , I realized I had to move , " he said . "  I had to get out of there . " Burnette began to stand up and noticed the gunman was pointing in his direction . He picked up a folding table next to him -- it was the heaviest object he could see -- and hurled it toward the shooter . He knew it would draw the gunman 's attention and divert his line of sight from others . Burnette said he was n't trying to play a hero . "  There are guys overseas doing more than what I did , " he said . "  I just happened to be at a certain place at a certain time in the world and hopefully I made a difference . " But that 's when he got hit . He took a round that pierced his hip on the left side and tore through his abdomen . "  After the hit , I fell down , not even realizing I had been hit , " he said . "  As I tried to get back up , I was shot in the elbow on the left arm and ... the knuckle on the left pinky finger . " He was like a wounded animal desperate to escape the hunter 's aim . "  He wanted to kill all of us , " Burnette said . "  We were all unarmed . " Burnette 's gut felt like a knife slicing through it . He could n't feel his leg . His left arm was numb , too . He stared at it and thought of those dummy arms that people buy at Halloween . "  Oh my God , " he thought . "  This guy shot me . " Burnette began moving with every ounce of strength he could muster and hid in a nearby cubicle . The gunman had started moving to the other side of the building , reloading and shooting . Reloading and shooting . Burnette knew he had to get out of that building . "  As I started to run , I fell again , not realizing I could n't use my left leg . " After falling , Burnette said , he "  threw all of my body weight ... towards that door as hard and as fast as possible . " "  Once I hit that front door , I began to low crawl , about five meters up a hill just , you know , pushing my body forward with everything I had , " he said . A staff sergeant grabbed him by his uniform collar and dragged him into an office and locked the door . "  Everything is going to be all right , " the sergeant told him , as he began administering first aid . Burnette said he does n't know the sergeant 's name , but he will recognize him instantly if their paths ever cross again . "  Our Father who art in heaven ... hallowed be thy name . " Burnette , a practicing Catholic , lie on the ground , repeating the prayer over and over again . He did n't know whether he would see his wife again . A week later , Burnette has undergone two operations and still has a bullet lodged in his right hip . On Wednesday , he was making his way to the Army 's Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas , for further treatment . He knows that 's where Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , the accused shooter , is also being treated . "  I ca n't really think about it , " Burnette said . "  I have a lot of faith in our military , our judicial system -- and God . " Soldiers are taught from day one that you help the wounded , even when they are enemies in combat , even the guy who shot you . "  Do n't get me wrong , " he said , "  Everything in your heart wants to -LSB- unleash -RSB- anger at this person , but we have to trust that our system works somehow . "  By no means am I happy that he is in better shape than a lot of my comrades , " Burnette said about the suspect . "  But I 'm not here to play God , either . " Ultimately , Burnette said , he is sorry for a man who feels the need to execute unarmed personnel , his comrades , in the name of God . Does he pity the Fort Hood shooter ? "  Yeah , " he said , pausing . "  To an extent . " CNN 's Sanjay Gupta and Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report .	Spc. Logan Burnette 's original day at Fort Hood turned to nightmare Burnette says he threw table at accused shooter Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan Burnette is being transferred to same hospital that houses Hasan
CNN  -- Chicago police have arrested a fifth suspect in connection with a shooting that injured 13 , including a 3-year-old child , earlier this month . David Logan , 22 , faces charges of unlawful use of a weapon and obstructing justice , police said Saturday . The arrest happened on Wednesday . Bullets from an assault rifle and another gun wounded the 13 . Two of the victims were 15 years old . Deonta Howard , a toddler , was the youngest hit . Luckily , all survived . Authorities think the violence may have been gang-related . Before Logan 's arrest , four others had been arrested in connection with the shooting . Police said two of the suspects -- Tabari Young , 22 , and Bryon Champ , 21 -- fired shots onto a full basketball court . Champ is a documented gang member , according to authorities . Those four have been charged with attempted murder and aggravated battery with a firearm , police said . Young is accused of firing the assault-style rifle . Police say Champ also fired a gun of some kind . A third suspect , Kewane Gatewood , 20 , is accused of supplying the assault weapon , and Brad Jett , 22 , was allegedly the lookout during the shooting , police said . Little boy shot in the face even more afraid of the dark ` It 's got to stop , ' grandmother says	David Logan , 22 , was arrested on Wednesday , police say He was charged in connection with a shooting that injured 13 He faces charges of unlawful use of a weapon and obstructing justice
CNN  -- In what could prove to be a precedent-setting case , the National Labor Relations Board has issued a complaint against a Connecticut company for firing an employee after she posted critical , derogatory comments about her supervisor on Facebook . The company , ambulance service American Medical Response , says emergency medical technician Dawnmarie Souza was fired because of "  multiple , serious complaints about her behavior , " not because she took to a social networking site to describe her supervisor in various unflattering terms , among the mildest of which was comparing the supervisor to a psychiatric patient . The labor board , a federal agency that oversees union elections and investigates claims of unfair labor practices , accuses the company of illegally terminating Souza and denying her access to union representation during an investigatory review . The labor relations board argues that workers ' criticism of their bosses on social networking sites like Facebook is generally "  a protected concerted activity . " "  You are permitted to talk about terms and conditions with employees or anyone else , it 's public because you are protected under the National Labor Act , " says Jonathan Kreisberg , the board 's regional director in Hartford , Connecticut . Kreisberg says that in addition to describing her supervisor in unflattering and sometimes vulgar terms on her Facebook page , Souza also wrote about "  how the company allows a 17 to be a supervisor . " The 17 reference is the company 's jargon for a psychiatric patient , Kreisberg says . The National Labor Act gives workers the right to form unions and it prohibits employers from taking action against employees -- union or non-union -- for discussing working conditions , says Kreisberg . He adds that the case could be "  ground-breaking " because it is in the uncharted legal territory of social networking sites on the internet . "  It was Souza 's ... own page ; she did this on her own time in her own home . This case is different because in this situation it happened online and the company 's rules were unlawfully broad , " says Kreisberg . In a statement to CNN , American Medical Response says it believes that the offensive statements made against the co-worker were not activities protected under federal law . The company "  denies the allegations made by the NLRB and believes the facts will show that they are without merit . The employee in question was discharged based on multiple , serious complaints about her behavior , " the statement says . An attorney representing the ambulance company adds , "  This is not about Facebook . " "  This employee was terminated after the company received complaints on two separate incidents in 2009 . All pointed to Souza 's rude and discourteous behavior with patients , " says attorney Jackson Lewis . Souza , who was fired last December and who is seeking reinstatement to her job , declined comment to CNN , saying only that granting an interview would "  jeopardize her case at this point . " On the issue of assistance from a union representative , the labor board says Souza wanted help from the union representing the company 's workers when she wrote up a response to the company . The company 's lawyer says she was not denied union representation . "  Before submitting her response , she checked in with her union representative , " says Lewis . A labor board hearing for the case is scheduled for January 25 .	An EMT in Connecticut complained about her supervisor on her Facebook page She was fired , with the company saying it was for her work , not her Facebook writings The National Labor Relations board has issued a complaint against the company
On Sunday , a man shot and killed a 14-year-old boy and his grandfather at the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City and then drove to a nearby Jewish retirement community where he shot and killed a third person . Police arrested a suspect , Frazier Glenn Cross , who shouted "  Heil Hitler " after he was taken into custody . Cross , who also goes by Frazier Glenn Miller , is a well-known right wing extremist who founded the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan and the White Patriot Party , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center . Now let 's do the thought experiment in which instead of shouting "  Heil Hitler " after he was arrested , the suspect had shouted "  Allahu Akbar . " Only two days before the first anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombings , this simple switch of words would surely have greatly increased the extent and type of coverage the incident received . Yet the death toll in the shootings in Kansas is similar to that of last year 's Boston Marathon bombings , where three people were killed and the suspects later killed a police officer as they tried to evade capture .  Many more , of course , were also wounded in the Boston attacks ; 16 men , women and children lost limbs . In fact , since 9/11 extremists affiliated with a variety of far-right wing ideologies , including white supremacists , anti-abortion extremists and anti-government militants , have killed more people in the United States than have extremists motivated by al Qaeda 's ideology . According to a count by the New America Foundation , right wing extremists have killed 34 people in the United States for political reasons since 9/11 .  The total includes the latest shootings in Kansas , which are being classified as a hate crime  . By contrast , terrorists motivated by al Qaeda 's ideology have killed 21 people in the United States since 9/11 . Although a variety of left wing militants and environmental extremists have carried out violent attacks for political reasons against property and individuals since 9/11 , none have been linked to a lethal attack , according to research by the New America Foundation . Moreover , since 9/11 none of the more than 200 individuals indicted or convicted in the United States of some act of jihadist terrorism have acquired or used chemical or biological weapons or their precursor materials , while 13 individuals motivated by right wing extremist ideology , one individual motivated by left-wing extremist ideology , and two with idiosyncratic beliefs , used or acquired such weapons or their precursors . Opinion : Why do racists and anti-Semites kill ? A similar attack to the one that Frazier Glenn Cross is accused of in Kansas occurred in August 2012 when Wade Michael Page killed six people in a shooting at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin . Page was a member of a white supremacist band and associated with the Hammerskins , a white supremacist group . Page committed suicide during the attack . Page is not , of course , the only right wing extremist to have used lethal violence to achieve political ends . In 2009 , for instance , Shawna Forde , Albert Gaxiola , and Jason Bush raided a house in Arizona , killing Raul Flores and his daughter Brisenia . The three attackers sought to use the burglary to finance their anti-immigration vigilante group , Minutemen American Defense . Forde and Bush were convicted and sentenced to death . Gaxiola was sentenced to life in prison . Also in 2009 , Scott Roeder murdered Dr. George Tiller , who ran an abortion clinic in Wichita , Kansas . In 2010 Roeder was convicted of first-degree murder . According to the Southern Poverty Law Center , Roeder not only had ties to the extreme anti-abortion movement , but he also had been pulled over while driving with a fake license plate bearing the markings of the Sovereign Citizens , a movement of individuals who deny that the government has authority over them . Of course , the deadliest terrorist attack on American soil prior to 9/11 was the Oklahoma City bombing , which was masterminded by Timothy McVeigh , a man with deep ties to far-right militant circles . McVeigh killed 168 people when he bombed the Alfred P. Murrah federal building on April 19 , 1995 . Despite this history of deadly violence by individuals motivated by political ideologies other than al Qaeda , it is jihadist violence that continues to dominate the news and the attention of policy makers . Some of this is quite understandable . After all , on 9/11 al Qaeda 's 19 terrorists killed almost 3,000 people in the space of a morning . Since then al Qaeda 's branch in Yemen tried to bring down with a bomb secreted on a passenger an American commercial jet flying over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 and al Qaeda 's branch in Pakistan tried to launch bombings on the New York subway system a few months earlier . Luckily those plots did n't succeed , but certainly if they had the death toll would have been on a large scale . Yet the disparity in media coverage between even failed jihadist terrorist attacks and this latest incident in Kansas is emblematic of a flawed division in the public 's mind between killing that is purportedly committed in the name of Allah and killing that is committed for other political ends , such as neo-Nazi beliefs about the need to kill Jews . Part of the reason for this disconnect might be that when a Department of Homeland Security report warning of violent right wing extremism was leaked in 2009 , it generated a substantial political controversy . In a 2011 interview with the Southern Poverty Law Center , Daryl Johnson , the leader of the team that produced the report , argued that following the controversy , DHS 's examination of such threats suffered , stating "  Since our report was leaked , DHS has not released a single report of its own on this topic . Not anything dealing with non-Islamic domestic extremism -- whether it 's anti-abortion extremists , white supremacists , ` sovereign citizens , ' eco-terrorists , the whole gamut . " The threat from al Qaeda and its associated forces has changed significantly since 9/11 . Today , almost 13 years after 9/11 , al Qaeda has not successfully conducted another attack inside the United States . And since 2011 , no individual charged with plotting to conduct an al Qaeda-inspired terrorist attack inside the United States has acted with more than one accomplice . This demonstrates the difficulties today of forming a jihadist group sufficiently large enough to conduct a complex attack anything on the scale of 9/11 , and is a tribute to the success of law enforcement agencies in detecting and deterring jihadist terrorist activity . Today in the United States , al Qaeda-type terrorism is the province of individuals with no real connection to foreign terrorists , aside from reading their propaganda online . Given this , it becomes harder to explain , in terms of American national security , why violence by homegrown right wing extremists receives substantially less attention than does violence by homegrown jihadist militants . Tyler Hite contributed research support for this article .	Peter Bergen , David Sterman : Man killed three at Jewish centers in Kansas Suspect shouted "  Heil Hitler ; " if it had been "  Allahu Akbar " media would cover it more , they say Since 9/11 , right wing extremists have killed more in U.S. than those motivated by al Qaeda Writers : Given this , why do we not give more national security attention to right wing attacks ?
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced Tuesday the creation of a new trade enforcement unit that will be tasked with investigating unfair trade practices in countries , he said , "  like China . " It was one of a handful of comments on international issues the president made during his annual State of the Union address , which mostly focused on domestic matters and the economy . President Obama challenges Congress on sticky issues "  It 's not right when another country lets our movies , music and software be pirated . It 's not fair when foreign manufacturers have a leg up on ours only because they 're heavily subsidized , " Obama said . "  I will not stand by when our competitors do n't play by the rules . " "  Our workers are the most productive on Earth , and if the playing field is level , I promise you -- America will always win , " he added . There was no immediate response to the president 's comments from China , which is celebrating the New Year this week . For years , U.S. officials have been pressuring China to allow its renminbi -- or yuan -- to appreciate more rapidly . From 2008 and 2010 , China had pegged the yuan to the dollar , keeping its value artificially low and Chinese exports comparatively cheap . Meanwhile , China has called on the United States to loosen export regulations . China has the world 's second largest economy after the United States . Here are some of the other international issues the president touched on during his address : Immigration reform Obama did not break new ground when he said lawmakers should work on a comprehensive plan and support a path to citizenship for some young people brought to the United States as children . "  If election-year politics keeps Congress from acting on a comprehensive plan , let 's at least agree to stop expelling responsible young people who want to staff our labs , start new businesses , defend this country . Send me a law that gives them the chance to earn their citizenship . I will sign it right away , " he said . Obama was likely describing the DREAM Act , a Democratic measure pushed by the president that provides a pathway to legal residency for children of illegal immigrants who attend college or serve in the military . Iran The Middle Eastern nation is "  more isolated than ever , " Obama said , vowing to keep the heat on over Tehran 's suspected nuclear ambitions . Iran says its nuclear program is not military , but the United States and many of its allies suspect Iran intends to produce a bomb . The United Nations ' nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , has expressed similar concerns . "  Let there be no doubt : America is determined to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon , and I will take no options off the table to achieve that goal , " the president said during his address . "  A peaceful resolution of this issue is still possible , and far better , and if Iran changes course and meets its obligations , it can rejoin the community of nations . " Afghanistan Obama said the U.S.-led war there is winding down and that the transition to local control will continue . Next year , U.S. troops will begin shifting away from combat to a training and advising role . The goal is to let Afghan security forces increasingly take the lead as the U.S. looks to withdraw most of its troops by the end of 2014 . "  This transition to Afghan lead will continue , and we will build an enduring partnership with Afghanistan , so that it is never again a source of attacks against America , " the president said .	The president announces the creation of a new trade enforcement unit Obama : "  If the playing field is level , I promise you -- America will always win " He addresses Afghanistan and immigration reform in State of the Union address On Iran , Obama says no options are "  off the table "
CNN  -- World No. 1 Tiger Woods is anticipating an "  emotional " weekend as his annual invitational tournament bids a fond farewell to the Sherwood Country Club . After 14 years , the Northwestern Mutual World Challenge , as it has been known since 2013 , is leaving Woods ' native California and heading to the Isleworth Golf & Country Club near Orlando , Florida . "  Sherwood , the board here , all the volunteers that come out and support us in sunshine or rain , wind , cold or perfect sunny So Cal days , " the 14-time major winner told the PGA Tour website . "  They come out to support our event and have made this event as special as it has been . Most golf tournaments do n't stay at one golf course for that long . I foresee certainly an emotional Sunday for sure . " Woods is a five-time winner of the event , which is held as a benefit for the Tiger Woods Foundation , boasts a prize fund of $ 3.5 million -- $ 1 million of which goes to the winner . This year 's 18-man field features illustrious names such as former world No. 1 Rory McIlroy and American major winners Jason Dufner , Bubba Watson and Webb Simpson . Woods admits it was not easy to get so many world class golfers in one place at the same time at the end of an arduous year . "  It 's harder to get good players to play , quite frankly , " said the 37-year-old . "  And sponsorship dollars are certainly not exactly easy to come by in these economic times . So it made sense for us to move . "  It was certainly not an easy decision . But there are a lot of players that are based there in Florida . It will be a little easier for the guys to make a trek out instead of coming all the way out here , to stay right there in Florida . " Reflecting on his own season -- which has included five PGA Tour titles -- Woods bemoaned his inability to capture a major championship . "  I certainly wish I could have played a little better in major championships , " added Woods . "  I was there at the Masters and there at the British certainly with a chance , but just did n't get it done . "  The other two I just did n't play well . But winning The Players Championship and then obviously four other events , I think it 's a pretty good year . "  I feel like I 've improved this year than I did over the previous year . I 'm very pleased at the overall year . " McIlroy heads into the event off the back of his first win of the year at last week 's Australian Open . This season has seen the Northern Irishman slip to sixth in the world rankings and struggle to display his best form having switched to Nike clubs at the beginning of 2013 . At the end of a season when the two-time major winner has failed to challenge for the sport 's most prestigious titles , McIlroy was pleased with his ability to grind out a win despite fierce competition from in-form world No. 2 Adam Scott . "  I felt like I saw enough good golf in there to know that it was very close , and it was n't going to be long before I did win , " said the 24-year-old . "  What I was happy with the most was the limited amount of times that I have gotten in contention this year , I have played well . I have played well down the stretch . I 've played well under pressure , and that is something that I really have improved on the last few years . "	Tiger Woods anticipates an "  emotional " weekend at his annual tournament The world No. 1 's charity benefit event is leaving the Sherwood Country Club The tournament was first held in 1999 and has been won five times by Woods 18 elite players have been invited to play in Southern California
Hickam Air Force Base , Hawaii  CNN  -- There is a skull here , hundreds of fragments of bones there . Table after table is lined with human remains . One holds a near-complete skeleton , another has hundreds of tiny pieces of bone that could come from many different people . Together , it tells the story of life and death in the military . At the world 's largest skeletal identification laboratory more than 30 forensic anthropologists , archaeologists and dentists of Joint POW-MIA Accounting Command are working to put names to the remains . Based at Hickam Air Force Base -- site of the Pearl Harbor attack -- in Honolulu , Hawaii , JPAC is made up of all branches of the U.S. military and civilian scientists , united in the goal of bringing back all 84,000 U.S. service members who went missing during war or military action . The unit researches old war records and combs battle sites and aircraft crash sites in some of the most remote locations around the world . Any recovered remains are brought back to JPAC 's Central Identification Laboratory . The mission is to bring answers to families who may have been waiting 60 years or more to hear anything about a loved one . They call it the most honorable mission in the military . "  I 've been all over the world from Korea to South Africa , East Asia to South America and then , of course , in Iraq and my job is to defeat the enemy . I am proud of that , " says Lt. Col. Raul Gonzalez , who works at JPAC managing 18 teams who search for remains . "  This job , though , has been one of the more healing jobs in a sense that instead of doing what I am normally planning on doing and training to do , I 'm bringing people back together , bringing families back together , bringing closure and it is truly , deep down inside , one of the most rewarding experiences . " Dr. Robert Mann , a forensic anthropologist at CIL and head of the forensic science academy there . "  The task is daunting . It 's incredibly complicated . It goes to the peaks of the Himalayas , it goes to the jungles of Southeast Asia . It goes to the oceans of the Pacific . So from the highest point to the lowest point on the earth , we 're looking for missing Americans . " The mission can start in many different ways , possibly a tip from a veteran who remembers where he lost a fellow soldier during a hectic battle , or even from someone finding remains while digging in their yard . Most of the time , investigations begin with a researcher or historian who searches military records known as Individual Deceased Personnel Files . The files include information about where a service member was lost and how that person may have died . It 's the researcher 's role to figure out if there is enough evidence to search a site . "  We 'll look at all the evidence and say is it going to be worth it to actually go to the site ? " explains historian Andrew Speelhoffer . "  And if it is , the next time we 're in that country , we 'll put that on the list . And we 'll go to the site and we 'll locate and question any witnesses . " "  I think one of the most interesting parts of my job is just learning these cases individually , " Speelhoffer says . "  I think one of the things about World War II is just the size of it , just the numbers you 're talking about . We 're missing upwards of 74,000 Americans . "  When you 're dealing with those kinds of numbers , it 's really interesting to look at these cases on an individual basis and learn little bits , little tidbits of information about these guys . You know , where they were from , what particular mission they were on , that kind of thing . " Once a site is approved , an investigation team interviews possible witnesses and does a preliminary search of the grounds . If they find enough evidence that remains are present a recovery team is sent back to the site to dig for remains . Recovery sites can be grueling . Wars are often fought far away from the comforts of home , and the recovery teams sometimes camp at a dig site for up to 60 days . The end result -- finding a service member who 'd been lost for decades -- makes it all worthwhile . "  I got here in 1992 and about the first five years I was in the jungles , " Mann says , who with other anthropologists and archaeologists goes on recovery missions as well as working in the lab . "  I went native . I got out there and I did n't want to come back because it was so exciting . It was such an invigorating thing and I felt as though I was doing something really good to bring home these missing Americans . "  Once you do this , you get the bug , you realize what your contribution can be to science , what your contribution can be to the United States . And to these guys and gals who served and gave everything . "  I feel as though this is something that I can give back to those folks who served and to those families who are out there still that are looking for answers . I think it is the most exciting thing anybody could ever do . " Mann has been on digs with veterans who return to the site of terrifying battles to help them figure out where to find lost soldiers . And when remains are brought back to CIL , Mann is one of the anthropologists trying to put a name to the remains -- a very long and intense process . The work begins by identifying sex , age at death , racial or ancestral background , how tall the individual was , and what kind of trauma the person received . Mann explains the process , starting with first knowing where the remains were recovered . "  So you 've narrowed it down geographically . Then you end up with say 20 individuals that are missing within a 20-mile radius of where these remains were recovered . "  You 've now got it down to 20 individuals . And now the biology , the anthropology is going to say "  well this is a 20-24 year old white male . " You 've narrowed it down again . How tall is he ? He 's about 5 ' 8 to 5 ' 9 . And you can see you keep narrowing and narrowing and narrowing it to where you get it down to where the dental says , it is this individual right here . " Dental records , when they 're available , are often the key to making a final identification . Lt. Col. Lisa Franklin is a forensic odontologist -- a dentist who compares dental remains to dental records to make an identification . "  If a body is found and there are different types of dental restorations in the mouth -- say a metal crown , maybe a white filling , a composite filling or a resin filling -- those are very unique things in individual mouths and it sets them apart from somebody else who does not have those things in their teeth . So the dental profile can be very unique to one individual . " But not all remains include the jaw or teeth , which is why the scientists at CIL are constantly looking for new technology . Another identification technique is comparing mitochondrial DNA found in bones -- not the same type that can be extracted through saliva or blood -- to DNA extracted from a maternal lineage . The scientists are also testing out a new way to use the old method of photo superimposition . Using two cameras -- one on a photograph , the other on a skull -- they are trying to determine the accuracy of layering a photo over a skull to make identifications . It is a mission this unit says it will never tire of . "  Technology changes , technology evolves and gets better , " says Mann . "  So what we ca n't do today with this one little piece of bone , we might be able to do tomorrow with DNA . "  And we 're going to keep searching , we 're going to keep trying , and we 're not going to give up on these guys and gals who are missing . "	Scientists and historians , military and civilians aim to recover all missing U.S. service personnel The Joint POW-MIA Accounting Command digs at battle sites and crash sites for remains In the lab they use dental records , photo recognition software and DNA tests to put a name to the remains They call it the most honorable mission in the military
CNN  -- At least two people have died and up to 40 people are feared trapped after a roof collapsed at a construction site in eastern South Africa , emergency services say . The collapse occurred in the township of Tongaat , near Durban . Thirty people have been transported to the hospital with injuries ranging from moderate to critical , Crisis Medical operations director Neil Powell told CNN from the scene . Powell said the construction work had been taking place beside a shopping mall . "  It 's unknown exactly what caused the collapse . There was a large amount of scaffolding and cement foundation that collapsed on to some of the construction workers , " Powell said . He said the rescue operation was taking place "  with a lot of difficulty " as darkness fell . "  A local crane has arrived to start clearing the rubble to look for unaccounted people , " he said . "  We 're waiting at this stage to get to the rubble that is still crushing an estimated 30 to 40 people . " The South African Press Association reported that a 100-meter area of 18-inch-thick concrete slabs had collapsed late Tuesday afternoon local time . Sapa reported that the the collapsed building was a shopping mall under construction .	Two people have died after a building collapsed in South Africa , emergency services say Crisis Medical operations director says 30 people had been taken to the hospital A crane has arrived at the scene to clear rubble to look for 30 to 40 people missing A large amount of scaffolding and cement fell on construction workers
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When it comes to bagging the best jobs behind the camera , Hollywood A-lister Charlize Theron says that women have to make their own luck . Charlize Theron in "  The Burning Plain , " which she both stars in and executive produces . Indeed , the 33 year-old 's career could be seen as a template for what women can achieve in the industry . As an actress , Theron is famous for roles in films as diverse as serial killer biopic "  Monster " and Will Smith superhero movie "  Hancock , " switching with apparent ease between small independent movies and big-budget blockbusters . Theron also represents a small minority of women who work behind the camera in Hollywood . During the 15 years she has worked in the U.S. film industry she has also produced four films . The latest is Guillermo Arriaga 's "  The Burning Plain , " which she both stars in and executive produces . At a time when women are picking up increasingly varied roles in front of the camera , statistics show they are failing to make the same headway behind the scenes . Last year , women made up just 16 percent of all directors , producers , writers and cinematographers who worked on the 250 top grossing films in the U.S. But , says Theron , there is no point in complaining about the tough time women have getting work behind the scenes in the movies . Do you think breaking through through the glass ceiling is still an issue for women in Hollywood ?? "  I try not to kind of bitch and complain about what -LSB- women -RSB- do n't have , " Theron told CNN . "  It 's a tricky thing because , I think , if you want to find that lynchpin , you can , in anything . "  I look at the work that I 've done and I feel incredibly proud that I 've had the chance and the opportunity to work on the material that I have . " Originally born in South Africa , Theron is best-known for her harrowing depiction of prostitute turned serial killer Aileen Wuornos in "  Monster . " "  Monster " was also the first film Theron produced , taking a huge risk on a low-budget project with a script penned by a first-time director -- and with no previous experience of producing herself . Theron saw the film as an opportunity to move away from the lighter roles that are often thrown in the direction of a starlet with looks to spare . "  It 's what I 've been dying to do with my career , " she told UK paper The Observer at the time . "  The work I 've been doing the last couple of years is not really what I wanted . If you 're not careful , you get typecast . I was getting stuck . " She was awarded a Best Actress Oscar for her role in 2004 and "  Monster , " which was made for just $ 8 million went on to gross over $ 60 million worldwide . It is unsurprising , then , that Theron 's attitude towards women in Hollywood is one of stand-up-and-be-counted . Although , she says that she will only produce films she feels she can bring something to . "  The things that I 've produced have been because I really feel like I can lend some kind of knowledge to making a certain film . "  When I meet a certain director and there 's a certain amount of chemistry and we see the same film , and we just kind of feel like we want to set out and make a film together , it just kind of happens . " Like "  Monster " -- and Theron 's other producing credits , Cuban rap documentary "  East of Havana , " and indie drama "  Sleepwalking " -- her latest film "  The Burning Plain " is also by a first-time director . The difference this time is that Arriaga is already a well-established , Oscar-nominated Hollywood screenwriter . The Mexican filmmaker first came to prominence through his close relationship with fellow Mexican Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu . Arriaga wrote the screenplays for "  Amores Perros , " Oscar-nominated "  Babel " and "  21 Grams , " all of which were directed by Irritu . Arriaga , famed for his nonlinear narrative style , also wrote the screenplay for "  The Burning Plain , " a project of such personal resonance for the writer that it was a natural progression for him to also direct the film . Despite Theron 's success in bringing Arriaga 's vision to the big screen , Theron says she is not ready to move into producing bigger films yet . "  There 's no way that I , right now , could produce a massive blockbuster , " Theron told CNN . "  I just do n't feel prepared for that . "  I would n't produce something where I did n't feel like I had the skill . " However , Theron feels positive about not only her own position in Hollywood , but also that of her female peers in the industry , such as fellow Oscar winner Kate Winslet . "  I thought Kate Winslet did an amazing job . I do think that it 's in our hands to make sure we keep working with the right people who want to go and explore those themes and want to push the envelope and want to tell great female stories . "	Theron says women must make their own success behind the camera In her 15 years working in Hollywood , she has produced four films She produced "  Monster , " for which she was awarded a Best Actress Oscar Theron on being a woman working in Hollywood : "  I try not to bitch and complain "
CNN  -- Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were created to help individuals realize the American dream of home ownership , but they now find their survival at risk in the U.S. mortgage crisis . Steps to shore up FannieMae and Freddie Mac could eventually stabilize home prices . Friday 's closure of California-based IndyMac bank by federal regulators on Friday sparked investor panic that sent shares of mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on a wild ride and fueled speculation of a government rescue . On Sunday , the Treasury Department and Federal Reserve announced steps to make funds available to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac if necessary . IndyMac , which reopened Monday under federal supervision , was once one of the nation 's largest home lenders . Thanks in part to the nation 's mortgage crisis , it lost hundreds of millions of dollars this year and last , and concerns about the bank led customers to withdraw $ 1.3 billion in the last two weeks , prompting the government takeover . Below , CNN 's Ali Velshi and Gerri Willis answer questions about Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and IndyMac and how you may be affected . Q : What are Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and what do they do ? A : Originally chartered by Congress , both were converted into private companies with shares traded on Wall Street . Neither company directly loans money to prospective home buyers . Instead , they buy mortgages from banks and other lenders on the secondary market , thus freeing up more funds to home lenders . They resell bundled loans as mortgage-backed securities . Read more about Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac " Combined , the two companies own or guarantee almost half of the home loans in the United States , or $ 5.3 trillion of mortgage debt . Q : How did they get their names ? A : Fannie Mae was created in 1938 , during the Great Depression . The nickname comes from the acronym FNMA , which stands for Federal National Mortgage Association . Freddie Mac was chartered by Congress as a private corporation in 1970 to end Fannie Mae 's monopoly over the secondary mortgage market . The name Freddie Mac spawns from the acronym FHLMC , or Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. . Q : What 's the connection between the IndyMac takeover and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ? A : Nothing , except both crises stem from the same problem : a drop in home prices and the inability of mortgage-holders to make their payments , thereby leaving banks  whether it was IndyMac , an actual lender , or Fannie/Freddie , the secondary banks that had bought mortgages  holding the bag . Q : Will the government 's actions change the value of my home ? A : Steps the federal government is taking to shore up Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae is ultimately a positive for the housing industry . Although it wo n't happen overnight , housing prices could be stabilized by the move . The reason ? These two institutions are critical to the smooth functioning of the mortgage underwriting industry . Q : Is my money safe in the bank ? A : Up to certain limits , money is safe in banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. . The FDIC guarantees traditional bank accounts up to $ 100,000 and individual retirement accounts up to $ 250,000 . Money beyond those limits is n't guaranteed if a bank fails . In the case of IndyMac , the FDIC says it will cover 50 percent of uninsured balances there . But as a practical matter , consumers should n't count on that . Bottom line : Owning accounts with amounts that exceed the FDIC limits is like driving without a seat belt . Watch : Is your bank safe ? " Q : How are the government 's moves to help Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac going to affect mortgages , loans and the federal budget deficit ? A : Shoring up Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae is good news for consumer lending lending generally because it boosts confidence in the mortgage markets . If you already have a loan , it 's wo n't have immediate consequences . We do n't yet know if it will be successful and how much the two entities might take advantage of the federal governments offer to lend them money . For that reason , it 's difficult to say what the impact might be on the federal budget deficit . Suffice it to say , however , that the buck always seems to stop with the American taxpayer .	Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac own or guarantee almost half of U.S. home loans Government announces steps to shore up mortgage giants if necessary Steps could stabilize home prices
Editor 's note : Mark Sawyer is associate professor of African American Studies and Political Science at UCLA and the director of the Center for the Study of Race , Ethnicity and Politics . His published work includes a book , "  Racial Politics in Post-Revolutionary Cuba , " which received the DuBois Award for the best book by the National Conference of Black Political Scientists and the Ralph Bunche Award from the American Political Science Association . Mark Sawyer says practitioners of blackface always try to justify it , but the defenses do n't ring true . CNN  -- Harry Connick Jr. almost got it right when he challenged the doctors who mocked the Jacksons in blackface on an Australian version of "  the Gong Show . " The fact is , even Australians know better . It is n't that they did not know that what they were doing was shocking and offensive ; they just thought they could get away with it . "  If they turned up looking like that in the United States , " he said on the "  Hey Hey It 's Saturday " television show , "  Hey , hey , there 's no more show . " In a message posted on his Web site , Connick wrote that "  in the American culture , the blackface image is steeped in a negative history and considered offensive . " He also wrote , "  I do not believe that the performers intended any harm . " Let 's put this in context . Australians have their own ugly history of racism against Aborigines . One in which half-white , half-Aborigine children were forcibly taken from their mothers and raised in group homes so they could learn to properly integrate into white society . They know better . There is no cultural context in which blackface minstrelsy is okay or acceptable . Blackface is one of the most pernicious and painful stereotypes about people of African descent . It is also global . Blackface has appeared everywhere from Mexico to Japan , and it is always ugly , despite what those who put it on claim . The doctors who did the Jackson "  tribute " claimed that they were honoring Michael Jackson . They were mocking him , and that is what blackface has always been . The same applies for those like a responder on the Guardian Web site who suggests that blackface models presented in French Vogue magazine are simply cultural play : "  The American cultural imperialists of the Anglosphere are out in force again . " It is neither imperialist or wrong to point out racist imagery , even if done in good fun . In a cruel twist , the commenter takes the victims of racism and imperialism and calls them the perpetrators . But both the photographers and French Vogue are aware of the problems of racism in Europe and the barriers black women face in the fashion industry . Like old blackface minstrelsy , when you ca n't find blacks you think are worthy to play the part , you simply blacken up white actors or , in this case , models . The message : Real black people are n't good enough at being themselves . Whether it is the original white "  Amos and Andy " or white fraternity/sorority girls and boys , blackface is always about mocking black skin and presenting stereotypical black behavior . Minstrels always clown around , sing and dance and otherwise dehumanize the individuals they represent . The blackface itself by whites reduces them to one critical feature : their black skin . And in almost every case , even this one , it 's exaggerated . None of the Jacksons are that dark ; it is a rank racial caricature . It always has been . Even in the early days of blackface minstrelsy , those who practiced it did not see themselves as promoting pernicious racial stereotypes and hatred but , like the doctors on the Australian show , honoring fun aspects of African-American culture and being . No one then or now who uses blackface cops to saying , "  I intend to dehumanize black people . " Everyone has an excuse or an alternative explanation of what it means . From the frat boys to the Spanish Formula One fans mocking black driver Lewis Hamilton to the soccer fans who throw bananas on a soccer field in Europe just for fun , they all make attempts to excuse the behavior by saying they 're personally not racist and they never meant to hurt anyone . The most common response is , they do n't understand the reaction . But they do . Blackface is always designed as comedy , to shock , to mock and to get a few laughs . For a Jackson tribute , one can see the prisoners from a jail in the Philippines dancing to Michael Jackson 's "  Thriller . " Their moving homage did n't need blackface . Jackson 's music and dancing were what moved , motivated and captivated them , not his skin color and hair texture . So whether it 's racist caricatures on Mexican stamps or Australian doctors , the signs and symbols of demeaning black people are universal . They transcend continents , cultures and genres . At the same time , so are the denials . The people who traffic in them always have the same set of denials . They did in late 19th-century and early 20th-century America , and they do now in Australia , Mexico or Spain . They do it because they want to honor black people , they want to take in black culture and expression , and they ca n't do so without putting on blackface . They also all know it is offensive but think it is n't so offensive that they ca n't get away with it . They just ca n't resist race and blackness as the vehicle for comedy . Research shows that whites in countries like Cuba , Brazil , France and many others often express higher levels of racism against blacks in surveys and experiments that tap unconscious attitudes than in the United States . The rancor that has surrounded race in the United States -- while not creating a post-racial America -- has at least moved the dial substantially in terms of racial attitudes among whites and made a substantial portion of them more sensitive to the issue . Though many other countries look down upon the U.S. racial past , they often do so at the expense of asking hard questions about their racial present . The United States is certainly not perfect , but we also have elected a black president and come a long way toward making anti-racism a norm . Such that a white Southern musician recognizes an ugly racial caricature when he sees one . Harry , as a son of the South , you were both calling it right but also being polite . I applaud you for calling it as it is , but you gave them too much credit for ignorance . They knew they were offending ; they just thought , like many others , they could get away with it . Fortunately , they did n't . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Sawyer .	Mark Sawyer : Harry Connick Jr. was right to condemn Australian use of blackface He says blackface is always demeaning to people of color He says racial attitudes in U.S. are more progressive than in some nations Sawyer : Connick gave Australians too much credit for ignorance of the offense
CNN  -- Sometimes the hardest thing is to say "  no " to a friend . All the more reason to applaud the bravery of Lee Saunders and the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees . A few months ago , the United Negro College Fund accepted a $ 25 million grant from Charles and David Koch to support scholarships for minority students . It raised more than a few eyebrows . After all , everyone -- including me -- reveres the college fund . Its contribution to the cause of equal opportunity is legendary . But few people still alive have done more to promote policies that hurt African-Americans than the Koch brothers . The Koch brothers are one of the most prominent funders of organizations that work to restrict early voting and registration and effectively disenfranchise African-Americans . They oppose the minimum wage , which would disproportionately help black workers . They are spending millions to lie to the public about climate disruption , which hurts the most vulnerable communities first . In other words , the Koch brothers ' agenda is great for African-Americans -- so long as we do not want to vote , make a living or avoid our homes being swept away in a flood . It is one thing to accept money from dubious sources . One could argue -- convincingly -- that the college fund was taking money from a bad source and doing something good with it . But the breaking point came a few weeks ago when United Negro College Fund President Michael Lomax appeared at a Koch brothers ' retreat in California . The public stated purpose of this event was to build support for the Koch brothers ' various political causes . The moment he stepped through the door , Lomax lent the his organization 's good name to a radical agenda that causes untold damage to African-Americans . All this was too much for AFSCME , a predominantly African-American union with a long civil rights track record that had partnered with the United Negro College Fund for years in giving out scholarships . Last month , Saunders sent Lomax a letter ending their partnership . It was a tough decision , no doubt -- but it was the right one .  Full disclosure : AFSCME once made a donation to Rebuild the Dream , an organization that I lead . I am all for education . That is one of the reasons I helped start #YesWeCode , an initiative to teach computer science to black , brown and low-income young people . I am the first to point out how much brilliance and creativity our nation is losing by failing to uplift youth from low-opportunity backgrounds . That 's why I am usually such a huge fan of the United Negro College Fund . But the Koch money seems to have come with strings attached . The funds are earmarked only for young people with "  an interest in the study of how entrepreneurship , economics , and innovation contribute to well-being for individuals , communities , and society . " To many , that sounds like the Koch brothers are restricting the funds only to students who adopt the Koch 's economic and political views . Koch representatives will even help choose which students qualify for scholarships . It is also worth noting that AFSCME did not end its support for minority scholarships . The union will still give just as much money to young scholars as it always has -- just through other channels . It is simply choosing not to partner with a group that is lending a helping hand to those whose political views most African-Americans detest . After all , according to documents reported by The Progressive and the Center for Media and Discovery , Charles Koch was once a member of the John Birch Society , the far-right group that so opposed the civil rights movement that it declared the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. a communist . And that one of the speakers at the Koch retreat was Charles Murray of the notorious "  The Bell Curve , " a book he co-authored that argued blacks and Latinos were innately less intelligent than whites and Asians , and to blame for every social injustice they face . Endorsing these views in exchange for scholarship funding is not worth it . It is not two steps forward , one step back . It is half a step forward , then go sit in the back of the bus . Lomax and the United Negro College Fund may not agree . Conservatives definitely do not -- Rush Limbaugh tactfully likened the college fund to slaves and AFSCME to slaveholders . But AFSCME has an obligation to its members not to align itself with this kind of behavior . It is harder to say "  no " to a friend than an enemy . But in this case , the hard path was also the right one .	The United Negro College Fund accepted $ 25 million from Koch brothers to use for scholarships Van Jones : Koch brothers fund , promote policies destructive to African-Americans Union that worked with United Negro College Fund decided to break ties as a result Jones agrees with union , says college fund chief going to Koch retreat was wrong
Few people would use the word "  fantastic " to describe a visit to Fukushima , the site of Japan 's 2011 nuclear disaster . But Lady Barbara Judge is not just anybody . Judge , a 66-year-old lawyer and businesswoman with dual British and American citizenship , has been called in by the Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  , the company behind the Fukushima , to help relaunch Japan 's nuclear power program , which was suspended completely in March 2011 . On March 11 , 2011 , Japan suffered its largest recorded earthquake and tsunami , which killed thousands and devastated parts of the country . Seawater flooded the Fukushima nuclear power planted and caused loss of cooling and partial meltdown in three reactor units . The nuclear accident was eventually classified at Level 7 , the highest on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale , and the authorities evacuated residents within a 20-kilometer radius of the plant . Judge visited Fukushima Saturday to talk to workers in her new role as deputy chairman of TEPCO 's Nuclear Reform Monitoring Committee . "  It was fantastic , " she said . "  It was absolutely hope and enthusiasm , not despair . " Judge met TEPCO employees , some of whom had been on duty on the day of the accident and others who had been working at the plant ever since to clean up the debris and radiation and to make the site fit to reopen . "  I was extremely impressed that these people were so dedicated , " said Judge . "  They were heroes . " She added : "  I was amazed at how much work had been done to clear up the site and the high aspiration to make the site the safest in the world . " Judge , who was chairman of the UK Atomic Energy Authority for two years from 2004 , is relishing the unenviable task of helping TEPCO restore its nuclear energy production . Despite her experience , she knows she was an outsider for her new role at TEPCO . "  Choosing a foreign woman was an important decision  for TEPCO  because women are not often seen at the senior executive level of business in Japan , " she said . Judge 's first tasks in Japan are helping TEPCO change its safety culture and restore public confidence . "  It is a very big challenge because , before the accident , there was a very close relationship between the nuclear regulator and the plant operators , " said Judge . "  They all knew each other , had been educated together , and therefore there was no competitive regulatory tension . " "  We need to change the culture so that people will be praised and rewarded for pointing out problems . They used to be afraid to say that anything was wrong . " On Judge 's first visit to Fukushima Saturday , she was particularly keen to talk to women , who she believes are likely to be the strongest opponents of nuclear power . She said : "  Approximately 20,000 lives were lost as a result of the earthquake and tsunami , but not one of those who died did so as a result of radiation . And radiation experts believe that no-one will die from radiation . " Estimates about the health impact of radiation have varied hugely . One study , by John Hoeve and Mark Jacobson at Stanford University estimated there could be 130 additional cancer deaths , mostly in Japan , as a result of the radiation . Kathryn Higley , head of Nuclear Engineering & Radiation Health Physics at Oregon State University said , in a July 2012 interview with CNN , that although the methods of the Hoeve and Jacobson study were standard , there is still uncertainty around them . Given how much cancer already exists in the world , it would be very difficult to prove that anyone 's cancer was caused by the incident at Fukushima Daiichi . World Health Organization estimates that 7.8 million people died worldwide in 2008 , so 130 out of that number is quite small , she added . A United Nations scientific body is carrying out a full inquiry , but its interim findings found no serious impact on health . " Working on nuclear power is the latest twist in a career that has taken Judge from law to banking , to countless boardrooms . In the 1980s , she was the youngest ever commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  SEC  and the first female director of a British merchant bank . Her title comes from her second marriage to Sir Paul Judge , former director general of the British Conservative Party , who juggles a similarly vast array of titles in business and public bodies . Judge -- then Barbara Thomas -- started her career as a star law student at New York University with a drive to succeed inherited from her mother . "  Originally , when I told my mother I wanted to be an actress she said that we did n't need any starving actresses in the family , and , if I wanted to act , I should do it in front of a jury and become a lawyer , " she said . "  My mother was the smartest person I know and she fundamentally believed that women should have a career to offer them the opportunity to be independent . " Judge 's graduation coincided with a push to get more women into big , American law firms and with her top grades , she was able to secure several offers . "  I worked extremely hard , often until 3am , but it paid off as I became a partner in my law firm by the time I was 31 , " she said . At the age of 33 , Judge became the youngest ever commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  SEC  . "  That was the big break that changed my life , " she said . Also on Leading Women : The British-born artist who became one of India 's leading talents While at the SEC , Judge had her son , Lloyd Thomas , and took only 12 days off work , returning on day 13 to give a speech to 200 brokers . "  My mother always told me that as long as you have good childcare , you could have a career -- in fact , a good job was harder to find than a good nanny , " she said . "  I have a wonderful relationship with my son and he is proud of the fact that I worked full time , even when he was young . "  You can have a serious career and also be a serious mother . " In 1983 , after three years at the SEC , Judge 's first husband relocated to Hong Kong , so she got a job as the first woman director of a British merchant bank , Samuel Montague & Co , to join him in what was then a British territory . "  It was very much a boys ' club and it was difficult to be accepted , particularly as an American woman trained as a lawyer , not a banker . " Thirty years on , Judge is still working at the same furious pace and gets up before 5.30 am every day to work before breakfast . She plans to take after her mother , who did not retire from her job as a university associate dean until the age of 87 . The owner of a resume littered with firsts -- rising to the top of a man 's world in the 1970s and 80s -- Judge will inevitably be described as a pioneer for women . "  I feel more like a pioneer now than I did when it was happening , " she said . "  I never really thought of myself as a ` woman ' in the context of my professional life , I only thought I was a ` person . ' " "  The real pioneer was my mother . "	Tokyo Electric Power Company asks Lady Barbara Judge to help rebuild nuclear power post Fukushima Lady Judge is a British-American lawyer and banker who led UK Atomic Energy Authority In 1980s , she was youngest ever commissioner of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and first female director of British merchant bank
London  CNN  -- Three co-authors of the U.N. report into the 2008-09 Gaza war parted ways with a dramatic reconsideration of key conclusions by Richard Goldstone , the team 's chairman and fourth author . Pakistani human rights lawyer Hina Jilani ; Christine Chinkin , professor of international law at the London School of Economics ; and Desmond Travers , a retired Irish soldier and peacekeeper , said in a Guardian newspaper column in Britain on Thursday that they want "  to dispel any impression that subsequent developments have rendered any part of the mission 's report unsubstantiated , erroneous or inaccurate . " "  There is no justification for any demand or expectation for reconsideration of the report as nothing of substance has appeared that would in any way change the context , findings or conclusions of that report with respect to any of the parties to the Gaza conflict , " they said in the British daily . "  The report of the fact-finding mission contains the conclusions made after diligent , independent and objective consideration of the information related to the events within our mandate , and careful assessment of its reliability and credibility . We firmly stand by these conclusions . " The report , issued in September 2009 , is officially called the "  United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict , " but it is popularly named the "  Goldstone Report " after the former South African jurist . The report found both Israel and Hamas likely committed war crimes and possible crimes against humanity during the conflict between December 27 , 2008 , and January 18 , 2009 . Israel launched the offensive against Gaza militants in response to ongoing firing of rockets against southern Israeli towns . However , in a Washington Post op-ed column posted on the newspaper 's website , Goldstone said he would have reached different conclusions if the Israeli military had been more forthcoming and if he had known the results of subsequent investigations . "  If I had known then what I know now , the Goldstone Report would have been a different document , " wrote Goldstone . Goldstone wrote that Israeli investigations found cases involving individual soldiers , but the intentional targeting of civilians was not a "  matter of policy . " The U.N. Human Rights Council , which assigned Goldstone and others to the fact-finding mission , approved the controversial report , which focused more on alleged war crimes by Israel . Israel later provided the United Nations with a report justifying its actions . Israel said it faced "  asymmetric conflicts " and blamed "  militants operating from within and behind civilian areas " for placing civilians at risk . In his column , Goldstone cites a subsequent report by a U.N. committee of independent experts , which found Israel investigated more than 400 allegations of misconduct while Hamas has "  not conducted any investigations into the launching of rocket and mortar attacks against Israel . " "  That the crimes allegedly committed by Hamas were intentional goes without saying -- its rockets were purposefully and indiscriminately aimed at civilian targets , " Goldstone wrote . Goldstone said Israel should have conducted proceedings in a public forum and been more cooperative during his panel 's investigation . "  Israel 's lack of cooperation with our investigation meant that we were not able to corroborate how many Gazans killed were civilians and how many were combatants , " Goldstone wrote in the Washington Post article . But the three co-authors in the Guardian assert Israel and Hamas "  have yet to establish a convincing basis for any claims that contradict the findings of the mission 's report . " They argue that the follow-up U.N. report , written by a committee led by Judge Mary McGowan Davies criticized Israel , expressing "  serious concerns about the late start and slow pace of the proceedings , their insufficient transparency and the participation of victims and witnesses . " "  In addition , with regard to the issue of the policies guiding Operation Cast Lead , the committee states that there is ` no indication that Israel has opened investigations into the actions of those who designed , planned , ordered and oversaw Operation Cast Lead . ' In other words , one of the most serious allegations about the conduct of Israel 's military operations remains completely unaddressed , " the three wrote , referring to the name of the Israeli offensive . Echoing a report by the follow-up committee , the three say they regret that "  no domestic investigations at all have been started into any of the allegations of international crimes committed by members of Palestinian armed groups in Gaza which have fired thousands of rockets into southern Israel . " The Israeli government and others have called for the United Nations to retract the Goldstone report , but the three reject those stances as well as what they say have been "  personal attacks and the extraordinary pressure " on the members of the fact-finding mission . "  Had we given in to pressures from any quarter to sanitize our conclusions , we would be doing a serious injustice to the hundreds of innocent civilians killed during the Gaza conflict , the thousands injured , and the hundreds of thousands whose lives continue to be deeply affected by the conflict and the blockade , " the three said . Yigal Palmor , Israel 's Foreign Ministry spokesman , on Thursday reiterated Israel 's negative position on the Goldstone report , citing flaws and biases in the document . He defended Israeli investigations into the report and endorsements by international authorities that the country sincerely worked to seek justice . A Palestinian Authority government spokesman welcomed the column and said it is "  very disturbing that members of the committee say they have been put under pressure to sanitize their conclusions . " "  Israel must not be allowed to influence the outcome of what needs to be an objective process . Nor must Israel be allowed to investigate its own actions and find itself not guilty , " Ghassan Khatib said . CNN 's Paul Colsey and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report	Three Goldstone report co-authors stand by mission Goldstone recently questioned the conclusions Both sides criticize Israel , Hamas for lack of investigations
CNN  -- I 've always lived in a world of letters and alphabets . One of my earliest recollections is memorizing every line and curve of the ABC 's on a baby blanket my grandparents gave me . I learned to read at an early age , but my favorite books were dictionaries . I wanted no plot , no narrative , just the onrush of one word after another . This obsessive attention to letters and orthography led me to victory at the 1986 National Spelling Bee . My winning word : odontalgia , which means toothache . Winning the Bee can lead to all kinds of aches -- headaches , stomachaches , growing pains . But it can also be the time of a young kid 's life . If you were to ask me whether the National Spelling Bee leads to obsessive levels of competition , I would say "  absolutely . " But that 's not necessarily a bad thing . The same obsessions that lead a child to win a spelling bee are not much different from the obsessions that might someday lead a scientist to the cure for cancer . The agony and ecstasy of the National Spelling Bee What is great about the National Spelling Bee is that it provides a safe space for prepubescent kids to meet peers with a similar obsession for words . When I was in junior high , public schools tolerated a much higher background level of bullying than they do in the post-Columbine era , but when I was at the Spelling Bee , I fit in . Yes , I won the championship , and I am always grateful for that , but ironically , the downside to being champion is that it gives you a lot less time to socialize with your fellow word nerds . People ask me what it was like to win the National Spelling Bee , but I mostly remember the lights and flashbulbs of the press that followed my victory . They were so blindingly bright to me I eventually borrowed my mother 's tinted sunglasses to cut down on the glare . I was flown from Washington to New York to appear on "  Good Morning America , " then flown back almost as quickly to shake hands with President Ronald Reagan in the White House Rose Garden . Then it was on to "  The Tonight Show " with Johnny Carson .  For those of you younger folk , Johnny Carson is the late night TV guy before the other late night TV guy before Jimmy Fallon .  Carson was extremely personable to me and seemed to prefer hosting "  ordinary " guests like a spelling bee winner or some farmer who won a Guinness World Record for growing the world 's largest pumpkin instead of going through yet another interview with a movie star trying to plug his or her latest film . National Spelling Bee Fast Facts After appearing on "  The Tonight Show , " I talked less and less about winning the National Spelling Bee . I would occasionally get ribbed for it at school  or asked to spell an off-color word or two  , but generally , it was less of a bother to let it fade into the background . I barely told anybody about it in college . In fact , a schoolmate only found out after finding my name listed as a spelling bee champion in an old copy of the World Almanac . When I watch the telecasts of the National Spelling Bee today , I 'm impressed at the increasing level of competition that the kids bring to the bee each year . I won the over 25 years ago , but today , I 'm not sure I could break out of the top 50 . One of these days , a kid will memorize every single word in Webster 's Third New International , and the judges may be forced to coin new words on the spot to declare a champion . Until then , I 'm not only astounded by the quality of competition , but also uplifted by the spirit of fair play and mutual support that the spellers display to each other . Tonight one competitor will be crowned the 2013 National Spelling Bee victor and embark on a similar journey to the one I did 27 years ago . If I could impart any wisdom to the winner , it would be this : Life does n't begin or end with the spelling bee . It just gives you some wonderful tales to tell along the way . Were you a bee kid ? How far did you go ? Share your story in the comments below .	Jon Pennington won the National Spelling Bee in 1986 The bee provided a safe space for smart kids to meet one another Pennington met Johnny Carson and Ronald Reagan These days , the topic does n't come up much
CNN  Vice presidential ear whispers . Awkward actor-singer chin grabs . And who could forget the belly grab-cheek smooch that rocked the Internet ? It 's enough to make you ask : What in the world has happened to personal space ? Or , in the case of the Internet , you make fun . There 's John Travolta kissing not actress Scarlett Johansson -- as in the original incident from Sunday 's Academy Awards -- but Russian President Vladimir Putin , North Korea 's Supreme Leader Kim Jong Un or the Statue of Liberty . Then there 's Travolta holding "  Frozen " star Idina Menzel 's chin and being urged to "  Let her go ... let her go ! " "  Today 's word . #Travolta -  verb  - To touch  meaning  - For example , I like to travolta your cheeks , " Twitter user @IamMrTex wrote Tuesday . Of course , invasions of personal space are n't anything new . It 's been more than 20 years since "  Seinfeld " brought us the "  close talker , " and it was old news even then . But all the jokes aside -- and there were plenty -- there is a serious side to this . Take a look at these photos , and a theme emerges . There 's Travolta grabbing Johansson , who received an even more invasive grab at the 2006 Golden Globes , when designer Isaac Mizrahi actually grabbed her breast on the red carpet while checking out the construction of her dress . Then there 's Biden gripping the shoulders of Stephanie Carter , the wife of the new U.S. defense secretary , last week . That image evoked memories of former President George W. Bush 's awkward shoulder massage of German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the 2006 G8 summit . Though the notion of cultural space varies with culture , Americans are undisputed champions for a large personal zone , argues University of Massachusetts , Amherst psychology professor Susan Krauss Whitbourne . And although they make might for laughs by violating the unspoken rules of personal space in such egregious ways , Travolta , Biden and others are demonstrating a cultural disregard for women , she said . "  Breaking those zones shows a lack of respect , " she said . "  It 's a way of showing your power . " Do n't argue that it happens to everyone , columnist Barbara Ellen wrote in the Guardian . "  Even though it happens to some males sometimes , it happens to females all the time , " she said . "  Try to imagine the White House situation with the roles reversed -- Stephanie Carter gripping Biden 's shoulders ; or , to even things up , Hillary Clinton or Angela Merkel doing the grabbing and whispering , " she said . "  It 's implausible to say the least . " The power plays do happen among men but take on a different cast . There 's a whole field of research into the "  power handshake " -- who stands where and does what -- that elevates a simple , quiet greeting into proxy chest thumping . And then there 's trying to escape when one latches on a party , author Mark Mason wrote in the Spectator this week . "  There 's a particular breed of alpha who displays his credentials by standing unnervingly close to you , his face just a few inches from yours , eye contact maintained for what seems like centuries , " he wrote . "  Some of them even avoid blinking , " he said . "  Or is that just how it feels ? "	Personal space gaffes by John Travolta , Vice President Joe Biden make for new memes But the incidents belie a more serious message , a psychologist says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Though she is free to leave court-ordered rehab for substance abuse this week , actress Lindsay Lohan 's legal issues could get more complicated after police in California said she violated her probation . The Riverside County Sheriff 's Department said Lohan violated probation when she allegedly tussled with a then-staff member at the Betty Ford Center here as she was undergoing three months of court-ordered substance abuse rehab . Authorities plan to send the result of their investigation to the district attorney 's office to decide if the actress should face battery charges -- even though the former staff member has said she will no longer cooperate with the investigation and does not want charges filed , the department said Monday . "  It is expected that this investigation will be sent to the district attorney 's office later this week , " the sheriff 's office added . The Betty Ford Center fired the staffer , Dawn Holland , after information about the December 12 incident was leaked to the media . "  When patients come to the center for treatment , they come to a safe place where their identity is protected , where anonymity is safeguarded , " the center said in a statement , without confirming Holland was the employee in question . Holland has told investigators she will "  no longer be cooperating with the investigation and does not wish to have charges filed , " the sheriff 's office said . Last month , Lohan 's lawyer Shawn Chapman Holley confirmed that an "  incident " had taken place , but declined to comment on what happened . Meanwhile , Holland 's lawyer said last month that the former staffer was "  targeted , unmercifully interrogated , intimidated and threatened with her livelihood " by the treatment center . Lohan checked into the Betty Ford Center on September 27 after it became clear a judge intended to send her to jail because of a failed drug test . The judge eventually ordered Lohan to stay in the drug rehabilitation program until Monday instead of going to jail . Lohan 's probation is scheduled to end in August of 2011 . Prosecutor Danette Meyers said she expects to see Lohan back in municipal court on February 1 for a review of whether she has fulfilled the terms of her probation . Lohan 's legal troubles began when she was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence ; in the second incident , she was charged with cocaine possession . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Elden Fox has said if Lohan violates the rules of her rehab program or fails a drug test before her court date on February 25 , she will be sent to jail for 180 days . CNN 's Alan Duke and In Session 's Grace Wong contributed to this report .	Investigators have been looking into claim that Lohan tussled with an employee Officials expect a copy of the investigation to go to a district attorney 's office this week Authorities say the former staffer will "  no longer be cooperating in the investigation " Lohan is free to leave court-ordered rehab this week
Albuquerque police shot a homeless man in the back and killed him , and it was all caught on gruesome detail in a police video . It is just one more in a long line of police killings that has the city 's Police Department on the verge of federal oversight . James Boyd , a mentally disturbed man who friends say was attempting to camp out in the foothills above Albuquerque one night in March because city homeless shelters had closed , was holding two small camping knives . Officers negotiated with him for five hours , eventually winning agreement from Boyd to leave the makeshift -- and illegal -- campsite . Then a police stun grenade went off , Boyd , 38 , turned his back and three shots were fired . Police video shows Boyd on his stomach on the ground , wheezing for breath as officers sic a dog on his legs and fire bean bag rounds at him . He was already mortally wounded . An autopsy on Boyd found he was shot in the back . The medical examiner ruled the death a homicide . The horrific encounter , routinely recorded as part of police protocol , is now a key part of an ongoing drama in New Mexico 's largest city -- a series of protests against the police and city officials . Federal officials are close to a deal that would have them supervising the Albuquerque Police Department . Records show that 26 people have been killed by city police in Albuquerque since 2010 , a per capita rate of officer-involved deaths higher than New York City and Chicago . Forty people have been wounded by police over the same period of time . So far , the city has paid out $ 30 million in settlements and officials acknowledge that amount will grow . In a report written before Boyd 's shooting , the U.S. Department of Justice blamed the Police Department for poor training and said "  we find that the department engages in a pattern or practice of using excessive force during the course of arrests and other detentions in violation of the Fourth Amendment . " Boyd 's death has been added to the list of questionable killings . In April 2011 , a young Albuquerque man -- whose parents had contacted police because he had mental health issues -- was killed in his own backyard by two plainclothes police . The officers had come to the home of Christopher Torres on an arrest warrant issued the month before . They said he was armed and shot him in the back as they wrestled on the ground . Torres ' parents , Stephen and Renatta Torres , say he was holding a broomstick , which he laid down when police approached . They sued police , and a judge awarded them $ 6 million in a civil judgment , saying the police testimony was "  not credible . " The Albuquerque district attorney , Kari Brandenburg , cleared the two officers in the Torres killing . She has cleared every other police officer involved in a killing during her last 13 years in office . Police Chief Gordon Eden has been on the job for only about three months . Initially , he called Boyd 's shooting "  justified " but tells CNN that he spoke "  prematurely , and I should n't have . " Eden says he is "  holding people to a higher degree of culpability , " but he is also facing Justice Department oversight . Report : Albuquerque police have ` pattern ' of excessive , deadly force	James Boyd , 25 others killed by Albuquerque police since 2010 Federal officials negotiating to supervise local police force New police chief first called Boyd 's death "  justified , " then said that was premature So far , $ 30 million has been paid out in settlements
Emmy-winning actress Polly Bergen , whose TV and movie career spanned more than six decades , has died , her publicist said . Bergen -- who was 84 , according to her profile on IMDb.com -- died peacefully at her home in Southbury , Connecticut , on Saturday morning , publicist Judy Katz said in a statement . She was surrounded by her family , longtime manager and friends . The Tennessee native first appeared on screen in the 1949 Western "  Across the Rio Grande . " She had notable roles in the films "  Cape Fear " in 1962 and "  The Caretakers " the following year . She won an Emmy Award in 1958 for work in the CBS anthology series "  Playhouse 90 . " She was nominated three more times , including for roles in two miniseries : "  Winds of War " in 1983 and "  War and Remembrance " in 1988-1989 , both on ABC . Bergen was nominated in 2008 for outstanding guest actress in "  Desperate Housewives , " playing the mother of Felicity Huffman 's character , Lynette . People we 've lost in 2014	Bergen dies at home in Connecticut , her publicist says Her career spanned more than six decades She won an Emmy in 1958 and was nominated three more times
CNN  -- A testy exchange erupted on Thursday between Sen. John McCain and Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey during the latter 's testimony about September 's deadly attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi , Libya . "  Gen. Dempsey , I was just going over your written statement and I have to admit it 's one of the more bizarre statements that I have ever seen in my years in this committee , " McCain said , referring to the Senate Armed Services Committee . Thursday 's testimony is the latest in a string of accounts to congressional committees about the attacks , which occurred September 11 and resulted in the deaths of four Americans , including U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens . "  When you 're talking about the Benghazi issue , you say , ` We positioned our forces in a way that was informed by and consistent with available threat estimates , ' " McCain continued . "  Then you go on to say , ` Our military was appropriately responsive , ' even though seven hours passed and two Americans died at the end of that . Then you go on and say , ` We did what our posture and capabilities allowed . ' " McCain said a base in Crete was just 90 minutes away . "  We could have placed forces there , " he said . "  We could have had aircraft and other capabilities a short distance away at Souda Bay , Crete . So , for you to testify before this committee that they were consistent with available threat estimates is simply false ; that our military was appropriately responsive . " "  I stand by my testimony , your dispute of it notwithstanding , " Dempsey replied . McCain countered , "  Well , perhaps you can give me some facts that would substantiate it . " Dempsey then said that a contingent was not sent because the State Department did n't request one . "  So it 's the State Department 's fault , " McCain challenged . "  I 'm not blaming the State Department , " Dempsey responded . "  I 'm sure they had their own assessment . " Dempsey said he stood by the conclusion of an independent review board , which concluded the "  interagency response was timely and appropriate , but there simply was not enough time , given the speed of the attacks , for armed U.S. military assets to have made a difference . " The board has made 29 recommendations , all of which have been accepted by the State Department . Later in his testimony , Dempsey told Sen. Angus King , I-Maine , that the bases in the Mediterranean have aircraft , which "  was n't the right tool for the particular threat we faced . " Dempsey noted that , at the time , he was also concerned with other potential flashpoints -- Sanaa , Yemen ; Khartoum , Sudan ; Islamabad and Peshawar , Pakistan ; Kabul , Afghanistan ; and Baghdad , Iraq . "  We had some pretty significant intel threat streams against those places as well , " he said . But McCain said he had seen the threat estimates "  and none of them rose to the level of the threat in Benghazi ... that they could not withstand a sustained attack . " In response to a question from Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said he was aware of a cable sent in August by Ambassador Stevens that said security in Benghazi was not adequate . "  Unfortunately , there was no specific intelligence or indications of an imminent attack on that -- U.S. facilities in Benghazi , " Panetta said . "  And frankly without an adequate warning , there was not enough time given the speed of the attack for armed military assets to respond . " He also noted that the National Counterterrorism Center had identified some 281 threats to U.S. diplomats , diplomatic facilities , embassies , ambassadors and consulates during the six months before the attack in Benghazi . "  And to deal with that , I mean , that 's not our responsibility , " he said . "  That 's the State Department 's responsibility . " Panetta said that U.S. officials learned in the months after the incident that "  there were actually two short-duration attacks that occurred some six hours apart , " the first on the consulate and the second on an annex two miles away . "  The bottom line is this : That we were not dealing with a prolonged or continuous assault , which could have been brought to an end by a U.S. military response , very simply , although we had forces deployed to the region , " he said . Dempsey said he could not have gotten troops on the ground within 13 to 15 hours . Panetta was firm throughout his testimony that there were no "  undue delays " in decision making and there was no denial of support from Washington or from the military combatant commanders when the attack happened . "  Quite the contrary : The safe evacuation of all U.S. government personnel from Benghazi 12 hours after the initial attack " and transfer to the Ramstein Air Base in Germany "  was the result of exceptional U.S. government coordination . " He said the U.S. military response helped save lives . Obama 's talk with Panetta In the months since the attacks , Washington has been a center of debate about how much the State Department had known about threats in the region and whether , after the attacks , the administration tried to mislead the public about its nature . An independent review released in December lambasted the State Department , saying "  systemic failures and leadership and management deficiencies " led to inadequate security at the Benghazi post . In his remarks , Panetta said the initial reports of the attack were given "  almost immediately " to the U.S. Embassy in the Libyan capital of Tripoli . Within 17 minutes , Panetta said , an unarmed , unmanned surveillance aircraft was dispatched to give U.S. officials a better idea of what was happening . It arrived at the site about 70 minutes after the attack , he said . Soon , Panetta and Dempsey met with President Barack Obama , the secretary told lawmakers . Obama ordered that the Defense Department respond to the attack with "  all available DOD assets " and try to protect U.S. personnel , Panetta said . Ayotte and Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina asked how many times Obama spoke with Panetta and Dempsey after learning about the attack . Once , in a half-hour conversation with the president , the men said ; Obama did not personally get back in touch with them to ask how the mission to help personnel in Benghazi was going . "  Do you think it 's a typical response of the president of the United States to make one phone call , do what you can and never call you back again and ask you , ` How is it going , by the way ? ' " Graham asked . Panetta replied , "  The president is well-informed about what is going on , make no mistake about it . " "  Was any airplane launched in the world before the attack was concluded ? " Graham asked . "  If you 're talking about a strike aircraft , no , senator , " Dempsey said . "  Did anybody leave any base anywhere to go to the aid of the people under attack in Benghazi , Libya , before the attack ended ? " Graham asked . "  No , " Panetta responded . "  Because the attack ended . " Orders without action But orders to prepare had been given , the defense secretary testified . Panetta said a Marine security team platoon stationed in Spain was ordered to prepare for deployment while another platoon prepped to head to the embassy in Tripoli . A Special Operations force , then training in Central Europe , was told to prepare to deploy to a staging base in Southern Europe , and another Special Ops force , based in the United States , was told to prepare to move there , too . "  Some have asked why other types of armed aircraft were not dispatched to Benghazi , " he said . Armed drones , AC-130 gunships or fixed-wing fighters with the associated tanking , armaments , targeting and support capabilities were not near Libya , and it would have taken at least nine hours to deploy , he said . "  This was , pure and simple , in the absence , as I said -- of any kind of advance warning -- a problem of distance and time , " Panetta said . The quickest response option available was a Tripoli-based security team , he said . Within hours , Panetta said , that six-person team , including two U.S. military personnel , chartered a plane and flew to Benghazi . Within 15 minutes of arriving at the annex facility , they came under attack by mortar and rocket-propelled grenades , he said . Members of the team and others at the annex facility provided emergency medical assistance and supported the evacuation of all personnel . All remaining U.S. government employees were evacuated from Benghazi , Panetta said . Beefing up security There will "  always be tension " between how much security is adequate and how much would create a "  bunker-like mentality " at global posts , Panetta said . The answer is not to assign the military to run a "  fire house " next to every U.S. diplomatic location . Panetta noted that Congress , too , plays a role in the security of the nation 's diplomatic missions , and that the Department of Defense faces the prospect of sequestration -- which would result in billions of dollars of cutbacks to the Defense budget -- on March 1 . "  If Congress fails to act , sequestration is triggered , " he said . Panetta also said there must be some reliance on host countries to help with security . The attack in Benghazi "  raises concerns " about whether that 's always possible . Libya 's government has been on shaky ground since Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was ousted in 2011 . The defense secretary 's testimony comes a few weeks after Clinton told lawmakers that the State Department was moving fast to beef up security at U.S. posts worldwide . During her testimony , Clinton teared up as she recounted meeting the arrival of the caskets containing the bodies of Stevens and former Navy SEAL commandos Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty , both of whom had been working as diplomatic security officers . Sean Smith , the fourth American killed , was an information management officer . Panetta said an FBI team that includes CIA and DOD members "  has made very good progress " in identifying the attackers .	Aircraft "  was n't the right tool , " Dempsey says Joint Chiefs chairman and Sen. McCain square off in testy exchange Panetta says he did n't receive any specific threats related to Benghazi before attack Terror attack last September in Benghazi killed U.S. ambassador , three others
CNN  -- For those who grew up in the '90s , "  Boy Meets World " was definitive pop culture . From 1993-2000 , the names Cory , Topanga , Shawn , Eric , and Feeny were synonymous with Friday night , and 14 years since Mr. Feeny uttered the words "  class dismissed " on the series finale , nostalgia-addicts still miss the ABC sitcom . Now , the Disney Channel is hoping to reach a new crop of kids who will feel that same attachment , as the spin-off series "  Girl Meets World " premieres June 27 . Cory and Topanga are back , but do n't expect the same couple we saw exiting the classroom all those years ago . They are surrounded by a new crew of comedic teens , and those behind the new series are hoping they 've created a show that will please fans of the original , but also connect with a younger set looking for a program to call their own . CNN recently caught up with the cast and creator of "  Girl Meets World " in Los Angeles and discovered a whole new world . The Matthews family of the original series has moved from Philadelphia to New York City in the new series -- which is in line with the series finale . On top of a new location , the teens of this modern sitcom are facing a different breed of angst-filled drama , chock full of social media insecurities . "  We 're dealing with a lot of the same issues that we dealt with on the original series : themes of freedom from your parents and individuality and family support and relying on your friends , " says Cory Matthews himself , Ben Savage . "  But it 's in a lot more complicated framework because the world 's a lot more complicated . Twitter , Instagram , Facebook , Internet -- these are issues we did n't have to deal with in the '90s , which is shocking , but it was a totally different world . " "  Girls Meets World " stars Rowan Blanchard as 12-year-old Riley Matthews , the older of Cory and Topanga 's two kids . Riley is trying to find her place amid the pressures of family , friends and junior high . Savage returns as Cory , but now it 's his turn to teach lessons . He 's moved on from bumbling student to junior high school teacher , leading his own daughter 's class . Topanga is now a full time lawyer and mother , remaining the voice of reason for the Matthews family -- though Danielle Fishel was nervous about stepping back into the character 's shoes . "  I did n't know if it was going to be easy because it had been 14 years since I had done it consistently , " Fishel says . "  But , literally , the second Ben and I were in a room together , I was Topanga and he was Cory and it was like no time had passed at all . " Still , Fishel was taken aback when she saw where the pair had ended up . "  I 'm a little surprised that their oldest child is as old as she is , just because when they left for New York , Topanga was so focused on becoming a lawyer , " the actress admits . "  I have a feeling it was Cory who was really ready to start a family and that was something they negotiated . " Savage and Fishel both confess they did not re-watch the series to get back into character , hoping to craft new versions of the pair we first met as seventh grade students . But the show 's younger actors have each taken a crash course on the original series , despite the fact some of them were not born until after it wrapped . In fact , the teen stars view their characters as updated versions of the originals . Blanchard sees Riley as the Cory of the new show , while Sabrina Carpenter , who plays rebellious best friend Maya Hart , does n't hide the fact her character is the Shawn . Riley 's crush on new school transfer Lucas is noticeably similar to the dynamic of Cory and Topanga . But Carpenter is quick to point out this is n't the same show recycled . "  A lot has changed since the '90s , " she says . "  Technology is insane and the way that people dress , the way that people talk to each other , the way that people do n't talk to each other . " Michael Jacobs is the creative mind behind both series , and was n't initially interested in rebooting the brand . It was n't until he considered creating a set of characters for a new generation that Jacobs saw the value in a spin-off . He is well aware of the high expectations "  Boy Meets World " fans have for the new series , and has taken to heart concerns this could mess up their childhood memories of the show . "  I do n't want the new show to be compared in its pilot episode to an entire series , " Jacobs says . "  The worst nightmare I have is that we 've gotten all of this wonderful press and everyone is disappointed . I want the old audience to know if you stick with us , you will be extremely well rewarded with the growth of these characters . " For now , Cory and Topanga are the only returning characters , but that does n't mean we wo n't see old friends over the course of the season . Rider Strong  Shawn Hunter  and William Daniels  Mr. Feeny  will reportedly both make appearances , and the writers promise nods to the old show . For Fishel , there is one aspect of "  Boy Meets World " she hopes stays in the '90s -- the fashion . "  It 's so nice to not have to worry about feathered bangs or chokers or oversized crop tops , " the relieved actress says . "  We did a flashback scene and I had to wear lace and a choker , the crimped hair and the bangs . I 'm like , ` Oh my gosh ! I 'm so glad I do n't look like this anymore . ' " Jacobs is certain the relatable characters of the original series are what stood out for fans , and believes he and the writers have struck gold a second time around . "  The fact that the lead of the show was not 6-feet , sandy-haired , blue-eyed . The lead of the show was us ! We want to do it real . I want a stumbling , gawky , unsure of herself child to grow up in front of us again . We did it once and we were successful . "	"  Boy Meets World " spinoff "  Girl Meets World " makes its long-awaited debut Show creator says fans of the '90s original wo n't be disappointed But , they are confident they 've made the show modern and relevant for today 's kids
LONDON , England -- Almost 25,000 people will die this year of HIV/AIDS in Myanmar unless lifesaving treatment is significantly increased , according to a new report . A Doctors Without Borders worker handing out HIV/AIDS drugs in Myanmar . The study produced by leading international humanitarian organization , Doctors Without Borders said the failure by the government to provide HIV/AIDS treatment to its people is putting the population at risk . An estimated 240,000 people are thought to have HIV/AIDS in Myanmar with 76,000 of those people facing death unless they receive antiretroviral  ART  drug , the report published Tuesday said . Fewer than 20 percent of the people are are able to access ART , according to the organization . Currently , Doctors Without Borders says it is almost the sole provider of these lifesaving drugs -- providing them to more than 11,000 people . "  It is unacceptable that a single NGO is treating the vast majority of HIV patients in a crisis of this magnitude , " the charity 's Operations Manager Joe Belliveau , said in a press release . The pressure on its resources means the charity has been forced to turn away patients . "  Sometimes I wake up at midnight and dream of my patients . Women who come in are HIV positive -- they have three children at home and the husband has passed away and we can not provide any treatment for them , " a doctor quoted in the research said . The government and international communities have provided very little to the crisis , Belliveau added . The government of Myanmar allocated just $ 200,000 for HIV/AIDS in 2008 , which is one of the lowest amount spent worldwide , according to Doctors Without Borders . Drugs that are not provided by aid organizations or the government cost a patient $ 29 per month . With most people in Myanmar living on an average of $ 1.20 per day , the cost of drugs is unaffordable for most . The charity also appealed for intervention by the international community to avert the crisis . Myanmar currently receives around $ 3 per person in aid -- one of the lowest rates worldwide . One reason for this may be that international donor groups are reluctant to send aid to Myanmar , a country run by a strict military junta widely criticized for its atrocious human rights record . The report states aid agencies may be put off by challenges Myanmar imposes such as strict constraints and difficult bureaucratic procedures . Earlier this year when a deadly cyclone hit Myanmar that killed almost 100,000 people and left millions homeless , the government turned away international aid to the frustration of many organizations . Doctors Without Borders has been providing essential healthcare services in Myanmar since 1993 and began an integrated program in 2003 to support people living with HIV/AIDS .	HIV/AIDS treatment in Myanmar needs to improve drastically says a report More than 25,000 people will die this year if these people do n't get treatment Doctors Without Borders is almost the sole supplier of aid and need funding Government and international community need to give more money
CNN  -- Just a few days after Pope Francis decried capitalism , Argentine lawmakers weighed a new way to honor him : putting his face on a coin . A proposal to create a commemorative coin as a tribute to Latin America 's first Pope passed in Argentina 's lower house on Thursday , Rep. Oscar Cachi Martinez said in a post on his official Facebook page . Martinez first proposed the measure in April , and it garnered approval from congressional committees earlier this month . Now the bill will be sent to the South American county 's Senate for consideration . The goal of the coins , according to the text of the proposed law , is "  to commemorate an event of global dimensions , so our present and future generations remember this splendid act in the history of humanity , in which the principal actor is an Argentine . " Beneath the Pope 's face , the coins would read , "  Tribute from the Argentine People to Pope Francis . " Catholic faithful across Latin America cheered the election of Pope Francis earlier this year . Even though about 480 million of the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics live in the region , for centuries , the church 's top job had gone to Europeans . That changed with the announcement that then-Argentine Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio , who served as archbishop of Buenos Aires , would become the new Pontiff . Many Argentines were overjoyed . But the news was met with a more tepid response from President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner , who sent a dry letter of congratulations that failed to mention that Francis was the first Pope from Argentina and the Western Hemisphere . Several years before , Fernandez 's government had sparred with Bergoglio in a notorious war of words over a gay marriage law the President backed . But since his election in March , Francis has made headlines by decrying the iniquities of modern capitalism , embracing the poor and people with disabilities and reaching out to gays and lesbians . At the same time , the 77-year-old pontiff has sought to to awaken a spirit of joy and compassion in the church , scolding Catholic "  sourpusses " who hunt down rule-breakers and calling out a "  tomb psychology " that "  slowly transforms Christians into mummies in a museum . " And Martinez says there 's no doubt Pope Francis is already leaving his mark . "  To this Argentine who , for being a good pastor to his flock , especially to those who most need him , we all owe a tribute , a great tribute , " Martinez said in a post about the initiative on his official website , making the case for Argentina 's lawmakers to act . "  We believe that the way of being , the charisma and the humility of Pope Francis have managed to revive global sympathy for the Catholic Church , " he said . CNN 's Daniel Burke contributed to this report .	NEW : A proposal to create a coin honoring Pope Francis passes lower house An Argentine lawmaker proposes creating a coin to honor Pope Francis The commemorative coin aims to honor the Pope 's Argentine origin Pope Francis is the first Pontiff from Latin America
Bekaa Valley , Lebanon  CNN  -- I never imagined I would find myself in Lebanon , on the outskirts of the brutal civil war in Syria . As a 32-year-old woman from Chicago , I did n't know what to expect . When I got on the plane last week , it seemed that U.S. or allied airstrikes on Syria were imminent , and honestly , it was pretty scary . But the fear I felt about the possibility of airstrikes was put into perspective when I met 7-year-old Abdel in a Syrian refugee camp on the Lebanese border with Syria . I will never forget the first time I looked into his eyes . The sadness and fear I saw there were years beyond his age , reflecting the extreme violence and horror he has witnessed -- sights and sounds of war that most of the world will only see in the movies . Gupta : At refugee camp , nothing makes sense For the seven days I was there , most of the kids in the camp followed us in a gaggle , circling us at times , giggling and practicing their English -- "  hello " and "  thank you . " They loved to see their images on my camera 's display screen after I took their picture .	CNN producer Danielle Dellorto spent a week at a Syrian refugee camp in Lebanon 7-year-old Abdel 's story dramatizes the pain , worry , alienation that refugees face Abdel left behind comforts of home ; in a 10-by-10 tent , he 's "  the man of the house " He 's painfully thin ; he says his last meal , just rice , was a day ago
CNN  -- The largest submarine hunt in Swedish waters since the end of the Cold War . A near collision between a Russian military plane and a Swedish passenger aircraft carrying 132 people . And the abduction of an Estonian official from the territory of the NATO member , only days after U.S. President Barack Obama visited the Baltic nation . Any of these three incidents could have led to direct military confrontation between Russia and the West , a new report suggests -- and they have all taken place within the past nine months . The incidents are outlined in "  Dangerous Brinkmanship , " an analysis that lists more than 40 "  close military encounters between Russia and the West " that took place in the eight months from March to October of this year . The report , by the European Leadership Network , classifies the submarine search , airline near collision and Estonian abduction as "  high-risk incidents . " It categorizes 11 other events as "  serious " and suggests they could have escalated . Most of them involve Russian aircraft threatening NATO or its allies . Russia plans long-range bomber flights near U.S. shores They include what appears to have been a mock attack on the Danish island of Bornholm , as well as Russian aircraft making passes at a U.S. Navy warship and a Canadian frigate , and several different incidents between Russian and Swedish planes . The dramatic events are an expression of Russian President Vladimir "  Putin 's policy to claim  Russia 's  proper place in the international system , " to force the West "  to accept the fundamental change of the international order , " said Russia expert Igor Sutyagin . "  Putin is trying to intimidate the West back to friendship with Russia , " said Sutyagin , a senior research fellow at the Royal United Services Institute . The London-based think tank focuses on defense and security . "  Putin openly said that Russia is a bear and a bear never asks anybody 's permission to act as it wishes , " Sutyagin said . The Russian Ministry of Defense , Russian Air Force , and Putin 's spokesman all declined to respond to multiple CNN requests for response to the European Leadership Network report . Russian officials downplayed or dismissed many of the individual incidents at the time they were first reported . But NATO itself said at the end of October it had already conducted three times more intercepts of Russian planes in European airspace in 2014 than in all of 2013 . There were four intercepts of groups of Russian aircraft in the last few days of October alone , NATO said . The European Leadership Network dates the upsurge in Russian activity to the conflict in Ukraine and Russia 's annexation of Crimea . That prompted NATO to "  increase its military presence along its Eastern flank , " including more air policing , more reconnaissance flights , more ships in the Baltic Sea and Black Sea , and more military exercises in the region , the report said -- all of which put the two sides in greater contact than before . The report speculates that Russia is testing and observing NATO and national defense systems and seeking propaganda victories by using force , or the threat of it , against its neighbors . The West 's response will have repercussions far beyond Russia , RUSI 's Sutyagin warned . "  It 's not a matter of 26 combat planes flying somewhere , " he said . "  There are many other people around the globe who would love to follow Putin 's example . "  That is a very important wake-up call for American society , for European societies : It 's necessary to defend your ideals , your prosperity , your wealth , " he said . "  Dangerous Brinkmanship " is based on media reports and statements from the Pentagon and NATO . CNN covered many of the incidents in the report , and is cited as the source for at least one of them . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko in Moscow contributed to this report	NEW : The West 's response to Russia will have repercussions beyond the crisis , expert warns Russian incursions into NATO airspace are already at three times the level of last year Sweden mobilized a naval hunt for a suspected Russian sub in its waters Both sides have increased their military posture since the Ukraine crisis
CNN  -- It 's time to do away with vanity plates . For the most part , vanity plates have flown under the legal radar , but the time has come for the government to give up on this constitutionally corrupt policy . Like the lottery , vanity plates are another thinly veiled money grab by the government against its citizens . A Michigan case is putting vanity plates under the spotlight . That state 's scheme is similar to many other states ' vanity plate programs . On standard plates , the letter and number configuration is computer-generated and random . For an additional fee of about $ 30 , Michigan allows vehicle owners to select their own unique letter and number configuration for their license plates -- with limitations . And that 's where the constitutional trouble begins . Michigan 's Motor Vehicle Code contains a "  content-based " restriction : It prohibits officials from issuing a personalized license plate "  that might carry a connotation offensive to good taste and decency . " And there 's the constitutional problem : "  offensiveness " and "  good taste and decency " are in the eye of the beholder -- the beholder here being whoever is reviewing the application . In 2012 , Sgt. Michael Matwyuk decided to order a personalized license plate that would express his identity as a so-called "  infidel " when he served in Iraq . "  Infidel " is a term that is commonly used by both enemy forces and our own military in the current theater of war , as explained by Matwyuk . It is not a word banned by the FCC or recognized as unprotected speech . He began by visiting the vanity plate page on Michigan 's website , and clicked on an Iraq War Veteran service plate , which allows six characters for personalized plates . Because the word "  infidel " contains seven letters , Matwyuk tried the shorter "  INFIDL , " but it was "  not available . " Matwyuk got creative and typed "  INF1DL " into the spaces provided , replacing the letter I with a numeral 1 . It was available , and Sarge selected it . Unfortunately , shortly after , a letter from the Department of State rejected Matwyuk 's "  INF1DL " plate because someone -- a person , not a website program -- determined it might carry a connotation offensive to good taste or decency . Asking for constitutional trouble The law as written is constitutionally suspect . First , it 's vague . Read the Michigan prohibition again . Once you have , ask yourself : "  Do I now clearly know which words are prohibited and which words are not ? " Put another way , if you were asked to come up with a list of offensive words , would "  infidel " have been in the top 20 of your list ? Top 50 ? If a law does not provide clear instructions on its face so that reasonable citizens can determine what speech is prohibited , then it 's likely unconstitutional as written -- before it 's even applied . An additional way a scheme is unconstitutional on its face is when the person making the decisions  like the official who wrote the rejection letter to Matwyuk  has "  unfettered discretion . " It seems pretty clear that the website first approved Sarge 's INF1DL , but then a human later vetoed it , with , apparently , unfettered discretion . Being offended does not an offensive word make As a society , we have fatally mixed up the concept of subjective versus objective when it comes to offensiveness . Because an individual is offended by a word , that word does not thereby become universally offensive . Determining whether something is offensive must use an objective standard , which means society on the whole should concur that it is taboo . Too often when a single individual is offended , we make the illogical jump to conclude that the material offending one is now offensive to all . Worse , we now deem material offensive not for its actual measured effect , but for its untested potential effect . No one was actually offended by Matwyuk 's plate , likely not even the person who actually rejected it . Rather , it was banned because the official imagined some potential offensiveness . In addition to confusing subjective versus objective in defining "  offensive , " we 've placed government officials in the business of foreseeing the future , with an overly cautious eye . INFIDL versus INF1DL INFIDL is not a word . And if INFIDL is not a word , then INF1DL is definitely not a word . It has a number in it ! How offensive could it possibly be ? As spoken , INF1DL actually does n't even sound like "  infidel . " It 's pronounced "  inf-number-one-del . " To interpret it as the offending "  infidel " in fact requires a mistake by your brain , and an error in pronunciation . Either way , the official who rejected Matwyuk 's INF1DL had to reason that the number 1 is functionally the same as the letter I. They 're not even the same species . But fortunately for this government official , no one will ever discipline him for erring on the side of supercareful . And just like that , the First Amendment can be violated . It 's not really the official 's fault . Someone gave him too much power . That someone is the Michigan Legislature . If "  infidel " is offensive , it 's offensive because of its religious connotation only . It 's not one of the seven deadly words you ca n't hear on TV , and it 's not obscene by itself under any test of the Supreme Court . Therefore , Michigan wades headlong into another First Amendment quagmire : entanglement with religion . The absurd discussion follows : Is CRUSDR okay ? How about ATHEST ? If many different people would disagree on whether a word  or nonword  is offensive , then the statute has failed to properly instruct its citizens on what is prohibited . Worse , should our government really be volunteering for this litigation ? Should your tax money be spent litigating in federal court whether IPASGAS should be stamped on a license plate ? Government selling ad space Can I pay extra to have my passport custom "  bedazzled " with rhinestones , the way people do with their iPhones ? Of course not . Sometimes our government has a greater duty than entering the market for a quick buck from its citizens . And is the $ 30 that Michigan extracts from its citizens really worth it ? People have to be hired and extra infrastructure must be created to process those applications . Then , when they are litigated because citizens ' applications are rejected , how fast do you think attorney fees burn through those state revenues ? Vanity plates serve no public interest . Vanity plates represent a state selling ad space on its property , disregarding a known constitutional risk , and then losing more money defending the practice . Citizens already have the constitutional privilege to stencil virtually any word on their cars as it is  with the usual limitations of the First Amendment  , without their government trying to make an extra buck on the few square inches that are state property Matwyuk should have gotten his plate , but really no one should have them If the Michigan scheme were constitutional to begin with , Matwyuk should have been entitled to his customized plate under any analysis of "  offensive " that is reasonable , and not driven by neurosis . Instead , officials employed an overly risk-averse , pre-emptive analysis . Since the official has unfettered discretion , he 'll never get in trouble for the plates that never saw the light of day . Those facts may be fatal to the statute and the vanity plate scheme . The real question is whether vanity plates are ultimately worth the constitutional and financial burdens they create . And the answer is : PRBYNOT . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	A Michigan man who served in Iraq was denied a vanity plate saying "  INF1DL " Danny Cevallos says it ran afoul of Michigan rule banning "  offensive " plates He says states have no business dictating what words people can put on their plates Cevallos says vanity plates in general are a bad idea -- states selling people ad space
CNN  -- The global center of gravity for aeronautics has undergone dramatic shifts over the past 110 years . Prior to World War II Europe dominated aviation with transatlantic Zeppelins , high-speed seaplanes and jet engine research . Post-war , the U.S. tookover in commercial jet transport as they engaged in an arms race with the Soviet Union during the Cold War . Since the fall of the Berlin Wall , Europe has staged a revival in commercial air transport , with Airbus and Boeing battling for airliners . But as economic power shifts to the Asia-Pacific , will we see the emergence of a new Seattle or Toulouse in Sao Paulo , Bangalore or Tianjin ? The desire to build up an indigenous aerospace industry is easily understood . It provides highly-skilled , well-paid jobs and requires a large industrial supply chain . Prestige and international respect are an added bonus . More importantly , in the military sphere an aerospace industry assures that a nation can develop , build , operate and maintain the most advanced military equipment itself . Aerospace is also a lucrative business providing advanced technology products that command a premium . With giant orders from fast-growing Asian budget airlines Air Asia and Lion Air demonstrate , the potential is huge . Made in Brazil One BRIC nation forging a path is Brazil . After national champion Embraer began in regional aircraft and military COIN aircraft , it has now successfully broken into the business jet market -- even to the extent of opening a factory in Florida . It will follow Airbus and Boeing in launching a re-engined version of its E-Jet airliner family . But it has big ambitions , too , in military aerospace -- its KC-390 transport aims to replace the Lockheed Martin C-130 as the jet-powered standard military transport . Meanwhile , its Super Tucano light attack aircraft was selected by the U.S. for supply to the Afghan Air Force -- a key achievement . India 's drones Elsewhere , India too has big plans -- although these revolve around military aerospace projects . It has a joint project with Russia to build stealth fighters and is also planning to develop its own stealth unmanned drone . However , despite its success in producing engineers and a vibrant IT sector -- it has struggled with indigenous aircraft programs . India 's previous national fighter project , the LCA Tejas , suffered from a lack of a suitable engine . An even simpler light 14-seat commuter prototype , the NAL Saras , crashed in 2009 . Nevertheless , joint turboprop transport projects with Russia suggest that India is not likely to give up just yet . Infographic : The state of global aviation Military aircraft - A Soviet legacy ? Russia , too , provides a paradox . An aerospace technology leader in the Cold War , it has skilled workers and access to advanced research centers -- especially in aerodynamics . Its proven Soyuz rocket remains the only way the astronauts of any nation can get to the International Space Station . But while it still remains a military aircraft powerhouse and exporter , its commercial success has been patchy . Russia 's latest Sukhoi Superjet , despite help from Italian partners , seems unlikely to break out fully into the wider market beyond ex-CIS nations . A follow on single-aisle airliner , the MC-21 is destined to go up against the dominant Airbus A320neo and Boeing 737 MAX . Civil aviation in China Finally , there is China -- a country with massive ambitions to propel itself into the top league of aerospace nations . In the past couple of years , analysts have seen an endless parade of once secret Chinese military aircraft revealed : two stealth fighter prototypes , attack helicopters , a four-engine military transport , various UAVs and the latest -- a stealthy attack drone . The country also has ambitions in civil aerospace -- however development of its previous airliner , the ARJ21 , which first flew in 2008 , is proceeding at a glacial pace . It is only likely to be used by Chinese or close allies of Beijing . Its latest prestige civil airliner project is the single-aisle COMAC C919 -- which contains a high proportion of Western systems and equipment . First flight is expected in 2014 and China is hoping that this aircraft could gain it a foothold in the wider international market . Indeed in the past two years both Ryanair and IAG signed agreements to help develop this airliner . Could a western airline order be the big civil breakthrough for China ? Aviation shifts East And there are other challenges , too , for countries attempting to enter the highly competitive aerospace sector . High quality support and service of aircraft  both military and civil  means that manufacturers now need a global network of agents , service centers and aftermarket facilities to cater to demanding customers . In some respects it may actually be easier to put a human into space , than create a worldwide commercial airliner business from scratch . In short , there are signs that aerospace , like other industries , is undergoing a seismic shift eastwards . This is where the biggest passenger market will be . There will be many obstacles for those wanting to join this elite club but not all will make it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tim Robinson .	Tim Robinson is an aviation expert and the editor-in-chief of AEROSPACE magazine BRIC countries are attempting to enter the elite club of aerospace manufacturers National aerospace industry creates skills , jobs , international prestige , says Robinson
CNN  -- A DNA test on the remains of chess legend Bobby Fischer has determined that he is not the father of a Filipino girl , the girl 's lawyer told CNN on Wednesday . Results of the test "  excluded " the possibility that Fischer , who died in January 2008 , was the father of Jinky Young , lawyer Thordur Bogason said . "  This brings about the end of this paternity case , " he said . In June , Iceland 's supreme court ruled in favor of a request by Young to exhume Fischer 's remains in order to settle the question of paternity . Fischer 's body was exhumed in early July and reburied shortly after DNA samples were taken , law enforcement officials said . Police in the Icelandic town of Selfoss , where Fischer is buried , said at the time of the exhumation that Young was 9 years old . Fischer was 64 when he died in January 2008 . A child prodigy and chess master by the time he was 15 , Fischer achieved international fame in 1972 when he defeated chess grandmaster Boris Spassky of Russia during the height of the Cold War , becoming the world champion . The tournament was considered a symbolic battle between the two greatest powers in the world . It was held in Iceland , midway between the United States and the Soviet Union . Soviet chess masters had held the title since World War II -- until Fischer won . The victory , unequaled by an American since , was followed by tens of millions of chess fans around the world . But Fischer 's genius proved eccentric . Years after his historic win , Fischer gave up the title in 1975 and refused to defend it . He vanished and lived in a self-imposed exile for decades . He resurfaced in Yugoslavia in 1992 for a rematch against Spassky . It was another victory for Fischer , one that earned him $ 3.5 million . The U.S. government claimed Fischer 's participation had violated U.N. sanctions against Yugoslavia , imposed to punish Serb leader Slobodan Milosevic , and revoked his U.S. passport . Fischer again disappeared . He was not heard from again until 2004 , when he was arrested in Japan for traveling on an expired passport . When Iceland granted Fischer citizenship in 2005 , he moved to that country and lived there until his death in a hospital .	Results show Fischer is not the father of a Filipino girl Girl 's lawyer says it ends the paternity case Fischer 's body was exhumed last month
Robin Williams , who died Monday at age 63 , was Peter Pan to some , Mrs. Doubtfire to others , and a beloved actor to many . Fortunately , if you want to revisit his work or see him play his role as an alien on '70s sitcom "  Mork and Mindy " for the first time , subscription services like Netflix and Hulu Plus offer several of his works for instant streaming . Listen : Robin Williams talks to Whoopi Goldberg about his legacy Much of Williams ' filmography is available for purchase or rental from either iTunes or Amazon , but if you have a subscription to a streaming service , here 's where to find some of his most memorable films . NETFLIX STREAMING "  The Adventures of Baron Munchausen " "  The Birdcage " "  The Fisher King " "  Hook " "  Jumanji " "  Popeye " "  World 's Greatest Dad " Meryl Streep remembers Robin Williams on ` Today ' AMAZON PRIME "  The Birdcage " "  Popeye " "  Robin Williams : Weapons of Self-Destruction " "  World 's Greatest Dad " HULU PLUS "  Hook " "  Moscow on the Hudson " "  Mork and Mindy " See the original story at EW.com . Complete coverage of Robin Williams	Some of Robin Williams ' memorable roles are available for instant streaming Titles like "  Hook , " "  Jumanji " and "  World 's Greatest Dad " can be viewed Netflix , Amazon Prime and Hulu Plus subscribers have options
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- A report released by Cuba 's Interior Ministry Friday blamed a Spanish politician for the car crash on Sunday that killed Oswaldo Paya , a prominent Cuban dissident and indicated he could face criminal charges . Earlier Paya 's family had cast doubt on the government 's assertion that the crash was the result of an accident and said they believed Paya had been targeted . Paya was traveling with another Cuban dissident Harold Cepero , Spanish politician Angel Carromero and Swedish politician Jens Aron Modig when the rental car they were driving in crashed Sunday near Las Gabinas , Cuba . Read more about how the details of the crash are disputed The Cuban interior ministry report said that the crash took place when Carromero , the driver of the rental car , failed to slow down as the car reached a section of road being repaired . The report quoted witnesses as saying the car was traveling more than 100 kilometers per hour  60 mph  when it lost control , went off the road and crashed into a tree . The report noted that it is against the law in Cuba to drive above 60 kilometers per hour on an unpaved road and to lose control of a vehicle . Spain 's Embassy in Havana had earlier said Carromero was behind the wheel when the crash occurred and that Carromero , was mentally traumatized by the accident . Neither Paya nor Cepero were wearing seatbelts , the statement said . Paya died immediately , the statement said , and Cepero passed away after being brought to a nearby hospital . Jens Aron Modig told police , according to the report , that he was dozing off at the time of the accident and woke as the car was going off the road only to lose conciousness as the car crashed . Read more about dozens reported arrested on way to Cuban dissident 's funeral Carromero told police , the report said , that he had not seen any signs warning of the roadwork and was not aware of how fast he was driving when he hit the brakes . Both men were released from the hospital a day after the crash and have been questioned for several days by Cuban police . Neither has spoken publicly about the accident that took the life of Paya , a longtime critic of the Cuban government . Paya most famously organized "  the Varela Project , " a campaign that collected thousands of signatures calling for changes to Cuba 's one-party socialist system of government . While Cuban leaders took little notice of the campaign , Paya 's work generated international acclaim and he was the recipient of awards celebrating his work promoting human rights . The U.S. State Department called on the Cuban government to carry out a transparent investigation into Paya 's death .	Cuba 's Interior Ministry Friday released report on crash that killed prominent Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya died in car crash Sunday , officials say Earlier , Paya 's family said that it was not an accident , but that Paya had been targeted
New York  CNN  -- Rick Perry is calling for a flat tax to stop his campaign from flatlining . But it might be just what he needs to revive his presidential ambitions . Because a flat tax is not just a big idea ; it could prove to be both good politics and good policy . After all , tax simplification is both needed and polls well , and the flat tax promises a simpler approach to paying taxes . And at a time when President Obama is campaigning against the fact that Warren Buffett and his secretary pay different rates , the flat tax idea might just have met its moment for broader-based appeal . Its virtue is its simplicity . The current tax code contains more words than the Bible , and Americans spend 6 billion hours each year trying to comply with the code . That 's time that can be more productively spent elsewhere . In contrast , a flat tax could be calculated during the seventh-inning stretch of a ballgame . And although the idea might sound like a radical change , the reality is that the flat tax -- popularized by Alvin Rabushka and Robert Hall of the Hoover Institution -- has been implemented successfully in 37 countries , including Russia , many of the thriving Baltic States and the newest nation on Earth , the Republic of South Sudan . Perry 's flat-tax plan , the details of which will be announced this week , may help him regain the enthusiasm of his initial tea party supporters who lately have flocked to Herman Cain . Dick Armey , a former congressman and chairman of FreedomWorks , has been a longtime advocate of the flat tax , and his organization has helped fund many of the tea party rallies and given shape to the movement . This policy move will , in turn , help convince many tea partiers that Perry really is their man . It might also help reignite a spark of support from center-right think tanks that have long supported such a tax-reform but had growing doubts about Perry 's commitment to fiscal conservative policy ideas outside bumper-sticker bromides . Cain deserves credit for moving forward the policy debate in this presidential field . His 9-9-9 plan , a flat tax combined with a national sales tax , captured the imagination of the primary electorate and catapulted him to the top of the poll rankings . In turn , it created pressure on other candidates to propose fiscal plans of their own , providing at least some details in place of play-to-the-base bumper-sticker slogans . Ron Paul put forward a trillion-dollar deficit cut , Rick Santorum proposed eliminating corporate taxes on manufacturing companies , and now Perry has gotten into the game with plans to unveil his own bold proposal . The flat tax is certainly more tried and true than the 9-9-9 plan and avoids its most regressive elements , like the 9 % national sales tax . The flat tax as proposed by one-time presidential candidate and Perry supporter Steve Forbes contains a family exemption for the first $ 36,000 for a family of four , effectively exempting the poorest Americans . This does n't need to be a polarizing idea on partisan grounds ; it was advocated by California Gov. Jerry Brown , a Democrat , in his 1992 presidential campaign . And while more Americans would pay taxes under this plan , by broadening the base , we would stop the potentially destabilizing dynamic under which nearly half of Americans do n't pay federal income taxes . Making ideological peace with the idea of broadening the tax base could also help some conservatives move from anti-tax absolutism to a broader conversation about tax reform that could help get crippling long-term budget imbalances under control . We could lower rates to stimulate economic growth while remaining revenue neutral at a roughly 19 % flat tax rate , and if it was pegged slightly higher , we could start putting a serious dent in the deficit and debt . The fact that the flat tax has been backed by a prominent presidential candidate will help shape the national debate and perhaps provide some urgency to the idea of tax reform . Obama talked about tax simplification on the '08 campaign trail , and Speaker John Boehner and House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan have long advocated it as well . Even famed Democratic strategist and CNN contributor James Carville said on "  OutFront with Erin Burnett " on Wednesday that he 'd be fine with a progressive flat tax with three rates and allowances for a few core deductions while closing most loopholes . On balance , I 'd prefer a graduated flat tax along the lines Rudy Giuliani proposed when he was running for president  and I was helping run his policy team  , the FAST form : an optional one-page tax form with three rates and six deductions , including charitable donations , interest on home mortgage , as well as state and local taxes . But perfect is never on the menu , and a flat tax is better than the current system we have in place . It is simple , fast and fair . Even if Perry 's plan is only a base-pleasing opening bid in a larger round of tax reform , it is a step in the right direction . We need to have a serious national conversation about tax simplification that can spur economic growth . By taking the risk of putting forward a big idea , Perry just might agree : Good policy is also good politics . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	Rick Perry , whose poll numbers dropped sharply , is planning to propose a flat tax John Avlon says it could boost Perry 's fortunes and it would be good policy A new tax system would save time and encourage economic growth , Avlon says
CNN  -- Serena Williams has lost only four matches this year -- and the world No. 1 is hoping her most recent setback can help her become the oldest winner of a U.S. Open women 's singles title . The American is favored for a fifth triumph at Flushing Meadows , but this month 's defeat by second-ranked Victoria Azarenka has given the Belorussian hope of avenging last year 's final heartbreak . Azarenka served for the title just under 12 months ago in New York , but Williams fought back to claim her 15th grand slam title . She has since added another , at the French Open in June , but suffered a shock reverse against Sabine Lisicki in the last 16 at Wimbledon . Williams added two more WTA Tour titles at Bastad and Toronto , but was upset by Azarenka in a third-set tie-breaker in the Cincinnati final . "  Every time I lose , I get so pumped afterwards , " said Williams at a pre-tournament press conference Saturday . "  I just feel like now I 'm ready , now I 'm prepared . I almost needed that to take my game to a new level . " Williams will be 32 on September 26 , and if she can retain her title in the final 18 days before that then she will surpass Margaret Court 's 1973 effort of being the tournament 's oldest woman winner . "  I have been able to keep up with the times , " Williams said . "  I 'm actually serving harder than I ever have in my career . The racquets are stronger and I 'm more fit . "  I feel so good , so healthy , so vivacious every time I step on the court . " With world No. 3 Maria Sharapova missing the tournament due to injury , and Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli having retired earlier this month , Azarenka is Williams ' biggest threat along with Polish third seed Agnieszka Radwanska . Williams will face former French Open winner Francesca Schiavone in her opening match Monday , while older sister Venus plays Belgium 's Wimbledon semifinalist Kirsten Flipkens . Azarenka will begin the two-week event against Germany 's grand slam debutant Dinah Pfizenmaier . "  You can always take the best out of what happened last week , so I will definitely take that into consideration , " the 24-year-old told reporters Saturday . "  But the new week , U.S. Open , Serena , number one player in the world , defending champion , we all start kind of from zero here . " In the men 's draw , Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer will both be in action on Monday . Second-ranked Nadal will face American Ryan Harrison as he bids to win the hard-court event for the second time . The Spaniard was champion in 2011 , then runner-up the following year , but missed the 2012 event due to injury . Federer , the champion five years in a row from 2004 , will play Slovenia 's Grega Zemlja as the seventh seed following a difficult year in which the 17-time grand slam winner has struggled with both injuries and an experiment with a new racquet . Meanwhile , world No. 9 Petra Kvitova 's U.S. Open preparations stumbled Saturday as the Czech lost 6-2 6-2 to Romania 's Simona Halep in the final of the WTA event in New Haven . Halep , a quarterfinalist in Cincinnati , followed up Friday 's win over former No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki to claim her fourth title this year . France 's Gael Monfils may miss New York after suffering an abdominal injury in the final of the ATP 's Winston-Salem tournament . The former world No. 7 , now ranked 49th after a series of physical setbacks , retired at 6-3 2-1 down against Austria 's Jurgen Melzer .	Serena Williams will begin defense of her U.S. Open title on Monday World No. 1 is seeking to become the grand slam 's oldest women 's champion American says she is determined to bounce back from recent Cincinnati defeat Her main rival will be last year 's beaten finalist Victoria Azarenka
CNN  -- The undersea earthquake off the Indonesian island of Sumatra on Wednesday was the largest earthquake of its type ever recorded and has increased the risk of more powerful quakes in the region , a leading expert has said . Director of the Earth Observatory of Singapore , Kerry Sieh , told CNN that the 8.6 Richter scale undersea earthquake was the largest "  strike-slip " quake - steep structures where the two sides of the fault slip horizontally past each other - ever recorded . "  Before that we thought that 8.1 was as big as they get , but this 8.6 quake was phenomenal , " Sieh said . "  It has been absolutely jaw-dropping and has caused a lot of foment among seismologists . " He said the quake had provided two new insights for seismologists . Firstly , that strike-slip earthquakes , which are normally not as powerful as mega-thrust quakes where one plate runs underneath another , could be this powerful . Secondly , that big earthquakes of this type could run as deep as the Earth 's mantle , the viscous layer beneath the Earth 's crust . "  We are learning details about the nature of the ruptures , " he said . "  What are the fits and starts of the fault ? How does the fault break ? " Likening the tectonic plates to a group of 10 men holding onto an elephant with a rope , he said that pressure on the plates becomes greater as the struggle becomes unequal . "  Finally , when one of the guys slips and ca n't hold the rope what happens is that the nine other guys are holding his 10 % , so they have to add 10 % more effort to hold on , " he said , adding that when a further man falls the remaining eight have an extra 20 % of the force to contend with . "  Eventually what you have is a cascade of failures and the last guy has to let go and the tectonics win and the fault moves , " Sieh said . "  What we had in Sumatra between 2004 and 2007 was pop ! Pop ! Pop ! Three great earthquakes ; 9.2 , 8.7 , 8.4 . " He said that Wednesday 's earthquake was likely to have increased the stress on the plate boundaries near Aceh , increasing the risks of another major earthquake in the same area as the 2004 disaster . "  There 's still one or two patches left to go , " Sieh said . He said the past 10 years had been particularly seismically active , providing invaluable information to seismologists . "  We 've really seen a revolution in our understanding of earthquakes in the last 10 years because of these earthquakes , " he said , adding that new technology and the speed with which information was shared had changed the landscape in understanding earthquakes .	Sumatra quake the largest of its type ever recorded The 8.6 scale strike-slip earthquake has given new insights for seismologists The quake was so large it extended beyond the Earth 's crust to the mantle He said the quake has increased the stress on the plates in the area
CNN  -- New Zealand police are investigating a "  serious allegation " against four England rugby internationals following an alleged incident at their team hotel in Auckland . The England team are currently involved in a two match tour to New Zealand . Although Auckland police have yet to confirm the nature of the allegation , the Press Association reports that an incident is said to have taken place early Sunday in a private hotel room at the city 's Hilton hotel following the team 's defeat to New Zealand 's All Blacks . In a statement the police said : "  Auckland City Criminal Investigation Branch is investigating an allegation involving up to four members of the England rugby team . "  The incident being investigated is alleged to have occurred early on Sunday , June 15 , in a private room . Whilst an allegation was brought to the attention of police on Sunday evening , no formal complaint has been received . "  Investigating officers are receiving the appropriate level of co-operation from the England rugby team management . " The Rugby Football Union  RFU  confirmed it was fully co-operating with the authorities over the matter . Rob Andrew , the RFU 's elite director of rugby , said in a statement : "  The England rugby team has been informed by Auckland Police that an allegation has been made against four members of the England playing squad . "  Whilst no formal complaint has been made we are co-operating with the police and their enquiries . "  The players concerned have the complete support of all the players and the management . In the circumstances we are unable to make any further comment . " The identity of the players has not been revealed . The England team is currently in Christchurch preparing for the second test against the All Blacks on Saturday .	Auckland police have yet to confirm the nature of the allegation "  Incident " occured in a private hotel room after team 's defeat to All Blacks RFU : Players concerned have complete support of all players and management
CNN  -- Pitchers Greg Maddux and Tom Glavine headline 19 newcomers to the National Baseball Hall of Fame ballot , the Baseball Writers ' Association of America announced Tuesday . Maddux and Glavine -- both 300-game winners who won multiple Cy Young Awards -- are on the ballot for the first time . Other notable first-timers include Frank Thomas , Jeff Kent and Mike Mussina . Another newcomer is Eric Gagne , who was named in baseball 's Mitchell Report on performance-enhancing drug use . Gagne admitted in 2010 to using human growth hormone . He joins other players from the heart of the steroid era who are back on the ballot : Barry Bonds , Roger Clemens , Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa . But many of this year 's newcomers are perceived to have had clean careers , making this ballot one of the best in history . Maddux won four consecutive National League Cy Young Awards from 1992 to 1995 . He also won a record 18 Gold Glove Awards in his 23-year career . Maddux won 355 games with a 3.16 earned-run average , led the NL in ERA four times and won at least 15 games for 17 consecutive seasons . He played for the Chicago Cubs , Atlanta Braves , Los Angeles Dodgers and San Diego Padres . Glavine won the NL Cy Young in 1991 and 1998 and was a 10-time All-Star . He won 305 games in 22 seasons with the Braves and the New York Mets . He won 20 games in a season five times and won four Silver Slugger Awards . Thomas won back-to-back American League MVP Awards with the Chicago White Sox in 1993 and 1994 . He finished his 19-year career with 2,468 hits , 521 home runs and 1,704 RBIs . Kent was named the NL MVP in 2000 and hit 377 home runs in his 17 seasons spanning the San Francisco Giants , Mets , Dodgers , Toronto Blue Jays , Cleveland Indians and Houston Astros . Mussina won 270 games and had a career .638 winning percentage in 18 seasons with the Baltimore Orioles and New York Yankees . A total of 36 players will be on this year 's ballot . The complete ballot is : Moises Alou , Jeff Bagwell , Armando Benitez , Craig Biggio , Bonds , Sean Casey , Clemens , Ray Durham , Gagne , Glavine , Luis Gonzalez , Jacque Jones , Todd Jones , Kent , Paul Lo Duca , Maddux , Edgar Martinez , Don Mattingly , Fred McGriff , McGwire , Jack Morris , Mussina , Hideo Nomo , Rafael Palmeiro , Mike Piazza , Tim Raines , Kenny Rogers , Curt Schilling , Richie Sexson , Lee Smith , J.T. Snow , Sosa , Thomas , Mike Timlin , Alan Trammell and Larry Walker . Last year , for the first time since 1996 , no one was inducted into the Hall of Fame . Candidates need at least 75 percent of the vote to be elected , and a player has never been unanimously voted into the Hall of Fame . Results will be announced January 8 . Inductions will be July 24 in Cooperstown , New York .	Cy Young Award winners each won more than 300 games in their careers Eric Gagne , who admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs , is on the ballot Jeff Kent , with 377 career home runs , also among 19 newcomers to ballot
CNN  Charlie Sifford , the first African-American to play on the PGA Tour , died Tuesday at age 92 , the Professional Golfers ' Association of America said . "  His love of golf , despite many barriers in his path , strengthened him as he became a beacon for diversity in our game , " PGA of America President Derek Sprague said in a statement . "  By his courage , Dr. Sifford inspired others to follow their dreams . ... Golf was fortunate to have had this exceptional American in our midst . " Sifford was called the Jackie Robinson of golf for breaking the color barrier in 1961 when he was 38 years old . "  I wanted to prove that a black man could play golf , " he told CNN affiliate WEWS after he was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in November . His son told the station that his father was advised by Robinson to use his smooth swing to fight the integration battle . "  Which I think is the way he went through his struggles -- smooth , quiet , " Craig Sifford told the station . Unlike Robinson , who took the field with eight teammates , Charlie Sifford played an individual 's game . "  It did n't bother me . It was n't going to stop me , " Sifford said . Tiger Woods referred to Sifford as a grandfather . "  Terrible loss for golf and me personally . My grandfather is gone , and we all lost a brave , decent and honorable man . I 'll miss u Charlie , " Woods tweeted . Jack Nicklaus said Sifford was his playing partner for the first two rounds Nicklaus played in a PGA Tour event . He called Sifford a kind and gracious gentleman . "  Charlie led by example , handling himself with great class and dignity inside and outside the ropes , " Nicklaus said on his website . "  We ca n't underestimate the impact Charlie 's career has had on the face of golf today . Charlie was a leader and an inspiration . " Sifford won two PGA Tour events , his first victory coming in the 1967 Greater Hartford Open . He also won at the Los Angeles Open two years later . It was a difficult career . In his speech honoring Sifford at the White House , President Barack Obama talked about Sifford 's travails . "  Charlie was sometimes banned from clubhouse restaurants . Folks threatened him , shouted slurs from the gallery , kicked his ball into the rough , " the President said . "  Charlie 's laughing about that -- my ball is always in the rough . " On Wednesday the President said he was honored to award the golfer the Presidential Medal of Freedom "  for altering the course of the sport and the country he loved . " People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Quand Thomas contributed to this report .	Charlie Sifford joined the PGA Tour in 1961 at age 38 He won two Tour events , the first in 1967 Tiger Woods calls his death a terrible loss
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Farrah Fawcett has been hospitalized in the latest stage of her battle against cancer , a producer working with the actress said Monday . Farrah Fawcett , shown here in 2004 , was first diagnosed with cancer in 2006 . "  She is not unconscious , she is not unresponsive , and she is not comatose , " Craig Nevius told CNN . He added that Fawcett "  is surrounded by family and friends . " She "  has a real iron will " and is "  a fighter , " he said . Nevius has been working with the 62-year-old on a documentary about her fight with cancer . Earlier , he told People magazine that Fawcett had checked into "  a Los Angeles hospital . " Fawcett was diagnosed in 2006 . People magazine reported that she has anal cancer . Early in 2007 , Fawcett said she was told her cancer had gone into remission . Her official Web site has posts from February , 2007 celebrating the news . But the cancer returned later that year . Fawcett was a model best known for bit parts and commercials , and as "  Six Million Dollar Man " actor Lee Majors ' wife , when she shot a best-selling pinup poster in early 1976 at the behest of a Cleveland , Ohio , company called Pro Arts . Photographer Bruce McBroom placed Fawcett -- then known as Farrah Fawcett-Majors -- in the Indian blanket-draped front seat of his 1937 Chevy and snapped away . The poster , with Fawcett 's million-dollar smile front and center and right nipple obvious through the fabric of her red bathing suit , became a sensation . Soon after the photo shoot , Fawcett was asked to join the cast of a new Aaron Spelling TV show , "  Charlie 's Angels , " about a trio of female detectives who work for a mysterious man named Charlie . Fawcett , who played Jill Munroe , was the last to be cast -- co-star Kate Jackson was the known name at the time -- but , thanks to her poster , Fawcett became the series ' breakout star . The highly rated TV series kicked off what came to be known as "  jiggle TV , " series full of young actresses who appeared in bikinis at the drop of a hat . "  Denunciations of ` massage parlor television ' and ` voyeurism ' only brought more viewers to the screen , to see what the controversy was about , " wrote Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh in their exhaustive reference , "  The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows . " "  Charlie 's Angels " turned out to be a huge hit , and shows ranging from the sitcom "  Three 's Company " to the drama "  Baywatch " owe the show a debt . Fawcett did n't stay with "  Angels " long . At the end of the first season , unhappy with her contract , she left the show , replaced by Cheryl Ladd . Fawcett 's career stagnated for a time after "  Charlie 's Angels , " as she appeared in a handful of forgettable films and divorced Majors . But her career received a major boost with her starring role in "  The Burning Bed , " a 1984 made-for-television movie co-starring Paul LeMat . In the film , Fawcett played an abused wife who sets fire to her husband 's bed as he lies sleeping . Fawcett received an Emmy nomination for her performance . Around that time , Fawcett became romantically involved with actor Ryan O'Neal , with whom she had a son , Redmond , in 1985 . Redmond O'Neal was arrested Sunday morning for narcotics possession . In recent years , Fawcett has appeared sporadically in the public eye . She posed nude for Playboy in 1995 . In 1997 , she appeared on "  The Late Show with David Letterman , " an interview that became notorious for Fawcett 's apparent incoherence . She later said she was just having fun with Letterman . She reunited with her "  Charlie 's Angels " co-stars , Jackson and Jaclyn Smith , for an awards-show appearance in 2006 . Fawcett has been making a documentary , "  A Wing and a Prayer , " for NBC about her cancer battle . "  She is an icon , and you do n't become an icon by being weak , " Nevius said Monday . "  All you have to do is look back at her 30-year-plus career to see that she is not somebody that has ever stepped down or backed down from a challenge of any kind . "	NEW : Farrah Fawcett not unconscious , unresponsive or comatose , says producer Actress in Los Angeles hospital battling cancer Actress diagnosed with disease in 2006 ; after remission , cancer recurred in 2007 Fawcett best known for 1970s pinup poster , role in "  Charlie 's Angels " TV series
Washington  CNN  -- A little-known provision of the Constitution might provide a little-used way for President Barack Obama to unilaterally get around stalled efforts to prevent the country from defaulting on its debts . It is a legal audible that was considered two years ago in a similar crisis , and ultimately rejected by Obama , a former constitutional scholar . In remarks on Thursday , the president said the stakes were stark , if the debt ceiling were not raised , and the government unable to pay its bills . "  As reckless as a government shutdown is , an economic shutdown that results from default would be dramatically worse , " he said , pointing the finger at Capitol Hill . Congressional Republicans who control the House insist they will not act until the administration commits to delaying implementation of key parts of the healthcare reform law , or to further spending cuts -- ultimatums the White House rejects . The game of political chicken raises the potential of a recession and market meltdown if the Treasury is not replenished by mid-month . Some economists warn the debt ceiling impasse is a far greater threat than the ongoing government shutdown . That 's where Section 4 of the 14th Amendment comes in : "  The validity of the public debt of the United States , authorized by law ... shall not be questioned . " Does that mean the president could on own his raise the debt ceiling ? Some congressional allies say yes . "  It is an option that should seriously be considered , " said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus of Montana . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi of California said it should have been done in 2011 , the last time the two branches went through this . Back then it was former President Clinton who led the rhetorical charge . He said he would have raised the debt ceiling "  without hesitation " and "  force the courts to stop me . " Then-Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner also suggested such a legal right was possible , and plausible . But Obama was not sure . "  I have talked to my lawyers , " he said at the time . "  They are not persuaded that that is a winning argument , " suggesting he believed the courts would not accept such a move -- and more importantly , would the nation 's creditors . Fast forward to 2013 . His spokesman Monday repeated the White House line Congress had the responsibility here . "  The president ca n't raise it by himself , " said White House spokesman Jay Carney . "  This administration does not believe that the 14th Amendment gives the power to ignore the debt ceiling . And even if the president could ignore the debt ceiling , the fact that there is significant controversy around the president 's authority to act unilaterally means that it would not be a credible alternative to Congress raising the debt ceiling , and would not be taken seriously by the global economy and markets . " Legal and political scholars -- and the federal courts -- have debated just how relevant , and how far Section 4 was designed to go . The amendment was ratified in 1868 , to ensure in part , the unified nation 's debts from the just-ended Civil War would be honored , and that Confederate claims would not . The unquoted part of the provision specifically mentions the public debt "  incurred for payment of pensions and bounties for services in suppressing insurrection or rebellion . " The U.S. Supreme Court in 1935 -- in Perry v. U.S. -- suggested Section 4 could be applied in other circumstances . "  While this provision was undoubtedly inspired by the desire to put beyond question the obligations of the government during the Civil War , its language indicates broader connotation , " said Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes in the opinion , which concluded that voiding a U.S. government debt was beyond the power of Congress . Indeed other better-known parts of the 14th Amendment -- the "  due process , " "  equal protection , " and "  privileges or immunities " citizenship clauses -- have been cited in a sweeping range of litigation beyond its original Reconstruction response to the rights of former slaves . Those cases include abortion , segregation , even the 2000 Bush v. Gore presidential ballot dispute . Despite Mr. Clinton 's bold challenge daring the courts to intervene , any unilateral action on the debt ceiling would be sure to prompt immediate lawsuits . Whether an "  aggrieved party " such as a taxpayer or bondholder , could establish legal "  standing " -- allowing any legal action to proceed -- would be the first legal hurdle , a process that could drag on for months , even years before the Supreme Court would be asked to offer the final word . But some politicians have said a default on the nation 's debt would constitute the kind of national emergency requiring of bold presidential action , something that would be politically acceptable to the public . Legal challenges , they say , would wither if the economy rebounds . Obama urged negotiations to continue , but on Thursday said the 2011 debt crisis hurt average Americans , and could do so again . "  Our economy took a bad hit . Our country 's credit rating was downgraded for the first time , just like you would be downgraded if you did n't pay your mortgage . This time , they are threatening to actually force the United States to default on its obligations for the very first time in history . " But some Republicans say a constitutional crisis is overblown and so is concern of what will happen if both sides fail to agree in coming days . "  I do n't think the credit of the United States is going to be collapsed , " said Rep. Steve King  R-Iowa  on CNN Thursday . "  I think that all this talk about a default has been a lot of demagoguery , a lot of false demagoguery . We have plenty of money coming in to service the debt . When we stop servicing the debt , that would be default . We 're a long , long ways from that . " So the dilemma here for the White House would appear more political , less legal . In invoking executive power to raise the debt ceiling , Obama might earn quick political points , by claiming to put the nation 's financial health above congressional inaction . But the risks to a market and credit backlash , global investor unease , and softening public support -- not to mention an eventual Supreme Court showdown -- might urge continued White House caution . After all , the debt ceiling has been raised at least 74 times in the past half century -- 10 times in the past decade -- always through the typical back-and-forth political sparring between the White House and Capitol Hill .	Little known legal provision could again provide opening for President Obama on debt ceiling Obama said that the stakes were stark if the government could not pay its bills Former President Bill Clinton said previously he would act unilaterally and test the courts But Obama had the chance in 2011 and was n't convinced it was the correct legal strategy
The man accused of killing the McStay family pleaded not guilty Wednesday in a California court to murder charges . Charles "  Chase " Merritt , 57 , was a close friend and business partner of Joseph McStay , whose body -- along with those of his wife Summer and their two young sons , Gianni and Joseph Jr. -- was found November 2013 . The family disappeared in February 2010 . In an exclusive interview , San Bernardino County District Attorney Mike Ramos told CNN that authorities had been watching Merritt , closely for some time before arresting him last week . "  There was no doubt in our mind this was the person that committed the murders , " Ramos said . "  His story is all over the place . " Merritt did not speak during Wednesday 's hearing in San Bernardino County Superior Court . His next appearance is set for November 20 . His lawyer spoke to reporters outside . "  I 'm going to do everything that I can for Mr. Merritt , everything in my power , to be able to represent him -- do everything that I can to be able to help him in this case -- to specifically see if there is n't a way that with the tragedy that 's taken place , that that tragedy not extend to him and not extend to his family also , " said attorney Robert Ponce . Prosecutors have not yet said whether they will pursue the death penalty . Police say they believe the family died of "  blunt force trauma " inside their home north of San Diego , but they declined to discuss specifics of the deaths or a motive . Suspect no stranger to family Earlier this year , CNN interviewed Merritt , who said at the time he had "  absolutely no clue " what happened to the McStays . Merritt and McStay met for a business lunch in Rancho Cucamonga on February 4 , 2010 , the day the family disappeared . "  I am definitely the last person he saw , " Merritt said during the January interview . Merritt also told CNN he and Joseph McStay were also on the phone constantly , perhaps 12 to 13 times that day . There was another call from McStay 's phone to Merritt the night of the family 's disappearance . It came about 40 minutes after a neighbor 's security camera captured the family 's Isuzu pulling out of their cul-de-sac . Merritt did n't answer . Merritt told CNN he was watching television with his then-girlfriend , and he picked up the phone , looked at it and set it back down . He was tired . He called back the next day , he said . "  There are hundreds of scenarios . I have gone over all of them in my head , " he said . "  Of course , I regret not picking up the phone . " Merritt was questioned by police after the disappearance . They just asked him the "  standard questions , " he said . He also claimed to have taken a polygraph test . Police had never named Merritt as a suspect before his arrest last Wednesday .	Charles "  Chase " Merritt is charged with murder in McStay family deaths Prosecutors have not said whether they will pursue the death penalty CNN spoke to Merritt before his arrest this year
CNN  -- After facing a long list of charges including sexual assault , Brig. Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair agreed to plead guilty this week to much lesser charges in a case involving sexual misconduct in the military -- one in which politics may have gotten in the way of justice . On display was a military legal system , apparently eager to show it was getting tough on sexual misconduct cases , that instead bungled the case . On Thursday , Sinclair was sentenced . He received a reprimand and has to forfeit some pay . But he got no jail time . His sentence is a mockery of military justice , a slap on the wrist nowhere close to being proportional to his offenses . But the Sinclair case is not typical of most military sexual assault cases . Sinclair had a three-year relationship and allegedly forced sex with a female captain under his command . The prosecution was problematic partly because the accuser may have told lies and partly because senior military officers may have brought harsher than usual charges . We do n't want commanders feeling that they need to appear tough on sexual assault by bringing charges that are n't warranted -- just as we do n't want them sweeping them under the rug . This is another example of what happens when a system is reliant on people who are not legal experts , rather than on trained independent prosecutors . Despite the problems with this particular case , we need to confront the bigger issue with the military prosecution system in cases of sexual assault and misconduct . There are an estimated 26,000 sexual assaults a year in the military -- but reporting is low , courts-martial are rare and the conviction rate is less than 1 % . The vast majority of sexual assault and rape cases in the military show a pattern of suppression , where if a report is made the victim fears retaliation and the loss of his or her job . For example , the scandal at Lackland Air Force Base has seen 33 basic training instructors investigated for misconduct allegations involving 63 recruits and trainees , none of whom reported they were sexually assaulted . Survivors do n't report because they fear they wo n't get justice and that their attackers will go unpunished . Federal law for the military -- the Uniform Code of Military Justice -- was created with the intent of preventing arbitrary punishments by generals and colonels . But leaving sexual assault and rape cases in the hands of commanders to prosecute creates a fundamental conflict of interest that undermines service members ' due process rights . Until the decision to prosecute is taken away from commanding officers , the military justice system is simply not credible . For more than three years now I have taken to the House floor and told the stories of the men and women in our armed forces who have been sexually assaulted . Many of these stories involved commanders who undermined investigations , refused to bring a case to court-martial , or overturned a case after a jury had found the perpetrator guilty and a jail sentence was issued . Some opponents of reform continue to claim that commanders must be the sole decision-makers on whether a case moves forward to trial . Keep in mind the countless stories in the press of legitimate cases not making it to trial or sentences being lessened or thrown out completely -- all at the whim of the commander . Of course there is also the fact that the entire military structure rests on the shoulders of individuals with no legal training . Commanders are the linchpin of the military justice system . Just last month , a deluge of sex crime reports in Japan involving American military personnel were revealed thanks to multiple Freedom of Information Act requests made by The Associated Press . The data reveal how broken the military scales of justice truly are , and offer a rare glimpse into how reports of sexual assaults are handled . Of the 1,000 reports , punishments were wildly inconsistent , and of the suspects determined to be guilty , nearly two-thirds spent no time in jail at all . In more than 30 cases , a letter of reprimand was the only punishment . What is clear from these cases is that commanders were part of the problem , not the solution . Commanders often decided to not move forward with courts-martial , but when they did -- even with DNA evidence and tape-recorded confessions of rape -- the predators were typically given mild punishments after pleading to lesser charges . Commanders also lessened numerous punishments unilaterally and in two cases threw out guilty verdicts and punishments completely . My bipartisan legislation , the STOP Act , will take sexual assault and rape cases out of the chain of command and put them into the hands of civilian and military legal experts . This is a system that some are hellbent on protecting . But I intend to fight this year with every fiber of my being to get the House to act on fixing this broken system . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jackie Speier .	Jackie Speier : The military legal system bungled the case of Gen. Jeffrey Sinclair Speier : Legal experts , not commanders , should decide on sexual assault cases She says most military sexual assault and rape cases show pattern of suppression Speier : Military justice rests on the shoulders of individuals with no legal training
CNN  "  Star Wars " fans will get more than they bargained for when the saga comes to digital HD on Friday . The collection of the first six "  Star Wars " movies will also include many special features , some of which give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the saga . One focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies , including that of the insect-like Geonosians , as seen in "  Star Wars Episode II : Attack of the Clones . " ` Star Wars ' universe gets its first gay character In the exclusive first-look video , sound designer Ben Burtt explains which animals were used to capture the alien sounds made by the Geonosians . Take a look at the video above to find out . ` Star Wars ' films available for digital download for first time	The "  Star Wars " digital collection is set for release this week Special features include behind-the-scenes stories on the unique alien sounds from the movie
Mental Floss  -- While reading a story on this site about rare video games , Tanner Sandlin of Austin , Texas , recognized one of the games -- Air Raid for the Atari 2600 . He found the thirteenth known copy of the game in his garage and put it on eBay . It sold last Sunday for $ 31,600 , the second-highest price ever paid for a video game . Sandlin bought the game when he was 11 or 12 years old at a store called Tuesday Morning in Arlington , Texas . The store bought overstocked or undersold goods from other retailers and sold the items at a discount . 8 very rare and very expensive video games Sandlin said he paid between $ 5 and $ 10 for Air Raid in the mid-1980s . This is important because none of the other twelve people who possess Air Raid cartridges were the original owners -- they bought them at auction , secondhand stores , or through private collectors . Learning a collectible item 's "  provenance , " or owner history , is key to proving its authenticity . Since Sandlin was the original owner , his cartridge had more credibility than one found in a box at the local thrift store . 6 more people who accidentally found a fortune Oddly enough , Sandlin remembered that this much sought after game was n't really all that great . In fact , the only reason he still had it was because it was so bad . He and his friends used to borrow games from each other all the time -- sometimes you 'd get your game back , sometimes you would n't , and that was OK . But no one wanted to keep Air Raid , so it kept coming back to him . He 's not complaining now . While it 's impressive that Sandlin had the thirteenth known copy of Air Raid , he also had the original packaging , which changed everything . Why ? Because his was the only known Air Raid box in the world , making it the only known complete copy of the game in existence . But he could n't start counting his fortune just yet . If you 're willing to pay thousands of dollars for a video game , you 're going to make sure it 's legitimate . Sandlin knew this , so he went straight to an expert , Albert Yarusso of AtariAge.com , a forum for fans of anything Atari , to get his professional opinion on the authenticity of the find . The two both live in Austin , so Yarusso met with Sandlin and examined both the game and the box in person . After some thorough research , Yarusso declared everything was real  or the most impressive forgery he 'd ever seen  . With expert confirmation behind him , Sandlin pulled his stand-alone cartridge auction on eBay and replaced it with the complete game package . The starting price was $ .50 . Sandlin 's eBay auction ended on April 10 , 2010 at about 10:15 p.m. EST. . With only 5 minutes to go , the highest bid was $ 14,600 . It sat at this price until the very last few seconds , when it jumped to $ 17,528 , and then made a giant leap to $ 31,500 . The final bid was $ 31,600 . This sets a new record price for the game , blowing away the previous record of $ 3,000 . That also makes it the second-highest price ever paid for a video game cartridge , just behind the $ 43,300 paid for a factory-sealed copy of Stadium Events for the Nintendo back in February . I asked Sandlin what he intended to do with the money and he was n't quite sure yet . He did know that he wanted to buy something tangible ; something he could point at it and say , "  I bought that with a video game ! " Now if you 'll excuse me , I have to go look for something in my garage . Mental Floss : Lost treasures waiting to be found For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Tanner Sandlin read on CNN.com about high prices paid for rare video games He remembered he owned Air Raid for the Atari 2600 and dug it out of garage Expert declared it authentic ; Sandlin put the game up for auction , gets $ 31,6000 Says he never really enjoyed playing the video game
CNN  -- Bristol County , Massachusetts , prosecutors have dropped charges against an 18-year-old man accused of raping a 17-year-old girl in July at a Keith Urban concert south of Boston . "  Given the state of the evidence , the case was dismissed in the interest of justice , " said Gregg Miliote , a spokesman for the Bristol County district attorney . Sean Murphy was charged with rape after an incident that happened in front of a large crowd on the lawn of the Xfinity Center , an outdoor amphitheater in Mansfield , Massachusetts , on July 26 . Multiple people recorded what happened on their cell phones and provided video to authorities for their investigation . Murphy entered a not guilty plea in court and was released on $ 10,000 bond . His attorney had always maintained his client 's innocence . "  Put simply , this was a consensual act , not a sexual assault , " lawyer Steven Brooks said at the time . "  This was a private act that regrettably occurred in a public place . " "  Mr. Murphy deeply regrets this incident and I am sure the young woman does as well . The young woman was neither intoxicated nor overcome by drugs at the time . Mr. Murphy has no criminal history whatsoever . " Fans hospitalized after ` nutso ' Keith Urban concert About 18,000 people attended the concert in Mansfield , about 30 miles south of Boston . More than 20 people were hospitalized after the concert , police said . Another 50 were taken into protective custody , and several others were arrested over "  alcohol-related issues , " local authorities said . "  In total , fire and EMS attended to 46 medicals resulting in 22 transports mostly alcohol-related , " Mansfield Police Chief Ron Sellon and Fire Chief Neal Boldrighini said in a joint statement . "  Police dealt with a steady stream of intoxicated persons as well , resulting in over 50 people being taken into protective custody and a number of others arrested for alcohol-related issues . " CNN 's Alan Duke , Mayra Cuevas , Todd Leopold and Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	The suspect 's lawyer says it "  was a consensual act , not a sexual assault " The incident happened in front of a large crowd on the Xfinity Center lawn People recorded what happened on their cell phones and provided video to authorities "  This was a private act that regrettably occurred in a public place , " attorney says
Washington  CNN  -- NFL player Samuel Hurd has been arrested and charged with conspiring to distribute cocaine , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement announced Thursday . Agents say Hurd , 26 , a wide receiver for the Chicago Bears , was arrested Wednesday night after a five-month investigation that began in Dallas , where Hurd once played for the Cowboys . Authorities say he was trying to set up a drug distribution network in Chicago . The complaint states that Hurd met with an ICE undercover agent at a restaurant in Chicago on Wednesday night when , law enforcement officials say , Hurd introduced himself as the person communicating with a confidential informant . Hurd stated that he was interested in purchasing 5 to 10 kilograms of cocaine , at $ 25,000 per kilogram , and 1,000 pounds of marijuana at $ 450 per pound per week for distribution in the Chicago area , according to ICE . Hurd said that "  he and another co-conspirator currently distribute about four kilograms of cocaine per week in Chicago but that his supplier could n't supply him with enough quantity , " Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials said . After they finished negotiating , according to the complaint , the undercover agent presented Hurd with a kilogram of cocaine that Hurd accepted . "  Hurd stated that he plays for the Chicago Bears and that he gets out of practice at about 5:30 p.m. , after which he would make arrangements to pay for the kilogram of cocaine , " ICE officials said in a news release , "  Hurd left the restaurant with the bag of cocaine and was arrested shortly thereafter in the parking lot of the restaurant . " If convicted , Hurd faces a maximum penalty of 40 years in prison and a $ 2 million fine for conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 500 grams or more of cocaine . CNN 's efforts to contact Hurd 's lawyers were unsuccessful Thursday afternoon .	Chicago Bears wide receiver Samuel Hurd arrested Officials accuse him of trying to set up a drug distribution network He accepted a kilo of cocaine from undercover agent , they say
CNN  -- Casey Anthony , accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter Caylee in 2008 , did not mention the child 's disappearance to her boyfriend , any of his roommates or her acquaintances at a nightclub during the month Caylee was missing before police were notified , a handful of witnesses testified Wednesday . The evening of June 16 , the last day Caylee was seen , Anthony was "  the way she was every day , " her then-boyfriend , Anthony Lazzaro , testified . "  Happy . Happy to see me . Having a grand old time . " After that , he said , Anthony started staying at his Orlando apartment daily . At the time , he was living with roommates Cameron Campana , Nathan Lezniewicz and Roy "  Clint " House . All three men testified that they knew Anthony before she moved in and that they had met Caylee . Caylee 's disappearance was not reported to police until July 15 . After Anthony moved in , according to testimony , neither Lazzaro nor his roommates saw Caylee again . Anthony has pleaded not guilty to the charges against her and denies harming her daughter or having anything to do with her disappearance . Defense attorney Jose Baez has said that once all the facts are known , it will become clear that his client is not guilty . In addition to capital murder , Anthony , now 25 , faces six other charges , including aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and providing false information to authorities . If she is convicted by the jurors -- seven women and five men -- she could face the death penalty . The Orlando trial , which comes after nearly three years of legal twists , turns and delays , has garnered interest nationwide . The only witness to testify Wednesday besides Lazzaro , his former roommates and House 's ex-girlfriend , Maria Kissh , was Brian Burner , the Anthonys ' next-door neighbor . Burner testified he was doing yard work outside his house on June 18 when Casey Anthony approached him and asked to borrow a shovel "  to dig up a bamboo root . " He said he gave her the shovel and she went into her family 's backyard . He finished his yard work and went inside , he said , adding that she knocked on the door and returned the shovel about an hour later . He said Anthony 's demeanor was "  just normal , " and he could n't recall that she was sweaty or looked different when she returned the shovel . Burner said he saw Anthony back her car into her parents ' garage several times that week but admitted he did not know how or where she usually parked her car . Lazzaro 's three roommates testified that after Anthony moved in , she cooked , cleaned and did laundry . They and Lazzaro said she would talk on the phone but would always go outside to do so . But she never mentioned that Caylee was missing , had been kidnapped or that she was looking for her , and she never asked for help , they and Kissh testified . When they asked about the little girl , Anthony told them that Caylee was with her nanny at Universal Studios and that the nanny was taking her to Cocoa Beach , according to testimony . Kissh said Anthony told her she was paying the nanny $ 400 a week , and Anthony told her Caylee 's father was deceased . In the early days of the investigation , Anthony said the nanny , who she said was named Zenaida Gonzalez and nicknamed "  Zanny , " had kidnapped Caylee . Authorities were never able to find the woman . Lazzaro and his roommates testified that the times they saw Anthony with her daughter , the little girl did not appear to be mistreated , abused or neglected and that Anthony appeared to be a caring mother . Kissh , however , recalled one occasion when she went to the apartment to see House , and Caylee -- whom she had never seen before -- answered the door . Anthony and Lazzaro were back in his bedroom , and she was left alone with Caylee for 20 minutes or so , she said . As Kissh and House were leaving , she testified , Anthony came out and told Caylee to put her shoes on , as they were also leaving . Kissh said she helped Caylee put on her shoes and socks after she noticed the girl "  struggling . " The testimony came a day after Baez dropped bombshell allegations in his opening statement . Baez said that Caylee was not murdered , but drowned in the pool belonging to Anthony 's parents , George and Cindy Anthony , on June 16 . Casey and George Anthony panicked upon finding the child dead , Baez said . Baez dropped another bombshell when explaining Anthony 's behavior in the month before Caylee was reported missing on July 15 -- partying at clubs and lying about the child 's whereabouts . He said Anthony was sexually abused by her father starting at age 8 , and was "  hiding her pain , " as she had been taught from an early age to behave as if nothing was wrong . However , in his testimony , George Anthony , the trial 's first witness , denied ever sexually abusing his daughter . He also said he was not at his home when Caylee died . "  If I 'd have known something happened to Caylee , we would n't be here today , " he said . As a former police officer , he said , he was trained in CPR and would have done everything possible to save his granddaughter 's life if he found her in the pool as Baez alleged . Baez also alleged Tuesday that Casey Anthony was inappropriately touched by her brother , Lee , although "  it did n't go as far " as it had with her father . It was bad enough , however , he said , that the FBI conducted a paternity test to see if Lee Anthony had fathered Caylee . He told jurors the Anthony family "  keeps its secrets quiet . ... You 're going to hear all kinds of bizarre family behavior . " On Wednesday , pictures of Anthony , Lezniewicz and Lazzaro at the Fusion Ultra Lounge nightclub were introduced into evidence by prosecutors , over Baez 's objections . The others testified about partying with her at nightclubs , including her participation in a "  hot body " contest on one occasion . Two women who worked as "  shot girls , " selling alcoholic shots to club patrons , testified Wednesday that Anthony was a sort of overseer , telling them where to be and looking out for them to make sure they were n't harmed . One , Jamie Realander , said that Anthony , in a conversation on July 15 , hours before Anthony 's mother reported the child missing , told her for the first time about her daughter , and invited her to Caylee 's birthday party the following month . Realander said she received a text message the following day asking for help in finding the little girl . The other , Erica Gonzalez , testified that Anthony made a remark in passing about having a daughter , but did n't know the child 's name or age . Realander and Gonzalez said Anthony never told them Caylee was missing in the 31 days before her disappearance was reported . Baez asked Campana and Lezniewicz the same question : Whether they were present at the Anthony home on June 16 when Caylee allegedly drowned in the pool . Both men said they were not . Baez attempted to ask Lazzaro whether Anthony had told him she was sexually abused by her father , but Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. sustained prosecutors ' objections and would not let Lazzaro answer the question . Meanwhile on Wednesday , the attorney for meter reader Roy Kronk , who found Caylee 's skeletal remains in December 2008 , issued a second statement denying Baez 's Tuesday allegations that Kronk had found the remains in an unknown location and moved them to where they were later discovered in an attempt to cash in on the high-profile case . "  The suggestion that Mr. Kronk took possession of Caylee 's remains is totally lacking in logic or explanation , " attorney David Evans said . "  It did not happen . " Kronk has been truthful with authorities , he said , and "  the defense team has tried repeatedly to cast Roy Kronk in the role of bad guy , even to the extent of making statements about him on national television that they knew to be false . " After Tuesday 's court session , an attorney for George and Cindy Anthony issued a statement responding to the claims Baez made during his opening remarks . "  George and Cindy Anthony are shocked and appalled that the defense would resort to lies about them in today 's opening statement . Baez 's idle speculation today certainly are not facts . The only result achieved by the defense in this statement was to further hurt this grieving family , " Orlando attorney Mark Lippman said in the written statement . "  George Anthony maintains that he never had anything to do with the death of Caylee Marie Anthony including what happened to her remains after she allegedly drowned , " Lippman added . In an appearance later Tuesday on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace , " Lippman was more pointed in his remarks , saying Baez 's accusations were "  all just fiction . His opening  statement  was fiction , and there 's nowhere to go with it . " " Everything he  Baez  said about George was a complete and utter lie , and I am , for one , very proud of my client for being able to sit there as he did and just be able to take what was said about him without showing the reaction that I felt myself on his behalf , " Lippman added . Earlier Tuesday , prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick told jurors in her opening statement that while it may be difficult to accept that a mother could kill her own child , there is no other conclusion that can be drawn , based on the evidence . "  No one but Casey Anthony had access to all the pieces of evidence in this case , " Burdick said . " ... No one else lied to their friends , to their family , to investigators . No one else benefited from the death of Caylee Marie Anthony . Caylee 's death allowed Casey Anthony to live the good life -- at least for 31 days . " HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " producers Philip Rosenbaum and Lee Alexander contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Casey Anthony 's then-boyfriend : She was "  having a grand old time " NEW : Neighbor testifies Anthony asked to borrow a shovel just after child disappeared Anthony lived with her boyfriend for a month before the child was reported missing Anthony is accused of killing the 2-year-old in 2008
CNN  -- About 30 passengers suffered "  minor to moderate " injures when an Amtrak passenger train collided with a truck near Hanford , California , Monday afternoon , a sheriff 's spokesman said . "  It was a traffic collision with a big rig and an Amtrak train which collided , " Kings County Assistant Sheriff Dave Putnam said . "  The big rig hauling cotton failed to yield . " There were 11 people with moderate injuries and 19 with minor injuries , according to Kings County EMS Director Dan Lynch . Thirteen ambulances arrived at the scene to take the injured hospitals , Lynch said . Were you there ? Share your stories , images and videos . "  At about 12:25 p.m. Pacific Time , a semi tractor-trailer rig drove into the side of an Amtrak train at a public railroad crossing equipped with warning lights , bells and gates , south of Hanford , California , " an Amtrak statement said . About 169 passengers and four crew members were on Train 712 , which was traveling south from Oakland to Bakersfield , California , Amtrak said . Three of the four train cars left the tracks , Putnam said . The last two cars of the train were at a 45-degree angle to the track , while the third from the end was standing at a 65-degree angle , he said . "  It was a fairly high speed collision which caused the train to derail and stop about a half mile south of the initial hit , " Putnam said . iReport : Photos capture ` Carmageddon ' bridge collapse Emergency workers were working to stop diesel fuel that was spilling from the engine , he said . Unhurt passengers board school buses for a rode to the town 's civic center Amtrak arranges for their transportation to Bakersfield 85 miles away , he said . Hanford is about 200 miles north of Los Angeles . ` Carmageddon II ' traffic nightmare fails to materialize in L.A. Self-driving cars now legal in California Governor signs law to make California home to nation 's first truly high-speed rail CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW :169 passengers and four crew members were on the southbound train , Amtrak says "  A big rig and an Amtrak train ... collided , " a sheriff 's spokesman says 11 people suffered moderate injuries , while 19 have minor injuries , an EMS official says "  It was a fairly high speed collision , " an official says
Nigerian forces battling the Islamist terror group Boko Haram have killed a man suspected of acting as the group 's leader , Nigeria 's Defense Ministry said . The soldiers and Boko Haram militants clashed several times in the past week in communities around the city of Maiduguri in the country 's northeastern Borno state , the ministry 's statement said . "  In the course of those encounters , one Mohammed Bashir who has been acting or posing on videos as the deceased Abubakar Shekau , the eccentric character known as leader of the group , died , " it said . "  Since the name Shekau has become a brand name for the terrorists ' leader , the Nigerian military remains resolute to serve justice to anyone who assumes that designation or title . " The Nigerian military has touted Shekau 's death several times , only to retract its claim after he appeared alive and well in propaganda videos . Several other Boko Haram fighters also died in the latest fighting , the Defense Ministry said , and a number were captured along with their equipment . Another 135 militants also surrendered to Nigerian troops in the Biu area , southwest of Maiduguri , it said . Jonathan : Destructive effects Nigeria 's President Goodluck Jonathan told a meeting of the U.N. Security Council on Wednesday that Boko Haram shared a common agenda with other terror groups such as ISIS and al Qaeda -- that being "  to unleash terror , mayhem , destruction , and instability around the world " -- but that Nigeria was working hard to root out the group . "  Nigeria knows too well the destructive effects of terrorist activities , " he said . "  Over the past five years , we have been , and are still confronting threats posed by Boko Haram to peace and stability predominantly in the North Eastern part of our country . "  The costs are high : over 13,000 people have been killed , whole communities razed , and hundreds of persons kidnapped , the most prominent being the mindless kidnap of our innocent daughters from Chibok Secondary School , in North East Nigeria . " The terrorist group abducted an estimated 276 girls in April from the boarding school in Chibok . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 are still missing . Nigerian government officials and the International Committee of the Red Cross have had talks with Boko Haram about swapping imprisoned members of the Islamist terrorist group for the girls , a source involved in the negotiations told CNN last week , but hurdles remain . Show of defiance Boko Haram was born 12 years ago , led by a charismatic cleric named Mohammed Yusuf who was pushing for a pure Islamic state . Yusuf was killed by police in 2009 , with Abubakar Shekau taking over the group . In recent years , its attacks have intensified in an apparent show of defiance amid the nation 's military onslaught . Its ambitions appear to have expanded to the destruction of the Nigerian government . Much of this violence has been in Yobe , Kano , Bauchi , Borno and Kaduna states in the country 's north and east , though the national capital , Abuja , has also been hit . The name "  Boko Haram " translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . The militant group is trying to impose strict Sharia law across Nigeria , the most populous country in Africa .	Defense Ministry : Troops have killed a man who 's been acting as leader of Boko Haram He "  has been acting or posing on videos as the deceased Abubakar Shekau , " it said The military has claimed several times to have killed Boko Haram chief Abubakar Shekau President Jonathan : Nigeria "  knows too well the destructive effects of terrorist activities "
Chicago  CNN  -- Hundreds of thousands of Chicago schoolchildren will return to class Wednesday after the teachers union voted to suspend its strike . About 800 union officers and delegates met for just over two hours before there was an overwhelming voice vote to suspend the walkout , union leaders said Tuesday . The contract agreement with the school system still needs to be ratified by the more than 29,000 teachers and support staff who are members of the union . Karen Lewis , union president , said the rank and file will vote in "  the next couple of weeks . " Chicago Public Schools , the third-largest U.S. school system , and the union struck a tentative bargain Friday afternoon . But on Sunday , union members decided to continue the walkout while they reviewed the proposal . "  Well , I think it is the best deal we could get at this moment in time , " Lewis said before the meeting . Afterwards , she said there was no such thing as a perfect contract , and that not every member of the union would be pleased . That included people like Benita Whitfield Shanklin , a social worker who voted no on Tuesday . "  I have two different feelings at the same time -- happy that we are so solid and we 're a tight working unit , " she said , "  but at the same time I 'm sad that we were n't able to make any progress on class sizes and the school closures . We have a lot of parents that were supporting us , and I feel like we let them down . " Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel said the new contract is "  an honest compromise . " Emanuel highlighted the fact that the new school day would be longer for many students . He said that a child who enters kindergarten under the terms of the new agreement would receive 21/2 more years of instruction by the time he graduated . "  In this contract we gave our children a seat at the table , " he said at a news conference . Lewis told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that Emanuel had tried to bully her union members . "  The mayor had an education agenda he wanted to ram down our throats , " she said . "  The fact is that we were still able to enjoin our members to move as one . And I think that powerful message  is  when you work together , you accomplish magnificent things . We still want to work with the board of education so we can accomplish what 's really best for our kids . " Parents and city officials will be happy to send about 350,000 children back to class after they missed seven school days . "  I 'm just glad that everyone got what they wanted but I just wanted the children to be first , " Lisa Russell , a parent , told CNN affiliate WLS . "  And I believe they are first . " The school board posted a notice on its website : "  Chicago Teachers Union leadership has chosen to end the strike . All Chicago Public Schools will re-open on Wednesday , September 19 , and all CPS students are expected to be back in the classroom . " David Vitale , chairman of the school board , said the new deal will transform the school system to the benefit of teachers and students . He acknowledged the negotiations were n't easy . "  You need to know that our engagement was totally professional , and while it was extremely hard work , the work was done with purpose and with intent , I believe , the get our kids back to school , " he said . Darren Tuggle , who has taught high school English for 13 years , said the strike was n't about money , rather it was about classroom conditions . He said that teachers were frustrated with the board , whose members are appointed and most of whom came from business backgrounds . "  More people are going to stand up to that , " he said , referring to the situation in Chicago and to what he called the movement toward "  privatization nationwide . " He said the move to a longer instructional day was like making a bowl of soup into a larger bowl of soup : It only makes it bigger , not necessarily tastier . "  We need to really be looking at ways to make things better and doing it in a smart way , " he said . "  There was no discussion about quality  from the school board  . " Q&A : What 's behind the Chicago teachers ' strike ? Teachers walked off the job September 10 , objecting to a longer school day , evaluations tied to student performance and job losses from school closings . Parents have juggled their families ' schedules for more than a week to make sure their children are attended to while schools are closed . One parent on the impact of the strike This contract calls for longer school days for elementary and high school-age students , 10 more "  instructional days " each school year and a single calendar for the entire school system , as opposed to the two schedules now in place , depending on the school . The pay structure would change with a 3 % pay increase for the first year of the contract , 2 % for the second year and 2 % for the third year . If a trigger extends the contract to four years , teachers will get a 3 % pay increase . Union members would no longer be compensated for unused personal days , health insurance contribution rates would be frozen , and the "  enhanced pension program " would be eliminated . Why they teach despite it all As is , the median base salary for teachers in the Chicago public schools in 2011 was $ 67,974 , according to the system 's annual financial report . Chicago Public Schools CEO Jean-Claude Brizard said that the schools had improved measurably in the past year in test scores . The graduation rate was the highest and the dropout rate was the lowest in history . "  With this agreement now we have the foundation for transformation , " he said . For high school athletes , strike could put scholarships on the line CNN 's Kyung Lah reported from Chicago and Greg Botelho from Atlanta . CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Chris Welch , Katherine Wojtecki and Ed Payne also contributed to this report .	Union leader says mayor "  had an education agenda he wanted to ram down our throats " Union says teachers , support staff will return to work on Wednesday A tentative contract agreement was reached Sunday Rank and file still need to vote on the new deal
CNN  -- It 's well known that the secret to Apple 's meteoric success in the world of consumer technology was the vision , leadership and creativity of Steve Jobs , the company 's celebrity founder . "  Steve built a company and culture that is unlike any other in the world and we are going to stay true to that -- it is in our DNA , " Tim Cook , Jobs ' successor , wrote in a staff memo after Jobs resigned from his post as Apple 's CEO in August . What 's less talked about is what drove Jobs , who died Wednesday at 56 . As with anyone , Jobs ' values were shaped by his upbringing and life experiences . He was born in 1955 in San Francisco and grew up amid the rise of hippie counterculture . Bob Dylan and the Beatles were his two favorite musical acts , and he shared their political leanings , antiestablishment views and , reportedly , youthful experimentation with psychedelic drug usage . The name of Jobs ' company is said to be inspired by the Beatles ' Apple Corps , which repeatedly sued the electronics maker for trademark infringement until signing an exclusive digital distribution deal with iTunes . Like the Beatles , Jobs took a spiritual retreat to India and regularly walked around his neighborhood and the office barefoot . Traversing India sparked Jobs ' conversion to Buddhism . Kobun Chino , a monk , presided over his wedding to Laurene Powell , a Stanford University MBA . ` Life is an intelligent thing ' Rebirth is a precept of Buddhism , and Apple experienced rebirth of sorts when Jobs returned , after he was fired , to remake a company that had fallen the verge of bankruptcy . "  I believe life is an intelligent thing , that things are n't random , " Jobs said in a 1997 interview with Time , providing a glimpse into his complicated belief system that extends well beyond the Buddhist teachings . Karma is another principle of the religion , but it did n't appear to be a system Jobs lived by . If he feared karma coming back to bite him , the sentiment was n't evident in his public statements about competitors and former colleagues , calling them "  bozos " lacking taste . Those who worked for Jobs described him as a tyrant they feared meeting in an elevator . "  You 'd be surprised how hard people work around here , " Jobs said in a 2004 interview with Businessweek . "  They work nights and weekends , sometimes not seeing their families for a while . Sometimes people work through Christmas to make sure the tooling is just right at some factory in some corner of the world so our product comes out the best it can be . " Some engineers who worked tirelessly on the original Mac emerged from the project estranged from their spouses and children . Jobs ' relentless work ethic may have been shaped by some of his dysfunctional family affairs as well . ` I 've done things I 'm not proud of ' Jobs was adopted by Clara and Paul Jobs , who promised his birth mother , Joanne Simpson  whom Jobs later tracked down with the help of a private investigator  , that they would send him to a university . He dropped out of Reed College after one semester , and he reportedly never was willing to talk to his birth father . Jobs had a daughter , Lisa , out of wedlock with Chrisann Brennan . He denied paternity for many years , swearing in a court document that he was sterile . Later , he had three more kids with Laurene Powell . "  I 've done a lot of things I 'm not proud of , such as getting my girlfriend pregnant when I was 23 and the way I handled that , " Jobs said in a statement in 2011 to promote his authorized biography . That youthful indiscretion came before Jobs turned to Buddhism and karma . ` The core values are the same ' The Buddhist scriptures , according to tradition , were transmitted in secret , as were many of Apple 's business dealings and Jobs ' personal struggles . Like the paranoid secrecy that surrounded product development at Apple , Jobs spurned most reporters ' interview requests , misled them in statements he did give , refused to disclose details of his cancer to investors until undergoing an operation and became shrouded in a scandal involving backdating stock options . By all accounts , he played by his own rules . Those who disclosed his secrets or whispered about his company were punished or threatened . Apple sued , and eventually settled with , the anonymous young blogger behind Think Secret , which accurately reported on Apple rumors in the early 2000s . And then there 's the story of a lost iPhone 4 prototype , which was purchased and publicized by the blog Gizmodo . "  When this whole thing with Gizmodo happened , I got a lot of advice from people that said , ` You 've got to just let it slide , ' " Jobs said onstage at a technology convention in 2010 . "  I thought deeply about this , and I ended up concluding that the worst thing that could possibly happen as we get big and we get a little more influence in the world is if we change our core values and start letting it slide . I ca n't do that . I 'd rather quit . " That stance was repeated this year , with Jobs still as CEO though on medical leave , when another employee left a prototype iPhone 5 in a bar . Apple enlisted the help of San Francisco police to investigate . "  We have the same values now as we had then , " Jobs said at the AllThingsD conference . "  We 're a little more experienced , certainly beat-up , but the core values are the same . " ` We 're here to put a dent in the universe ' Perhaps the most salient of those values is , simply , to make an outsize impact on society . Or , as Jobs put it , "  We 're here to put a dent in the universe . " However , Apple and Jobs did n't make much of a dent with philanthropy . "  We do things where we feel we can make a significant contribution , " Jobs told Businessweek in 2004 . "  And our primary goal here is ... not to be the biggest or the richest . " To achieve that goal , Jobs was an obsessive micromanager . Part of the reason Jobs ' DNA is so ingrained in Apple is because he forced his hand onto so many parts of it . He personally fielded some customer-service requests sent to him via e-mail ; he was active in product design , co-authoring more than 300 patents ; and he had a hand in the marketing efforts , including the famous Think Different and Mac vs. PC campaigns . "  What is Apple , after all ? " Jobs mused to Time . "  Apple is about people who think ` outside the box , ' people who want to use computers to help them change the world , to help them create things that make a difference , and not just to get a job done . " ` Focus and simplicity ' Jobs famously lured John Sculley , the PepsiCo president , to run Apple by saying : "  Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water , or do you want a chance to change the world ? "  They had a permanent falling out when Jobs was booted from Apple . "  What makes Steve 's methodology different from everyone else 's is that he always believed the most important decisions you make are not the things you do , but the things you decide not to do , " Sculley said in a 2010 interview with Businessweek . "  He 's a minimalist . I remember going into Steve 's house , and he had almost no furniture in it . He just had a picture of Einstein , whom he admired greatly , and he had a Tiffany lamp and a chair and a bed . He just did n't believe in having lots of things around , but he was incredibly careful in what he selected . " Restraint , at least in gadget design and interior decorating , was a primary principle for Jobs . Shortly after his return to Apple , he shuttered several divisions and turned his attention to a few key initiatives . Even today , Apple 's product lines and revenue are zeroed in on just a few industries in which the company can dominate . "  That 's been one of my mantras : focus and simplicity , " Jobs told Businessweek in 1998 . "  Simple can be harder than complex : You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple . But it 's worth it in the end because once you get there , you can move mountains . " He elaborated in the interview with the publication six years later : "  It comes from saying no to 1,000 things to make sure we do n't get on the wrong track or try to do too much . We 're always thinking about new markets we could enter , but it 's only by saying no that you can concentrate on the things that are really important . " ` Stay hungry . Stay foolish . ' Apple 's management team members have each adopted parts of this code . Jonathan Ive , the industrial-design executive , echoes Jobs ' simplicity ethic . Scott Forstall , the mobile software lead , has apparently inherited some of Jobs ' enthusiasm and showmanship . And Cook , the former operations chief and , by some accounts , current workaholic micromanager , runs the company like he manages his private life : shrouded in secrecy . However , Cook comes out of his shell in order to impart the ethical standards onto new recruits . He , along with other execs , teaches at Apple University . Apple University ensures that employees are thoroughly educated on the company 's principles and that Jobs ' ideals live on . Jobs believed people never stop learning and should voraciously open their minds to new ideas . Put another way , like in his closing statement to Stanford 's graduating class in 2005 , "  Stay hungry . Stay foolish . "	Steve Jobs ' values were shaped by his upbringing and life experiences "  That 's been one of my mantras : focus and simplicity , " Jobs said in 1998 Traversing India sparked Apple co-founder 's conversion to Buddhism Jobs on his goals : "  We 're here to put a dent in the universe "
CNN  -- The cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed that sparked protests worldwide four years ago will be republished in a new book soon . Staffers at Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten said the cartoons will be in a book created by cultural editor Flemming Rose and will be titled "  The Tyranny of Silence . " Rose could not be reached for comment . The book is scheduled to hit stores on September 30 , staffers said . The cartoons were published in September 2006 and sparked worldwide protests after the reprinting of the caricatures in other publications . Islam forbids depictions of Mohammed . Many Muslims were also furious at the drawings themselves . One of them showed the religious figure wearing a turban shaped like a bomb with a lit fuse . In January of 2007 , a Norwegian newspaper reprinted the drawings . Some European papers later published some of the cartoons as a way of covering the controversy , some papers said . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	The book is scheduled to hit stores on September 30 Protesters hit the streets the first time cartoons are published In January of 2007 , a Norwegian newspaper reprinted the drawings
Cuban weapons found in July aboard a North Korean ship trying to cross the Panama Canal violated United Nations weapons sanctions , Panamanian officials said , citing an unpublished U.N. report on the incident . Cuban officials said Thursday that they had no comment on the Panamanian allegations . In July , Cuba 's foreign ministry issued a statement that said the undeclared shipment discovered aboard the ship consisted of obsolete weapons being sent to North Korea for repairs before being returned to Cuba . But Panamanian officials have said that under 10,000 tons of Cuban sugar , they found operational weaponry , including MiG fighter jets , anti-aircraft systems and explosives . "  The Cuban weapons on the North Korean ship undeniably violated the U.N. weapons embargo , " said a statement issued Wednesday by Panama 's Ministry of Public Security , citing a preliminary report by U.N. weapons inspectors who inspected the ship . Despite Cuba 's assertions that the weapons were being sent for repairs , the shipment may have been intended to bolster North Korea 's own defenses . "  North Korea is very interested in maintaining its MiG-21 fleet , " said James Hardy , Asia-Pacific editor for Jane 's Defence Weekly . "  It may be a 50-year-old plane , but it 's very fast and capable in a dogfight . " Still , Hardy said , if the shipment was part of an illegal arms deal , it remains to be seen what further sanctions Cuba or North Korea could face . "  The U.N. sanctions are very strict , " he said . "  But the consequences are not clear . " While authorities have not said what will become of the Cuban weapons , the North Korean crew may finally be heading home . Panamanian authorities met Wednesday with North Korean diplomats and said they agreed to begin the process of repatriating the 35-member North Korean crew , who have been held in Panama after initially trying to prevent authorities from searching the ship . That ship , the Chong Chon Gang , could also be returned to North Korea after repairs are made . According to the Panamanian statement , the crew rendered the ship inoperable during the struggle to keep customs authorities from boarding it . Although secret shipments of arms between North Korea and Cuba were not previously well-known , they apparently have taken place for decades . In July , former President Fidel Castro wrote that in the 1980s , North Korea sent Cuba 100,000 AK-47 rifles after the Soviet Union denied the island military aid that could be used to repel a feared U.S. invasion . "  They did not charge us a cent , " Castro wrote of the North Korean shipments .	Panama says it found fighter jets , explosives aboard North Korean ship in July Cuba says the weapons were going to be repaired and returned Panamanian officials cite unpublished U.N. weapons inspector report Shipment may have been intended to bolster North Korean defenses
CNN  -- Levon Helm , the drummer , multi-instrumentalist and singer for The Band who kept the band 's heart for more than three decades , died "  peacefully " Thursday afternoon , according to his record label , Vanguard Records . He was 71 . "  He was surrounded by family , friends and band mates and will be remembered by all he touched as a brilliant musician and a beautiful soul , " the record label 's statement said . A statement from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , which inducted Helm in 1994 , called him the backbone of The Band . "  As a member of the one of the most influential rock and roll groups , The Band , Levon Helm produced music that was as much timeless as it was timely , " it said . "  In the late 1960s and early 1970s when the country was divided , The Band still projected a sense of unity and brought generations of fans together from all over the world . " Helm had a voice unlike any other in rock music : definitively Southern , soulful and gritty , an oak-barreled whiskey that sometimes went down with a fiery kick . He could be mournful , calling up ghosts , as he did in "  The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down " and the half-chanted chorus of "  King Harvest  Has Surely Come  . " He could be playful , as he was in "  Ophelia " and "  The Weight , " where in the latter he lunges into the "  Take a load off , Fanny " chorus with joyful abandon . And he could belt in sheer pleasure , galloping through "  The W.S. Walcott Medicine Show " or simply lending his unique harmonies to "  The Shape I 'm In " and "  This Wheel 's on Fire . " It was an American voice . Helm had been suffering from throat cancer . Despite reducing his voice to a rasp in recent years , it had not robbed him of his spirit . At his home in Woodstock , New York , he regularly hosted the Midnight Ramble , weekly concerts that attracted sell-out crowds and all-star support from the likes of Emmylou Harris , Kris Kristofferson and Steely Dan 's Donald Fagen . In the past decade , he recorded two albums , 2007 's "  Dirt Farmer " and 2009 's "  Electric Dirt , " that won Grammys . And he occasionally took the show on the road , making appearances at Tennessee 's Bonnaroo , the Newport Folk Festival and Los Angeles ' Greek Theater . Music , TV industries mourn Dick Clark But Helm is best known for providing the vocals to such rock 'n' roll standards as "  The Weight " and "  The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down , " the latter a tale of a Confederate veteran sizing up his wasted land . That song was credited to The Band 's primary songwriter , Robbie Robertson , who has said he was inspired by tales of the South from Helm and others . Certainly , there was never a doubt who would sing it : the Arkansas-born , Southern-mythologizing Helm . "  I aimed it right at him , I wrote it for him , he gets to say it all , " Robertson told Rolling Stone in 1969 . Levon Helm was born Mark Lavon Helm in Elaine , Arkansas , on May 26 , 1940 , the son of a cotton farmer . He told CNN that he was inspired by "  the old traveling medicine tent shows " that would make the rounds in the South . "  They had comedians and wine and music . Always a lot of music , " he said in 2010 . After high school , he joined Ronnie Hawkins ' band , the Hawks . When the Hawks moved to Canada in the early '60s , Hawkins and Helm recruited several local musicians , including Robertson , Rick Danko , Richard Manuel and finally Garth Hudson . Hawkins left the band in 1963 , and the group renamed itself Levon and the Hawks . The next year the group met Bob Dylan , beginning one of rock 's great partnerships . The group , already known for its blazing live performances , ended up accompanying Dylan on his famous 1965-66 tours -- though Helm left by the end of 1965 , upset at the vicious reaction the newly electric Dylan was getting from audiences . Helm rejoined the Hawks in 1967 , playing on what became known as Dylan 's "  Basement Tapes . " The group also wrote and recorded its own songs in the same place , a house called "  Big Pink " in West Saugerties , New York . Renamed The Band , the group put out its debut album , "  Music from Big Pink , " in 1968 , to rapturous reviews . "  Six months are left in this proselytizing year of music ... but I have chosen my album for 1968 . ` Music from Big Pink ' is an event and should be treated as one , " wrote Al Kooper in his Rolling Stone review of the LP . The music was something new in American rock : both ancient and modern , rooted in the past and eschewing the psychedelic sounds then in vogue . The group , too , looked like something just emerged from a 19th century daguerreotype . And Dylan did the cover and wrote or co-wrote three of the songs . The next album , 1969 's "  The Band , " earned them the January 12 , 1970 , cover of Time magazine , headlined "  The New Sound of Country Rock . " The magazine 's artwork featured a menacing-looking Helm , bearded and hatted , looking every bit the American prophet he sometimes sounded . The group was , and remains , hugely influential ; the whole alt-country movement can trace at least some of its roots to The Band .  Patterson Hood , the leader of the Drive-By Truckers , named one of his earlier groups "  Virgil Kane " after the protagonist of "  The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down . "  Elton John and Bernie Taupin were huge fans , and their song "  Levon " drew its character 's name from Helm . The Band put out several more albums , including "  Stage Fright , " "  Cahoots " and "  Moondog Matinee , " but touring and internal dissension took their toll . In 1976 , the group decided to bow out with an all-star concert , "  The Last Waltz , " filmed by Martin Scorsese and considered one of the great music concert documentaries . The tensions of the band were obvious on screen , and Helm in particular did n't hide his anger . In his 1993 autobiography , he talked about his disgust , as Greg Kot observed in a 2002 article on the film 's anniversary . "  As far as I was concerned , the movie was a disaster , " Helm wrote in the book , "  This Wheel 's on Fire . " He also disputed some of Robertson 's songwriting credits , though Robertson questioned Helm 's version . "  Who did the work ? I tried , I begged Levon to write songs or help me write songs -- all the guys . I always encouraged everybody to write , " he told Kot . "  You ca n't make somebody do what they do n't want to do or ca n't do , and he 's not a songwriter . " Robertson , in a statement sent to CNN Wednesday , said he was "  shocked and so saddened to hear that my old band mate , Levon , was in the final stages of his battle with cancer . It hit me really hard because I thought he had beaten throat cancer and had no idea that he was this ill . "  Levon is one of the most extraordinary talented people I 've ever known and very much like an older brother to me . I am so grateful I got to see him one last time and will miss him and love him forever , " Robertson said . After the Band 's split , Helm recorded a handful of solo albums and toured with his old bandmates , minus Robertson . There were losses there , too : Manuel committed suicide in 1986 , and Danko passed away in 1999 . Helm occasionally played with other groups , notably Ringo Starr 's All-Starr Band . He also appeared in several movies , the best remembered of which is "  Coal Miner 's Daughter , " which won Sissy Spacek an Oscar for her portrayal of country star Loretta Lynn . Helm had some hard times in the late '90s . His studio was hit with a fire . The throat cancer took his voice and medical bills threatened his house . He nearly declared bankruptcy . "  You got to pick one -- pay your medical bills or pay the mortgage . Most people ca n't do both , and I 'm not different , " he told CNN . But the Ramble , intended as a one-off "  rent party , " according to Helm , helped raise money and revived his career . "  If I had my way about it , we 'd probably do it every night , " he said . "  I never get tired of it . " Indeed , it seemed there was nothing he enjoyed more than playing music for a few friends . In 2008 , Helm received a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award with The Band . He was n't present to receive it . He held a Midnight Ramble in Woodstock instead . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Helm , the drummer , multi-instrumentalist and singer for The Band , is dead at 71 He had been suffering from throat cancer Helm is best known for providing the vocals to The Band 's rock 'n' roll standards
Budget Travel  -- If you 're planning a cruise in 2012 , chances are high that you 'll be traveling to the Caribbean . According to CruiseCompete.com 's annual report , nine of the ten most popular cruise ports in the world are in the Caribbean  or close enough to count  . The website 's list , which is compiled from cruise quotes requested by potential customers , shows that Alaska is also a perennial favorite for cruisers . Several Inside Passage ports made the cut , with Juneau coming out as the most requested cruise stop in the 50 states . With so many people wanting to go to the same places , you might worry about crowds -- but you do n't need to . It turns out that even the hottest port has a few places where you can get off the beaten path . Here are some recommendations that will make you feel like you 're in the know , before you get off the ship . Budget Travel gallery : See the cruise ports # 1 Nassau , Bahamas Just 180 miles from Miami , the Bahamas are usually the first or last stop on an eastern Caribbean cruise  even though the archipelago is technically in the Atlantic  . People love the islands -- there are approximately 700 in all -- for first-class snorkeling , casinos and fine dining , and it 's top four ports are Nassau , Princess Cays , Great Stirrup Cay and Half Moon Cay , it 's the most requested country in the world for cruising , according to CruiseCompete . Two of them made the list for the top ten most visited ports in 2011 , including the capital , Nassau , which is a major shopping center . Secret : If you 'd rather mingle with locals than join the crowd heading to Senor Frog 's , take the Number 10 Jitney to Arawak Cay , where you 'll find several stands serving up fried seafood . Go to Goldie 's , and order a cold Kalik beer with some conch fritters ; if you go to the back porch , sometimes you 'll see workers pulling up the conch from the water . # 2 Cozumel , Mexico Mexico 's Yucatan Peninsula continues to draw sun seekers who want some culture with their cruise , particularly this year when the Mayan calendar predicts the end of days . But there 's plenty of room for fun , too . Cozumel , an island off the coast , offers countless snorkeling and water-based activities , as well as gorgeous beaches : Corona ads are often shot here . Secret : Can you stand the heat ? If so , the Mayan Steam Lodge/Temazcal experience -- a spiritual sauna-like ceremony that includes native rituals -- may be for you . Afterward , you 'll jump into the property 's freshwater cenote  underground spring  to cool off  there are also showers , if you 'd prefer to rinse off there  . The four-hour excursion costs $ 80 per person , and includes transportation to and from the ship . Budget Travel : 10 most beautiful churches # 3 Charlotte Amalie , St. Thomas , U.S. Virgin Islands If you 're on an eastern Caribbean cruise , you 'll probably stop in St. Thomas , as it 's one of the world 's busiest cruise ports . A Mecca for duty-free shopping , the Charlotte Amalie port has plenty of jewelry , perfume , and electronics stores ; check prices at a few shops before you buy to ensure the best deal . St. Thomas can also be a good place to unwind on a beach or provide a good jumping-off point for exploring the nearby island St. John , which is quieter and less developed . Secret : While everyone else on your ship heads for the famed Magens Bay beach , pick up some groceries at Crown Bay Marina for a picnic lunch and catch a ferry to Water Island , sometimes considered the fourth Virgin Island . Not only is the sea at the island 's palm-lined Honeymoon Beach calm , the cove is quiet -- you wo n't find the shops or tour operators here that you see on other St. Thomas beaches . # 4 Philipsburg , St. Maarten / St. Martin One island , two cultures : With portions settled by the French and the Dutch , the island is one of the smallest to be governed by two countries  do n't worry , though , almost everyone speaks English  . Philipsburg , on the Dutch side , rivals St. Thomas for duty-free shopping , while the towns of Marigot and Grand Case on the French side are filled with fine and casual restaurants with French flair where you can find dishes like escargot  snails  or bouillabaisse  fish soup  . Secret : If you do n't want to join the crowds breathing jet fumes at Maho Beach , take a short cab ride to French Cul-de-Sac , where you can catch a ferry to Pinel Island  regular service starts around 9 a.m.  . The uninhabited island off St. Martin has several restaurants where you can rent beach chairs , have drinks and go snorkeling ; there 's a designated snorkel trail in a protected marine reserve on the island 's south side , where you can spot sea fans , urchins , turtle and rays among the coral . Budget Travel : 15 things you did n't know about New Orleans # 5 Grand Cayman , Cayman Islands Known for offshore banking , the Cayman Islands have a natural side beyond the shops of George Town . Grand Cayman is one of the few places where you can see the world 's most endangered iguana , the blue iguana , and thousands of tourists converge on Stingray City to watch the sea animals . Seven Mile Beach offers an uninterrupted view of the Caribbean that seems like a postcard come to life . Secret : If you like Jimmy Buffet music , catch the Grand Cayman 's resident beach bum , the Barefoot Man  in real life , George Nowak  . He plays most Tuesdays and Thursdays at the Reef Resort on the island 's East End . If you do n't have time to catch a show , pick up a CD for $ 16 in one of the souvenir shops in George Town . # 6 San Juan , Puerto Rico It 's hard to escape history in Puerto Rico ; its capital , San Juan , dates back to the 16th century . The immense San Felipe del Morro fortress anchors Old San Juan and Ponce de Leon , the island 's first governor , is buried at the Cathedral of San Juan . If you venture off into the countryside , you 'll find beaches , rain forests and a bioluminescent bay where you can kayak . Secret : Puerto Rico 's cuisine is infused with unique Latin flavors that you 'd be hard-pressed to find elsewhere in the Caribbean . Why not spend a few hours learning how to duplicate the recipes at home ? Flavors of San Juan teaches you how to make either tapas or Puerto Rican food in two-hour group classes that include a full meal and a recipe book that you can bring home . SanJuanfoodtours.com , advanced reservations required , $ 98 per person for a 2-hour group class Budget Travel : 5 Caribbean Islands to discover now # 7 Grand Turk , Turks & Caicos Although technically in the Atlantic Ocean instead of the Caribbean , the island chain of Turks & Caicos has the glorious , talcum-powder-soft sand beaches and turquoise skies that make the region famous . While luxury vacationers flock to Providenciales and celebrities such as Bruce Willis , Christie Brinkley , and Keith Richards have homes on Parrot Cay , Grand Turk has become the country 's main cruising center , with a large terminal and new shops . Secret : If you love stamps  or love someone who does  , make a stop at the Philatelic Bureau , located on Church Folly street . The island is known for its colorful and unusual issues , which are prized by collectors . # 8 Juneau , Alaska An Inside Passage cruise appears on many bucket lists , and no wonder . The state 's scenery , particularly its magnificent glacier - and wildlife-viewing opportunities , are unparalleled . Surrounded by mountains and the sea , Juneau , the state 's capital , is accessible only by water or air . Nature is all around you : Look for bears fishing in the streams near Mendenhall Glacier , and eagles nesting on the slopes of Mount Roberts . Secret : Once you get out of downtown , cruise ship crowds disappear , or at least it feels that way ; Alaska 's vastness has a way of making people seem insignificant . With hiking trails and a stone labyrinth garden , the Shrine of St. Therese , on a peninsula about a 20-minute drive from Juneau  take a taxi  , is a reflective place to commune with nature . Visitors often spot seals , whales , and otters nearby . Budget Travel : 40 unbelievable underwater snapshots # 9 Roatan , Honduras The Bay Islands , which lie about an hour north of the Honduras mainland , have become a major attraction for cruise ships , which come for the area 's colorful fish and clear , warm waters . Roatan has become the center of commercial development for the islands , and you 'll find countless opportunities for snorkeling , diving , and interacting with marine life such as grouper , moray eels , turtles , and rays . Secret : Give your tastebuds a charge with a jam and jelly tasting at Marble Hill Farms on the East End of the island . Sample flavors include hibiscus jelly , mutton pepper jelly  made with chili cabro , this one has quite a kick  and island plum jelly made from fruit grown on the property . You 'll need to take a taxi to get to The Farm ; once you 're there , have spiny lobster for lunch at their restaurant , the Crow 's Nest . # 10 Princess Cays , Bahamas Eleuthera , one of the Out Islands is the other Bahamas port that made the top ten . Here , you can swim and sunbathe at private beaches and resorts without safety concerns  the U.S. State Department does warn about the possibility of muggings and other crime occurring on New Providence Island , where Nassau is located  . Secret : Located on the island of Eleuthera , the private beach resort owned by Princess gives you a glimpse of how laid back life on the Out Islands can be . Most people spend their time on Princess Cays either on the beach or in the water  head to the sand early to corner a lounge chair and bring your snorkel gear to get up close and personal with the colorful corals , fish , and sponges that blanket the ocean floor  . If you want to do some exploring , there 's a small local cemetery that contains the graves of some of the island 's early 1900 's residents . The cemetery is walking distance from the beach -- just make sure you wear bug spray and solid shoes for the mile-long trek . Budget Travel : To go or not to go : 11 places with a bad rap Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	St. Thomas is one of the world 's busiest cruise ports and a mecca for duty-free shopping St Maarten is the smallest island governed by two countries Surrounded by mountains and the sea , Juneau , is accessible only by water or air
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Park Sang Hak and his family jammed 150,000 sheets of paper , dollar bills , DVDs and tiny AM/FM radios inside bags attached to giant inflatable helium balloons . They launched them into the sky where they floated 200 km  124 miles  across the border to North Korea . The message : Kim Jong Il is lying to you . Renewed worldwide pressure on Pyongyang has given urgency to North Korean defectors living in Seoul who hope to reach North Koreans . The balloons are the weapons in breaking Kim Jong Il 's spell , say the Fighters for Free North Korea . The group , made up primarily of North Korean defectors , says if North Korea ca n't get any messages from the outside world , then outside world must deliver those messages in . How ? The giant helium balloons carrying the garbage bags of propaganda , which can fly 200 kilometers over the border , straight into the heart of Pyongyang . It 's the heart of Kim Jong Il 's regime that these defectors hope to strike , by destroying the illusion it has built for its citizens . "  My brothers are still living there , " said Kwon Young-Hee , who defected to Korea a decade ago . "  I will be happy if they can come after reading these messages . North Koreans know nothing about Kim Jong Il except for his power as general and chief of the country . We want them to know the truth . " In North Korea , all public discourse , from media to education , is controlled by the military regime . A little radio , says North Korean defector Park Sang-hak , is a big weapon . "  I 'm sending this off with the hope of reaching my people , who I left behind , " said Park , as he watched the balloons lift into the sky heading northward . "  If they get these , I hope they will be able to reflect on the true meaning of freedom . The two Koreas halted decades of propaganda warfare under a 2004 reconciliation deal . But ties have soured in the wake of the sinking of the South Korean warship , the Cheonan , last March . It 's reinvigorated the propaganda war among North Korean defectors in the south . Kim Seong-Min runs Free North Korea Radio , broadcasting from the third floor of a small office building in the outskirts of Seoul . He may be in South Korea , but the audience , he hopes , is North Korea 's citizens , listening from illegal radios . Kim , who fled North Korea a decade ago , says the Cheonan warship sinking should show the international community that negotiations with Pyongyang will never work , and it must try to reach the North Koreans directly . It worked for me , said Kim , who recalls how he heard a story on an illegal radio in North Korea . "  Listening to the stories , I thought maybe this is propaganda from the south , " he said . The important part , he said , is that he began to question the unquestionable military regime . Just the question led to him fleeing the North . "  I want to see it for myself , " he said , referring to the free world . While the propaganda war is heating up , people in Seoul say the prospect of an actual war feels remote . South Koreans , long used to the heated battle and rhetoric between the nations , are going about their normal lives . "  I do n't think war will take place , " said Park Kyung-hee , as she shopped with her son in a busy market in downtown Seoul . "  Although the Cheonan incident is serious , the country will be safe because we have strong ties with our allies . The north would never invade us . " American Mischa Moreau , who has lived in Seoul for three years , said she does n't feel any sense of danger . "  It does not feel like war . The feeling I get from the Korean people here , it 's very easygoing and they go on with their life and I do too . It 's very comforting . "	Bags packed with paper , dollar bills , tiny radios by North Korean defectors Propaganda bags are carried into North Korea by helium balloons Balloons intended to circumvent state control of information in North Korea
CNN  -- A 13-year-old student died of a self-inflicted gun shot wound Wednesday morning at a junior high school in Stillwater , Oklahoma , police said . Sherry Fletcher , a spokeswoman for the city of Stillwater , said no one else was injured in the shooting at Stillwater Junior High School . Students were moved to another location so parents could pick them up or buses could take them home , Fletcher said in a statement . Stillwater police Capt. Randy Dickerson told reporters that a school resource officer had heard the gun shot from an adjacent hallway and raised the alert . The officer found the 13-year-old boy with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head , he said . He was unable to confirm whether the student had been bullied , saying the investigation had just begun . The "  horribly tragic situation " was an isolated incident , Dickerson said . Stillwater school Superintendent Ann Caine said there was nothing in school computer records to indicate the teenager had been bullied . "  It is with a huge heart that I offer my condolences to this student 's family , " she said . The boy , who was an eighth-grader , had only been at the school for a short time , but staff that knew him said he had "  the biggest smile , " she said . The gun shot was heard shortly before 8 a.m. as students were getting ready to go to class , she said . Caine said the area had been evacuated as quickly as possible and parents alerted . Other students likely witnessed the shooting , which was in a hallway near lockers and classrooms , Dickerson said . Some schools in the area were under a temporary lockdown after the shooting . Stillwater is about 70 miles northeast of Oklahoma City .	The 13-year-old boy who died was an eighth-grader at Stillwater Junior High Police say the student died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound in a school hallway No one else is injured , a spokeswoman for Stillwater , Oklahoma , says Some schools were on a temporary lockdown
CNN  -- The mayor of San Diego 's goodbye concludes Friday at 5 p.m. , when his resignation -- submitted last week after a string of women accused him of sexual impropriety and boorish behavior -- becomes effective . A spokeswoman for Bob Filner did not immediately return a call , and the city website -- still showing his photograph -- did not outline what he planned to do on his final day at the helm of the country 's eighth-largest city , which has 1.38 million residents . But attorney Gloria Allred , who represents several of his 19 accusers , held a news conference with "  some of his victims . " "  San Diegans will finally be free of Bob Filner and all the shame that he has brought to the city , " Allred told reporters . "  This is a day for celebration and a day for congratulation . " The former nine-term Democratic congressman began what was to have been a four-year term last December , but resigned last week as the accusations grew . An apology and promise to seek help , delivered on July 11 , failed to save his job . "  I have diminished the office to which you elected me , " he said in a prepared statement . "  I have reached into my heart and soul and realized I must and will change my behavior . As someone who has spent a lifetime fighting for equality for all people , I am embarrassed to admit that I have failed to fully respect the women who work for me and with me , and that at times I have intimidated them . " He added , "  I am also humbled to admit that I need help . I have begun to work with professionals to make changes in my behavior and approach . " Opinion : No room for lecherous mayors But the City Council accepted his resignation on August 23 in a 7-0 vote , after which the 70-year-old mayor offered a "  deep apology . " "  The city should not have been put through this , " he said . "  And my own personal failures were responsible . " Still , he insisted , he had "  never sexually harassed anyone . " While he was "  trying to establish personal relationships , " the mayor said , "  the combination of awkwardness and hubris , I think , led to behavior that many found offensive . " He added : "  Not one allegation ... has ever been independently verified or proven in court . " "  But the hysteria that has been created ... is the hysteria of a lynch mob , " Filner said . Politicians and the news media had "  unleashed a monster , " and the resulting "  hysteria ended up playing into the hands of those who wanted a political coup -- the removal of a democratically elected mayor purely by rumor and innuendo . " City Council President Todd Gloria , a fellow Democrat who had called on Filner to resign , is to serve as interim mayor , and a special election is scheduled for November 19 . "  Obviously , the biggest deal is just to clean up City Hall , " said Katie Keach , the incoming interim mayor 's deputy chief of staff . He will also review all of the city 's departments "  to find out what 's working and what 's not and what might have been hidden over the last nine months , " she said . Gloria will work to "  restore some of the trust of San Diegans . " The city website , which displayed a smiling picture of Filner , "  will be switched around five today , " she said . "  I know that IT is on it . " The agreement does not affect a lawsuit brought against Filner by Irene McCormack Jackson , Filner 's former communications chief . Though she remains a municipal employee , Jackson left her job in July , when she sued the mayor , saying he had subjected women to "  crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching . She has been offered her old job back , Keach said . The city 's liability does not end with his departure . And Filner himself is hardly out of the woods . He faces one lawsuit , and a spokesman for the state attorney general said a criminal investigation is under way . Numerous public officials , including all nine City Council members and the state 's two U.S. senators , had urged Filner to step down . So , too , did most locals , according to polls . Some of them voiced that view to City Council members last week . Others rose to support Filner . Scott Andrews said that "  everything but due process has occurred , " while one woman called the political machinations "  a circus to get a good man out of office . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Bob Filner 's resignation becomes effective at 5 p.m.  8 p.m. ET In all , 19 women have accused Filner of impropriety Filner apologized but said he "  never sexually harassed anyone "
Nawaz Sharif , the prime minister whose government was overthrown by a military coup more than a decade ago , appears to be back on top in Pakistan , election officials have said , despite claims by other parties of vote rigging . According to unofficial results disclosed Sunday from the country 's violence-marred elections over the weekend , Sharif 's party , the Pakistan Muslim League Nawaz  PML-N  , looks to have won most of the seats in the National Assembly . One of the country 's leading industrialists and richest men , Sharif has been prime minister twice before and was overthrown in a coup when Gen. Pervez Musharraf seized power in 1999 . Sharif was subsequently jailed before going into exile in Saudi Arabia . He returned to Pakistan in 2007 . Read more : Nawaz Sharif , a veteran of Pakistan 's political tumult Support for the Pakistan Peoples Party  PPP  , which completed a five-year term in power in March , appeared to have fallen away at Saturday 's elections after it struggled to tackle the country 's myriad problems of extremist violence , chronic power shortages and an enfeebled economy . Imran Khan , the former cricket star whose party was participating in general elections for the first time , said voting was rigged . "  Unfortunately , it 's because the provincial governments were in power right up till 20 days before the elections , so they had plenty of time to place their people , " said Khan , suggesting that police and electoral officials were "  used . " He said his party was gathering evidence of the irregularities . Khan , who was injured in a dramatic fall at a campaign rally just days before voting began , was considered to be a wild card in the election . Analysts saw him and his Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf party  PTI  as popular with members of the urban middle class , who support his call to end drone strikes in the country 's restive tribal regions and his pledge to sweep away rampant corruption by ending foreign aid . Read more : From Pakistan 's tribal region to Parliament His party appeared to have secured enough votes to be a notable presence in parliament . And Khan said that despite the alleged voting irregularities , democracy had advanced in the elections . "  I 'm very optimistic that the foundation of what we call the new Pakistan has been laid , " he said . "  Pakistan will never be the same again . " PPP officials also complained of vote rigging in some constituencies in Sindh province and its capital , Karachi , during the elections Saturday , calling on the country 's Election Commission to hold a new vote in the affected areas . Other smaller parties threatened boycotts over the alleged irregularities . Protests , led by Khan 's supporters , took place in Karachi over the reported problems . The provincial government responded Monday by imposing a ban on gatherings of four or more people for rallies and protests , CNN affiliate Geo TV reported . Opinion : Pakistan vote the first step on a long road Sharif and the PML-N appeared to be the main beneficiaries of the elections . In his stronghold of Lahore , Sharif said he was confident his party would form the next government . He said that he hoped his party won enough seats to form a government on its own but that he is willing to work with others to solve the country 's problems . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh tweeted his congratulations to Sharif and the PML-N on their "  emphatic victory . " Sharif had suggested that if elected , he would seek to improve relations with New Delhi . India and Pakistan have fought three wars since their partition in 1947 . Frosty relations resulting from the 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks , for which India blamed a Pakistani-based group , have thawed in recent years . President Barack Obama expressed a willingness to work with the next government that is formed in Islamabad . "  The United States and Pakistan have a long history of working together on mutual interests , " Obama said in a statement . "  And my administration looks forward to continuing our cooperation with the Pakistani government that emerges from this election as equal partners in supporting a more stable , secure , and prosperous future for the people of Pakistan . " During campaigning , Sharif seemed to take a vague stance on issues of interest to the United States , like the fight against terrorism . Read more : Key moments of Pakistan 's turbulent past But analysts said they saw that as a political move to secure support from his conservative Islamic base . They noted that Sharif had worked well with U.S. officials during his previous two terms as prime minister during the 1990s . Afghan President Hamid Karzai called Sharif on Sunday to congratulate him , the Afghan government said . Violent extremism remains a significant problem in Pakistan , as underlined by frequent deadly attacks by groups like the Pakistani Taliban on people campaigning for the elections . Attacks over the weekend targeted polling stations . Karachi , the country 's biggest city , and Balochistan , a restive province that borders Iran and Afghanistan , appeared to suffer the worst of the violence Saturday and Sunday . But the attacks failed to deter Pakistanis keen to have their say . Voter turnout was nearly 60 % , the election officials said Sunday . Many people were voting for the first time . The Election Commission secretary , Ishtiak Ahmed Khan , said the election was free and fair across much of the country , despite the problems in Karachi . His view received qualified support from election observers from the European Union who reported that at the polling stations they visited , "  polling was generally rated as satisfactory or good . " The E.U. observers said in a statement Monday that a higher rate of problems was seen in Sindh , the province where the PPP and PTI had complained of irregularities . In Karachi , the observers said they "  undertook limited observation , during which they saw some serious problems in polling and were also restricted in their activities . " They said they identified some problems in the counting of votes across the country , with 9 out of 59 stations rated as "  poor or inadequate . " The national election marks the first transition between civilian governments in the nation 's 66-year history . In March , the democratically elected PPP government finished serving a full five-year term . Pakistan has experienced three military coups and been ruled by generals for about half its history .	Sindh province clamps down on rallies after protests over vote rigging E.U. election observers say polling was generally "  satisfactory or good " Former prime minister 's party appears to have won most National Assembly seats Attacks on polling stations caused death and injury across the country
Video of a tourist plunging into the Zambezi River after her bungee cord snapped on New Year 's Eve is enough to make anyone think twice before leaping from the Victoria Falls Bridge . But anyone planning a visit to Victoria Falls will be relieved to know it 's not just about bungee jumping . Often listed as one of the seven natural wonders of the world , the falls and their surrounding gorges are a truly awe-inspiring sight . They were named after the British Queen in 1855 by Scottish explorer David Livingstone , but their local name of "  Mosi-oa-Tunya " -- meaning "  the smoke that thunders " -- is far more descriptive . The roar of the Zambezi tumbling from the falls is indeed thunderous , and the thick spray that swirls like smoke around the cascade can be seen for miles . The falls straddle the border between Zambia and Zimbabwe , in the heart of two national parks -- the Mosi-oa-Tunya park on the Zambian side and the Victoria Falls park in Zimbabwe , which collectively form a UNESCO World Heritage Site . At 1.7 kilometers wide and up to 100 meters high they are not be the tallest or widest falls in the world , but many consider them to be the most spectacular . Discovering the real Zambia Some connoisseurs argue they are best see seen from the Zimbabwean side , others say from Zambia , but in truth if you visit at the right time both sides offer a mind-blowing view . When to go To see them at their most impressive you should visit when the Zambezi is in full flow , usually in February or March . At this time , they form the largest curtain of falling water in the world , with more than 500 million liters of water spilling over the falls each minute . Visit in November and you 'll see the falls at their most tame , with barely a 50th of that amount flowing through . What to do Even if you do n't fancy a bungee jump , there 's plenty to give adrenaline junkies their fix . The falls churn up torrents of raging white water , and where there 's white water , there 's white water rafting . Among the many outfits offering rafting thrills the Zambezi Safari and Travel Company is one of the best , offering one-day experiences from $ 135 . A more sedate aquatic experience can be had in a canoe or , for those who prefer not to rely on muscle power , on a river cruise along the Zambezi . For the more culturally inclined , the town of Livingstone , some 10 kilometers from the falls , is the place to go . The colonial capital of Zambia  then Northern Rhodesia  until 1935 , it 's home to the Livingstone Museum , dedicated to the 19th-century explorer . It preserves a variety of Livingstone memorabilia , including his letters and medicine box , and has an exhibit on Zambian history . How Mozambique turned from war zone to tourist hotspot Best Views A truly vertigo-inducing experience can be had standing in the spray on "  Knife Edge " bridge and daring yourself to look down at the seething waters below . But you can trump that by taking at dip in "  Devil 's Pool , " a natural rock pool high above the Zambezi , where you can swim to the very edge of the falls and peer over . The most dramatic views of the falls and the gorges can be had by hovering directly above them in a helicopter or microlight . For a short nostalgia trip , why not take a steam train ride across the historic Victoria Falls Bridge . Congo 's erupting volcano boosts tourism Wildlife Around the falls a fragile forest ecosystem thrives on the high humidity created by the spray from the falls . Both national parks offer great opportunities for wildlife watching . Elephants , zebras , giraffes and hippos can all be found in the area , as can leopards , baboons and buffalo . You can take a safari on the back of an elephant , or alternatively , a number of tour groups offer lion encounters that let tourists walk with captive-bred lions . There are also birding safaris that offer glimpses black eagles , peregrine falcons and taita falcons soaring among the gorges . Where to stay There is a wide range of accommodation in the area , from the cheap and cheerful to the expensive and extravagant . In Livingstone , hostel Fawlty Towers , named after a British sitcom , has a large garden shaded by sprawling mango trees . It offers camping facilities , private rooms and dorm beds that start at $ 10 . Facilities include a swimming pool , lively bar and wi-fi . At the other end of the spectrum the Royal Livingstone provides five-star luxury right on the banks of the Zambezi . Consisting of 17 colonial-style buildings , it 's within walking distance from the falls themselves . Rooms start from $ 700 . A little further away , and priced somewhere between the two , the boutique Stanley and Livingstone has suites from $ 245 per person , and is situated on a private reserve bordering the Zambezi National Park in Zimbabwe .	Victoria Falls is n't just about bungee jumping -- it offers rafting , wildlife and river trips The falls stretch 1.7 kilometers , on the border of Zambia and Zimbabwe February and March is when the falls are at their most spectacular Elephants , zebras , giraffes and hippos all live in the surrounding parks
CNN  -- A Cairo court Saturday adjourned the retrial of former President Hosni Mubarak over charges of involvement in the killing of protesters during the country 's 2011 revolution . A judge postponed the retrial to August 25th . Mubarak faces charges connected to the killing of protesters during the revolution . He was forced from office in February 2011 following two weeks of mass street protests . His trial , which was adjourned last month , continued despite the latest upheaval in the country he ruled for 30 years . Protesters calling for a reinstatement of his successor as president , Mohamed Morsy , have battled with security forces for days , leaving hundreds dead . Following a lengthy trial , Mubarak and his former interior minister , Habib al-Adly , were found guilty and sentenced to life in prison last year on charges that they were complicit in the protesters ' killings . After appealing their convictions , they were granted a new trial early this year . Six of Mubarak 's former security aides last year were acquitted of charges related to the killings , and Mubarak 's two sons -- Gamal and Alaa -- were acquitted of corruption charges . But they , too , were ordered to be retried after Morsy , himself ousted last month , ordered a new investigation last year . Mubarak and the other defendants have pleaded not guilty to all charges . The former president made his first court appearance in May . Mubarak has been held since his guilty verdict last year . After months spent in a military hospital , a public prosecutor sent him back to prison in April . Mubarak 's health has been a bone of contention during his trial and incarceration . He suffered a heart attack after relinquishing power and had maintained that he was physically unfit to stand trial . He is also charged with seizing public funds and misusing political influence . In addition , he faces a corruption charge that was not part of the original trial . Mubarak is accused of selling natural gas to neighboring Israel for prices below fair market value . The ousted autocratic leader spent three decades in charge of Egypt , the most populous Arab country . Journalist Adam Makary contributed to this report .	The retrial of former President Hosni Mubarak was adjourned again last month Mubarak was forced from office in February 2011 following two weeks of mass street protests He was convicted last year , but was granted a retrial after appealing his conviction
CNN  -- The year 1990 was not so great for me . Let 's see : John Degl beat me up . Teresa McClure rejected my invitation to the senior prom . Michele Sheehan rejected my invitation to the senior prom . I lost my fifth-straight student council election . Andrew Honohan doused me with chocolate milk . I was given detention for cutting school . My dream college , Penn State , accepted me -- to its Altoona campus . A mole the size of Lake Placid sprouted beneath my nose . From September 1989 through June 1990 -- the span of my senior year at Mahopac High School in Putnam County , New York , -- I never kissed a girl or even held a girl 's hand . I never drank a beer , a shot or even a raspberry wine cooler .  Stop laughing -- they were big back then .  I was invited to two parties -- both thrown by my mother . My pants were too short , my haircut was in the shape of a cereal bowl , I ruined the car  a sweet 1980 Datsun 510 that I accidentally drove through a lake  and Alf was canceled after five seasons on NBC . So why , last Saturday , did I attend my 20-year high school reunion ? Easy -- because life is short . And boring and dry . And if we do n't occasionally force ourselves to face the most uncomfortable of situations , we shrivel up and die in front of the television , a half-eaten bag of stale Fritos in one hand , the remote control in the other . Hence , I entered a ballroom at the Renaissance Hotel in White Plains , New York , took a deep breath and confronted the nightmare that was my youth . I stared down the cheerleaders , the bullies , the jocks , the brainiacs . I looked them over , one by one ; thought about all I had gone through ; all the anger and resentment that had built up deep inside my guts , and I ... and I ... and I ... Had one of the best nights of my life . Really , I did . If you have a reunion coming up , Go ! Without hesitation . Never again will you have a better chance to cleanse yourself , to make peace with the past . Without making an official proclamation , the reunion served as my farewell to any and all longstanding bitterness . I left grudges at the door , and sought out the goodness in those whose formative years had paralleled mine . I danced with Lori Raffa , the girl from the smoking section  seriously , we had one  . I chilled with ToniAnn Guadagnoli , the popular cheerleader  and our class celebrity . She 's the author of "  Chitter Chatter , " my daughter 's favorite book  . I shook hands with Ray Mahoskey , the star running back , and chatted up Pete Lorenzini , the shotputter who was voted track captain over me . For the first time , we were all equals -- all nervous , slightly insecure 30-somethings commiserating over Rodak 's Deli and Carmello 's Barbershop and those disgusting slabs of pizza that passed as school lunch . But in particular , I paid close attention to the plight of Frank Zaccheo . Back in the day , Frank was one of the most dynamic athletes we had . A staple of the traditional Sunday morning flag football games , Frank ran like the Flash , charged a quarterback like a bull and threw deep bombs with uncanny precision . Twelve years ago , while playing in one of those games , Frank began to inexplicably trip . He went to see a doctor , who diagnosed him with Multiple Sclerosis . The ensuing years have been arduous . Now permanently in a wheelchair , Frank suffers through unspeakable pain and exasperation . Yet when he heard of the reunion , something in Frank -- like something in myself -- stirred . Just as this was my chance to eradicate the suffocating bitterness from my youth , here was Frank 's opportunity to travel back in time , to relish four hours not as the wheelchair-bound MS sufferer , but as Frankie Z. , the cocksure Italian teenager from long ago . To watch Frank roll into the room ; to watch the hugs and the high-fives and the long embraces he received from our classmates -- well , it was as powerful a sight as I 've ever witnessed . My memories of Mahopac High School have n't changed . I 'll always be the geek who could n't kiss a girl or win an election . But , for the first time in 20 years , I want to go back . Again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman says he dreaded revisiting the traumas of youth at his high school reunion He forced himself to go  says you should too  , and had one of the best nights of his life He hung out with cheer leader , chatted up the sports star , found all had become equals Pearlman : MS-stricken friend at reunion was powerful thing to witness
CNN  -- A lightning strike from a fast-moving storm in Colorado injured 12 soldiers on Wednesday . One is in critical condition , and the other 11 are in stable condition , Fort Carson said in a statement . The soldiers had been training Wednesday afternoon when they were notified of lightning in the area . They were moving to shelter when the storm overcame them , officials said . "  The lightning struck before they were able to get sheltered , " said Dani Johnson , a Fort Carson spokeswoman . In electrical storms , few safe places	One soldier is in critical condition , Fort Carson says 12 soldiers are injured after a lightning strike from a fast-moving storm Spokeswoman : "  The lightning struck before they were able to get sheltered "
CNN  -- Dubai , long champion of all things biggest , longest and most expensive , will soon have some competition from neighboring Saudi Arabia . Dubai 's iconic Burj Khalifa , the world 's tallest building , could be stripped of its Guinness title if Saudi Arabia succeeds in its plans to construct the even larger Kingdom Tower in Jeddah -- a prospect looking more likely as work begins next week , according to Construction Weekly . Consultants Advanced Construction Technology Services have recently announced testing materials to build the 3,280-feet  1 kilometer  skyscraper  the Burj Khalifa , by comparison , stands at a meeker 2,716 feet , or 827 meters  . The Kingdom Tower , estimated to cost $ 1.23 billion , would have 200 floors and overlook the Red Sea . Building it will require about 5.7 million square feet of concrete and 80,000 tons of steel , according to the Saudi Gazette . Building a structure that tall , particularly on the coast , where saltwater could potentially damage it , is no easy feat . The foundations , which will be 200 feet  60 meters  deep , need to be able to withstand the saltwater of the nearby ocean . As a result , Advanced Construction Technology Services will test the strength of different concretes . Wind load is another issue for buildings of this magnitude . To counter this challenge , the tower will change shape regularly . "  Because it changes shape every few floors , the wind loads go round the building and wo n't be as extreme as on a really solid block , " Gordon Gill explained to Construction Weekly . Gill is a partner at Adrian Smith + Gordon Gill Architecture , the design architects for the project . Delivering the concrete to higher floors will also be a challenge . Possibly , engineers could use similar methods to those employed when building the Burj Khalifa ; 6 million cubic feet of concrete was pushed through a single pump , usually at night when temperatures were low enough to ensure that it would set . Though ambitious , building the Kingdom Tower should be feasible , according to Sang Dae Kim , the director of the Council on Tall Buildings . "  At this point in time we can build a tower that is one kilometer , maybe two kilometers . Any higher than that and we will have to do a lot of homework , " he told Construction Weekly . First dinosaur bones in Saudi discovered Inside the world 's largest mall When the elevators do n't work in the world 's tallest building	Saudi Arabia is set to start on Kingdom Tower , slated to be the world 's tallest building The Kingdom Tower will reach 3,280 feet , have 200 floors and cost $ 1.2 billion It would require 5.7 million square feet of concrete and 80,000 tons of steel The foundations would be 200 feet  60 meters  deep
London  CNN  -- When Hosni Mubarak 's decades-long rule came to an end in February , Cairo 's Tahrir Square was a scene of jubilation , as hundreds of thousands of people celebrated the fall of a man many had feared for years . Today the square is once again a focal point for unrest and anger at the Egyptian regime , and the site of a bloody crackdown on demonstrations . So what has happened to change the mood of the country so dramatically ? Why are Egyptians no longer satisfied with the revolution they helped bring about ? How was Hosni Mubarak ousted ? After more than 30 years in power , Hosni Mubarak was forced to step down as president on February 11 , 2011 following weeks of rioting and unrest across the country . What had begun as a protest over unemployment , poverty and repression became a widespread popular uprising , with hundreds of thousands of people staging mass demonstrations in Cairo , Alexandria , Suez and elsewhere . After resigning and handing control of the country to the military , Mubarak retreated to the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh , where he was subsequently detained by the authorities Who is running the country now ? In the wake of Mubarak 's departure , Egypt 's military dissolved the country 's parliament and suspended the constitution In its place , a council of generals -- the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  SCAF  -- led by former defense minister Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , took charge . They promised new elections for the country 's houses of parliament and for the presidency . Following the resignation of Prime Minister Ahmed Shafik in March , Essam Sharaf was named as his replacement at the head of a new caretaker cabinet charged with paving the way for a new civilian government . But for many , the pace of reform in the months since revolution has been too slow . "  The situation has become increasingly tense , " said Dr Maha Azzam , Egypt expert and associate fellow at London-based international affairs think-tank Chatham House . "  There is a growing perception that the military , the Supreme Council , was the backbone of the previous regime , and that it is , in effect , a continuation of that regime . " What about the cabinet ? Prime Minister Essam Sharaf and members of the Cabinet handed in their resignations on Monday night in response to the military 's crackdown on demonstrators . "  We have met the demands of the people and submitted our resignations , " Sharaf said , according to Egypt 's Nile TV , before urging the protesters to remain calm and return home . "  Now please put the interests of the country first . " "  I resigned because of the events in Tahrir -LSB- Square -RSB- , because of the political responsibility , " Culture Minister Imad Edin Abu Ghazi told CNN Arabic . On Tuesday , Tantawi announced that the mass resignation had been accepted , and that another caretaker government would be put in place ahead of the upcoming elections . Why has trouble flared now ? More than nine months on from Mubarak 's overthrow , many of the things the country 's revolutionaries fought against remain : The country is , in effect , a dictatorship , elections have yet to take place , and protesters fear the military will not give up its hold on power easily . "  There has been a build-up of grievances , because of the heavy-handedness of the military regime in dealing with the protesters , " said Azzam . "  The hope was that with the Mubarak regime gone there would be freedom of assembly , freedom of speech , that the emergency laws would be repealed and that there would be no more human rights abuses . "  But in the last few months we have seen 12,000 people subjected to military trials , protesters have been subject to crackdowns , workers have been denied the right to hold sit-ins . " Many are also angry at proposed changes to the country 's constitution , which would protect the military 's budget from scrutiny . Azzam says the Supreme Council "  may have gone too far " with its plans for constitutional change , which she says aim to protect it from accountability , and maintain the "  opaqueness " surrounding its dealings . Does Mubarak still have influence ? Hosni Mubarak is currently on trial for corruption and the deaths of more than 800 people killed during the protests in January , and his influence on the country has waned as a result . But high on the list of protesters ' concerns is the fact that many members of the Supreme Council were close allies of the former president : The head of the SCAF , Hussein Tantawi , served as Mubarak 's defense minister . "  What we 're seeing is a standoff between the population and the opposition , and the military , " said Azzam . "  The protesters are calling for Tantawi to step down ; there is a feeling that if Egypt is to move towards a civilian government , it has to rid itself of the remnants of the old regime . " What is the international community 's view ? Egypt has long been a vital link between the Arab world and the West , and international leaders -- many of them longtime allies of Hosni Mubarak -- hesitated to back calls for him to step down . However , most were quick to voice their support for the protesters ' rights to demonstrate freely and peacefully , and urged restraint on the part of authorities when dealing with the demonstrations . Nine months on , Azzam said such calls for calm needed to be reiterated . "  The international community , particularly the United States , needs to call for restraint , to urge the Supreme Council to control the security forces in their dealings with protesters , to ensure their safety , " she said . What happens next ? Parliamentary elections are due to take place next Monday , November 28 , however it remains unclear if they will be postponed , given the unrest in recent days . "  Unless we see an increase in violence in the coming days , I think the elections will go ahead , " said Azzam . "  But if there is an increase in violence , if the situation deteriorates into riots , it will be very difficult for them to take place . "  So many protesters have already died , there is a fear that if the trouble spreads then the situation will not be conducive to holding elections , and we may see a postponement . " On Tuesday , Tantawi insisted the vote would go ahead as planned , pledging his "  commitment that the parliamentary elections will be held on time . " However , presidential elections are still months away -- Tantawi says they will be held by June 2012 -- and protesters are concerned that the military will remain de facto rulers until a new president is named . Until then , Azzam says , Egypt 's is "  an unfinished revolution . "	Nine months after the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak , Egypt is once again the scene of protests Activists are calling for an end to the military 's hold on power Demonstrations in Cairo 's Tahrir Square have been met with violence ; at least 27 people killed , hundreds wounded
CNN  -- He 's known as "  The Little Master " and now Sachin Tendulkar can lay claim to being the only man in cricket history to reach 100 international centuries . The Indian batsman , who is the highest Test run scorer of all time , achieved the unprecedented feat during a one-day international against Bangladesh on Friday -- having been stuck on 99 hundreds for 33 innings . Tendulkar , who is revered in his home country and regarded as one of the finest batsmen ever to play the sport , looked to the heavens and kissed the Indian badge as he reached the landmark figure . His 100th century was his 49th in one-day matches , to add to his 51 Test hundreds . It was also his first one-day century against minnows Bangladesh . He was eventually dismissed for 114 . Writing on The Wall : Indian legend Rahul Dravid retires "  I was not thinking about the milestone . It has n't sunk in , " Tendulkar told the host broadcaster after his historic knock . "  A year ago when I got my 99th hundred the media began talking about it . Everybody began asking me about that . It began  to get a  little difficult . I was not playing for my 100th hundred . "  I have lost about 50 kilos . Enjoy the game and chase your dreams . I had to wait for 22 years for one dream , the World Cup . " Despite Tendulkar 's heroics , Bangladesh eventually scored an upset victory in the Asia Cup match by five wickets . Chasing India 's 289 for five wickets , openers Tamim Iqbal and Jahurul Islam put on 113 for the second wicket . Man-of-the-match Shakib Al-Hasan  49  and Nasir Hossain  54  kept the scoring rate high , but Bangladesh still needed 46 runs off the last five overs . Skipper Mushfiqur Rahim saw them home with 46 not out off 25 balls , including three sixes . It took only a little gloss off the earlier milestone for 39-year-old Tendulkar , who is India 's most high-profile sporting icon in a country where cricket is a religion . His century provoked an outpouring of joy on home soil after a long wait . Legendary Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan took to Twitter to say : "  India breathes normally ! Sachin completes an incredible feat ! A hundred 100 's . Never done before , perhaps never after ! " Tendulkar made his debut for India in a Test match against Pakistan back in 1989 when he was just 16 and , despite being hit in the mouth by a ball from fast bowler Waqar Younis , he batted on in a blood-soaked shirt . His first hundred in international cricket came as a 17-year-old in a match against England and by the time he turned 25 he already had compiled 16 centuries . Tendulkar became the first man to reach 50 centuries in 2000 and surpassed West Indian batsman Brian Lara 's record for the highest number of Test runs in 2008 . His current total of 33,854 runs in international cricket has cemented his status as a pioneer of the modern game and his enthusiasm for the game still burns bright as he prepares to turn 39 in April . India 's prime minister , Manmohan Singh , paid tribute to Tendulkar in a statement . "  I join the nation in congratulating Sachin Tendulkar on his making history -- a hundred centuries . He has made India proud . "  Tendulkar 's long career has been a triumph of class , character and courage . I wish him many more innings and feats to continue inspiring the youth . " Tendulkar recorded his 99th international hundred over a year ago as part of India 's successful World Cup campaign on home soil . But since then he has failed to bring up three figures on India 's tours of England and Australia as well as the home series against the West Indies -- twice being dismissed in the 90s . The closest player to Tendulkar in terms of hundreds is former Australia captain Ricky Ponting , who has 71 centuries . South Africa 's Jacques Kallis is third on the all-time list with 59 .	Indian batsman Sachin Tendulkar makes his 100th international century Tendulkar , known as "  The Little Master " reaches landmark against Bangladesh He is the highest Test run scorer of all time and has 51 Test hundreds Bangladesh won the match by five wickets as they chased 290 for victory
CNN  Lionel Messi has set the stage for a potentially season-defining week for Barcelona , scoring both goals as his team went four points clear at the top of the Spanish league on Saturday . The 2-0 win at tiny Eibar , a side playing in La Liga for the first time and which has now lost eight games in a row , may not seem like an unexpected achievement . But , with a European Champions League last-16 decider at home to Manchester City on Wednesday and then the "  El Clasico " crunch clash with bitter rival Real Madrid next Sunday , every win is vital at this stage of the campaign . "  We 're going into the Clasico as leaders and in perfect form , " Barca coach Luis Enrique said . "  But first we have to focus on City because qualification is at stake . Then we 'll see what happens at the weekend . " Messi has now scored 43 goals this season , first netting a 31st-minute penalty after Borja Ekiza unluckily handled the Argentine 's blocked shot and then bulleting in a header from Ivan Rakitic 's corner 10 minutes after the restart . "  Eibar did n't look like a team that has just lost seven in a row , " said Enrique , who welcomed back Brazil star Neymar from suspension to resume his role up front with Messi and Luis Suarez . "  They played good football and they fully deserved their great start to the season . I do n't think they 'll have any trouble avoiding relegation . " The result puts even more pressure on second-placed Real Madrid to win Sunday 's home clash with Levante . The European champion 's coach Carlo Ancelotti has been criticized after a poor run of results since the turn of the year , while world-record signing Gareth Bale has particularly been vilified by national sports paper Marca following Tuesday 's home defeat by Schalke . Real can take some small consolation in the fact that city rival Atletico Madrid could only draw 0-0 at Espanyol , meaning the defending champion stayed fourth in the table following Valencia 's 2-0 win over Deportivo La Coruna on Friday . Atletico defender Miranda was sent off in time added on at the end of the first half for a foul on Abraham . Diego Simeone 's side hosts German club Bayer Leverkusen on Tuesday as it seeks to overturn a 1-0 deficit and seek to match last season 's achievement of reaching the Champions League final . Barca , also looking to join Real in the quarterfinals , faces a City side reeling after Saturday 's 1-0 defeat by relegation-threatened Burnley . It left Manuel Pellegrini 's team five points behind English Premier League leader Chelsea , which has two games in hand ahead of Sunday 's home clash with Southampton . "  We must continue to fight but the chances of winning the title are far as things stand , " said Pellegrini , whose team must overcome a 2-1 deficit at the Nou Camp next week . "  There is still a chance , but it is more difficult after this result . We needed to create more chances than we did and find more space in and around their defense . " The Chilean refused to blame the referee for not awarding what appeared to be a clear penalty for City in the dying minutes , when Pablo Zabaleta was brought down in the box . "  Was it a penalty ? Maybe , but the referee decides these moments and I do n't think that was the most important thing in this game , " he said . "  The issue for us at present is that we are not winning the games that we normally do , especially against teams we are expected to beat , and that is because we are not scoring goals . " City , seeking to retain its EPL title , is only one point ahead of third-placed Arsenal after Arsene Wenger 's team won 3-0 at home to West Ham on Saturday . The London side has now won four games in all competitions since suffering a shock 3-1 home defeat by Wenger 's former club Monaco in the first leg of their last-16 Champions League tie last month . "  We have to believe that we can do it , " the Frenchman said of Tuesday 's trip to the principality . "  This time Monaco are favorites so we have to go there , give absolutely everything and come out of the game with that feeling . " Monaco moved up to fourth in the French league on Friday , beating nine-man Bastia 3-0 as Anthony Martial scored twice and Lavyin Kurzawa missed a penalty . Italian club Juventus , another side in Champions League action next week , went 14 points clear in Serie A with a 1-0 win at mid-table Palermo on Saturday . Spanish substitute Alvaro Morata ended Palermo 's six-month unbeaten home run with a curling winner to maintain the Turin team 's momentum ahead of Wednesday 's trip to Borussia Dortmund . The German side , which trails 2-1 after the first leg thanks to goals from Morata and Carlos Tevez , drew 0-0 at home to Cologne Saturday to remain in mid-table after a second successive scoreless draw in the Bundesliga . Defending champion Bayern Munich moved 14 points clear at the top with a 4-0 win at Werder Bremen , as Poland striker Robert Lewandowski scored twice to add to his goal from the midweek Champions League thrashing of Shakhtar Donetsk . Thomas Muller , who netted twice in the 7-0 routing of the Ukrainian side , opened the scoring while David Alaba bagged the second goal . Third-placed Leverkusen , meanwhile , triumphed 4-0 over Stuttgart on Friday , with Josip Drmic scoring two . Wolfsburg , eight points ahead of Leverkusen , hosts second-bottom Freiburg on Sunday . Like us on Facebook	Barcelona extends lead over Real Madrid in Spanish league Champions League opponent Manchester City suffers shock defeat
CNN  -- The man known for one of the most partisan practices in American politics had once quit government for a time because of partisanship . Elbridge Gerry was once an accomplished statesman devoted to his country , but nearly 200 years after his death , his legacy is overshadowed by the tactic that bears his name . It 's called "  gerrymandering , " and it means redrawing congressional districts , often in odd shapes , for the sake of political gain . The term was coined after Gerry , as the Massachusetts governor , approved an obscure redistricting plan ahead of the 1812 elections that helped Republicans hold on to power in the legislature . The plan lumped many of the Federalists into one district , while giving his party , the Democrat-Republicans , the advantage in other districts . The Federal press ran a political cartoon calling attention to the salamander-like shape of one of the districts , and thus "  gerrymander " was born into the political lexicon , according to his bio from the Senate Historical Office . Gerry 's partisan tendencies did n't sit well with his state , and he lost his 1812 re-election bid . While Gerry is best remembered for being the namesake behind the redistricting tactic , there were high points in his political career . Gerry , whose name is pronounced with a hard "  g " unlike the term derived from it , was born in Marblehead , Massachusetts , in 1744 . He attended Harvard College and graduated with the class of ' 62 . He returned to Marblehead after graduation and by 1770 , he was becoming more active in the anti-British movement , according to his Senate bio . In 1772 , Gerry was elected to the legislature and later served in the Provincial Congress . He was later elected to the first and second Continental Congress , meetings with delegates from the 13 existing colonies . He was a signatory on the Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation . Related : Lines drawn over census results Gerry argued in support of the "  Great Compromise " at the 1787 Constitutional Convention , according to his Senate bio . The Great Compromise yielded the current bicameral legislature with a House of Representatives and Senate . As the Constitution evolved , however , Gerry feared it would give too much power to what would be the Congress , so he refused to sign it . He viewed it more favorably after the Bill of Rights was added . In the years that followed , Gerry served in the first and second Congresses as a representative but became disenchanted with the partisan debates and retired after his second term , his Senate bio says . John Adams later appointed him as an envoy to France , and although Gerry believed he helped to avoid war , he was sharply criticized for his work . Emerging as Massachusetts ' Republican leader , Gerry served as governor twice and was defeated in his bid for a third term , clearing the way for his move to higher office . With the backing of the Republican caucus , President James Madison chose 67-year-old Gerry , a staunch supporter of the War of 1812 , to be his running mate . The pair were elected , but Gerry died 20 months after becoming the nation 's fifth vice president . Gerry was buried in the Congressional Cemetery . His epitaph displays one of his most well-known quotes : "  It is the duty of every man , though he may have but one day to live , to devote that day to the good of his country . "	"  Gerrymandering " derived from Elbridge Gerry , former VP and Massachusetts governor The term refers to redrawing legislative districts for political gain Gerry signed Declaration of Independence , Articles of Confederation ; was Madison 's VP
CNN  -- In space , astronauts go for years without a fresh supply of water . Floating in a capsule in outer space they wash and drink from the same continuously recycled source . So why , asked Swedish industrial designer Mehrdad Mahdjoubi , do we not do the same on Earth ? This was the concept behind the OrbSys Shower -- a high-tech purification system that recycles water while you wash . In the eyes of Mahdjoubi , we should start doing it now , before it becomes a necessity . So how does it work ? Similar to space showers , it works on a "  closed loop system : " hot water falls from the tap to the drain and is instantly purified to drinking water standard and then pumped back out of the showerhead . As the process is quick , the water remains hot and only needs to be reheated very slightly . As a result , it saves more than 90 % in water usage and 80 % in energy every time you shower , while also producing water that is cleaner than your average tap . "  With my shower , which is constantly recycling water , you 'd only use about five liters of water for a 10 minute shower ... In a regular shower you would use 150 liters of water -- 30 times as much . It 's a lot of savings , " explains Mahdjoubi . According to research carried out by his company , Orbital Systems , these savings translate to at least    1000  $ 1351  off your energy bills each year . Mahdjoubi proposed the OrbSys shower while studying Industrial Design at the University of Lund in Sweden . His concept formed part of a collaborative project with NASA 's Johnson Space Center , which looks to drive design concepts that could potentially assist space expeditions . "  In an extreme environment such as a space mission to Mars , design concepts are brought forward to use all of the possible resources to make it there and back . I do n't see any reason why we ca n't be as efficient on Earth as we can be in space , " he says . According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  EPA  , 1.2 trillion gallons of water are used every year for showering in the United States alone . And yet , rather disturbingly , across the world more than three times the population of the States lacks access to any clean water at all . The concept of a water-saving shower is by no means a new one , but when CNN 's Blueprint team caught up with Mahdjoubi at his offices in Malmo , southern Sweden , he explained that because it does n't compromise on comfort , it 's different to the rest . It has a higher than average water pressure and a very stable flow because , unlike conventional showers , it works independently from other appliances . This year , his showers were installed for the first time in Ribersborgs Kallbadhus , a coastal bathing house in Sweden . During the summer months more than 1000 bathers come and swim waters rich with plankton , algae and seaweed , before showering off . "  It 's not just an exotic environment for application but it 's an extreme field test because the showers are on pretty much constantly , for about 10 hours per day ... and the feedback has been good . " At the bathing house , CNN introduced Mahdjoubi to Danish industrial designer Nille Juul - S  rensen , who recently designed Malmo 's Triangeln train station . Juul - S  rensen was keen to talk about the wider potential of Mahdjoubi 's design : "  My interest is not in the objects but in the system . There will be so many applications for this . " If deployed on a bigger scale , the purification technology developed for OrbSys could be used in taps and drinking fountains in the world 's developing countries , where water-related illness is rife . "  Everybody should save as many resources as possible , " says Mahdjoubi , "  but obviously these showers would be even more beneficial for people living in areas with water shortages . "  I want to get it to as many people as possible . That 's the next step . It 's not just about saving water . The motivation is to be smart about how we use our planet 's resources . "	Swedish designer Mehrdad Mahdjoubi has developed a shower that recycles water OrbSys Shower saves more than 90 % water and 80 % energy while you wash It could save users over $ 1000 a year and help people living in areas with a shortage of water
EW.com  -- Our wait for details on the Magic Mike sequel set to hit theaters in July 2015 is over , ladies and  gay  gentlemen . Thanks to GQ 's July 2014 cover story on Channing Tatum  read it here in its entirety  we now know the plot will revolve around our favorite male exotic dancers going to a strippers ' convention . According to GQ , that 's the first memory of his stripper days Tatum shared with his producing partner Reid Carolin when pitching the first film : "  I want to do the story of when I 'm in a dark U-Haul with a bunch of these guys and we 're doing drugs driving up to the stripper convention . " Magic Mike director Steven Soderbergh told them the idea was n't a scene in the movie -- it was a movie in itself . So the sequel will now be inspired by two conventions Tatum attended when he was 19 . "  The women would come from miles and miles around , " Tatum says , recalling one audience numbering 3,000 . "  Then you lock the doors and you say all bets are off . It gets zany and crazy , and it 's a wild ride . It 's an incubator for insanity . It does n't matter almost what you do onstage . I do n't want to put anything in black and white on a page , but if you 've been to one , you know how crazy it gets , and now pour kerosene on that . You 've seen ` Magic Mike ' -- now multiply that . Mob mentality . It 's just exponentially crazier . I thought it was absolutely insane . " The article also reveals that while Soderbergh 's producing partner Greg Jacobs will direct the "  on-the-road adventure , " the retired director will still be the director of photography and camera operator , as well as the film editor . "  I want to be a part of it . I want to be in the band , but I just do n't want to be the frontman this time , " Soderbergh says . EW : ` Magic Mike XXL ' set to take it off in theaters July 2015 First thought : Imagine 3,000 extras . They should encourage women to bring their own singles and whatever money the cast earns goes to a charity of Tatum 's choice . Second thought : This plot seems to remedy the three tiny complaints about the first film -- that we did n't get to know the other strippers well  looking at you , Big D ** k Richie and whatever Matt Bomer 's character was named  , that there was n't enough dancing , and that Tatum 's love interest was wooden  presumably all significant others stay at home  . Below are other fun tidbits from the GQ cover story , which again , is worth reading in its entirety :  There 's a reason Chan  or Chanimal , to his mother  was believable in "  She 's the Man : " "  Soccer was the first sport that my parents put me in , and ultimately all the parents kind of came over to my mom and were , ` We think Channing would be better at football ... . We love him , he 's really great , but he 's kind of hurting our children . ' I was just a little wild . "  You 've seen him reenact the "  Dirty Dancing " lift with his dog . Well , he can probably do the pottery wheel scene , too : In what is my favorite GQ cover story interview location since Taylor Lautner took a writer to an Olive Garden , Tatum suggested that he and his crutches-bound profiler go to the paint-your-own-pottery store Color Me Mine because he got into sculpting when he was filming "  Haywire " in Santa Fe and has "  always wanted to paint my own bowls and dishes and s -- t. "  If you 're dying to know what Tatum painted , jump to the final page of the piece .  You 're going to hear a lot about his claim that he 's a "  high-functioning alcoholic " : I 've already received an email from one addiction specialist who is "  available for comment . " Perhaps it 's a "  cry for help , " as that person suggests , but if you read the quote in context , you could argue it 's hyperbolic . EW : Matthew McConaughey HAS to return for ` Magic Mike ' sequel He likes to sculpt at night , with a bottle of wine or a glass of bourbon . "  I probably drink too much , you know , " he says . "  My wife , that 's what she bought into ... . I 'm probably a pretty high-functioning , I guess , you know , I would say , alcoholic , I guess . " He likes how it slows down his mind . "  There 's probably a tendency to escape . I equate it to creativity , and I definitely equate it to having a good time . " Still , he says , nothing makes you cut back like having a baby , and he 'll not drink for four months when they make the Magic Mike sequel . "  Then , at the end of that movie , " he says , "  it 's go time . "  On a lighter note , he and your 5-year-old niece have something in common : "  I just love cake , " he explains . "  Confetti cake , to be specific . It has little colored candies inside the cake , and then you get the confetti icing , which is really hard to find sometimes ... . It 's really hard to explain to people , because it 's not icing with sprinkles on top . It 's icing that actually has candies inside of it . It 's Funfetti icing ... . The icing , coupled with the actual confetti cake . It 's a beautiful mix . It is an angel sent from heaven . "  You 'll be left wondering what bet Tatum and Jonah Hill have made about how much "  22 Jump Street " will earn its opening weekend : Hill has yet to pay up on their bet for the first film 's : "  I will kiss your tip ! I will kiss the tip of your d -- through your underwear if we make $ 35 million . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The plot will revolve around our favorite a strippers ' convention Greg Jacobs will direct Tatum claims he 's a "  high-functioning alcoholic "
CNN  -- Anyone who uses a smartphone , puts away money in a 401  k  , or wants to keep their grocery bill from skyrocketing needs to be aware of a new dynamic in the world economy . It 's called the "  Plan B World " and it is about how modern shocks to systems in far corners of the world are now having a direct impact on local employment and economies , including the parts that go into cell phones , the financial markets that house our retirement savings and the global agriculture system . We saw the downside of single-source supply contracting and just-in-time inventory systems when a manufacturing plant for a certain type of gasket was destroyed in the 2011 Japanese tsunami . It led to the shutdown of production facilities in the big six automakers in the United States , which weakened the economy and contributed to the U.S. unemployment rate increasing from 8.9 % to 9.1 % during this time . If carmakers had a Plan B for gasket supply , an economic disruption that put factory employees out of work could have been avoided . Advancements in supply chain technology have improved efficiency and lowered the prices we pay for goods and services . But without a mindset that recognizes that we are in a Plan B world , we are less resilient to the acute shocks and chronic stresses our world faces every day . The Plan B mindset will allow us to use our creativity to proactively plan for more resilient solutions . By that I mean developing ways that people , communities , industries and even nations are better able to rebound in the face of adversity and come back even stronger . What makes this important ? The speed of change -- along with the increasing environmental , economic , social and political volatility -- has led to crises of intensifying frequency , scale and severity , with potentially catastrophic effects that cascade across sectors and geographies . A reality of our time is that we can not anticipate every catastrophe or stressful event . We can -- and must -- do what we can to prevent bad things from happening , but the fact remains that surprises will still happen . Ominous recent episodes demand we always have a Plan B that minimizes the lasting effects of a range of future threats and allows us to rebound more quickly and effectively :  Climate catastrophes , like the deadly floods that paralyzed Thailand in 2011 , can trigger disruptions to the world 's tenuous manufacturing supply chain . When the autumn flooding in Bangkok closed factories that fed global manufacturers , it forced shutdowns of electronics and automotive assembly lines from Shanghai to Shenzen to Shreveport .  Financial contagion , like the debt crises of Greece and Portugal in 2010 and 2011 , can shatter confidence in global financial markets . Losses inflicted by the European crises reversed years ' worth of painstaking economic progress for nations and individuals worldwide .  Food shortages , like the drought-induced famine emergency in Somalia and Ethiopia in 2011 , can cause food riots locally and speculative panics globally . Such market gyrations can contribute to protectionist measures that drive worldwide food-price spikes and further punish the most vulnerable .  True natural disasters , like last year 's Japanese earthquake and tsunami , can expose dangers in nationwide planning systems and calamities in power and other sectors . The sudden discovery of structural weakness in many of Japan 's nuclear power plants forced the shutdown of its nuclear electricity network , with the power outage provoking an economic stall .  Disease pandemics , like the SARS outbreak that swept through Asia in 2002 and 2003 , can spread infections across borders as fast as 747s can ferry passengers across oceans .  Cyberattacks and hacking can undermine public faith in the secure data that supports global commerce . Further , the infiltration of infrastructure networks and military systems can compromise national security . A Plan B would not just build higher levees and a more regulated banking system . It would look at ways of setting up redundant systems so that when one system fails another takes up some of the slack . Or when we design our flood or economic plans , can we keep in mind ways to prevent cascading failures when one part of the system collapses ? There are already some Plan Bs being put in place . Two examples come from work that the Rockefeller Foundation is supporting today .  In Ethiopia , some of the poorest subsistence farmers in the country are receiving crop insurance through an innovative program spearheaded by Oxfam America that allows farmers to trade work for insurance . This makes farmers more resilient against drought , famine and floods .  The Asian Cities Climate Change Resilience Network is a 10-city initiative to develop climate resilience strategies appropriate to each city . One of the cities where the program is operating is Danang , Vietnam . Their strategy included hydrology mapping , which led the city to halt building plans in vulnerable areas and has shaped the city 's future development plans . This planning will reduce the vulnerability of people and property to the effects of climate changes . This is only a start . How we strengthen Plan Bs and interconnect them is the focus of a meeting this week in Washington that is bringing together global leaders and thinkers across an array of fields . From these discussions , a clearer way forward will be developed , that will be followed by grants aimed at achieving this goal . This is just one step toward a more resilient world . It is long past time for everyone to work together to reinforce society 's complex systems at their most vulnerable points . We are on our way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Judith Rodin .	Judith Rodin : In a globalized world , local disasters can have consequences everywhere She says the Japanese tsunami led to part shortages that shut down assemby lines in U.S. Rodin : Governments and businesses need to have contingency plans to cope with surprises
CNN  -- France confirmed for the first time Saturday that Islamist militant Abdelhamid Abou Zeid was killed amid fighting by French forces in northern Mali late last month . Abou Zeid 's death in the Ifoghas Mountains had been widely reported but the French government declined to confirm it pending the results of DNA testing . The death of one of the major figures in al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb "  marks an important stage in the struggle against terrorism in the Sahel , " said a statement from the office of French President Francois Hollande . Report : Al Qaeda kills French hostage held in Mali Abou Zeid was considered one of the group 's most ruthless commanders , having seized at least a dozen foreigners for ransom . The French president 's office said there was no new information regarding a second man reported to have been killed in the fighting in northern Mali , jihadist commander , Moktar Belmoktar . DNA testing was also being conducted to confirm his death . Belmoktar is believed to be behind a large scale attack at an Algerian gas plant in January that left dozens of hostages and militants dead . At the beginning of this year , Abou Zeid joined other Islamist forces making a push southward toward the capital , Bamako . But when the Islamist advances prompted a French intervention , he moved to the area around the less accessible city of Kidal , close to the virtually impenetrable Ifoghas Mountains . French minister : ` Tons ' of Islamists ' heavy weapons found in Mali French and allied forces , including Malian and Chadian troops , have made significant inroads in recent weeks combating Islamist extremist fighters in Mali . But fighting continues in the remote northeastern part of the West African nation . Nearly 50 aerial sorties were flown in the past few days , most of them in the Ifoghas Mountains region and along the Niger river between Gao and Timbuktu , the French Defense Ministry said Thursday . French ground forces , supported by troops from Chad , have been hunting armed terrorist groups in amongst the valleys of the massif , the ministry said . French involvement in the conflict began on January 11 , the day after militants said they had seized the city of Konna , east of Diabaly in central Mali , and were poised to advance south toward Bamako , the capital . In total , 4,000 French soldiers are deployed in Mali , according to the French Defense Ministry website , alongside 6,300 troops from Chad and the African-led International Support Mission to Mali . Islamist extremists carved out a large haven in northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup by the separatist party MNLA . France using DNA to identify Islamists killed in Africa CNN 's Per Nyberg , Tim Lister and Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report	France confirms the death of senior Islamist militant Abdelhamid Abou Zeid Abou Zeid was a commander of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb French and African forces have been fighting Islamist militants in Mali since January Abou Zeid was killed in the Ifoghas Mountains , where the hunt for militants continues
CNN  -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi on Wednesday called on President-elect Barack Obama to govern from the middle , as her party sat poised to gain its widest House majority in 15 years . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , celebrates election victories Tuesday night in Washington . According to projections , Democrats in the House were on track Wednesday to increase their majority by at least 18 seats , a margin that would give Obama a formidable tool to push his legislative agenda after his January 20 inauguration . Democrats took at least 22 seats from Republicans in Tuesday 's election , with the GOP taking four seats from the Democrats , according to CNN projections . With winners yet to be called for eight of the House 's 435 seats , Democrats were projected to win 254 seats , with Republicans having 173 . "  I do n't know what the final number will be , " Pelosi said during a Wednesday afternoon news conference on Capitol Hill . "  But it will be well over 250 . It 's a signal of the change that the American people want . " Pelosi , D-California , said she hoped Obama would "  bring people together to reach consensus " on issues that concern Americans . "  A new president must govern from the middle , " she said . Topping her agenda , she said , would be "  growing the economy , expanding health care , ending dependence on foreign oil and ending the war in Iraq . " When he woke up Wednesday morning , Republican National Committee Chairman Mike Duncan said , he felt like the boy who stubbed his toe , the character in a quote from President Lincoln , who said : "  It hurts too bad to laugh , and I 'm too big to cry . " Duncan also called on the president-elect to govern from the center and warned that if Democrats moved too far to the left , Republicans could take back seats in the 2010 midterm elections . "  The last two times Democrats controlled the House , Senate and the presidency , they choked on the bone of responsibility , " he said . "  They lurched far to the left and introduced the country to President Ronald Reagan and Speaker Newt Gingrich . " Among Tuesday 's GOP casualties was longtime Rep. Chris Shays of Connecticut , whose reputation for occasionally bucking his party could n't keep him from losing to Democrat Jim Himes . Shays ' defeat leaves New England without any Republicans in the House . Shays was seeking his 11th full term . Watch Pelosi say Americans voted for change " Heading into Election Day , the Democrats had a 235-199 House majority . The Democrats ' gains come two years after they took control of the House -- with a gain of 30 seats -- after 12 years in the minority . Here are highlights of other races from Tuesday with projected winners : Democrats gained at least two seats in Ohio , including that of Rep. Steve Chabot , who was seeking an eighth term in a Cincinnati-area district that normally votes about evenly for GOP and Democratic presidential candidates . CNN projects that Chabot lost to Democrat Steve Driehaus . Just two years earlier , Chabot was re-elected with 52 percent of the vote despite an anti-Republican tide that helped Democrats capture Ohio 's governorship and take a U.S. Senate seat . Democrats also gained a seat left open by retiring Rep. Ralph Regula . Democrat John Boccieri defeated the GOP 's Kirk Schuring in the northeastern Ohio contest .  In New York , Democrats won three Republican seats , including two left open by incumbents not seeking re-election . In one of the open races , Democrat Mike McMahon won the last GOP-held seat in New York City , defeating the GOP 's Robert Straniere . Democrat Dan Maffei defeated Republican Dale Sweetland , who was trying to win a seat vacated by 10-term GOP Rep. Jim Walsh . In a rematch of a 2006 race , former naval officer Eric Massa beat GOP Rep. Randy Kuhl in a western New York district that generally votes Republican .  Freshman Rep. Michele Bachmann , R-Minnesota , was projected to survive a race that tightened after she accused Obama of having "  anti-American views . " She was leading Democratic challenger Elwyn Tinklenberg 47 percent to 43 percent with 86 percent of precincts reporting . Bachmann set off a storm of criticism in October when she said Obama 's connection to 1960s radical William Ayers made her concerned that Obama may have anti-American views . Bachmann 's comments prompted a flood of fundraising for Tinklenberg .  In Florida , Democrats captured from Republicans two of the four seats that analysts thought they could win . Democrat Suzanne Kosmas defeated Rep. Tom Fenney , and Democrat Alan Grayson defeated Rep. Ric Keller . However , brothers and Republicans Lincoln Diaz-Balart and Mario Diaz-Balart , who represent districts in southern Florida , held off their Democratic challengers . Lincoln Diaz-Balart won a ninth term , defeating former Hialeah Mayor Raul Martinez .  Democratic incumbents were n't invulnerable in Florida . Rep. Tim Mahoney -- a south-central Florida Democrat elected to replace scandal-plagued GOP Rep. Mark Foley in 2006 -- lost to his Republican challenger , Tom Rooney . Mahoney already was going to have a tough race in his Republican-leaning district . But the race became tougher in mid-October with allegations that Mahoney had an affair with one of his aides and paid her thousands of dollars in hush money . Mahoney admitted to causing "  pain " in his marriage , but he denied paying the aide to keep quiet .  Republican incumbents in two California districts maintained their House seats -- Rep. Ken Calvert defeated Democrat Bill Hedrick , a former teacher , and Brian Bilbray defeated Democrat Nicholas "  Nick " Alexander Leibham , an attorney . In June 2006 , Bilbray narrowly won a special election to fill the vacant San Diego seat that once was occupied by disgraced former Rep. Randy "  Duke " Cunningham .  In Pennsylvania , Rep. John Murtha handily defeated Republican challenger William Russell . Republicans had hoped to defeat Murtha after he called his western Pennsylvania district "  a racist area " and "  redneck . "  The House 's third-ranking Republican , Rep. Adam Putnam of central Florida , was re-elected but wrote to his colleagues Tuesday night that he would n't run again for a leadership post , saying he wanted to return his focus "  to crafting public policy solutions for America 's generational challenges . " He is currently the GOP conference chairman .  In a heavily Republican district near Houston , Texas , Democratic Rep. Nick Lampson lost his re-election bid against Pete Olson . Lampson won the seat in 2006 after Republican and former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay resigned to fight state money laundering charges .  In Ohio 's 11th District , Democrats easily took a seat that was vacant since the death of Democratic Rep. Stephanie Tubbs Jones . Democrat Marcia Fudge defeated Republican Thomas Pekarek . Tubbs Jones , who represented the district that covers parts of Cleveland and its suburbs , died in August after brain hemorrhaging caused by an aneurysm .  The House 's first two Muslim members , Rep. Keith Ellison of Minnesota and Rep. Andre Carson of Indiana , won their contests Tuesday . Carson has won his first full term ; he had succeeded his grandmother , the late Rep. Julia Carson , in a March special election .  There was a party change in the race to represent New Jersey in the House . Democrat John Adler , 48 , defeated Republican Chris Myers , 42 , a Navy combat veteran . Adler , an attorney , sponsored New Jersey 's 2006 law prohibiting smoking in indoor public places and workplaces . He was also the sponsor of a law toughening car emission standards in the state .  Democrats took power from Republicans in Idaho , too . Walt Minnick beat Republican William Sali in a race for the House . Minnick has an MBA and law degree from Harvard University and served as a Nixon White House staffer in the early 1970s before starting a 21-year career at a wood-products maker . Not all 435 seats will be decided immediately . Two Louisiana districts used Election Day for primary runoffs ; the general election for those seats will be December 6 .	RNC chairman warns Dems against choking "  on the bone of responsibility " "  A new president must govern from the middle , " says House speaker Dem victories signal "  change the American people want , " says Pelosi Projections : House Dems take 22 GOP seats ; Republicans snatch four
After five days of relentless cross-examination that left Oscar Pistorius quivering , sobbing and fumbling , the athlete 's defense team now has a chance to discredit the prosecution by presenting its witnesses . During cross-examination , prosecutor Gerrie Nel accused the athlete of inconsistencies and contradictions in his testimony . His aim is to prove that Pistorius intentionally shot and killed his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , after a heated argument in the early hours of Valentine 's Day last year . The defense team now gets its chance to cast doubt on that account and prove that the star sprinter shot his girlfriend through a closed bathroom door after mistaking her for an intruder . Defense attorney Barry Roux called forensics expert Roger Dixon , who disputed a conclusion by a pathologist on the cause of Steenkamp 's back wounds . The pathologist said they were made by a bullet ricochet . Dixon said they were made by a magazine rack . The autopsy said they were made by a blunt , hard object . Nel took every opportunity to discredit Dixon , including questioning his ballistics evidence when he said none of the bullets missed Steenkamp , while the state expert had said one did . "  You see how irresponsible it is to make inferences in areas where you 're not an expert ? " Nel told him . At one point , Judge Thokozile Masipa ordered the state prosecutor to be less aggressive in his questioning . Valentine 's Day card Pistorius has maintained he was terrified when he heard noises from the bathroom . When he entered the bathroom and heard a noise behind the closed toilet door , he pulled the trigger without thinking , believing an intruder was inside . And in an apparent bid to show their romance was not as rocky as portrayed by the prosecution , Pistorius on Tuesday read a card that Steenkamp had planned to give him on Valentine 's Day . "  Roses are red , violets are blue , I think today is a good day to tell you that I love you , " the message read . Last week , Pistorius , 27 , took the stand for the first time since the trial started on March 3 to testify about what happened on the fateful day . During his cross-examination , the prosecution released details of his relationship with the model and law school graduate , which began in November 2012 . It included text messages retrieved from their phones . Nel accused him of acting selfishly toward Steenkamp , picking on her and shunning a declaration of love that she sent via a phone message . The court also heard audio recordings Dixon had made of a cricket bat striking a door similar to the one in Pistorius ' toilet , and of gunshots fired through the door . Prosecution witnesses have testified to hearing a woman scream , followed by gun shots , but the defense disputes their testimony , saying the only scream came from Pistorius after he had fired the fatal shots . The trial was later adjourned for the day . Gripping trial If Pistorius is found guilty of premeditated murder , he faces 25 years to life in prison . The defense team will call 14 to 17 witnesses , Roux said when he opened his case . The trial is scheduled to continue until the middle of May . Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . The trial has gripped South Africa and sports fans worldwide who considered Pistorius a symbol of triumph over physical adversity . His disabled lower legs were amputated when he was a baby , but he went on to achieve global fame as the "  Blade Runner , " winning numerous Paralympic gold medals on the steel blades fitted to his prostheses . Only those in the courtroom saw Pistorius on the stand , because he chose not to testify on camera . His testimony could be heard in an audio feed . The trial will be postponed until May 5 after Thursday 's session per the state 's request , the judge said .	After Thursday 's session , the trial will be postponed until May 5 Prosecutor has accused the athlete of inconsistencies and contradictions The defense calls forensics expert Roger Dixon He disputes a pathologist 's explanation of victim Reeva Steenkamp 's back wounds
CNN  -- T.J. Lane did n't belong to any particular clique in the schools he attended . Those who knew him described him as quiet , someone who was guarded and rarely spoke about his tumultuous family life . But they never would have thought that he 'd turn out a killer -- walking up to a table in the cafeteria of Ohio 's Chardon High School with a .22 - caliber gun and pumping 10 rounds at students he picked randomly . Three students -- Demetrius Hewlin , 16 ; Daniel Parmertor , 16 ; and Russell King Jr. , 17 -- died . That was on February 27 , 2012 , when he was a 17-year-old sophomore . Lane admitted his crime , did n't offer a reason , and was sentenced to three consecutive life sentences at the Allen Oakwood Correctional Institution in Lima . Three life sentences with no possibility of parole . On Friday , he was back in the news after he escaped from the facility , triggering an intense manhunt . He was captured about six hours later , enough time for him to reopen the wounds that his victims ' families are trying to salve . "  There has certainly been an undeniable , profound and deep impact on our community , " Michael Hanlon , Chardon school superintendent , said early Friday morning . Schools will remain closed but counselors and other support services will be provided . At school Teresa Hunt 's niece rode the school bus each day with Lane , and he displayed no warning signs of the violence to come . "  He was a really nice kid to her , " Hunt told CNN after the shooting in 2012 . "  He would n't start up a conversation , but if she talked to him , he would hold the conversation with her . She said her niece noted no personality changes in Lane in the weeks leading up to Monday 's shooting . Haley Kovacik , a friend who talked with Lane a few times a week , said the violence left her and others who knew him in "  complete shock . " "  He seemed like a very normal , just teenage boy , " Kovacik said of Lane . "  He did have a sad look in his eyes a lot of the time , but he talked normally , he never said anything strange . " Yet for all their talks , Kovacik noted there was a lot she did n't know about Lane . Friends , family remember Ohio school shooting victims At home Lane lived with his grandparents and was slow to open up about his personal life , according to friends . While he was known by many around Chardon High School , located 30 miles east of Cleveland , at the time of the shooting he was there to be transported to Lake Academy Alternative School in nearby Willoughby . The school describes itself as a place for "  at risk " students who are "  reluctant learners " struggling with problems such as "  substance abuse / chemical dependency , anger issues , mental health issues , truancy , delinquency , difficulties with attention/organization , and academic deficiencies . " Lane may have been dealing with his own family problems , according to reports by The Plain Dealer newspaper in Cleveland . Lane 's father , Thomas Lane Jr. , was arrested several times for violent crimes against female acquaintances , including Lane 's mother , the newspaper reported citing court documents . Between 1995 and 1997 , the first two years of Lane 's life , his father and his mother were both arrested for domestic violence against each other , the paper reported . His father also served prison time for assaulting a police officer and he also was charged with holding a different woman under running water and bashing her head into a wall , the newspaper reported . It was unclear how much contact Lane had with his father . He rarely opened up about his family , some said . "  I 've asked him once or twice , but he never would go into detail . He just said he had family trouble , " Kovacik said Online Posts on Lane 's Facebook page show him sharing links to music videos . Yet one long , poetic rant , from December 30 , 2011 , appears to be darker . The post refers to "  a quaint lonely town ,  where there  sits a man with a frown  who  longed for only one thing , the world to bow at his feet . " "  He was better than the rest , all those ones he detests , within their castles , so vain , " he wrote . Lane then writes about going through "  the castle ... like an ominous breeze through the trees , " past guards -- all leading up to the post 's dramatic conclusion . "  Feel death , not just mocking you . Not just stalking you but inside of you , " he writes . "  Wriggle and writhe . Feel smaller beneath my might . Seizure in the Pestilence that is my scythe . Die , all of you . " At his trial At his sentencing , Lane 's behavior shocked and outraged spectators . He unbuttoned his blue dress shirt to reveal a white T-shirt on which he had scrawled the word "  KILLER " across the front . He had on a similar shirt during his shooting rampage . Before the sentencing , he addressed the victims ' families using profane imagery and ending with the expletive , "  F -- all of you . " He then held up his middle finger . "  For everyone in that courtroom -- the victims , their families , the prosecutors , defense -- everyone in that courtroom was just absolutely taken aback , " said Ian Friedman , who represented him at his trial , said late Thursday . Friedman , has n't talked to Lane in about a year . At the proceeding , prosecutor James Flaiz said Lane never said why he carried out the attack . "  The only explanation I can offer the court is he is an evil person , " Flaiz said . Ohio school shooter shows contempt , no remorse during sentencing At the prison In the 18 months Lane was housed at the Allen Oakwood Correctional Institution , he was disciplined seven times , according to The Plain Dealer newspaper . The infractions ranged from urinating on a wall to giving himself a tattoo , the paper said . He also refused to carry out assignments , losing recreation time as punishment . Authorities said Lane scaled a fence and broke out of the facility , about 90 miles northwest of Columbus . He escaped , along with two other men , about 7:40 p.m. Thursday . All three have been captured . When police took him into custody , Lane did n't offer an explanation . T.J. Lane back in custody after prison escape CNN 's Lateef Mungin , Moni Basu , Martin Savidge and Lisa Sylvester contributed to this report .	Lane admitted his crime but did n't offer a reason He was slow to open up about his personal life His father was arrested several times for violent crimes against women His behavior at his sentencing hearing shocked and outraged
Wings clipped , noses cut off , stripped down to the bone , these old birds will never fly again . But the giant hangar at the home of Tarmac Aerosave is not a graveyard for planes -- it 's a recycling yard . Tarmac Aerosave has been dismantling disused aircraft at its base in "  Aerospace Valley " -- a cluster of French flight engineering firms near the town of Tarbes in southern France -- since it was formed in 2009 . Although the company 's primary business remains aircraft storage , it has stripped 12 planes completely since its inception "  We receive an old aircraft ... and completion of this work  is  when all the material can be reused , " says Sebastien Medan , head of dismantling at the French aerospace company Where planes go to die The parts salvaged during this process are repackaged and repurposed . Landing gear and wing flaps are shipped out to be reinstalled in new planes while cockpits are reborn as flight simulators . All parts that are saved can be sold on by the aircraft owners . The remaining waste and scrap metal , meanwhile , is broken down for resale by Tarmac . "  The percentage of the aircraft to be recycled is around 87 %  and  actually we expect to rise that to 90 % " says Medan . See also : In-flight phone calls to become standard With Tarmac 's parent company , Airbus , predicting that more than 9,000 aircraft will be retired or withdrawn from service over the next 20 years , there 's a clear need for aging planes to be disposed of in an environmentally friendly manner . By relieving retired models of their most valuable assets , Tarmac also believes it can transform airplane recycling into a lucrative business and one that makes sense for airlines looking to dispose of old models . The cost of storing a disused aircraft can be as much as $ 20,000  $ 25,000  per month . This compares to a one-off cost of between $ 100,000 and $ 150,000  between $ 125,000 and $ 185,000  to tear down a plane , stripping it of items that can be reused or sold on at a profit . A conductor who loves the sound of fighter jets : These people really love to fly "  All the materials we take out from each aircraft could be used in other industry , especially aeronautical industry , " says Medan . While the efficiency savings this process brings are obvious , Tarmac also believes that dismantling old planes will allow engineers to better design more efficient aircraft in the future . Understanding how parts erode , decay or develop over time will allow them to transfer that knowledge into new designs . "  We are collecting in-service aircraft components to asses the remaining characteristics and capability in terms of stress and fatigue , " says Olivier Malavallon , project director of business development and change at Airbus . "  It 's crucial in terms of experienced feedback in better designing the aircraft and providing to the designer some guidance -- how best we can assemble things together where things are fitting better . " As it stands , Tarmac 's site in southern France can cater for 20 aircraft at a time , the company says . Across the border in northern Spain , however , a new site is being prepared by one of the company 's subsidiaries . It will be able to store 200 planes at a time , and strip down between 30 and 40 models a year . According to Malavallon this expansion will enable Tarmac to prepare for the coming influx of retiring planes . It will also ensure aircraft are disposed of in a way that is efficient and makes the most of valuable materials . Instead of "  going from cradle to grave , " he says , airplanes will go from "  cradle to cradle . " You told us : Top 5 spots for plane geeks Ayesha Durgahee is the resident reporter on CNN 's Business Traveller . Follow Ayesha on Twitter at @AyeshaCNN .	Tarmac Aerosave recycles disused aircraft at its plant in southern France Airbus says around 9,000 planes will be retired or withdrawn from service over the next 20 years Tarmac believes recycling old aircraft could save airlines considerable amounts of money
CNN  -- Two Swedish journalists who were found guilty in Ethiopia of supporting terrorism were sentenced to 11 years in jail Tuesday , the Swedish Foreign Ministry said . "  Our belief was that the court would think they were journalists and they would be released . This is what the prime minister has said before , " ministry spokesman Anders J  rle said . "  It is not fair that they are sentenced since they are journalists on a journalistic mission . " "  They are innocent and have been convicted because of their journalistic work , " said Tomas Olsson , the journalists ' Swedish attorney . "  We are very disappointed . " A court convicted Johan Persson and Martin Schibbye last week . Ethiopian troops captured Persson and Schibbye in July during an exchange of gunfire with a rebel group in the Ogaden , a prohibited region along the nation 's border with Somalia , according to state media . Ethiopian officials accused the journalists of being accomplices to terrorism after the government declared the Ogaden National Liberation Front a terrorist group in June . Olsson said the 11-year sentence was the lowest possible one for the crimes they were convicted of . "  The prosecutor sought 18 years imprisonment , so if you look at it that way , it is a positive thing that they got the lowest possible sentence , " Olsson said . "  But since they are innocent , they are very disappointed . " Schibbye and Persson have until January 10 to decide if they want to appeal -- a process that could take up to two years -- or if they want to seek a pardon . However , Olsson said , if they want to apply for a pardon the two have to admit the crimes , "  and since they are not guilty then this is not something they 'd want to do . " Fredric Alm at the Sweden-based photojournalism agency Kontinent , for which the two men work , said they "  have a very hard decision ahead of them " in considering whether to appeal or ask for a pardon , but that an 11-year sentence in an Ethiopian prison "  could effectively be a death sentence for them . " Alm added : "  The purpose of this verdict is to scare away all journalists from reporting in the Ogaden . But as journalists we have to continue reporting from closed areas . It 's a very sad day for press freedom . It 's a very sad day but it did n't come as a surprise for us . It 's still a political verdict ; it 's not a real trial . It is the  Ethiopian  prime minister who has decided . " Persson and Schibbye were convicted on two counts : entering the country illegally and providing assistance to a terrorist organization , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists  CPJ  . Press freedom groups say the two were embedded with the rebels while working on a story about the region . Journalists and aid workers are prohibited from entering the Ogaden , where human rights organizations say human rights abuses against ethnic Somalis by rebels and Ethiopian troops are rampant . "  The Ethiopian army 's answer to the rebels has been to viciously attack civilians in the Ogaden , " said Georgette Ganon of Human Rights Watch . "  These widespread and systematic atrocities amount to crimes against humanity . " Reporters Without Borders criticized the court 's decision . "  What are the Ethiopian authorities hoping to achieve ? " the international secretariat of the group asked . "  To discourage anyone from visiting the Ogaden , as these two journalists did ? To send a warning signal to the national and international media about the danger of receiving a long jail sentence on a terrorism charge if they attempt any potentially embarrassing investigative reporting ? " "  Our starting point is and remains that they have been in the country on a journalistic mission , " Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt said in a statement last week . "  They should be freed as soon as possible and be able to rejoin their families in Sweden . " But presiding judge Shemsu Sirgaga said the two "  have not been able to prove that they did not support terrorism . " "  They have shown that they are esteemed journalists , but we can not conclude that someone with a good reputation does not engage in criminal acts , " Sirgaga said . Both journalists pleaded guilty to entering the country illegally through Somalia without accreditation , according to the CPJ , which says Ethiopian officials deny media access without government minders . "  We have documented violations of due process and the politicization of their trial , " the CPJ said , complaining that the government pronounced the two guilty even before the trial started . Amnesty International called for their release ahead of Tuesday 's sentencing . "  There is nothing to suggest that the two men entered Ethiopia with any intention other than conducting their legitimate work as journalists . The government chooses to interpret meeting with a terrorist organization as support of that group and therefore a terrorist act , " said Claire Beston with the human rights group . In a statement issued in September , Kontinent said that its journalists do not take sides or participate in any conflict and report under international rights regarding freedom of the press , which it believes should be upheld by any government . The trial against the journalists turned into a fight for press freedom in Ethiopia , according to international journalists ' organizations . In a letter sent to the United Nations , Reporters without Borders accused Ethiopia of using its anti-terrorism law to lessen press freedom and penalize free speech . "  In the name of the fight against terrorism , the government muzzles dissident and critical voices , thus abusing human rights and fundamental freedoms , " wrote the secretary general of Reporters without Borders , Jean-Francois Julliard . CNN 's Per Nyberg and Sarah Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : A long prison term in Ethiopia could be a death sentence , the journalists ' agency says The journalists ' attorney says they are "  very disappointed " by the verdict The judge says the two failed to prove their innocence Human rights groups say Ethiopia failed to provide justice
CNN  -- China 's economic growth rose in the fourth quarter of 2012 , helping the world 's most populous nation end the year with a growth rate of 7.8 % , according to figures released Friday from the National Bureau of Statistics . Last quarter , China 's economy grew at a pace of 7.9 % , slightly better than analyst expectations and breaking a pattern of seven straight quarters of decline . China 's growth rate had been steadily falling since the fourth quarter of 2010 , when economic output grew 9.8 % . The slowing growth rate bottomed out in the third quarter of 2012 , when China 's economy only grew at 7.4 % . Last March , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao lowered the country 's 2012 growth target from 8 % to 7.5 % . While such growth would be the envy of most nations , China 's economy has grown at an average rate of about 10 % each year for the past 30 years . This has helped propel China to become the world 's second largest economy , just behind that of the United States . China 's leaders are widely expected to maintain its 7.5 % growth target into 2013 . Adding to Friday 's better-than-expected growth figures , China 's industrial production increased to 10.3 % year-on-year versus expectations of 10.2 % growth . Retail sales rose 15.2 % year-on-year , also a 0.1 % point increase over expectations .	China 's economy grew 7.9 % in the fourth quarter , slightly better than expectations The world 's second largest economy grew 7.8 % for the year in 2012 Fourth quarter growth rate bucked seven straight quarters of declines
CNN  -- More than three weeks of testimony in the genocide trial of former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt were nullified by a judge Thursday on procedural grounds , state-run media reported . The impact of the ruling on the trial -- which was nearing completion -- was not immediately clear . A three-judge Supreme Court panel had pushed forward with the trial of Rios Montt despite unresolved objections to procedures in lower courts . Judge Carol Patricia Flores ruled that because all of the issues at the lower courts had not been settled , the current proceedings are invalid , the state-run AGN news agency reported . The ruling in effect rewinds the legal process against Rios Montt to where it was in November of 2011 , in a pre-trial phase . Guatemala confronts a dark chapter Flores called it a regrettable situation , saying the process had come to this point because the proper procedures were n't followed earlier , according to the Network in Solidarity with the People of Guatemala , which had representatives present in the courtroom . The judge said she was aware that the ruling would not be popular , but that it does not mean that justice will not be done , the group reported . Standing trial alongside Rios Montt is Mauricio Rodriguez Sanchez , who was head of intelligence in the early 1980s . The pair are accused of genocide and crimes against humanity . Prosecutors accuse them of ordering 15 massacres between 1982 and 1983 in the northwestern region of Quiche . More than 1,700 Ixil Mayans were killed in those operations , prosecutors say . Rios Montt ruled Guatemala from 1982 to 1983 . He came to power in a coup and led a military junta while Guatemala was in a bloody civil war between the army and leftist guerrillas . The war did not end until 1996 , leaving more than 200,000 people dead and 1 million as refugees . Prosecutors argued that Rios Montt was aware of the repressive strategies that the military was using against anyone suspected of being a guerrilla , such as killings , forced disappearances and kidnappings . His defense has argued that he never explicitly ordered the killings of the indigenous group .	Efrain Rios Montt ruled Guatemala from 1982 to 1983 He and another defendant are on trial , accused of genocide and crimes against humanity His defense has argued that he never explicitly ordered the killings of an indigenous group A judge has thrown out three weeks of testimony in his trial , citing procedural grounds
Entertainment Weekly  -- It could n't top its predecessors , but "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine " still brought in quite a haul , grossing an estimated $ 87 million for the opening weekend of the summer movie season . Hugh Jackman stars as the title character in "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine . " The Hugh Jackman pic brought in a strong $ 21,225 per-theater average in 4,099 movie houses , despite generating mixed reviews . The film fell $ 15 million short of 2006 's "  X-Men : The Last Stand " but it is still an enormous success for Jackman and director Gavin Hood . Matthew McConaughey 's "  Ghosts of Girlfriends Past " generated an estimated $ 15.3 million for a second place bow . It 's not a shabby opening but it is far less than McConaughey 's previous romantic outings including last year 's "  Fool 's Gold "  $ 21.6 million  or 2006 's "  Failure to Launch "  $ 24.2 million  .  Perhaps women were too busy checking out all those hunky mutants this weekend ?  The two new openers did help the industry maintain its year-over-year increase of 16 percent . Also aiding that statistic was Beyonce Knowles ' "  Obsessed . " Dropping a not-surprising 57 percent for its second weekend in theaters , the thriller earned another $ 12.2 million to put its ten-day gross at a shockingly strong $ 47 million . And Zac Efron 's "  17 Again " showed surprising stamina , too , grossing an additional $ 6.3 million its third weekend for a total take of $ 48.4 million . The other new wide release for the weekend was the anemic 3-D animated sci-fi film "  Battle for Terra . " Opening on 1162 theaters , the Justin Long , Evan Rachel Wood-voiced feature proved to be little competition for the other 3-D movie in the marketplace . Dreamworks Animation 's juggernaut "  Monsters vs. Aliens " grossed another $ 5.8 million its sixth weekend for the fifth slot in the rankings , while newcomer "  Terra " could n't muster more than $ 1 million for a twelfth place in the box office derby . Summer has officially begun -- at least in Hollywood -- so expect a giant event film every weekend . Wolverine may have bowed mightily but with "  Star Trek " hot on its heels next weekend , the Marvel superhero is going to need more than adamantium to maintain its box office lead . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Wolverine " takes the top slot at the box office , earning an estimated $ 87 million "  Ghosts of Girlfriends Past " took in an estimated $ 15.3 million for second place Dreamworks Animation 's "  Monsters vs. Aliens " grossed another $ 5.8 million Check out the rest of the top 10 movies at the box office this weekend
CNN  -- The San Francisco , California , Board of Supervisors on Tuesday banned most McDonald 's Happy Meals with toys , as they 're now served . The ordinance , which requires McDonald 's and other fast-food servings with toys to meet new nutritional standards , now goes to Mayor Gavin Newsom , who indicated before his election last week to California lieutenant governor that he would veto the law . That veto would be meaningless because the board approved the ordinance 8-3 , a veto-proof margin . With eight votes , the board could override the veto . The new law , which San Francisco officials hope other cities will adopt in battling a child obesity epidemic , was a defeat for McDonald 's , which led the fight against the measure . "  As previously stated , we are extremely disappointed with this decision . It 's not what our customers want , nor is it something they asked for , " said McDonald 's spokeswoman Danya Proud . Proud said public opinion is against such government intervention . "  Any fair and objective review of our menu and the actions we 've taken will demonstrate we 've added multiple options for parents to choose . This includes Apple Dippers  bagged , sliced , pre-peeled apples  , low-fat one percent milk , 100 percent apple juice and Chicken McNuggets made with white meat , " Proud said in a statement . "  And , as we have stated all along , we are committed to doing even more . " The new law addresses how toys and other marketing freebies entice kids to buy fast-food meals that are high in fat and calories , said Supervisor Eric Mar. . He initiated the proposal because his fifth-grade daughter is in the 6-to-11 age group that has seen obesity rates quadruple over the past 30 years , the same time that the Happy Meal has been on the market . "  This is a simple and modest policy that holds fast food accountable , " Mar said . Before Tuesday 's vote , Mar cited a study released this week by Yale University 's Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity , which examined 12 popular restaurant chains and found only 12 out of more than 3,000 kids ' meal combinations met the nutritional guidelines for preschool-aged kids . The study said the fast food industry spent $ 4.2 billion on advertising in 2009 and found that 40 percent of preschool-aged children ask to go to McDonald 's on a weekly basis , and 15 percent ask on a daily basis . Also , 84 percent of parents say they 've taken their children to eat fast food at least once in the past week . Under the law , McDonald 's and other restaurants will have until December 2011 to improve their meals ' nutrition by adding fruits and vegetables -- if the chains want to keep offering toys , including those promoting the latest films . The food and beverages will have to contain fewer than 600 calories , and less than 35 percent of total calories will come from fat . The meal must contain half a cup of fruit and three-fourths cup of vegetables , and offer less than 640 milligrams of sodium and less than 0.5 milligrams of trans fat . Breakfast will have the option of offering half cups of fruit or vegetables . City officials said they expect a legal challenge from McDonald 's , which declined to comment on possible legal action .	NEW : All fast food with toys must meet new nutrition criteria If nutrition standards are met , McDonald 's and other chains can offer toys with meals The measure is part of a "  food justice " movement ; officials expect a legal challenge
CNN  -- World hot dog eating record holders Joey "  Jaws " Chestnut and Sonya "  The Black Widow " Thomas engaged in a pre-meet stare down Friday as they weighed in for the annual Nathan 's July Fourth hot dog eating contest . But for the first time , Chestnut -- who two years ago ate 68 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes -- and Thomas -- the top female eater , with 41 hot dogs and buns -- will not compete directly at Coney Island . In a move to increase the contest 's fame , Nathan 's is sponsoring separate male and female competitions , in effect setting the plate for Thomas , a Burger King manager who reigns supreme among female hot dog eaters , to finally capture her own championship belt . It is pink , unlike the men 's mustard yellow belt , to promote Pepto Bismol , another event sponsor . Male and female contestants will vie for equal purses of $ 20,000 . The annual display of conspicuous consumption is a marketing marvel that captivates the media and has propelled Nathan 's Famous to seven consecutive years of higher revenues and profits . During its most recent fiscal year , Nathan 's sold about 453 million hot dogs , a 93 % increase during the seven-year span , giving it bragging rights as the No. 1 selling beef hot dog at retail outlets across the United States . The company , which is public , has seen its shares rise three-fold during the same period . "  This is one of the greatest marketing stunts ever , ever put forth in the United States , " proclaimed Wayne Norbitz , president and chief operating officer of Nathan 's Famous . "  It 's been a great marketing strategy for us . " So great the July Fourth hot dog eating contest and more than a dozen qualifying matches around North America comprise the majority of Nathan 's Famous marketing budget . The company airs no television commercials . The hot dog eating contest is a natural for Nathan 's , which first opened by the fun-filled amusement park 96 years ago . In the late 1970s the contest was just another Coney Island sideshow , thought up by PR stunt man Max Rosey . Norbitz , a young Nathan 's employee in 1977 , remembers creating the competition with Rosey in front of the Coney Island restaurant . "  We waited for a couple of fat guys to walk by . We asked if they wanted to eat hot dogs in a contest . They said yes . We ran a quick little contest and the whole object was to get a photo in the New York Post , " recalled Norbitz . Rosey 's protg , George Shea , his brother Richard Shea and partner David Baer are the marketing mavens who have brought competitive eating -- or gastric-centered sports , as they like to call it -- into the modern era . The marketers introduced the coveted mustard yellow championship belt , arranged for ESPN to telecast the competition live , built up the rivalry between former champion Takeru Kobayashi and current champ Joey Chestnut , and have promoted the "  eaters " as professional athletes . "  It 's absolutely a sport and it has the attendance of a sport , and these guys are athletes for sure , " claimed Richard Shea . Practicing what they preach , the Sheas have packaged Nathan 's hot dog eating competitions , as well as other disciplines including oysters , hamburgers , cheese steak , baby back ribs , buffalo wings , gyros , jalapenos , asparagus , meatballs , sweet corn , catfish and corned beef into a league : Major League Eating . "  The MLE circuit goes on all year and hits all kinds of towns , markets and various foreign shores , " said Richard Shea , who said he believes his marketing technique breaks through the clutter of traditional advertising and public relations . "  There 's so many things you can make competitive , compelling , and then use those as a platform for all these brands looking for eyeballs . " This year 's lead stunt for the Sheas is an effort to create a rivalry between the United States and China by bringing Chinese eaters to Coney Island for the July Fourth contest , just when Nathan 's happens to be embarking on a major expansion in China . The company recently concluded a deal with a franchisee who plans to open 80 Nathan 's Famous outlets in China . "  They represent a potential threat to our possession of the mustard belt , " warned George Shea . "  China is expanding and rising as a political and global power , economic and otherwise . If they take the belt it 's going to hit us right where we breathe . They are going to be eating our lunch , literally . " Champion Joey Chestnut appeared to take Shea 's claim seriously . At Friday 's weigh-in he confronted one of the Chinese eaters , asking , "  How many are you going to eat ? " "  I hope 20 , " came the response . A clearly relieved Chestnut then offered sportsmanlike encouragement , "  Next year you 'll eat more . " The record holder then confessed he could use some tough competition . "  If someone 's not pushing me it 's hard , " he said . It appears unlikely Chestnut will have that motivation at the big table in Coney Island . While the Nathan 's competition is under way in Brooklyn , Chestnut 's chief nemesis Kobayashi plans to stage his own hot dog eating performance at a bar in Manhattan . He was banned from the Nathan 's event last year after a contract dispute and then arrested after trying to jump onto the Coney Island stage , generating even more publicity for the eating contest and for Nathan 's Famous .	Annual July Fourth eating contest increases sales for Nathan 's Famous This year the contest splits into male and female divisions Contest adds competitors from China , where Nathan 's franchises are opening
CNN  -- Two years ago , a major earthquake struck near the Haitian capital of Port-au-Prince . Up to 3 million people were killed , injured or displaced . In the wake of this disaster , aid flowed in via many channels -- including , notably , individual donations sent via text message . The Red Cross immediately launched a donate-by-text program , promoted heavily by the U.S. State Department and the mainstream media . Relief agencies collected $ 43 million in donations via text after Haiti quake -- sent $ 10 at a time by texting the word "  HAITI " to the shortcode 90999 .  The donation appeared as a charge on donors ' phone bills . Who are these mobile givers ? What motivated them to give , and did their donations to Haitian earthquake relief influence their future patterns of giving ? The Pew Internet and American Life Project on Wednesday released an in-depth study based on interviews with 863 people who sent donations to Haiti via text message . Pew found that most of these donations were made on impulse -- an immediate response to media coverage of the disaster , especially on television . For three-quarters of them , it was the first time they 'd ever donated via text message . Only a third of them made additional text donations to Haitian earthquake relief . By and large , these donors did not research this donation beforehand . Also , their interest in Haiti 's recovery waned quickly : More than half of the donors interviewed reported that they have not followed Haitian relief and reconstruction efforts much or at all since making their donation . Still , their willingness to donate to disaster relief by text did increase and that has benefited the victims of later disasters . According to Pew , "  More than half of the donors surveyed have made text message contributions to other disaster relief efforts since their Haiti donation . Two in five of these donors  40 %  texted a donation to groups helping people living in Japan following the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami , 27 % texted a donation to groups helping people living in the U.S. Gulf region following the 2010 BP oil spill , and 18 % texted a donation to groups helping victims of the 2011 tornadoes in the U.S. Taken together , 56 % of Haiti mobile givers in our sample made a contribution to at least one of these events . " These donors reported also making donations by other channels : online web forms , by mail , and in person . But , interestingly , their least favorite donation channel was over a voice phone call . What 's special about mobile donors ? Pew found that they 're much like the average American , except that they tend to have more technology . For instance , nearly one-fourth of mobile donors own an e-reader , compared with just 9 % of U.S. adults .  Very similar figures apply to tablet ownership .  Also 82 % own a laptop computer , vs. 57 % for the general population . Mobile donors tend to do more things with their phones than the average American . Nearly three-quarters access the Internet from their phone , vs. 44 % of the general population . More of them also use their phones to shoot photos or video or use e-mail . Two-thirds of the Haiti text donors were female , and they tend to be more highly educated than the general population . Two-thirds also were white . Pew noted a significant social aspect to mobile giving -- but it 's not about social media . Just over 40 % of mobile donors reported encouraging friends and family to donate by text to Haitian earthquake relief . These efforts were surprisingly successful . According to Pew , "  76 % of these ` encouragers ' say that their friends or family members did indeed make a contribution to earthquake relief using their phones . Nonwhite and young donors were particularly likely to spread the word among their friend networks . " But even though mobile donors are more likely than the average American to use social media , most of this encouraging happened in face-to-face conversations , not online . "  Of those who encouraged a friend or family member to contribute , 75 % did so by talking with others in person , and 38 % did so via voice call . By comparison , 34 % encouraged others to contribute by sending a text message , 21 % did so by posting on a social networking site and 10 % did so via email . " People can donate by text message to all sorts of causes and campaigns . Many services such as mGive and MobileCause.org provide text-to-give services for nonprofits and campaigns . It 's unclear whether the patterns Pew spotted in the Haitian relief text donors would apply to donations for causes other than disaster recovery -- but this field is growing fast . In 2012 , Americans should expect to be pelted with more text-to-give pleas than ever -- especially if you live in California or Maryland , which are moving forward to allow political contributions by text . So far , text donations are not allowed for federal political campaigns , including the presidential race . In December 2010 the Federal Election Commission ruled that those campaigns could not receive donations via text message . This would circumvent disclosure laws for political contributions -- currently anyone who gives more than $ 200 to a federal campaign must list their occupation and the name of their employer . However , the Huffington Post reported on frenzied efforts under way to enable cell phone campaign donation methods that do not rely on text messages . Stay tuned on that front . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	Disaster relief groups collect $ 43 million in donations via text after Haiti quake Pew finds most donations were made on impulse , after coverage of disaster Majority of donors did not follow relief and reconstruction efforts
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Hurricane Bill churned in the Atlantic Ocean toward the west-northwest as a major Category 3 hurricane Tuesday evening . Hurricane Bill is expected to continue toward the northwest Tuesday night and Wednesday . Around 8:30 p.m. , reports from a National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration plane indicated Bill had strengthened , with maximum sustained winds near 125 mph . The National Hurricane Center said further strengthening is possible . When a hurricane 's sustained winds reach 111 mph , it reaches Category 3 status . When sustained winds reach 131 mph , it becomes a Category 4 storm . The center said Bill is a large storm , with hurricane force winds extending outward up to 45 miles  75 kilometers  . Tropical force winds extend outward up to 175 miles  280 kilometers  . The hurricane center expects Bill to turn to the northwest Wednesday . "  On this track , the core of Bill will be passing well to the northeast of the northern Leeward Islands late Wednesday and early Thursday , " forecasters said . The northern Leeward Islands are to the east of Puerto Rico . Weather models showed the storm also missing Bermuda as it heads nearer to the upper U.S. East Coast , CNN meteorologists said Tuesday . Although Bermuda may escape a direct hit from Bill , it might experience strong waves and fierce winds , meteorologists said . Track Hurricane Bill 's path across the Atlantic " No computer models Tuesday showed Bill posing a danger to the United States . Bill , the first hurricane of the 2009 Atlantic season , was heading west-northwest at near 16 mph as of Tuesday afternoon . It was centered about 635 miles east of the Leeward Islands . Hurricane-force winds extended up to 45 miles from the center , and tropical storm-force winds of at least extended up to 175 miles out . The remnants of Tropical Depression Ana continued to drop heavy rain across Hispaniola and Cuba on Tuesday , CNN meteorologists said . Forecasters expect Ana to wash South Florida in heavy rain as it passes through the Keys this week . There 's a slight chance that Ana could regenerate into a tropical cyclone after it moves into the southeastern Gulf of Mexico this week , the weather service said .	Bill has sustained winds of almost 125 mph Tuesday evening No forecasts show Hurricane Bill threatening U.S. ; Bill called a large storm Bermuda may escape direct hit but could get strong waves , high winds Bill is the first hurricane of the 2009 Atlantic season
CNN  -- A man was killed by a grizzly bear Wednesday morning at Yellowstone National Park , according to the National Park Service . The visitor was hiking with his wife along the Wapiti Lake trail when he surprised a female bear with her cubs , the park service said . The bear attacked and fatally wounded the man in an attempt to defend her cubs . A group of nearby hikers called police after they heard the victim 's wife crying for help . The name of the victim is being withheld pending notification of family members . There have been no reports of bear encounters along or near the Wapiti Lake trail this season , park spokesman Al Nash said in the statement . A bear warning sign was posted at the head of the trail because of known bear activity along access points . All trails and back-country campsites have been closed until further notice . Park rangers are working to clear the area of all back-country users . "  It is extremely unfortunate that this couple 's trip into the Yellowstone backcountry has ended in tragedy , " said Dan Wenk , superintendent of Yellowstone National Park . "  Our heart goes out to the family and friends of the victim as they work to cope with their loss . " This is the first bear-caused human fatality in Yellowstone since 1986 , Nash said . Bear attacks are extremely rare . No visitors were injured by bears in the park in 2010 . Park visitors are advised to hike in groups of three or more people and to be alert for bears and make noise in blind spots . It is not known if the victim or his wife was carrying bear pepper spray at the time of the incident . Bear pepper spray has been effective in stopping aggressive bears .	A man , traveling with his wife in Yellowstone , was killed by a grizzly The couple surprised the grizzly with her cubs The grizzly attacked and fatally wounded the man This is the first bear-caused human fatality in Yellowstone since 1986
CNN  -- Dominik Paris sped to victory in the first World Cup downhill of the men 's season at Lake Louise in Canada on Saturday . The 24-year-old Italian crossed the finish line in one minute , 49.90 seconds to bag his first win of the season with Austrian Klaus Kroell finishing just 0.03 seconds behind in second . Adrien Theaux from France finished 0.11 seconds behind Paris to take third place . "  I am very happy but it has been a difficult run for me , " Paris said afterwards . "  The middle section of the course was really bumpy but I am glad I figured out a way to keep pushing . "  It 's a great way to start the season and now all I can hope is that I keep skiing like this in the next races and once the Olympics in February come around we will see how things go , " he added . Veteran racer Kroell , who won the World Cup downhill title in 2012 and finished second last year , was satisfied with second place . "  It was such a tight race , " said the 33-year-old . "  It always seems to be tight when I 'm on the podium . I ca n't say I like it , it would have been better to be at the front of those few hundreds but it was a good race and I am happy to start with a podium . " Bode Miller was the highest placed American in 16th , 1.38 seconds off Paris ' pace with compatriot Steven Nyman finishing down in 19th a further 0.26 seconds back . Meanwhile across the border at Beaver Creek , Colorado , Switzerland 's Lara Gut continued her brilliant start to Olympic season with a win at the World Cup Super-G event . Read more : Gut claims first GS title The 22-year-old , who won the first women 's downhill race of the season on Friday , finished in a time of one minute 18.42 seconds with Austria 's Anna Fenninger taking second place 0.92 seconds behind with compatriot Nicole Hosp finishing third . Fenninger and Hosp 's teammate Elisabeth Goergl had originally finished second but was later disqualified for using the wrong width of skis . Last season 's overall women 's champion Tina Maze finished in 14th place , while Leanne Smith was the highest ranked American skier finishing 23rd . "  Everything is going so fast when you 're skiing super-G , so I ca n't really remember what happened , " said Gut who will look to complete a clean sweep of wins at Beaver Creek in Sunday 's giant slalom . "  I just tried to push on every gate , because it 's a really challenging course ... maybe I was pushing a bit too hard . " One woman who is n't pushing too hard just yet is Lindsey Vonn who delighted her fans on Thursday when she revealed on Facebook that she was back on the slopes following a fall in training earlier this month . "  First day back on snow since my crash and it was awesome ! " Vonn said . "  I 'm very thankful for many things this year  family , loved ones , great fans  but at this moment I 'm happy to be on the mountain doing what I love -- skiing !! Happy thanksgiving everyone ! " It was feared that the latest setback to the knee which required surgery and a lengthy layoff earlier this year would almost certainly rule Vonn out of defending her Olympic downhill title in Sochi . But the 29-year-old 's prompt return to training has raised the prospect of a far quicker return to competition , possibly next weekend as the women head to Lake Louise . Read more : Lindsey Vonn enjoys Thanksgiving back on the slopes Gallery : Shining a brilliant light on Norway 's frozen waterfalls	Italian Paris wins first men 's downhill of the season at Lake Louise Lara Gut wins Super-G in Beaver Creek following Friday 's downhill win Lindsey Vonn 's return to training raises prospect Olympic champion will race soon
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  The Indonesian military said Tuesday that it was stopping its efforts to recover the remains of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 almost a month after the commercial jet crashed into the sea . Indonesia 's search and rescue agency , Basarnas , will continue its work to try to retrieve bodies from the wreckage site in the Java Sea , the head of the agency , Bambang Soelistyo , said Wednesday . The military provided the majority of personnel and hardware involved in the recovery operation , which was hindered by bad weather and technical problems . "  We are really disappointed , " Imam Sampurno , whose four family members who were on the plane still have n't been found , said of the military 's announcement . "  We really hope the evacuation process is still going . " Basarnas said it would have 60 divers , eight salvage experts , seven boats , two helicopters and a fixed-wing plane taking part in the continued search efforts , which will resume Saturday after the teams take a rest . Flight QZ8501 went down on December 28 as it flew from the Indonesian city of Surabaya toward Singapore with 162 people on board . So far , searchers have managed to recover 70 bodies from the sea , leaving 92 still unaccounted for . Over the weekend , navy divers tried to lift part of the fuselage of the plane using wire ropes and giant balloons . But the attempts failed after lines attached to the wreckage broke . An effort to lift a smaller piece of wreckage was also unsuccessful , the military said . "  Our main priority is to find the bodies . We are not going to focus on lifting the fuselage , " Soelistyo said Wednesday about the future search plans . The chief of the Indonesian armed forces , Gen. Moeldoko , on Tuesday ordered the military teams involved in the operation to pull out , said military spokesman Manahan Simorangkir . Officials said that 19 of the 81 navy divers working on the recovery efforts had fallen ill with decompression sickness and would be taken for treatment at a hospital in Jakarta , the capital . "  I told them safety first . But as we know , soldiers , they are always working hard to find the bodies , " said Rear Adm. Widodo , commander of the Indonesian Navy 's western fleet . "  They are not thinking about safety but about doing their duty . " The divers have n't been able to see any more bodies inside the wreckage of the fuselage , Widodo said . Officials had previously suggested that many of the missing human remains might be found inside the fuselage . But Widodo said some bodies could be trapped or hidden under wreckage on the seafloor . Searchers have recovered at least 14 bodies from the fuselage site , including some that floated free during attempts to lift the wreckage , according to officials . Indonesian aviation investigators are still trying to establish why Flight QZ8501 went down in an area of heavy thunderstorms last month while other planes nearby completed their journeys safely . Investigators are looking at whether the aircraft 's flight augmentation computers  FACs  played a role in what went wrong , the news agency Reuters reported Tuesday , citing two unidentified people familiar with the matter . The FAC helps pilots with the stability and control of the aircraft , keeping it on course at the proper altitude and making sure adjustments to the rudder are smooth . It also warns pilots if they try to manually push the plane beyond its capabilities . Flight QZ8501 , an Airbus A320-200 , had two FACs , one serving as a backup . Indonesian officials have said the aircraft climbed rapidly before it fell into the water . The reason for the sharp ascent is unclear , but aviation analysts say the FAC could have recognized trouble and , at a critical moment , automatically shifted full control back to the pilots who may not have realized it amid the crisis . Investigators have submitted their preliminary report into the crash , officials said Tuesday . But authorities have said they do n't plan to release it to the public . Indonesian Transportation Minister Ignasius Jonan told CNN on Monday that the final report into the disaster should be published in less than a year . "  It wo n't be a year , that 's my promise , " he said . CNN 's Pamela Boykoff reported from Jakarta , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Saima Mohsin and Tom Foreman , and journalists Masrur Jamaluddin and Rudy Madanir contributed to this report .	Indonesia 's search agency says it will have 60 divers and 7 boats The military chief orders his teams to pull out of the wreckage area Investigators are reportedly looking at whether on-board computers played role in crash
Brisbane , Australia  CNN  -- Brisbane is more accustomed to drought than flood . For many years , residents were obliged to adhere to strict water restrictions during the long wait for rain . Daily updates were given as to how little water remained in dams that are now full to overflowing . Locals were encouraged to invest in their own water tanks to ease pressure on the system . The city 's residents were given specific days and times to water their gardens , according to their house numbers . Neighbors kept an eye out for wasteful practices and it was n't unheard of for people to sneak out under the cover of darkness to give their dying plants an extra drop . Just a few years later , the city has been inundated with water , amid warnings there is more to come . The rain has been pelting down for days if not weeks . Rain used to be celebrated here . Now people are praying for it to stop . The ground is so saturated it does n't take long for each downpour to start pooling and gushing towards already overflowing drains . The last time Brisbane experienced flooding on this scale was in January 1974 . Older residents remember when weeks of rain combined with the effects of a cyclone and exceptionally high tides to flood the city . Water washed into thousands of homes and 14 people died . Lessons from that disaster formed much of the preparation for this week 's flood warnings . A massive dam with a capacity of more than one million megaliters -- about the size of two Sydney Harbours -- was built at Wivenhoe , west of the city , to provide flood protection system . That dam is now full and authorities are releasing increasing amounts of water to ease pressure on its walls . Sandbags are being distributed to people who live in vulnerable areas . Evacuation areas are taking hundreds if not thousands of people who have followed advice to leave their homes . Long lines have been forming at supermarkets as people prepare for the days ahead . People are queuing not in rubber boots , but flip-flops , another sign this city is more accustomed to sun and heat than torrential rain . CNN iReport : High water closes roads in Ipswich , Queensland In the days after Christmas the people of Brisbane witnessed from a distance the devastating effort of floods further north in the state . And just two days ago , shocking scenes came from west of the city as a wall of water rushed through Toowoomba . Ten lives have been lost across Queensland in the flood and more deaths are expected among the missing . No one has yet estimated the final cost of the flooding to the Queensland economy . More than $ 200 million was spent in the aftermath of the 1974 flood but this time the cleanup bill is likely to be much higher . It has already been estimated that severe flooding in the state 's north could cost mining companies $ 2 billion in lost production . Many of those affected in regional areas are farmers . Crops have been washed away and livestock lost . The people of Brisbane are not only bracing themselves for the worst flooding in decades , but the inevitable rise in food costs and taxes as the state struggles to rebuild regional towns and support the farmers who have seen not only their homes but their livelihoods washed away . Whatever happens in the days to come , the events of recent weeks will result in a staggering challenge for both people who live far away from the city center , in rural areas of the state , as well as those who live and work in the heart of the city along the banks of the Brisbane River .	The Brisbane River is still rising , with water levels expected to peak on Thursday Floods feared to be worse than in 1974 , when thousands of homes were inundated , and 14 people died Change of weather a shock for residents more used to water shortages brought on by drought
CNN  -- Just as there are many choices of drivers , putters , balls , and other equipment ; there are just as many choices of golf instructors . Choosing the right golf instructor can help improve your game . The process of how you choose your golf instructor is as unique as your finger prints . However , just like there are certain things you want to know before choosing your doctor , there are certain items you should inquire of your instructor . Compatibility - It is your responsibility to insure that there is a fit between you and your instructor on all levels , personality type , mutual goals , similar outlooks on the game , and your instructor 's ability to relate to your individual needs . Before throwing a dart in the phone book under "  golf instruction " , research the professionals in your area . One way is to ask friends and playing partners for referrals of good instructors in your area . Ask them about pricing , reputation , location , and their improvement under the instructor 's tutelage . If you get along with your playing partners and the instructor does too , odds are you have found a fit . Then , call the instructor and ask if they have time to talk to you about your game and improvement goals . A good instructor will be happy to talk to you about your game , and get to know you as an individual , prior to helping you with your golf game . Accreditation and Experience - Does your golf instructor have the education and experience to take your game to any level you desire ? Many individuals claim to be golf instructors . Many of these individuals are self-proclaimed "  experts , " or had enough money to take a one to two week course on how to teach golf and make more money . In seeking a golf professional to help you with your game , insure that the individual has an active accreditation with the PGA or LPGA , or , has demonstrated an inarguable ability to help players of many levels improve through many years of practice . Other associations claim they produce golf instructors . However , these organizations have one focus , to make money , not to produce solid golf instructors . Inquire of your instructor their accreditation , as well as their education both on and off the golf course . Check with the LPGA or PGA websites to confirm your potential golf instructor 's accreditation with that organization , and , how much experience the instructor possesses . Inquire of the instructor 's philosophy and past success stories . If needed , ask for references of students from all skill levels that you can contact . Video - Video swing analysis has become a staple for all golf instruction . It is no longer an option . If you are paying for instruction that does not include video review of your game , you should reconsider why you are paying for golf instruction . Video , when used correctly , is a third pair of eyes  you and your instructor are first and second  . This is similar to a doctor using an X-Ray or M.R.I , to diagnosis a health issue . Your golf instructor should be using video in the same manner . Video should confirm the diagnosis to you , not the instructor . A good golf instructor has the ability to see the flaw first , and use his or her knowledge of that flaw to diagnose a cure or drill for you to practice to realize improvement . If your golf instructor is relying solely on video to tell what is happening in your swing , you will eventually lose trust in the instructor 's ability to help you . You would second guess a doctor 's ability to help you if he or she did not use their ability first and confirm their thoughts with tests . Then why would you rely on an instructor who is not "  practicing " golf instruction in the same manner ? Follow-up Communication - Your golf instructor should have a program available for you to utilize to ask questions , give feedback , receive follow-up instructions , schedule lessons , or make other inquiries after your lesson . Some instructors offer their phone numbers after hours . Others utilize the internet for follow-up and communication purposes . Regardless of what form of communication is available to you after the lesson , your instructor should be available , at no extra charge , within a reasonable amount of time , to answer your questions and take interest in your concerns .	Handy hints from the PGA to help secure the right golf coach for your game Personality type and mutual goals are crucial to get the best from a coach Check your instructor has the education and experience to improve your game Your instructor should be available , at no extra charge , to answer concerns
CNN  -- At least nine people were killed Thursday night in an explosion in the Nigerian capital city of Abuja , Nigerian authorities said . Manzo Ezekiel , a spokesman for the National Emergency Management Agency , told CNN that some kind of device exploded just after 8 p.m. . While security agencies cordoned off the area , response agencies said they moved injured victims to hospitals and bodies to the mortuary . Eleven unconscious victims received medical attention in different hospitals . The bus station was loaded with laborers on their way back home for the May Day holiday . Nigerian radio called for people to donate blood for those with injuries . Ezekiel said the blast happened about 100 meters from the scene of an April 14 explosion that killed 71 people . In that blast , about 130 people were hurt when a parked vehicle exploded in the Nyanya Motor Park bus station crowded with early morning commuters . Boko Haram 's leader claimed responsibility for the April 14 bombing . The Islamist militant group -- whose name means "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language -- has bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders . CNN 's Hassan John contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 9 killed in an explosion in Abuja , Nigeria Blast happened near site of April 14 explosion that killed 71 Another 11 unconscious victims got medical attention
New York  CNN  -- A former aide to Bernard Madoff , who faces charges related to Madoff 's massive Ponzi scheme , appeared Friday in U.S. District Court for a pretrial hearing . Annette Bongiorno , 62 , along with co-defendants George Perez , Daniel Bonventre and Joann Crupi , went before U.S. District Judge Laura Taylor Swain to address concerns about the right to a speedy trial . Bongiorno 's attorney , Roland Riopelle , said his client remains under detention at her Manhasset home on New York 's Long Island with all of her assets restrained . He added , however , that there has been a "  very preliminary discussion with the government to work things out . " Swain reduced Bongiorno 's bail to $ 3 million from $ 5 million a week ago . The charges against Bongiorno include conspiracy and tax evasion . Bongiorno turned herself in to the U.S. Marshals Service in Florida in December after a federal judge in New York rejected her bail , according to U.S. Marshals Deputy Wayne Pickering . Bongiorno had been approved for bail , but Swain later revoked that right over concerns of flight risk , given that she has access to millions of dollars , according to court documents . She is said to have managed investment accounts for some of Madoff 's largest and most important customers , including Carl Shapiro , Stanley Chais and Jeffry Picower , said Madoff 's secretary , Eleanor Squillari . "  Bongiorno  was running the accounts for the favored clients , " Squillari said . "  She really was the head of her department in the investment advisory part of the business . " The government previously filed civil complaints against Bongiorno and Crupi , both longtime Madoff employees who were supervisors of his "  back office " staff . The suits are intended to retrieve millions of dollars in assets -- including homes and luxury cars -- that the two allegedly received while involved in Madoff 's scheme . In December , Madoff 's son , Mark Madoff , committed suicide in his Manhattan apartment two years to the day after his father was arrested for swindling $ 50 billion from investors in the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history . Bernard Madoff pleaded guilty in 2009 and was sentenced to 150 years in prison . CNN 's Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	Bernard Madoff 's former aide Annette Bongiorno is under home detention The charges against Bongiorno include conspiracy and tax evasion Madoff was imprisoned for swindling investors in the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history
CNN  -- New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo went into hiding last week , canceling appearances and perhaps hoping that a blast of sharply negative press coverage -- triggered by a hard-hitting front-page New York Times story -- will somehow fade away . That was wishful thinking : The bad press is n't going to vanish anytime soon . Cuomo faces a crater-sized pothole in the road between the governor 's office at the state capital in Albany and the much more important , oval-shaped one in Washington that he dreams of someday occupying . And he has nobody to blame but himself . The Times published a trove of e-mails and interviews that show top Cuomo aides actively interfered with a high-level anti-corruption investigative panel -- in ways that benefited big-money donors to Cuomo -- even after Cuomo personally and repeatedly vowed the commission would be independent . When the anti-corruption commission issued a subpoena to a firm that prints and promotes campaign items , the governor 's top aide , Larry Schwartz , ordered the commission to drop the inquiry . "  Pull it back , " Schwartz told commission staff , according to the Times . Other supporters of Cuomo got similar protected treatment -- and Cuomo ended up abruptly disbanding the panel before its work was completed or a final report issued . After five days of silence , Cuomo announced -- at 11 p.m. on a Sunday -- that he would take questions Monday in Buffalo , far from the New York City media capital . In the course of answering reporters , Cuomo changed his story once again , claiming the commission had "  total independence , " a direct about-face from his office 's detailed 13-page claim that the investigation was always under full control of the governor 's office . That might seem like an obscure local matter , but New York -- including New York City , the media capital -- has been through a decade of nearly constant official corruption that shows no signs of slowing . In the last 10 years , more than 30 state officials have been indicted , convicted , censured or otherwise accused of financial or personal improprieties . One former governor , Eliot Spitzer , made national headlines by resigning after acknowledging hiring prostitutes , and his successor , David Paterson , was hit with a $ 62,000 fine for taking free tickets to a baseball game and lying about it . An ex-state comptroller , Alan Hevesi , recently completed 20 months in prison for taking $ 1 million in gifts from a financial operator seeking business from the state 's pension fund . And a depressing parade of state legislators have marched into prison year after year : They are a United Nations of chicanery : Republicans , Democrats , Irish , Italian , Jewish , black , Latino and Asian . One miscreant , former Assemblyman Brian McLaughlin  serving a 10-year sentence  stole from a local Little League team , among other organizations . Another thief , former Assemblyman Anthony Seminerio , got a dose of rough justice when he died inside the walls of a federal prison a few months into a six-year sentence for fraud . Before trying his hand at politics Seminerio had worked as a prison guard . Those highlights barely scratch the surface of a corruption problem that New Yorkers have stoically come to accept as the new normal . A recent poll finds that an astounding two-thirds of New Yorkers believe that state politicians "  do what 's best for them and their political friends and it never surprises me when another one gets indicted . " But Cuomo was supposed to be a cure for the culture of corruption ; he ran for governor with a vow to clean up Albany . And after years of failing to persaude the legislature to implement anti-corruption measures like meaningful contribution limits and a requirement to have legislators disclose all sources of outside income , Cuomo took the major step of creating a 25-member blue-ribbon panel to root out wrongdoing , called the Moreland Commission , that was led by two district attorneys . Cuomo repeatedly promised the commission would be independent , and that it could investigate anyone -- including the governor himself -- in service to the goal of uncovering and rooting out official corruption . But Cuomo broke his promise : As the Times story details , Cuomo 's aides frequently blocked action by the commission in a way that spared the governor 's allies and donors any public embarrassment . And despite a preliminary report indicating deep-seated problems in detecting or stopping corruption , Cuomo dissolved the panel after nine months without so much as thanking members for their service or requesting a final report . The panel had served its purpose , said Cuomo , by pressuring the legislature to pass a watered-down version of ethics reform that good-government groups ridiculed as ineffective . In response to the Times story , Cuomo 's aides prepared a 13-page masterpiece of doubletalk and hokum , arguing that the Moreland Commission could be disbanded at any time at the whim of the governor . That might be true in a narrow legal sense , but the governor is now being excoriated for falsely telling the public he had formed an independent panel . 4 reasons Christie keeps moving forward "  The governor is a liar and almost anything he promises will turn out to be false , " is how longtime columnist Fred Dicker of the New York Post bluntly put it . The Times was only slightly less direct , noting that "  It is up to the voters to decide whether to go on endorsing business as usual . ... New Yorkers will have to decide if their representatives are politicians they can trust , including Mr. Cuomo . " The worst skewering might have come from Jon Stewart of "  The Daily Show " on the Comedy Central channel , who ridiculed Cuomo mercilessly and dismissed the governor 's tortured explanation for dissolving the Moreland Commission as "  effing ridiculous . " A much less funny critique has been launched by U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara , who has vowed to pick up where Cuomo 's commission left off and continue searching for corruption in Albany . Along the way , Bharara is expected to investigate whether meddling by Cuomo 's staff broke any laws . No wonder Cuomo 's been ducking the press . But he ca n't keep it up forever . People have a right to know when powerful officials switch their tune in an election year . That goes double for early states in the presidential race , like Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina . It may be too early to speculate about whether Cuomo intends to run for president , but it 's safe to say that deep-sixing an anti-corruption panel looks like politics as usual , exactly what voters are telling pollsters they wo n't tolerate . Cuomo should take a page from his neighbor , Republican Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey , who has been far more adept at handling the more serious "  Bridgegate " scandal , in which thousands of commuters were subjected to paralyzing traffic jams for days on end , for what appears to be the pettiest of political reasons . Unlike Cuomo 's duck-and-cover strategy , Christie summarily sacked several close advisers , held a marathon news conference at which he answered dozens of questions , and hired a law firm to investigate his own conduct  an inquiry that , not surprisingly , cleared Christie  . The New Jersey governor is n't out of the woods by any means , but he continues to be a sought-after speaker on the GOP circuit and is still considered a contender for the 2016 presidential nomination . That 's more than anybody can say for Andrew Cuomo these days .	The Times found N.Y. Gov. Cuomo 's aides interfered with anti-corruption panel Errol Louis : Cuomo ran on anti-corruption platform , but created this scandal himself Louis : He has been ducking the press , but he will have to address this head on Louis : N.J. 's Christie handled his Bridgegate scandal with press conference , firings , probe
PADUCAH , Kentucky  CNN  -- The aunt of former U.S. soldier Steven Green told jurors tearfully Monday that "  We did not send a rapist and murderer to Iraq " as defense lawyers worked to save her nephew from a death sentence . Former U.S. soldier Steven Green has been convicted of raping and killing a 14-year-old Iraqi girl . Patty Ruth , a Texas elementary school principal , told a civilian jury about Green 's childhood as a reader who loved to be hugged by relatives . "  I do not know how we got to this spot , " Ruth said in emotional testimony . "  I do not know how this happened . " Green was convicted last week in U.S. District Court in Kentucky of murder , rape , conspiracy and obstruction of justice in connection with a 2006 rape-and-murder south of Baghdad . A jury found him guilty of raping a 14-year-old girl , then killing her and setting her body on fire to destroy evidence . Green also was found guilty of killing the girl 's parents and 6-year-old sister . He could become the first former U.S. soldier to face the death penalty for war crimes before a civilian court , where he was tried because he had been discharged from the military before his crimes came to light . Four other former soldiers are in prison for their roles in the crimes and the cover-up that followed . Green faces either death or life in prison without the possibility of parole . His fate will be in the hands of the jury by week 's end . The defense has presented relatives and medical professionals who have pieced together a picture of Green 's childhood as troubled and stressful . It included the breakup of his parents ' marriage , routine beatings to the point of injury by an older brother and being moved about through Texas by his mother . Ruth , the final witness scheduled by the defense , said that when the idea of the military came up for her nephew , she was unsure the Army would accept him . Even after he received a high school diploma through a correspondence course , she said , "  I could not picture or imagine how he could make it through basic training . " Ruth said when she saw a picture of her nephew before his September 2005 deployment , she knew he was n't "  Stevie " anymore , standing as tall as his father in the photo at Fort Benning , Georgia . When he returned from Iraq 11 months later , he was "  remarkably thin , " Ruth said , and she noticed circles under his eyes . Green and his father spent a night at the Ruth home , his aunt said , and she remembered him pacing the yard while smoking . He fell asleep wearing his fatigues , she said . When asked by the defense about the rape-murder plot that left an Iraqi family dead near Yusufiya , about 20 miles south of Baghdad , Ruth responded , "  He 's my Steve . You ca n't stop loving someone . " There were other family members in the court on Monday . Green 's father , John , an oil field worker from Midland , Texas , looked on quietly . He did not testify . Ruth , who is John Green 's sister , noted for the jury that Green 's mother is not at the trial this week . The mother is moving and had to attend a going-away party , Ruth said . Final arguments are expected Wednesday .	Steven Green in sentencing phase after being convicted of rape , murder Green found guilty last week of incident in Iraq while he was soldier Aunt : "  He 's my Steve . You ca n't stop loving someone "
CNN  -- As a psychiatrist , former university president and advocate for Arab women in science , Rafia Ghubash is one of the United Arab Emirates ' most influential women . But her latest project is possibly her most ambitious yet : creating the Middle East 's first museum dedicated to the achievements of women . The museum , Bait al Banaat , or House of Women , in Dubai was officially opened at the end of 2012 by Dubai 's ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , showcasing the contribution of women to the country 's history . "  Women here were empowered a long time ago , but have n't had a chance to tell our story , " said Ghubash . "  Do n't think because we are covered we are not empowered . "  Women here were not in the media , but they were economically engaged and running businesses . " The museum is the culmination of five years ' work for Ghubash , who financed the museum with $ 3 million of her own money . "  For me it was a full-time job but I had 20 volunteers of all nationalities working with me in their free time . It was nice to have people with different backgrounds involved , " she said . In searching for a home for the museum , Ghubash turned down a free site in Dubai 's official heritage district for an old house in the historic Gold Souk neighborhood she grew up in . "  I was looking for a place to build and I came across a very old house that I remember from childhood , " she said . "  It used to be called Bait al Banaat because three unmarried women lived there . Something about the name came to life for me . " Ghubash said her grandmothers ' generation contributed far more to the politics , economy , education and literature of the region than has been recognized . Arianna Huffington tells women : ` Less stress , more living ' The museum contains a room dedicated to the Emirati woman poet Ousha Bint Khalifa -- known as the Girl of Arabia , a gallery devoted to temporary art exhibitions , a collection of Arabian fragrances and oils , traditional jewelery and a women 's study center . "  It was very important for me to present the museum in the best way possible to attract a younger generation . I want them to enjoy their culture and heritage , " said Ghubash . Ghubash , 56 , has undertaken the museum project while taking a sabbatical from a career that led to her being listed 36th on Arabian Business magazine 's "  100 Most Powerful Arab Women " in 2011 . She grew up in Dubai in a family where she was encouraged to study . "  I came from a family where both parents made sure there were books available in the house , " she said . "  I had freedom to read and to think for myself . " Ghubash trained as a doctor at the University of Cairo and for a PhD in London , before returning to the United Arab Emirates as an assistant professor of psychiatry . In 2001 , she became president of the Arabian Gulf University in Bahrain , a post she retained until 2009 . She also founded the Arab Network of Women in Science and Technology , and served as its president for four years . "  My journey in life is very interesting , " she said . "  I was focusing on becoming a doctor and practicing as a psychiatrist . "  Recently , I found myself attracted to something different : history and culture . " Having achieved her goal in opening the museum , Ghubash is not content to rest and revel in the glory . She is already working on her next project to compile an encyclopaedia of women of the United Arab Emirates .	Rafia Ghubash spent five years working on Middle East 's first women 's museum Our grandmothers ' achievements are greater than recognized , she says Ghubash is former president of Arabian Gulf University
CNN  -- Hotel guests , be warned : Your bathrobes may be under surveillance . Linen Technology Tracking , a Miami-based company , recently patented a radio-frequency identification chip designed to keep real-time inventory of frequently misplaced or stolen goods . Three hotels -- in New York , Miami and Honolulu -- now use Linen Trackers , said William Serbin , the company 's executive vice president . "  After being in the industry for many years , I understand the challenges hotels face in monitoring linen , " he said . "  Any given month , they can lose 5 to 20 percent of towels , sheets and robes . That gets expensive with the rising cost of cotton . " Beyond policing freebie-hungry travelers , the chips help managers properly stock rooms and order supplies . "  Keeping track of everything is an arduous task , and there 's never been a clear system , " he said . "  The chips introduce accountability , make things easier . " It was an idea he considered when driving Florida 's toll roads . Sensors , a widely used automatic technology , made sure everyone paid and maintained order . Serbin pondered : How do we take a similar concept and make it waterproof ? "  We tweaked the technology , went through trial and error with different types of chips and put them in the correct place , " he said . "  Now , chip life exceeds 300 wash cycles . " And it works , Serbin said . Trackers have busted several robe and towel thieves , who were politely asked to return hotel property . "  It 's been phenomenal , " he said . "  The chips create a lot of conversation . When my friends travel , they 'll call and ask , ` Are you guys at my hotel ? ' "	Linen Technology Tracking has patented a towel-tracking RFID chip Three hotels currently use it , the company 's executive vice president said The chips prevent thefts and help managers keep rooms stocked
London  CNN  British police investigating a spectacular heist in the heart of London 's jewelry district said Friday they knew a burglar alarm went off but did n't respond . Southern Monitoring Alarm Company called the Metropolitan Police Service , also known as Scotland Yard , at 12:21 a.m. April 3 to report that the burglar alarm had been activated at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. , MPS said in a prepared statement . "  The call was recorded and transferred to the police 's CAD  computer-aided dispatch  system , " the statement said . "  A grade was applied to the call that meant that no police response was deemed to be required . We are now investigating why this grade was applied to the call . This investigation is being carried out locally . "  It is too early to say if the handling of the call would have had an impact on the outcome of the incident . " The theft was so big that police have n't come up with a value for what was stolen . Over the four-day Easter holiday , thieves broke into the vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. and might have been able to take as long as four days to rifle through the boxes . A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to # 200 million , or $ 300 million , in a remark widely reported by news media . Numerous British news organizations put the value of the loss in the hundreds of thousands of pounds . Detective Chief Inspector Paul Johnson of the London Metropolitan Police Flying Squad said police were still identifying the owners of ransacked safe deposit boxes and trying to contact them to learn what had been lost . The British tabloid The Daily Mirror claimed Friday to have obtained closed-circuit TV footage that captured the robbery being carried out . The video showed people inside the building dressed like utility workers with their faces covered . They carried large bags , what looked like drill equipment and other tools , then exited with trash bins . Toward the end of the video , a white van can be seen on a street during daytime with individuals loading back their gear and the trash bins . British police told CNN they have not released any video of the heist . When asked about the video published by the Daily Mirror , police said they could not confirm that it was footage from the Hatton Garden robbery and that officers have not seen that particular video . The Daily Mirror published time-stamped images it said showed that the thieves had been -- as was feared -- in the vault for days . The Mirror 's time stamps , which CNN has not been able to independently verify , show employees locking up for the weekend at 9:19 p.m. on Thursday . If the footage , and its interpretation by the newspaper are correct , at least six people were involved in the heist Just four minutes later , the first of the thieves , nicknamed "  Mr. Ginger " by the newspaper for his red hair , appears in the building holding a black bag . He goes downstairs toward the vault . At 9:27 p.m. , a street camera shows a white Ford Transit van pulling up to an alley beside the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit building . Men are seen dragging trash bins down the alley before the van drives away , leaving the men behind . Inside the building , at 9:30 p.m. , the camera records a thief nicknamed "  The Gent " for his natty clothing -- though he also wears a hard-hat and a high-visibility jacket labeled "  Gas " on the back . A minute later , "  Mr. Strong " appears , wearing a builder 's hat and carrying steel supports , which the newspaper speculates could have been used to support the diamond-tipped drill used to smash through the wall of the vault . At 9:36 p.m. , Mr. Strong and a thief nicknamed Mr. Montana for the logo on his hooded sweatshirt roll in trash bins , one of which might have contained , according the Mirror , the 77-pound drill that bored through the reinforced seven-foot concrete wall to reach the vault . It is unclear , but the thieves may have spent the night in the basement in or near the vault . At any rate , according to the Daily Mirror , no more activity is seen above ground until Friday morning , shortly before 8:00 . The white van returns , is loaded in two minutes , and drives off again . On Saturday evening , Mr. Ginger returns , two days after he was first seen . The newspaper says is wearing latex gloves and carrying a black sack . He goes downstairs toward the vault . Saturday evening also marked the first appearance of the Tall Man , who helped carry some of the loot out of the building . Early Sunday , Mr Ginger , the Tall Man and a robber nicknamed the Old Man are seen to be active . The Tall Man and the Old Man struggle to move a bin before they drag it outside . The Old Man leans on the bin , struggling for breath , and reveals the side of his face to the camera . A white van arrives by the alley and the men start loading equipment on it , including several trash bins . Three men get into the white van and , at 6:44 a.m. they are gone . The heist would not be reported to police for two more days , on Tuesday morning when employees of the company arrived for work . Police said Thursday there was no sign of forced entry . Johnson said the thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault through the shaft of an elevator that is used by several businesses in the building . The thieves disabled the elevator on the second floor of the building -- which would be called the third floor in the United States -- then climbed down the elevator shaft into the basement , he said . Once there , he said , they used a drill to bore through a 6-foot-thick wall and gain access to the vault where the safe deposit boxes were . People with knowledge of the area have speculated that cash and jewels were probably taken . Some jewelry businesses reportedly stored some of their jewels in the boxes rather than leaving it in their stores over the holiday weekend . Johnson said the scene in the vault remained chaotic as police continued their forensic examination . He said the floor was covered with dust and littered with safe deposit boxes and power tools . WATCH : Top five jewelry heists Johnson called the crime sophisticated and said there were a limited number of people in the United Kingdom capable of pulling it off . He said he had no idea whether the thieves were still in the country . Although there was no sign of forced entry to the building , the detective said , "  whether that involves inside knowledge will form part of the investigation . " Hatton Garden is a storied area in London and the heart of the city 's diamond trade . The area 's promotional website says it is home to "  the largest and most concentrated cluster of jewellery retailers in the UK " and has been for quite some time . "  History tells us that the old City of London had certain streets -- or quarters -- dedicated to specific types of business , " the website says . "  The Hatton Garden area has been the epicentre of London 's jewellery trade since medieval times . "  Today , it maintains its international reputation as the centre of London 's diamond trade . It is one of the finest and most renowned jewellery locations in the world . " How was $ 4.8 million in gold swiped from a North Carolina highway ? The website of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. says the company was founded in 1954 and offers a "  secure and cost-effective solution to store and protect important and irreplaceable personal belongings . "	British tabloid releases video it says shows the robbery being carried out British police say they did n't respond to a burglar alarm in jewelry district Police give no value of the amount taken in the heist in London 's jewelry district
CNN  -- Mind over matter ? Or nature over nurture ? What is it that separates Olympic legends like Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt and U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps from the millions of enthusiastic amateurs around the world ? Can training , dedication and the right mindset turn any sporting hopeful into a world-class athlete ? Matthew Syed , author of "  Bounce " and a former Olympic table tennis player , believes that an individual 's ability is secondary to the level of coaching they receive and the facilities to which they have access . "  I think the idea of talent is misleading and in many ways overrated , " Syed told CNN 's Aiming for Gold show . "  When I became English No. 1 , I thought I must be super talented . But the top players in the country at that time , 80 % of them did n't just come from the same town or the same suburb , but from the very same street . Olympic goal : A swimmer 's story "  There had n't been a genetic mutation -- we happened to have the best coach who gave us access to the only 24-hour club . "  So we practiced before school , after school , at weekends , on holidays . Over many years , we transformed ourselves from perfectly ordinary players into world-class players . " So does practice in itself make the world 's top athletes perfect ? Not necessarily , according to mental performance coach Andy Barton . "  Practice does n't make perfect , " he says . "  You only have to think of your handwriting for instance , how as you get older the more you write the worse you get . "  Only perfect practice will make perfect . To improve you have to be very specific about what you are aiming to do and target it . " It is a view supported by Syed , who suggests that the willingness of top athletes to push themselves further and further in practice pays dividends when it comes to high-pressure competition . "  It 's interesting , for example , that world-class ice dancers fall over more often in practice than intermediate ice dancers , which sounds paradoxical , " he said . "  The reason is they are always pushing themselves , they are attempting jumps that are at the outer limits of their capabilities . It 's a branch of science called ` epigenetics ' -- the brain is re-wired as we practice . " Once athletes have meticulously honed their skills , they should , in theory , have all the tools at their disposal to achieve success . But in high-pressure situations , even the greatest can crumble . What causes a footballer to crack under the nail-biting strain of a penalty shootout ? Or a tennis star to fall apart at match point ? "  The problem when you 're under pressure is you 're so nervous you start thinking consciously about the shot you are playing , " Syed says . "  You are intruding upon your subconscious competence , and that is what triggers the choking response . " So how can Olympians preparing for London 2012 ensure they are mentally ready to challenge for gold ? Barton suggested that imagining the crowning moment is almost as important as physically training for it . "  The thing about when we mentally rehearse something vividly , it actually fires up the same neurology in the brain as if we were really experiencing it . So on a certain level the mind can not differentiate between a vividly-imagined experience and reality . "  What we need to do is to create our own realities in our heads so you can imagine yourself in that Olympic final , for instance , performing how you want to perform . "  The more you actually do that , the more your body and mind get used to it , so when you come to the real thing , you 're more prepared . " So the next time you find yourself daydreaming of sprinting to 100 meters gold , do n't dismiss it -- it might just be vital preparation for your future Olympic success .	Experts tell CNN how practice and dedication can future gold medal winners Matthew Syed , author of Bounce , believes coaching and access to facilities are crucial Mental coach Andy Barton says imagining success can also help an athlete Barton says visualization can help athletes when it comes to top-level competition
CNN  -- Serena Williams shook off any rustiness after a month-long break from competitive tennis as she launched her quest for a sixth Miami title with a straight sets victory over Italian Flavia Pennetta . The world No. 1 has n't played since losing to Victoria Azarenka in the final of the Qatar Open on February 17 but made light work of her unseeded opponent winning 6-1 6-1 . Williams , a 15-time grand slam winner , pulled out of the Dubai Tennis Championships after her defeat in Doha complaining of a back injury but looked in good touch as she raced to victory in just under 80 minutes . "  I think I missed a few shots , but only because I think I was off footwork-wise , " she told reporters . "  But it 's always just good just to win a match and stay in the tournament and keep going . "  I felt like I should be putting the balls away for my opponent but she was so quick and she was running every ball down . " As for coming into the tournament as the world 's best player she said : "  It always feels better when you 're No. 1 . There 's nothing like when they announce you and they say , the No. 1 player in the world . "  It definitely gives you a little bit more confidence ... a little more pep in your step . I have a lot of matches to play . If I can just stay relaxed -- I really feel like I can do it , but , you know , I 'm sometimes my own worst enemy . " Defending champion and No. 4 seed Agnieszka Radwanska , from Poland , breezed into round three with a 6-3 6-2 victory over Taiwan 's Hsieh Su-Wei . "  I was happy to have a quick match , " Radwanska was quoted as saying on the WTA Tour 's official website . "  The first match is always a little bit tough and tricky , especially after Indian Wells , where we had a little bit of different conditions . "  It was a really special tournament for me because I was really playing a lot of good matches against top players and not even losing a set . "  I definitely have great memories from here . And the final was a very good match . Hopefully I can play the same level of tennis this year . I will do everything to hold the trophy again . " China 's Li Na , seeded fifth , was also making a return after spending six weeks on the sidelines with an ankle injury but she eased past Dutchwoman Kiki Bertens 6-3 6-1 . "  I was n't nervous before the match today , I was excited , " Li told the WTA Tour website . "  For the last six or seven weeks I have n't played any tournaments so I was happy to win my first match after such a long time . "  There were a lot of fans there to support me today , I was like , ` Wow ! ' My game was pretty good today , I followed the plan of what I should do . I just had to believe in myself that I could do it . " Petra Kvitova , the 2011 Wimbledon champion defeated China 's Peng Shuai 5-7 6-2 6-2 .	Serena Williams beats Italian Flavia Pennetta at Sony Open in Miami World No. 1 was playing her first competitive match since mid-February Fourth-seed and defending champion Agnieszka Radwanska into round three China 's Li Na of China and Petra Kvitova of Czech Republic also through
CNN  -- The anchor of MSNBC 's "  Way Too Early " apologized Tuesday for "  ill-advised " references to Mexicans and Cinco de Mayo . Thomas Roberts , who hosts the show from 5:30 a.m. to 6 a.m. , told viewers via Twitter that a segment that featured a correspondent in a sombrero swilling tequila was not intended to demean Mexicans . "  On Monday , Cinco De Mayo , ` Way Too Early ' made sarcastic references to the way some Americans celebrate the holiday , " he tweeted . "  It was not our intention to be disrespectful and we sincerely apologize for the ill-advised references . " The apology came after Hugo Balta , the president of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists , said in a written statement , "  This is simply the worst example I have seen of a discriminatory stereotypical portrayal of any community by any media . The fact that this was done by a news organization is abominable . This was n't a chance occurrence . This was a planned segment where many decision-makers at MSNBC 's ` Way Too Early ' program agreed on the content and execution which concluded on what was seen nationwide . " Balta added in a Skype interview with CNN en Espa  ol : "  It made me ashamed for the journalists , for this network MSNBC , to show a segment that is full of stereotypes about the Mexican community . " During several moments in the show on Monday , correspondent Louis Burgdorf appeared in a suit and tie and a sombrero . "  Happy Cinco de Mayo . Let me just take a shot here to get the thing started , " he said before appearing to take a drink . "  Ole ! " Later , Roberts was shown dancing with a maraca in one hand while there were margarita glasses and bottles of "  tequila " on his anchor desk . Burgdorf also popped into the closing shot , in which he apparently pretended to drink from one of the tequila bottles for several seconds as Roberts explained the background of the holiday . Roberts also will apologize Wednesday on the air , according to several media reports . How not to celebrate Cinco de Mayo Comedians on MSNBC show told to be funnier before joke about Romney 's adopted black grandson CNN 's Catherine Shoichet contributed to this story .	A correspondent wears a sombrero and drinks from a tequila bottle Anchor says the references were n't designed to poke fun at Mexicans President of Hispanic journalists in U.S. says he 's never seen worse depiction by media Thomas Roberts reportedly will also apologize during Wednesday 's broadcast
