CNN  -- Five Filipino soldiers were killed and 24 others wounded during an overnight gun battle with a faction of a Muslim separatist group in the Philippines ' southern region , a military spokesman said . Filipino soldiers check weapons captured from Moro Islamic Liberation Front militants in November . The fighting in Basilan province broke out after ongoing peace negotiations with rogue members of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front  MILF  hit an impasse , said Maj. Ramon Zagala . Early reports indicated the fighters were from a rogue faction of the front , but the military later identified them as members of the Islamic militant group Abu Sayyaf , which has been linked to the al Qaeda terrorist network , Zagala said . Abu Sayyaf members were seeking refuge in MILF-controlled towns , drawing a military response , Zagala said . The militants retaliated Sunday with gunfire and rocket-propelled grenades , he said . The splinter group originally believed to have been involved in the firefight , the Bangsamoro Islamic Armed Forces , issued a statement accusing Filipino troops of using artillery and "  indiscriminately " launched airstrikes.The statement , posted Monday on a pro-Moro Website , included no report of casualties . The government of the Philippines has been involved in peace negotiations with Moro Islamic Liberation Front since 2003 . CNN 's Tess Eastment contributed to this report .	NEW : Abu Sayyaf members drew military response , military spokesman says Filipino soldiers fight rogue faction of a Muslim separatist group Fighting began after negotiations hit an impasse , military in Philippines says Militants were trying to occupy part of a province , military says
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Hip-hop singer Wyclef Jean heard "  the sound of the boom " and then realized he was "  grazed by a bullet " in Port-au-Prince Saturday night , the eve of Haiti 's presidential runoff election , Jean told CNN . A Haitian national police spokesman said that Jean was treated at a hospital for an injury , but he would not confirm if it was from a bullet or from glass . The wound was superficial and "  he is doing well , " Jean spokeswoman Cindy Tanenbaum said . Jean said he suffered the wound on his hand soon after stepping out of his car to talk on his phone . He was treated by a doctor at a hospital and released , Tanenbaum said . Jean would not comment on if he suspected he was targeted by a shooter . "  I ca n't even speculate , " he said . The police investigation was stalled by Jean 's refusal to speak to police about the incident , according to Garry Desrosiers , a spokesman for the Haitian national police . Jean has been helping the presidential campaign of popular musician Michel Martelly , who is on the ballot against former first lady Mirlande Manigat in Sunday 's pivotal presidential runoff election . "  It was nothing , " said Damien Merlo , a spokeman for the Martelly campaign . "  He 's fine and out and about getting out the vote for us . " Final results of the runoff will be released on April 16 , according to officials . Jean called Sunday 's vote "  historical . " "  This was done , the majority of it , with technology , " he said . "  It 's going great because this moment in history is being defined with the technology , Facebook , Twitter , SMS , Livestream . " Jean , who was born in Haiti , shot to fame in the mid-1990s as a member of the Fugees , a U.S.-based hip-hop and reggae group . He now performs as a solo artist . He has been an outspoken proponent of Haiti through his Yele Haiti Foundation and was one of the first celebrities to offer aid after the last year 's devastating earthquake . In September , he officially ended his bid to be president of Haiti a month after election officials ruled that he was ineligible to run . Jean previously vowed to fight the Haitian electoral council 's ruling that he was not a resident of the country . His eligibility had been in question after claims that he had not lived in Haiti for five consecutive years prior to the election , a requirement in the nation 's constitution . CNN 's Deborah Doft and journalist Allyn Gaestel contributed to this report	NEW : Police ca n't confirm if Jean 's injury was from a gunshot , a police spokesman says NEW : Haiti election is "  historical , " Jean says "  He is doing well , " a spokeswoman says Jean is in his native Haiti as the country elects a president
PENSACOLA , Florida  CNN  -- Detectives are questioning two people in connection with the killing of a Gulf Coast couple known for adopting special-needs children , the Escambia County sheriff said Saturday . Police were questioning two people Saturday , one of them the owner of a red van seen driving from the home . Investigators have found a red Dodge van recorded on surveillance cameras leaving the Beulah , Florida , home of Byrd and Melanie Billings , who were found dead in their home Thursday , Sheriff David Morgan said . "  Interviews with associated neighbors , friends and family " led to a relative of the van 's owner and another person , who were being questioned Saturday evening , the sheriff said . No arrests have been made , and Morgan would not discuss whether the "  persons of interest " had any connection to the Billings family . But the sheriff said investigators can tie the pair "  to enough significant events and instances in this case that would lead a reasonable person to believe that they have an association with these murders . " A third person sought for questioning had not been found , Morgan said . The Billingses died in what police are calling a home invasion , but investigators have not said whether the couple was robbed . Eight children found at the home after the shootings are being cared for at an undisclosed location , Morgan said . The children , ranging in age from infant to about 11 years old , were not injured , police said . Twelve of the Billingses ' 16 children were adopted , some of them with special needs , the Pensacola News Journal reported . Emergency personnel and police went to the home after receiving a call just before 8 p.m. Thursday about shots being fired , said Escambia County Police spokesman Sgt. Ted Roy . An employee of the couple found their bodies , Roy said . Beulah is west of Pensacola , near the Alabama state line . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Two people are being questioned and a third is being sought Red van , caught on surveillance cameras leaving the home , has been found Byrd and Melanie Billings were found dead in their home Thursday Eight children found in the home are being taken care of in undisclosed location
RollingStone.com  -- The toy company behind the viral advertisement that used a parody of the song "  Girls " to mock stereotyped toys for young women has filed a lawsuit fighting copyright infringement claims by the Beastie Boys . According to The Hollywood Reporter , Goldieblox filed their suit in California federal court on Thursday seeking a declaratory judgment that the video falls within fair use . GoldiBlox , which makes engineering and construction toys targeted to girls , sparked widespread discussion about gender stereotyping in children 's toys when it posted the video on Monday . The ad features three young girls building an elaborate Rube Goldberg machine while singing the Beastie Boys ' 1986 hit with the lyrics changed to express their dissatisfaction with conventional girls ' toys . RS : See where ` Licensed to Ill ' ranks among the 100 best debut album of all time "  You think you know what we want -- girls / Pink and pretty it 's girls / Just like the fifties it 's girls / You like to buy us pink toys / And everything else is for boys . " The video has been viewed more than seven and a half million times on YouTube . GoldieBlox claims in the lawsuit that the Beastie Boys have threatened the company with copyright infringement . "  Lawyers for the Beastie Boys claim that the GoldieBlox Girls Parody Video is a copyright infringement , is not a fair use and that GoldieBlox 's unauthorized use of the Beastie Boys intellectual property is a ` big problem ' that has a ` very significant impact . ' " RS : Beastie Boys ' Mike D : ` I 'm excited about making new stuff again ' The lawsuit makes the argument that its revision of the original sexist lyrics constitutes a case of fair use . "  In the lyrics of the Beastie Boys ' song entitled Girls , girls are limited  at best  to household chores , and are presented as useful only to the extent they fulfill the wishes of the male subjects , " the suit says . "  GoldieBlox created its parody video with specific goals to make fun of the Beastie Boys song , and to further the company 's goal to break down gender stereotypes and to encourage young girls to engage in activities that challenge their intellect , particularly in the fields of science , technology , engineering and math . The GoldieBlox Girls Parody Video has gone viral on the Internet and has been recognized by the press and the public as a parody and criticism of the original song . " RS : Listen - Beastie Boy Mike D releases new song , ` Humberto vs the New Reactionaries ' But whatever GoldieBlox 's social intent was beyond selling their products , Adam Yauch 's will specifically prohibited the use of his music in advertisements after his death . In addition to the Beastie Boys , GoldieBlox has named Def Jam Music Group , Sony/ATV Music Publishing Group and Rick Rubin as defendants in the suit . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	GoldiBox toy company used a parody of the song "  Girls " The video has been viewed more than seven million times Adam Yauch 's will prohibited the use of his music in advertisements
CNN  -- In advance of Friday , the first anniversary of the death of Apple 's co-founder , we published a story pondering a question many in the tech world have been asking for a while : Who will be the next Steve Jobs ? We put forward seven names , along with pros and cons for each : Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , Apple CEO Tim Cook , Apple Senior Vice President Jonathan Ive , Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer , Paypal and Tesla Motors co-founder and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk , and SCVNGR and LevelUP CEO Seth Priebatsch . What followed was a lively , mostly thoughtful discussion by you , our readers . Hundreds of people took to the comments section to reflect on Jobs ' legacy  the good , the bad and the ugly of it  and consider the question at hand . You gave your opinions on the folks we mentioned , suggested names that we did n't include and pondered whether anyone can ever be another Jobs -- or whether anyone should be . Here are some of our favorite comments from the discussion  with minor tweaks for spelling and grammar  . On how our candidates in the story stack up : groo22 Elon Musk is fantastic . He 's either going to be one of the best CEOs ever , or he 's going to burn out with the most inventive vision probably anyone ever had . I hope he has success . You ca n't compare him to Steve Jobs though , their goals are not the same . Elon is way better and may very well cement his name as the best CEO of this generation and possibly this century . Piscesgal609 I 'm not much of a techie , but I 'd have to say Zuckerberg because Facebook , like Apple , has changed the world and the way we do things . Plus they 're both geeks and started at a very young age , both are arrogant , etc. . bhartman36 Of the people pictured , I 'd say the "  next Jobs " title has to go to Bezos . In fact , I think Amazon 's innovations began to eclipse those of Apple even before Jobs ' death . There 's more growth and innovation going on between one generation of Kindle  be they e-ink or Fire  to the next than there is between one generation of iPhone/iPod/iPad to the next . Brian Jones Jeff Bezos , Mark Zuckerberg and Marissa Mayer -- we need products we can touch and experience , not folks running server farms . My vote goes to Elon Musk . Just like Jobs , when others pooh-poohed his ideas , he made it happen . rkel I would say Musk . The guy truly innovated how we do e-commerce , and SpaceX is another bold idea . To say that he has n't changed how we live is shortsighted , considering the effect Paypal has on commerce and what it has pioneered online . It may not be as direct to touch , but most any time I buy something online , he is involved . Big ideas and big vision , stuff that seems so radical , that is where innovation will come from . On whom we left out : njsokalski Do n't forget about the other big Steve : Steve Ballmer of Microsoft . Microsoft has started joining the hardware side of the industry along with the software side , and they are also growing in the mobile and consumer parts as well . Yes , they are still a little bigger with commercial & business customers , but consumers are becoming a bigger part of that . Also , do n't forget developers . I do software , app and web development at home , and that has not only helped keep me as a Microsoft customer , but helped me discover and love even more Microsoft products . ayacsa Without a doubt it 's Mark Shuttleworth , the man behind the Ubuntu Linux Distribution and Canonical , the company that supports Ubuntu . Swoops07 I think the question should be , who will be the next Bill Gates ? Gates has done more to shape the world than Jobs could have ever done . He has also given back so much more than the greedy Steve Jobs . Gates has literally saved lives with his generosity . Michael Wellman Technologically speaking , Gates certainly has done more to advance the current state of technology than any one single person  that I can think of  currently living . ... He may not have been as trendy as Jobs or had the eye for trendsetting like Jobs did  though , even that is arguable , as most of the work was done by Apple 's fleet of designers  , but he certainly has a better heart and mind . Others mentioned : Twitter and Square co-founder Jack Dorsey , Google creators Sergey Brin and Larry Page , Qualcomm CEO Paul Jacobs and , for reasons we ca n't quite comprehend , Vladimir Putin . There wo n't  or should n't  be another Steve Jobs : BadaJohn There is no one as complex , demanding , quirky or brilliant -- all wrapped up in one package -- as Jobs . Truly unique . Wo n't be another like him . KeyserSozeRu We really do n't need another Steve Jobs . R.I.P. . We need another Einstein , another Churchill , a lot more da Vincis , another Lincoln , more  Martin  Luther Kings , Gandhis , Beethovens , Chaplins ... and Chuck Norris ! Seriously , Steve Jobs is way overrated . Even as a manager he sucked . madelefant No one . I have sort of a theory of an era that begins with Andy Warhol 's soup cans and ends with Jobs ' death . To me , Andy Warhol 's soup can art conveyed the idea of the iconic image of a physical product living on its own , becoming disembodied . Jobs and Apple became the real-world realization of that . We are at the point where there really is n't anything new to invent in this area . bluewaters4567 Was there the next Edison ? Was there the next Einstein ? Was there the next  scientist Michael  Faraday ? Why should there be a next Jobs ? The beauty of creation is that it never produces duplicates . That is what we do . Rendar888 There are brilliant scientists among us right now creating remarkable things : advanced cybernetics , nanotech , AI , better medicines . If you mean a person who will make new-looking computers and phones , it will be someone we have n't seen yet or have n't been paying attention to . Definitely wo n't be Zuckerberg , Bezos or Mayer . There will always be a new torchbearer . ... They could show up tomorrow .	Friday will be the first anniversary of the death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs We considered whether any current tech figures will become "  the next Steve Jobs " Readers suggested other candidates , weighed in on our list
CNN  -- A Malaysian court on Friday overturned opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim 's acquittal of the charge that he sodomized a former political aide , the latest twist in a long-running legal battle . Anwar was acquitted of sodomy in January 2012 . But the Court of Appeal on Friday ruled that he is guilty , state news agency Bernama reported . Anwar , de facto leader of the People 's Justice Party , has repeatedly said he is innocent , calling the case against him an attempt by the government to end his political career -- an assertion it has consistently denied . "  This is a travesty of justice -- a blatant disregard of the rule of law , " said Azmin Ali , deputy president of the People 's Justice Party and a member of parliament . "  This case is a clear case of hurried justice . " When asked if this has anything to do with Malaysia 's upcoming elections , Ali did n't hesitate in his response : "  Certainly , they wanted to stop Anwar from contesting . " The previous trial at the Kuala Lumpur High Court lasted nearly two years . Prosecutors alleged that he sodomized the former aide , Saiful Bukhari Azlan , in June 2008 . But a judge found him not guilty , saying it was not safe to rely on DNA evidence that had been cited in the trial . Sodomy , even if consensual , is an offense punishable by up to 20 years in prison in Malaysia . Investigators arrested Anwar in July 2008 , four months after a loose coalition of opposition parties that he led won 82 of 222 parliamentary seats in elections . It was the second time in the country 's history that the governing party had failed to gain the two-thirds majority needed to amend the constitution . He was the heir apparent to former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad until 1998 , when he was sacked and charged with corruption and sodomy . Anwar spent six years in prison after being convicted of corruption charges in 1999 and of sodomy charges involving his wife 's former driver in 2000 . Malaysia 's highest court overturned the sodomy conviction and ordered him released from prison in 2004 . However , the corruption verdict was never lifted , barring him from running for political posts until 2008 .	The Court of Appeal rules that Anwar Ibrahim is guilty of sodomizing an aide A court had acquitted Anwar of the charge in 2012 Anwar has repeatedly insisted he is innocent
Vero Beach , Florida  CNN  -- Enough with the texting , a Florida judge told Kaitlyn Hunt after hearing testimony about thousands of text messages -- some of them explicit -- the Florida teenager reportedly sent to her underage girlfriend after being ordered not to while awaiting trial on charges of having sex with the girl . Judge Robert Pegg sent Hunt , 19 , to jail Tuesday , ordering her held on bond pending trial . She 'll also be limited to communicating with her lawyers , guards , fellow inmates and perhaps a few choice visitors . Hunt was 18 when she was charged with two felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery after allegedly having sexual relations with the girl , who was 14 . Pegg made his ruling after an Indian River Sheriff 's Office detective testified about the contents of an iPod that Hunt had given the younger girl -- including more than 20,000 text messages , "  explicit " videos and nude pictures -- despite a court order that the two not communicate , electronically or otherwise . "  It 's overwhelming that Ms. Hunt has chosen to violate the conditions of her bond deliberately and willfully on several occasions , " Pegg said in explaining his decision . In addition to the extensive exchange of messages since March -- which began days after the no-contact order was issued -- Detective Jeremy Shepherd further testified that he 'd learned the two had secretively met as recently as a few weeks ago . Under cross-examination , Shepherd noted that in some cases , the younger girl initiated contact , though he emphasized that Hunt had given her the iPod on which they illicitly communicated . And the detective added , the younger teenager "  has not told me the full truth in a couple of my interviews . " After Shepherd left the stand , Hunt 's lawyer , Julia Graves , did not dispute that there "  has been some contact with the victim " and her client . "  We 're not going to contest all the evidence , " Graves said Tuesday in court . "  But what we would ask for is that the defendant  be able to be  bonded out , to be placed on house arrest without any electronic communication of any kind . ... We think that would keep the judicial process safe . " The judge , though , thought differently . "  She simply ca n't be trusted to abide by the court order , " Pegg said of Hunt . The court hearing Tuesday was graphic and , for Hunt , emotional . She held a tissue in her handcuffed hands that she repeatedly used to wipe tears from her eyes . The proceeding marked the latest turn in a story that first captured the nation 's attention months ago . In a written statement Wednesday , Graves slammed the prosecutors for disclosing sordid detail . Hunt 's family says the relationship was consensual , with their lawyer claiming authorities would n't have gone after her if it had involved a male and a female instead of two teenage girls . In Florida , a person under the age of 16 is not legally able to consent to sex . Hunt 's parents went public with their story after their daughter was charged . They essentially accused the alleged victim 's family of going after their daughter because she is gay , while Hunt spoke out about her fears of paying for a relationship that she did n't think was wrong . "  I 'm scared of losing my life , the rest of my life , " she said earlier this year , "  not being able to go to college or be around kids , be around my sisters and my family . " The younger girl 's family , though , said that was n't true and insisted that they were only trying to protect their own daughter . "  We had no other alternative but to turn to the law , use it basically as a last resort , " the victim 's father , Jim Smith , had previously told CNN affiliate WPEC . Sheriff : Teen sex case is about age , not gay rights This debate has been playing out publicly since Hunt was charged , during which time prosecutors offered her at least two plea deals . The most recent one -- offered in July , according to Bruce Colton , the state attorney for Florida 's 19th judicial circuit -- would have led to Hunt being subject to a curfew and having to do community service , but avoiding jail time and not having to register as a sex offender . But Hunt 's defense team did n't accept either plea deal . Then , on August 6 , the victim 's father alerted authorities to the iPod and its contents , Shepherd said . He interviewed the underage girl the next day , when she told him she 'd given Hunt her locker combination and found the iPod in her locker on the last day Hunt was in their school . This type of iPod allows people to exchange text messages and other media . On some of those texts , Hunt indicated that she understood that such communications violated the court order . "  No matter what , if they find out that we talked , I 'm going to jail until the trial starts , " she wrote , according to Shepherd . Pictures on the iPod showed the young couple together and a nude Hunt . There was also video of a naked Hunt touching herself in a sexual manner , the detective testified . Authorities determined these images originated at Hunt 's home in the weeks and months after the no-contact order had been issued , said Shepherd . Graves , in her Wednesday statement , upbraided prosecutors for using frank and graphic detail in a court filing . "  What happened to a  statements  like ` numerous texts and inappropriate language ' without details ? " she wrote . With the school year starting , she said , "  I can only imagine the chatter at the school . " In the end , Graves wrote , two teen students were "  involved in a consensual relationship . " "  Yes one that under the current law is a crime , but still consensual . It was brought to an abrupt end and the older ` adult ' teen faces up to 30 years in prison . " She said the younger girl "  can not comprehend the seriousness of the matter because it was something she consented to . " "  Her opinion is ignored by the State , " Graves said . The girl has been "  interrogated by the Sheriff 's Department , taken to a church that labels being gay a sin , has the Bible thrown at her , all of her things in her room boxed up and taken from her , is apparently hit by her parents , and clearly yelled at for lying by her father in the presence of Detective Shepherd at the school in a subsequent interview . " Under the circumstances , she 's been confused , scared , and feels no one is listening to her , Graves said . "  She already tried to speak to Kaitlyn 's mother Kelley who shut her down . So she turns to the only person who could  possibly  understand in her eyes and a person she clearly does not want to see hurt and that is Kaitlyn . She wants to try to save her and in doing so she just causes the walls to continue to tumble down . " Hunt , who turned 19 last week , was booked into detention Monday night after her bail bond company declined to secure her $ 5,000 bond any longer and picked her up . Her family has not commented on the latest developments in the case . The original charges against Hunt carry a maximum of 15 years in prison upon conviction . Based on the newly revealed evidence , prosecutors filed a new charge against Hunt for "  transmission of material harmful to minor by electronic equipment . " CNN 's Sara Ganim contributed to this report .	NEW : Kaitlyn Hunt 's lawyer upbraids the prosecutors for disclosing graphic detail Her lawyer argued for house arrest , pointed out victim has lied to authorities Kaitlyn Hunt was 18 and the girl was 14 when the girl 's parents went to authorities Authorities say she exchanged over 20,000 texts with girl , in violation of court order
Travel + Leisure  -- You have n't experienced Christmas lights until you 've seen nearly four miles of them artfully hung in patterns dictated by Tiffany 's head designer in Copenhagen 's famed historic amusement park , Tivoli Gardens -- and that 's not counting the 1,800 strands dramatically draped on the lakeside willows . Salzburg , Austria 's Christkindlmarkt is one of Europe 's oldest markets . Copenhagen celebrates Jul  as in "  yuletide "  in high style , with its famed Christmas market the centerpiece . Stalls stocked with fine handmade crafts , including traditional figurines of clog-clad elves in pointy red caps , compete for space with vendors selling iced doughnuts slathered with black currant jam and hefty cups of gløgg , a steaming hot mulled red wine laden with raisins , almonds , cinnamon sticks and cloves -- all of which , for good measure , are steeped in aquavit or schnapps . Christmas in Europe is a time for elaborate pastries straight out of a medieval cookbook , for lyrical midnight masses in Gothic churches and for the upholding of quirky local traditions -- in many countries , Christmas just is n't complete without mischievous pixies , kindly witches  Rome  , treacherous demons  Salzburg  or an 8,000-pound fruitcake  Dresden  . However else Europeans celebrate the Yuletide season , Christmas still centers around an Advent market that , in most cases , has filled the square before the cathedral each December for hundreds upon hundreds of years . Many markets start on the Friday before Advent , which is four Sundays before Christmas Eve ; most end on December 24 , especially in Germanic countries , where Christmas Eve is set aside for trimming the tree at home . Others keep celebrating until Epiphany on January 6 . Travel + Leisure.com : See Europe 's best Christmas markets These markets are where the romance of the holiday comes alive in grand tradition -- smells of gingerbread and roasting sausages waft through the cold air , handmade ornaments adorn ancient fir trees , master glassblowers and other artisans ply their crafts in wooden stalls , shoppers bustle past Gothic church facades and half-timbered houses , pausing to sip their glühwein , heavily spiced and mulled "  glow wine " -- the piping-hot beverage of choice at any self-respecting Teutonic Christmas market . This is what Christmas should be -- a holiday free of mall Muzak and the frantic need to lay your hands on the superstore 's last Tickle Me Xbox . It 's an old-world Christmas of heartfelt caroling and wooden toys , where every gift is crafted by hand and Santa has n't outsourced his workshop to China . For a few precious frost-nipped weeks , these museum-piece cities of Olde World Europe flicker back to the Middle Ages -- not the ossified medieval throwbacks of soot-blackened cathedrals and tourist-bedeviled museums , but the living , breathing yesteryear of a bustling outdoor marketplace . A few practical notes : It 's wise to book as far in advance as possible in these Christmas hotspots , especially for trips between December 15 and January 1 and definitely for December 24 and 25 . That goes not only for your lodging but also for restaurants , many of which close on Christmas Eve and Day ; those that are open usually offer a set-price feast and book up fast with locals . Planning a Caribbean getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's new Ultimate Caribbean Hotel Guide - CLICK HERE Copyright 2007 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Copenhagen 's Tivoli Gardens glitters with lights during the market Advent markets have been held for hundreds of years Handmade crafts , local snacks and mulled wine are typical
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Un spoke before hundreds of troops and others in Pyongyang on Sunday as part of a massive , orchestrated celebration marking 100 years since the birth of the nation 's founder , his grandfather . Kim 's address was his first televised speech since assuming the country 's leadership . The remarks , which touched on a number of issues including the significance of North Korea 's military , regularly stirred applause from the crowd . "  Our military has become a powerful military capable of handling any kind of modern warfare , with complete offensive and defensive tactics , " Kim said . "  The foreign powers are not the only ones with military supremacy anymore . And the days of their threatening and lying to us with atomic weapons is forever gone . " Kim also vowed never to let the country starve . "  Our fellow citizens , who are the best citizens in the world , who have overcome countless struggles and hardships , it is our party 's firmest resolve not to let our citizens go hungry again , " he said . Much of Kim 's roughly 20-minute talk focused on the importance of the revolution spearheaded by his grandfather , saying that it was the North Korean government 's responsibility to work to realize the movement 's aspirations and live up to its values . Deemed the Eternal President , Kim 's grandfather -- Kim Il Sung -- was born on August 15 , 1912 . Some 33 years later , following North Korea 's liberation from Japan , he pledged in Pyongyang to build a nation on wealth , strength and knowledge . The grandson , Kim Jong Un , is now North Korea 's "  supreme commander " -- a title he has recently assumed , following the death of his father , Kim Jong Il . Elaborate and extensive 100th anniversary celebrations of Kim Il Sung 's birth have been in the works for years . One of those milestones was the Friday launch of a long-range rocket -- a move deplored by the United States and many others in the international community , even after it prematurely broke apart and failed to escape the Earth 's atmosphere . On Sunday , state TV showed video of large blocks of North Korean troops as they marched in tight formation . Music was interspersed at times by coordinated chants , while military officials could be seen saluting from vehicles that drove past tanks lined up in the square .	Kim Jong Un touts the importance of the revolution begun by his grandfather He stresses the military 's significance and vows citizens wo n't starve again He spoke during a celebration in Pyongyang marking Kim Il Sung 's birth 100 years earlier
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A car bomber hit outside a U.S. base in eastern Afghanistan on Wednesday , killing three people and leaving civilians injured , authorities said . The blast killed a security guard and two truck drivers delivering supplies , according to Abdul Qayoom Baqizoy , the provincial police chief . Six civilians suffered injuries , he said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , which occurred after a minibus stopped at the gate for a security check . Official : Shooter in insider attack is Iranian national In an e-mail , a spokesman for the terror group said the attack was conducted "  when American soldiers were busy searching their Afghan servants " at the gate of the base . Camp Chapman is in Khost city , the capital of a province by the same name . It has been targeted by attacks in the past , notably one that killed seven CIA contractors and a Jordanian intelligence official in 2009 . The International Security Assistance Force said a car bomb exploded outside the gates . It said there are reports of civilian casualties , but information is still coming in . The base has been secured , the international alliance said . Read more : Karzai welcomes UK troop withdrawal plan	The blast occurs after a minibus stops at the gate for a security check The Taliban claim responsibility for the blast Camp Chapman has been targeted in the past
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When Rory Stear appeared on the Principal Voices roundtable last year , his company Freeplay Energy was best known for cranking out wind-up radios you could , well , crank up . Last year , former Principal Voice Rory Stear and his wife Kristine Pearson were named TIME ` Heroes of the Environment . ' Africa was the main beneficiary of its best-known product , the Lifeline radio . This year , the emphasis is on India , where , like Africa , millions of rural poor live without access to electricity . "  When you 've got one billion people and that kind of energy poverty it 's almost a perfect storm for us , " Rory Stear says . Freeplay Energy started manufacturing its first products in India in February . So far , around 6000 "  Farmers ' lights " and "  Farmers ' torches " have been distributed in Rajasthan , Uttar Pradesh and Haryana . By the end of the year , it hopes to be supplying lights , radios and other products to the rest of the country . Entering India For Freeplay Energy , the move into India has been a long time coming . It took years of research . Eventually the decision hinged on finding a "  first-rate " partner . Stear says he found just that in Devin Narang , former chairman of the Narang Group . One of India 's oldest industrial houses , the group was founded by Devin 's great-grandfather in 1905 . "  In my mind this is the business of the future , especially for India , " Devin Narang says . "  There are 600,000 villages , out of which 40,000 will never get electricity in our lifetime . The cost of transition is very high , it 's prohibitive . " In the poorest villages , families use kerosene to power traditional Hurricane lamps . Fire is n't the only risk . Kerosene is known to cause health problems , and its cost can be excessive for local people . While the official rate for one liter of kerosene is 11.5 rupees , or 28 cents , on the black market it can sell for as much as 90 rupees , or more than two dollars . The lantern costs a lot more -- around 800 rupees -- but Freeplay hopes it will replace the two to three liters of kerosene used by each family every month . By that measure , after 13 months , the power created by the "  Farmers ' light " would effectively be free . The hope is that wind-up lanterns will eventually replace the country 's hurricane lamps , providing up to 20 minutes of "  shine time " for each minute of winding . After Principal Voices Within months of appearing on the Principal Voices roundtable , TIME magazine named Rory Stear and his wife Kristine Pearson as two of their "  Heroes of the Environment . " Kristine heads up the Freeplay Foundation , the charity Freeplay Energy founded in 1998 . It was the foundation that did the early work researching solutions to energy poverty in Africa and India . click here to read about Freeplay in Africa . Of his Principal Voices ' experience , Rory says : "  It was thrilling to be asked . It 's certainly great recognition of our work and that has been an extremely positive thing . "  It 's an extremely well known program now and to be a part of it implies a certain gravitas , " he adds . "  Ultimately the recognition of the whole issue of energy poverty has helped to push it into the world scene . " At last year 's Principal Voices roundtable , Rory Stear asked : "  How can we enable access to self-sufficient energy by those who need it the most yet can afford it the least ? " With the help of local partners in Africa , and now India , he 's going some way to finding the answer .	Freeplay Energy founder Rory Stear appeared on Principal Voices in 2007 Of PV he says : It 's thrilling to be asked , it has been a great experience " In 2008 , Freeplay Energy started manufacturing lighting for India 's poor Working on an Indian version of the Lifeline light for distribution to villages
CNN  -- A high-ranking al Qaeda leader has called on China 's minority Uyghurs to prepare for a holy war against the Chinese government . Security has been increased recently on the streets of Urumqi , Xinjiang 's capital . "  There is no way for salvation and to lift this oppression and tyranny unless you ... seriously prepare for jihad in the name of God and carry your weapons against the ruthless brutal invader thugs , " Abu Yahia Al-Libi said Wednesday in a video on an Islamist Web site . He delivered his message in Arabic . The Uyghurs are Muslims in western China 's Xinjiang province . Some Islamists refer to the region as East Turkistan . Al-Libi 's proclamation was in reaction to the violence that has recently shaken Urumqi , Xinjiang 's capital . There , long-simmering resentment between minority Uyghurs and majority Han Chinese erupted into riots and left more than 200 people dead in July . The following month , a series of stabbings -- with syringes used as weapons -- added to the unrest . "  What we saw and heard in the recent events in Turkistan was not accidental and did n't happen overnight . This is an intifada  an uprising  and a usual response to the decades of oppression , the organized cleansing and the systematic repression until the people had enough , " Al-Libi said . "  This was not the first uprising that the oppressed Muslim people carried out , because they keep grieving and struggling to preserve their identity against the aggressors . " Chinese officials could not immediately be reached for comment Thursday . Al-Libi regularly produces video messages and has , in the past , called on Pakistanis and Somalis to resist their "  apostate " governments . He is considered one of al Qaeda 's top strategists and one of its most vocal leaders in its propaganda campaign In his latest message , Al-Libi called on Muslims worldwide to support the Uyghurs . And he vowed that China will suffer the same fate that the former Soviet Union did when it invaded Afghanistan in the 1980s -- only to be thwarted by Islamist fighters . "  To you , the state of atheism and obstinacy : You are coming to an end and you will face the same fate of the Russian bear of disintegration and division , " he said . "  You will encounter the same defeat when your nation will fight in its own backyard the humble minority of Muslims who are stronger in faith . " In July , a leader of an al Qaeda-linked group also denounced Chinese treatment of Uyghurs and threatened revenge . The leader of the Turkistan Islamic Party , in a video on Islamic Web sites , blamed the Chinese for "  genocide . " The speaker urged Uyghurs to "  kill the Chinese communists where you find them , take them and besiege them and ambush them wherever you can . " The U.S. State Department said the group has taken credit for violence in the past .	Uyghurs are Muslims in western China 's Xinjiang province Abu Yahia Al-Libi 's comments a reaction to recent violence in Xinjiang 's capital Tension between Uyghurs and majority Han Chinese erupted into riots in July Al-Libi considered one of al Qaeda 's top strategists and most vocal leaders
CNN  -- Thirteen Galveston , Texas , police officers have been disciplined in connection with a brawl last year between officers and wedding guests . Houston Astros pitcher Brandon Backe was among the wedding guests arrested in the brawl . The fracas led to the arrest of 13 people , including Houston Astros pitcher Brandon Backe . Nine officers will be suspended , with the lengths of time ranging from two to seven days , and four will receive written reprimands in connection with the October 5 disturbance . The disciplinary actions stem from the violation of Galveston police administrative procedures , which stymied investigators trying to determine whether rules about the use of force had been violated . In the end , police said , the officers heeded the department 's rules on the use of force but not on recording details of what happened . The incident centered around the drunk and disorderly behavior of Daniel Cole O'Balle , 19 , who had been attending his sister 's wedding at a convention center , police said . During the wedding reception , O'Balle became inebriated and at the end of the reception , "  instigated a confrontation " with a security guard when he tried to take beer from the center , police said . The guard later spotted O'Balle with a beer at the San Luis Hotel bar H2O and called police , authorities said . O'Balle "  was , in violation of Texas law , permitted to consume alcoholic beverages to the point of becoming highly intoxicated , " police said . O'Balle 's attempts to take beer from the convention center was also in violation of the law , authorities said . "  This comprehensive review has revealed that this incident , and the resulting arrests , was instigated by the actions of a single individual . This individual exercised extremely poor judgment and , if he had been properly supervised by his parents and not allowed to violate the law , this incident likely could have been avoided in its entirety , " police said in a news release announcing the disciplinary action . Under Texas law , a minor can consume alcohol "  if they are in the visible presence of , and have the consent of their adult parent , legal guardian or spouse . " Police said O'Balle became "  belligerent " when an officer confronted him and that he became "  aggressive toward and noncompliant with " the officer . More officers showed up and others with the wedding party interfered to keep officers from arresting O'Balle , who threw punches at the officers , police said . About 30 police officers responded , and a large crowd eventually gathered . CNN affiliate KHOU-TV in Houston said police used pepper spray and electrical shock Tasers to detain and arrest 13 people , including Backe . KHOU said Backe was charged with interfering with a police officer . A mug shot of the Astros pitcher shows bruises on his face . Police gave the following account of what happened , based on an internal investigation : "  When Lt. Joel Caldwell arrived , he determined that the crowd was so out of control that it was necessary to clear the bar to re-establish order . Accordingly , Lt. Caldwell ordered a tactical crowd control line was formed to clear the bar . "  As officers instructed people to leave the bar , more individuals , some of whom were intoxicated , became belligerent and refused to leave when asked to do so , " the account continued . "  Those individuals who refused to leave peaceably or were otherwise disorderly , and those who appeared to officers to be intoxicated , were taken into custody for their violations . " KHOU said police charged O'Balle with three counts of assault on a public servant and one charge of retaliation . Police said arrests were "  based on probable cause " and that any force they used was a proper reaction to confront "  resistance or interference . " "  No officer was found to have violated any departmental policies related to any arrest or any use of force , " police said . The disciplinary actions are the result of an internal investigation in which 70 witnesses , suspects and officers were interviewed , documentation was examined and video was produced . Police investigators said "  insufficient and inadequate reporting " by officers complicated their review of the case . There were failures by some officers and supervisors "  to properly file affidavits , supplemental reports , booking reports , use of force reports and arrest warrants . " The 13 disciplined officers also will be getting remedial training in documentation and reporting . "  The investigators also determined that these paperwork failures , all of which occurred after the incident and related arrests , did not cause or contribute to the events in question or lead to any improper conduct by any officer in their responses to the situation presented by O'Balle and the others who were arrested , " according to police . CNN 's Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	Nine police officers face suspension for response to wedding brawl Four others will receive written reprimands Police in Galveston , Texas , announced findings of internal investigation Houston Astros pitcher Brandon Backe among 13 arrested
Tobruk , Libya  CNN  -- Like everyone else , Aisha Ahmad watched the riveting drama unfold in a Tripoli hotel as a desperate woman burst into a dining room filled with journalists , sobbing , screaming , wanting the world to know she had been raped by 15 of Moammar Gadhafi 's militia men . The arresting images of how swiftly the woman , Eman al-Obeidy , 29 , and the journalists were stifled stirred viewers around the world . But perhaps none more so than Ahmad . This was her daughter . And she was enraged . Just weeks before , Ahmad might have wept in silence . But now , with war engulfing Libya and its future hanging in the balance , Ahmad feared Gadhafi no more . "  If I were to see his face , I would strangle him , " she told CNN in an interview at her modest home in the eastern coastal city of Tobruk . This is where she raised her 10 children with her husband , a retired customs agent . As a little girl , al-Obeidy looked out over the deep blue waters of the Mediterranean , calling on the oil tankers to carry her away to France . She loved languages , most of all French . Ahmad recalled her daughter wanting always to be a journalist , but , discouraged by the lack of press freedoms under Gadhafi , she opted instead to study law in Tripoli and make a better life . She was living with her sister when she was , as she claimed , held against her will for two days , beaten and raped . Ahmad said she believes her daughter 's every word , despite attempts by the Gadhafi regime to discredit her . The Libyan government first said al-Obeidy was mentally ill and drunk . They called her a prostitute . Later , it changed its story and said al-Obeidy was sane enough to withstand legal proceedings . Libyan government spokesman Moussa Ibrahim said the men accused of raping al-Obeidy are being investigated , but the suspects , in turn , have filed counter-charges for slander . The attempt to discredit al-Obeidy as a promiscuous , un-Islamic woman ties into the idea of sexual shaming in a conservative Muslim society where it 's commonly believed that a woman who has been raped has lost her honor , said Mona Eltahawy , a columnist on Arab and Muslim issues . For a woman in such a society to come forward to claim she has been raped is no small thing . "  No one would do that unless they were raped , and especially in a conservative society , " Eltawhy told CNN . Al-Obeidy 's act ended up being as significant as the discontented fruit vendor in Tunisia who set himself afire and sparked revolt in the entire region , Eltawhy said . The way al-Obeidy spoke out was unprecedented and she has already been hailed a hero on social networking sites . Ahmad said she received a call Sunday from a man who offered her a bribe to reject al-Obeidy 's claims and persuade her daughter to change her tale . Ahmad refused . She stands by her daughter , she said . So does her entire family and tribe . To show their support , the family held an in-absentia engagement ceremony for al-Obeidy at a mosque in Tobruk Monday . No one here thinks she has lost her honor . The government said al-Obeidy was freed but she has not been seen publicly since she was dragged away by security men and bundled into a waiting white car outside the Rixos Hotel Saturday . Ahmad has not heard from her daughter and challenged Gadhafi to air video of her on state television as proof of her well-being . Ahmad said she was also worried about her other daughter . No one has apparently seen her either since Saturday . A group of lawyers and human rights activists tried to approach al-Obeidy 's sister 's house Monday , but were blocked by security forces . The sister 's mobile phone has apparently been turned off , a source with the opposition in Tripoli told CNN . Al-Obeidy 's story raced around the world after she stormed into the Rixos Hotel as international journalists were having breakfast Saturday morning . Her face was bruised . So were her legs . She showed reporters blood on her right inner thigh . She said she had been held against her will for two days and raped by 15 men . Her visible injuries appeared to support her claims , but CNN could not independently verify al-Obeidy 's story . "  Look at what Gadhafi 's brigades did to me , " she said . "  My honor was violated by them . " Al-Obeidy displayed what appeared to be rope burns on her wrists and ankles . Government officials tried to subdue her , but she persisted . Even a member of the hotel 's kitchen staff drew a knife . "  Traitor ! " he shouted . Another staffer tried to throw a dark tablecloth over her head . One government official , who was there to facilitate access for journalists , pulled a pistol from his belt . Others scuffled with reporters and wrestled them to the ground in an attempt to take away their equipment . Some journalists were beaten and kicked . CNN 's camera was confiscated and smashed beyond repair . As security forces dragged her away , al-Obeidy warned : "  If you do n't see me tomorrow , then that 's it . " Ahmad said she has not been able to stop crying . She has n't slept or eaten . She sees only her daughter 's distress shared so publicly at a pivotal moment of her nation 's history . CNN 's Nic Robertson and Khalil Abdallah contributed to this report	Eman al-Obeidy 's mother says she could strangle Gadhafi for her daughter 's mistreatment The Libyan government tries to discredit her as un-Islamic Al-Obeidy has not been seen in public since Saturday 's incident It 's no small thing for a woman to claim rape in a conservative Muslim society , analyst says
CNN  -- The path that brought U.S. citizen David Coleman Headley to the point of pleading guilty to involvement in two international terrorism plots is complicated and twisted . His life , in many ways , is far from the average American experience , but he 's also very much a product of a typical American upbringing . He 's an unusual fusion , a product of two worlds , a rare blending of East and West . And because of his unusual background , Headley , experts say , is one of the most unusual and important American-born terrorists . Even his eyes -- one blue and one brown -- reflect the double life he has lived almost since the day he was born . Headley pleaded guilty Thursday to all 12 charges against him in connection with the four-day siege on India 's financial capital in 2008 that left more than 160 people dead and a planned attack in Denmark . Headley , the son of an American mother and Pakistani father , was accused of extensive involvement in planning the devastating attacks on hotels in Mumbai , which the Indian government says were carried out by the Pakistan-based terrorist group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . At least six Americans were among the dead . Headley , 49 , was indicted last October and charged by the U.S. government for conspiracy to murder and maim people in India and provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization . He initially pleaded not guilty to the charges , but he has changed his plea as part of a deal with the government to cooperate with investigators and possibly to avoid the death penalty he might have received if convicted on some of the charges . In the federal courtroom in Chicago , Illinois , on Thursday , Headley told the judge that he did not dispute any of the 12 charges . By pleading guilty , he also gave up his right to appeal in the case . He faced six counts of conspiracy to bomb locations in India and to murder and maim persons in India and Denmark , and six counts of aiding and abetting the murder of U.S. citizens in India . The indictment against him charged that Headley scouted targets in Mumbai for more than two years to set up the November 2008 attacks . He was also accused of planning a terrorist attack on a Danish newspaper , which was never carried out . The newspaper became the target of Muslim fury in 2005 after it published cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad in a manner offensive to Muslims . Even family asks : Who is David Coleman Headley ? Now that he 's admitted to conspiracy to murder and maim in the Mumbai attack , even members of his own family are wondering who David Headley really is . "  I was really shocked . And just did n't expect something like that . And I mean such a hands-on accusation , " said William Headley , his uncle , reflecting on when he first learned of the government 's accusations against his nephew . "  It was like you had poured cold water inside my chest . " David Coleman Headley was born in 1960 in Washington , D.C. , but with a different name : at birth , he was given the Urdu name Daood Gilani . He was the son of an eccentric , flamboyant and rebellious high society mother from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Serrill Headley ; and a strict , formal Pakistani diplomat father , Sayed Salim Gilani . The couple met at the Pakistani Embassy in Washington but moved to Lahore , Pakistan , when their son was very young . "  He was the first baby I had anything to do with , " his uncle William Headley said . "  He was the first baby I ever touched or held or anything like that . And somewhere I have a photograph of me in my pajamas holding little Daood . ... He was a nice-looking little baby . " Fractious union of East and West After only a few years , Daood 's parents split up , an early sign of the fractious union of East and West . The separation left Daood straddled between his traditional Muslim father and his very Western , very American mother . For a time , his mother remained in Pakistan , but she eventually returned to Philadelphia , where she opened a popular bar called the Khyber Pass . The Khyber Pass is the name of the main passage between Pakistan and Afghanistan . Daood remained in Pakistan throughout much of his childhood , and as a teenager he was enrolled for several years at a prestigious and regimented Pakistani military academy , the Hasan Abdal Cadet College . But then his mother pulled him out of the school and brought him back to Philadelphia . There , the teen moved into his mother 's apartment above the bar . In 2006 , Daood Gilani changed his name to David Coleman Headley , borrowing the family 's American name , and even the middle name of William Headley 's father , Coleman . The change was made , U.S. officials believe , to help Headley escape detection and travel more easily between the United States , India and Pakistan . In an exclusive television interview with CNN in January , Headley 's uncle described his disbelief in learning that his own nephew was connected in any way to the massacre in Mumbai -- disbelief that lingered until he began receiving letters from his nephew in his jail cell . "  To find an insider in my own family involved -LSB- in terrorism -RSB- -- you 're not responsible for what your family does and yet you have such a close association with it , it 's your blood . " Headley wrote to his uncle from jail , saying that despite his heritage , he was now 100 percent Muslim . Headley 's life has been full of twists and turns , from his dual heritage childhood -- being equally comfortable in Pakistan 's Muslim circles and in Philadelphia 's social scene -- to his marriage to a blond American beauty and subsequent divorce , after which he took a traditional Muslim wife . Drug trafficking snare In the 1990s , Headley became a major drug dealer and turned informant for the Drug Enforcement Administration after being caught , according to his family . His involvement with the DEA may have been one of the factors that pushed him toward Islamic extremism . In 1997 , he was running a video shop in New York . On February 7 of that year , he was in a midtown hotel negotiating to bring a large load of heroin from the Middle East to New York City . But he had walked into a trap . The hotel room , on the ninth floor , was wired by the Feds . As Gilani tried to escape , he found himself surrounded by gun-toting DEA agents . It was a moment that became the ultimate turning point in his life , said his uncle . "  Daood said ` If I get free of this I 'm going to commit myself to God , ' " William Headley recounted . "  So that is when , I would say , he became a serious Muslim . " What happened next is somewhat of a mystery . While his co-conspirator in the drug deal went to prison for 10 years , Headley was out within 15 months . His family believes the DEA was using him as their own informant , frequently sending him to Pakistan and Afghanistan to meet directly with heroin dealers . Those trips may also have put Headley in direct contact with Islamic terror groups who use the drug trade to finance their operations . It was during this time that he may have first encountered Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , the Pakistani group that some say is now second only to al Qaeda in its global terrorist reach . The indictment indicated that Headley had moved among senior figures in Lashkar -- including Ilyas Kashmiri , who 's alleged to have had contacts with al Qaeda . Headley case called unique The Headley case is unique for many reasons , experts say . "  It reads like a spy novel more than your typical terrorism cases , " said Frank Cilluffo , who heads the George Washington University Homeland Security Policy Institute . He says Headley was a sophisticated and valuable asset for anyone in the terrorist world , because of his ability to move easily between the East and the West . "  This is someone who clearly lived in two different worlds and grew up in two different worlds and had an awareness of both the United States -- having spent much of his adult life and later childhood life here -- as well as in Pakistan , " said Cilluffo . "  Clearly , you have someone who was conflicted , even though he lived in both worlds . You get the sense that he never felt at home in either world , searching for his identity ... and we know how , unfortunately , it plays out , " he added . Headley 's uncle still finds it hard to believe . He was shocked when CNN called to tell him that his nephew was pleading guilty . The nephew he knew was not someone who could have been involved in a terrorist plot , William Headley said . "  We absolutely can not imagine it , " he said . "  It 's not at all consistent with anything we know at all . "	David Coleman Headley is a product of two worlds , a rare blending of East and West His mother was a fun-loving Philly socialite ; his father was a strict , formal Pakistani His arrest in a heroin sting was a turning point in his life , an uncle says He 's been tied to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba ; India says group carried out Mumbai attacks
London  CNN  -- An autopsy to determine what killed singer Amy Winehouse will not be scheduled before Monday morning , London 's Metropolitan Police said Sunday . "  Inquiries continue into the circumstances of the death , " police said in a statement . At this stage , the 27-year-old 's death "  is being treated as unexplained and there have been no arrests in connection with the incident , " police said . The singer , beloved for her talent but infamous for erratic public behavior , arrests and drug problems , was found dead at her apartment in London on Saturday , police and her publicist confirmed . Winehouse 's family said in a statement Sunday it "  has been left bereft by the loss of Amy , a wonderful daughter , sister , niece . She leaves a gaping hole in our lives . We are coming together to remember her and we would appreciate some privacy and space at this terrible time . " "  We are trying to come to terms with the death of a dear friend and colleague , the most amazing artist and talent , " her management company , Metropolis Music , said Sunday . "  We will always remember Amy as a vibrant , funny , caring young woman who made everyone around her feel welcome . We have lost a very special person , part of our family . " Winehouse 's soulful , throaty vocals brought the British musician stardom in 2007 , but her troubled off-stage life -- chronicled in her Top 10 hit "  Rehab " -- won her notoriety . Her death came less than two months after her latest release from a rehabilitation program and weeks after she was booed offstage by disappointed fans in Serbia . Winehouse died at the same age as four other music legends . Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison each died of drug overdoses when they were 27 . Kurt Cobain was 27 when he committed suicide , soon after his release from rehab . Police were called to Winehouse 's Camden Square apartment just after 4 p.m. Saturday in response to report of "  a woman found deceased , " police said . "  Everyone who is involved with Amy is shocked and devastated , " Winehouse spokesman Chris Goodman said . "  Our thoughts are with her family and friends . " Her father , MItch , got word of his daughter 's death Saturday while in New York preparing for a Monday night show with his band at the Blue Note club , his publicist said . He immediately canceled the performance and caught a flight back to London , the publicist said . Winehouse 's official website on Sunday carried nothing but a black-and-white photo of the singer . On Saturday , a statement on the site had said Winehouse was "  withdrawing from all scheduled performances . " "  Rehab , " in which she sang "  They tried to make me go to rehab , I said no , no , no , " helped form the public 's view of Winehouse . But she told CNN in a 2007 interview , "  I do n't care enough about what people think of me to conform to anything . " The London-born singer became a picture of a tattooed teenage rebel after she was expelled from a prestigious performing arts school . Her first album , "  Frank , " debuted in 2003 , when the singer-songwriter was 19 . International success came with her 2007 album "  Back To Black . " She dominated the 2008 Grammys , winning five awards that night and delivering , via satellite from London , a strong performance of "  Rehab . " Winehouse 's volatile marriage to Blake Fielder-Civil took a toll on the singer 's career . The couple divorced in 2009 after a stormy two years filled by drug addiction and arrests . Winehouse 's parents went public with their efforts to help their daughter , telling the London Telegraph in 2009 that she was on the road to recovery . "  A gradual recovery , which is good , " Winehouse 's father told the Telegraph . "  With slight backward steps -- not drug backward steps , more drink backward steps if you follow my drift . I think that will be the pattern of recovery . " The organization that awards the Grammys issued a statement Saturday calling Winehouse "  a dynamic performer and musician who seamlessly blended rock , jazz , pop , and soul and created a sound all her own . " "  Her rich , soulful and unique voice reflected her honest songwriting and earned her a devoted fan following , critical acclaim , and the genuine respect and admiration of her musical peers , " the Recording Academy statement said . "  She will forever be remembered for her immense talent , and her music will live on for generations to come . Our deepest sympathies go out to her family , friends , and fans during this difficult time . " CNN 's Bharati Naik , Denise Quan and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Winehouse 's family says it "  has been left bereft by the loss of Amy " An autopsy will not be scheduled before Monday morning The death is being treated as "  unexplained " Her official website Sunday morning carries only a black-and-white photo of her
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel and the United States on Monday blamed Syria for violent protests on the country 's border with the occupied Golan Heights . The demonstrations were a provocation designed to draw international attention away from harsh reprisals against protesters in Hama and other Syrian cities , the countries said . Israeli officials said 10 people died Sunday when fire bombs thrown by protesters detonated landmines , said Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich , an Israeli military spokeswoman . Syrian state media reported 23 protesters were killed when Israeli soldiers opened fire on demonstrators . "  There is an attempt here to incite the international community and to draw attention away from the harsh events " in Hama , Syria , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said at the Knesset , Israel 's parliament . More than 1,000 people have died since the Syrian government began a crackdown on demonstrators seeking government reforms , according to the United Nations . Human rights groups say 80 people died when security forces sprayed a crowd of protesters in Hama on Friday . In Sunday 's demonstrations , Israeli troops used tear gas and live ammunition on members of the demonstrators only "  after using up all other means , " Netanyahu said . The soldiers followed international law , he said . "  We stand by our rights to defend our borders , our cities and our citizens , " he said . "  We will do it with restraint and great responsibility . " The United States defended Israel 's response , said State Department spokesman Mark Toner . "  As we did previously , we condemn what appears to be an effort by the Syrian government to incite events and draw attention away from its own internal issues , " Toner said . "  And it 's clear that such behavior will not distract international attention on Syria 's , Syrian government 's condemnable behavior on its own citizens . " The protests came on the anniversary of the 1967 Middle East War , when Israel captured the Golan Heights from Syria . The Israel Defense Forces said that Israeli troops used tear gas and live ammunition on members of an "  angered mob . " As many as 500 people took part in the demonstration , holding mid-day prayers on the Syrian side of the border , then crouching down behind ramparts that Israel constructed in response to similar demonstrations three weeks ago . The number later dropped to about 50 , with protesters waving Palestinian and Syrian flags . CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	NEW : Israel , United States call the fatal protests a provocation NEW : Israel PM : Sunday protests were an effort to distract from harsh Syrian crackdown Israeli officials say 10 protesters died when fire bombs they threw set off landmines The protests came on the anniversary of the 1967 Middle East War
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The father of Princess Diana 's boyfriend attacked the British Royal family Monday with a series of insults and accusations at the inquest looking into how the couple died . Mohamed Al Fayed , father of Dodi , repeated his allegations of a massive cover-up involving the Royal family , paparazzi and for the first time Diana 's sister . He has previously included British intelligence services in the alleged plot . Al Fayed , who spent most of the day in the witness box , let out a torrent of allegations that members of the royal family were racist . He has previously blamed Prince Philip for the deaths , insisting that the royal family could n't bear the prospect of a Muslim marrying the princess . "  Diana suffered for 20 years from this Dracula family , " Al Fayed said Monday . "  I will not rest until I die . If I lose everything to find the truth , " Al Fayed , told the court . Al Fayed , owner of London 's famed Harrods department store , began his testimony by reading a statement saying Diana told him in July 1997 , the month before the crash , that she feared for her life . Watch Al-Fayed have his day in court . " He said Diana told him her ex-husband Prince Charles , and the queen 's husband Prince Philip , wanted to "  get rid " of her . Diana said she had a wooden box with her initials on it containing all the details about why she feared for her life , Al Fayed said . He added she told him that if anything ever happened to her , he needed to know about the box . After the crash , however , the contents of the box were stolen before he could get to them , he said . For the first time Al Fayed implicated Diana 's sister , Lady Sarah McCorquodale , in the alleged cover-up . He said he spoke to her about the wooden box after the crash , but the fact that the contents were later stolen is evidence that she tried to conceal them , he said . Al Fayed has previously said that Diana was pregnant with Dodi 's child at the time of the crash , although British and French police investigations into the crash have discounted this . At the inquest , Al Fayed testified that Diana and Dodi were engaged and planned an announcement the Monday after the crash . When an inquest lawyer challenged Al Fayed as to why he did n't tell everybody once he knew about the alleged engagement , Al Fayed claimed he had only just found out himself . "  It was one hour before they were murdered . Am I going to announce it after they were dead ? " John Macnamara , the former head of security for Al Fayed , last week said at at the inquest that he did not he believe Prince Philip was involved in a conspiracy to kill the couple . During the five-month inquest , witnesses have been questioned about a mysterious white Fiat Uno which some witnesses reported seeing shortly before the crash but which was never traced . Al Fayed said the car belonged to paparazzo James Andanson , who did own a white Fiat Uno . Al Fayed said Andanson , who was found dead two years later in a burned-out car , was part of the murder plot and "  assassinated " to cover up his role . The inquest has also heard testimony about whether the chauffeur , Henri Paul , was drunk on the night of the crash . Al Fayed claimed Paul was sober and that French investigators botched the tests , though he did not give evidence to support the claim . Instead he alleged a coverup by two French investigators : Dominique Lecomte , who conducted the post-mortem on Paul , and Gilbert Pepin , who tested Paul 's blood . Al Fayed also questioned the delay in transporting Diana to a hospital after the crash , adding she might have survived had she gotten treatment sooner . He also alleged that MI6 , Britain 's foreign Intelligence Service , infiltrated the British tax service , as well as the Home Office -- the UK 's interior ministry -- and continued to conspire against him . Al Fayed said the Home Office denied him a passport as part of the plot . The inquest is required under British law whenever someone dies in suspicious , sudden , or unexplained circumstances but it will only decide how they died and not lay blame . It began in October 2007 -- after the French and British investigations into the crash concluded -- and is expected to last six months . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Teresa Martini contributed to this report .	Mohamed Al Fayed takes to the stand at the Diana inquest Monday He claims the death of his son and the Princess was an intricate conspiracy Amongst other claims Al Fayed said Diana was pregnant with Dodi 's child The inquest began in October 2007 and is expected to last six months
CNN  -- Brrrrr . Much has been said about the Super Bowl 's outdoor setting this arctic winter . But no matter what unfolds at New Jersey 's MetLife Stadium , adjacent New York City will be fired up to host hordes of visitors . If you 've snagged tickets to Super Bowl XLVIII , lucky you . Maybe you do n't have tickets but will be in town to witness the football frenzy . Or maybe you hate the sport and can only keep your game face on for so long before you seek refuge in everything else the city offers . Spruce Goose 's bizarre story Here 's some play-by-play action for fans -- and ideas for nonfans . And yes , there are winter festivals and events planned in New Jersey for the big week , but we 're guessing you 'll be spending most of your time exploring New York . Hail Mary : There might not be a dome at the Super Bowl , but you can raise the roof at the 15th annual NFL-sanctioned Super Bowl Gospel Celebration at Madison Square Garden on January 31 , kicking off Super Bowl weekend with headliner Patti LaBelle . The longest yard : The 50 Yard Lounge food and wine festival will take over Penn Plaza , just outside Madison Square Garden , for Super Bowl week , with a giant tent , heated roof decks and football-related culinary and sports events . Football legends such as Doug Flutie will make appearances . All-day passes begin at $ 400 . Block party : Times Square will be transformed into Super Bowl Boulevard with a free autograph stage , concerts and photo ops with the famed Vince Lombardi Trophy . The blockslong festival , between 33rd and 44th streets , will run from noon to 10 p.m. Wednesday to February 1 ; events are free with the exception of a toboggan run for $ 5 . Stop by NYC & Company 's booth for event and activities info or visit its website . Football at the Met : Even New York 's storied museums are getting in on the action . Check out the Metropolitan Museum of Art 's "  Gridiron Greats " exhibit of vintage football cards . Oompah and beer : New York has more beer gardens than you can shake a pretzel at , and the Bohemian Hall and Beer Garden in Astoria , Queens , is one of the oldest . Beginning at 4 p.m. on Super Bowl Sunday , an indoor tailgate party will kick off . Chug-a-lug $ 10 pitchers of frothy beer such as Stella to wash down schnitzel and knackwurst while cheering on your team . Sip and tuck : NFL personalities and legends will be huddled at the legendary Waldorf Astoria , and the hotel 's illustrious Peacock Alley will be a see-and-be-scene spot to sip a specialty cocktail themed for the two teams by house mixologist Frank Caiafa . The landmark hotel , which has also had an uptick in reservations from "  football widows " throughout the football season at its Guerlain Spa , will offer the "  Just the Girls " spa package on Super Bowl Sunday , which includes a manicure and pedicure , massage or facial , makeup refresh and two cocktails . Booze cruise : Norwegian Cruise Line 's Getaway , christened the Bud Light Hotel , will be docked next to the USS Intrepid , offering lodging and entertainment . Note : Rooms at the Bud Light Hotel are not available for purchase ; consumers can win hotel rooms through Bud Light promotions . Lodging at the floating hotel will be available Thursday through the morning of February 3 . Blood falls and other natural oddities Football schmootball Not really into the game ? Here are some ideas to intercept the Super Bowl events . Game play : Take advantage of a Broadway Week Winter 2014 two-for-one tickets promotion . You can get a free ticket for the price of one at 26 shows such as "  Pippin " and "  Waiting for Godot . " Happy New Year : It 's the Year of the Horse , and the 15th annual Chinatown Lunar New Year Parade & Festival will kick off at 1 p.m. on Super Bowl Sunday at Mott and Hester streets , with colorful floats , dancing lions and dragons and marching bands . Super bowl : Maybe your idea of a super bowl can be found at Bowlmor , one of the city 's most popular bowling destinations , with locations in Times Square and Union Square . Beyond a shadow of a doubt : February 2 also happens to be Groundhog Day , and the Staten Island Zoo will open early at 6:30 a.m. so that Chuck the Groundhog , accompanied by a band , can spy on his shadow  fingers crossed he does n't  at 7 a.m. Kids will want to stick around to have breakfast with Chuck . Bonus : Take the free ferry ride over for mind-bending views of New York 's skyline . Baseball : Maybe you do love the Super Bowl for one reason and one reason only -- it marks the end of football season , meaning baseball is on deck . Check out Foleys NY , a pub with enough memorabilia to rival Cooperstown , including 1,800 autographed balls . Make no mistake , though , this popular Irish bar will undoubtedly be a hot spot for the Super Bowl action , too . Get a bye : There 's no better day to shop than Super Bowl Sunday ; the stores are practically empty . Hit up Macy 's  be a sport and check out the custom NFL shop on the fourth floor  or score a deal at Bloomingdale 's  Bloomie 's windows will display 48 designer , haute couture helmets , part of the NFL Foundation fundraiser  . Skate around it : Twirl figure eights at one of the many outdoor rinks , including Rockefeller Center , Central Park and the Standard hotel at the High Line . The artful dodger : Go museum hopping . Take in the "  Charles Marville : Photographer of Paris " exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the "  American Legends : From Calder to O'Keeffe " exhibit at the Whitney Museum of American Art . Tour the town : Sign up with On Location for a tour of the many locations for TV shows that have been shot in New York , including "  Sex and the City , " "  Sopranos " and "  Gossip Girl . " Receive 15 % off any tour when using the code "  Super " at www.onlocationtours.com . Oh , snap : Take a private walking tour to see Central Park , the Brooklyn Bridge and other iconic landmarks with PhotoTrek Tours . A personal photographer will snap shots of you with New York as a backdrop  you keep the photos  .	Super Bowl Sunday in New York offers fun for fans and nonfans alike Chinatown 's Lunar New Year parade is happening on February 2 Two-for-one Broadway tickets offer another distraction in New York
CNN  -- No image is more central to the story of Christmas than that of baby Jesus in the arms of his mother , Mary . It was painted and sculpted over and over again , by such artists as Leonardo Da Vinci , Michelangelo and Raphael . It 's a picture of tender mercy and boundless love between a mother and her son . But these first gentle moments  even experienced in the humble environs of a manger  are perhaps the easiest of any parent-child relationship . The story that would develop for Jesus and his mother , as presented in the gospels , was complicated , and not very unlike what happens in many families : a tale of enchantment , then disenchantment , of resistance and reconciliation . The first scene in the Gospels after the Nativity occurs when Jesus is 12 , on the cusp of adolescence . The boy accompanies his family to Jerusalem for Passover week . After the celebrations , his family leaves -- failing to notice that Jesus has been left behind . Searching for three frantic days , at last they find him in Herod 's great Temple , among a group of elders , who are amazed by his knowledge of the scriptures . When Mary questions him about his behavior , Jesus replies somewhat testily : "  Why did you come looking for me ? Did n't you know I must be about my Father 's business ? " Okay . He was smart , perhaps a bit sassy . As the only glimpse we get of Jesus before the age of 30 , it 's a telling instance , however . Flash forward 20 years or so , when Jesus begins his ministry in Galilee . His family , however , does n't seem happy . He is , for a start , attracting large crowds . He goes about healing people , casting out demons . In Mark 3:21 , it 's clear the family wishes he would cease and desist . "  He is out of his mind , " they cry . Soon after this , Jesus says dismissively : "  Here are my mother and my brothers ! Whoever does God 's will is my brother and sister and mother . "  Mark 3:34 -35 At the marriage in Cana , where Jesus performs the first of his many "  signs and wonders , " Mary accompanies him , complaining to her son that the hosts have run out of wine . He turns on her : "  Woman , what have I to do with thee ? Mine hour is not yet come . "  John 2:4  This sounds harsh . But Jesus has a symbolic point , and he makes it , turning six stone pots of water into wine . It 's a sign that he will not be bound by the laws of nature . One does n't see Mary again until she stands in all her sorrow at the foot of the cross with a few other women who were close to her son . She was presumably a widow by this point , as Joseph is not mentioned . Jesus , as her oldest son , is responsible for her well-being . And here he is , dying before her eyes in this public and humiliating way . Intriguingly , he summons his most beloved disciple , probably John  though nobody knows for sure  , asking him to look after Mary when he is gone . "  Here is your mother , " he says . This was surely an act of love . Our last view of Mary in the Gospels is in the Upper Room in Jerusalem , where she meets with the 11 disciples after her son 's death . They are planning to pick a 12th disciple at this point -- to replace Judas . This moment precedes the Pentecost -- the arrival of the Holy Spirit in tongues of flame . Obviously Mary has , by this time , begun to play a role in the early Christian movement , though the scriptures say little about this . Much that we think about Mary , in fact , is the stuff of legend -- things added to her story by later Christian writers and artists . The Gospels offer only a few glimpses of her , beginning in Bethlehem , by the manger , with a helpless child bringing light into a fallen world . In the course of his three decades , Jesus and Mary had a tender but complex relationship , with misunderstandings -- again , the stuff of family life writ large . Yet their relations ended on a note of deep accord , with Mary taking on her role as "  mother of God , " becoming an important figure in the early church . And we think of her at Christmas , this woman "  full of grace , " who , with Christ child in arms , was "  blessed among women . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay Parini .	Jay Parini : The image of Jesus in arms of his mother , Mary , is central to Christmas story Like many mother-child relationships , Jesus ' with his mother grew complicated , he says He says records are scant , but gospels show sometimes testy , sassy exchanges Parini : Jesus , good son , would ultimately ask apostle to care for ` mother of god ' when he died
CNN  -- Interpol has issued an international wanted notice for a French gangster who authorities say used explosives as part of a brazen escape from a prison in Lille , France , over the weekend , the organization said Monday . Redoine Faid held five people , including four guards , at gunpoint at the detention center Saturday , officials said . He then burst his way to freedom by detonating explosives that destroyed five doors , penitentiary union spokesman Etienne Dobremetz told CNN affiliate BFMTV . Interpol announced Monday that it issued its wanted notice , known as a red notice , within hours of Faid 's escape . A European arrest warrant covering 26 countries also was issued for him Saturday . Red notices alert police agencies around the world that a person is wanted , but they are not arrest warrants . Each of Interpol 's 190 member countries is expected to apply its national laws and standards in determining whether to detain the wanted person . Faid 's escape has raised a number of questions : How did an inmate get guns and explosives ? How did he manage to use those to force his way out ? And , after all that , why is he still at large ? The four guards whom Faid allegedly held hostage "  are safe and sound , " Lille prosecutor Frederic Fevre said . Still , officials from the prison guards ' union pressed French Justice Minister Christiane Taubira to make prisons safer , including more thorough searches of those who enter , BFMTV reported . The escape may be due partly to a problem plaguing the prison that could n't hold Faid : overcrowding . Built in 2005 , the Lille-Sequedin penitentiary is not old , but it 's not well designed to keep watch on prisoners , said Jimmy Delliste , a former associate director there . "  The construction ... makes it particularly difficult to manage detainees , who are particularly difficult to watch , " Delliste told BFMTV . And such a prison was holding a convict who fashioned himself as a modern-day gangster . Faid , 40 , thought big , getting inspiration from the movies . He wore a hockey mask , like Robert DeNiro 's character in the movie "  Heat , " and acted audaciously in attacking armored trucks among other targets . "  He lives his life like a hero from a Hollywood film , " said Pierre Fourniaud , who edited Faid 's 2010 autobiography , "  Robber : From Suburbs to Organized Crime . " Faid wanted to be a robber from the age of 6 , Fourniaud said . "  He wants to be known as the greatest gangster -- public enemy No. 1 , so this morning all the papers are calling him just that , " Fourniaud said . "  I think that 's his satisfaction . " In 1998 , after three years on the run during which he fled to Switzerland , Faid was caught . Sentenced to 20 years , he spent time in high-security prisons around France . After more than a decade behind bars , the Frenchman insisted he 'd changed . But this promise did n't last long , French authorities said . In 2011 , Faid landed back behind bars . Jean-Louis Pelletier , Faid 's lawyer , said he is not surprised by the breakout . Pelletier had planned to meet his client soon in preparation for an upcoming trial tied to a May 2010 attack in Villiers-sur-Marne , east of Paris , that left a 26-year-old policewoman dead . "  He is remarkably intelligent , and he is using his intellect to serve his ambitions , " Pelletier told BFMTV . "  And Faid  can not stand being imprisoned any more . "	NEW : "  He wants to be known as the greatest gangster , " escaped prisoner 's former editor says Redoine Faid is named in an Interpol notice and an arrest warrant covering 26 nations Authorities say he held hostages , blasted his way out of a prison in Lille on Saturday Faid , known for armored truck attacks , spent years in prison
CNN  -- The family battle that surrounded radio host Casey Kasem during his final days continues to rage on after his death . Although the 82-year-old passed away on June 15 , his body has yet to be buried . Now , according to Danny Deraney , the publicist for Kasem 's daughter Kerri Kasem , the family does n't know where his body is . "  We are not surprised , " Kerri Kasem told to CNN . "  We expected something like this to happen . " Discord between Kasem 's wife of more than 30 years , Jean Kasem , and his adult children from his first marriage led to multiple legal clashes and court hearings in the months before to Kasem died . Kerri Kasem was given a conservatorship over her father 's health , which Jean Kasem subsequently fought in court , claiming his children were prematurely ending their father 's life . Deraney says Jean Kasem has now removed her husband 's body from a funeral home in Washington state . Casey Kasem tributes : ` Keep reaching for the stars ' Before Kasem 's passing , Jean Kasem removed her ailing husband from a care facility in Santa Monica and took him on a cross-country car journey to stay at a home of family friends in Washington . Sgt. Rudy Camarena with the Santa Monica Police Department declined to comment , telling CNN , "  Mr. Kasem 's matter is an open and ongoing investigation . " A timeline of the family feud Meanwhile , Jean Kasem denies that her late husband 's body is missing . "  It 's not , " she told CNN . "  Would you leave us to grieve in peace ? " Candace Corkum at the Gaffney Funeral Home in Tacoma , Washington , confirmed that the facility had been in possession of Casey Kasem 's body , but said that it was no longer in their care . She could not provide information about the circumstances in which his body was removed from the funeral home . Casey Kasem and a lesson about end-of-life care Opinion : Casey Kasem : Pop 's ` gateway drug '	Casey Kasem died last month , but has yet to be buried Even before his death , his family was battling over his care Kasem 's daughter says she does n't know where the body is ; his wife says it 's not missing
They 've been called "  blood phones . " It 's a reference to the fact that some metals used to make smartphones and other electronic gadgets are sourced from war-torn areas of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Experts say these "  conflict minerals " help fuel one of the world 's deadliest conflicts . An estimated 5.4 million people have died there from war-related causes , including disease and malnutrition , since 1998 , according to the International Rescue Committee . But according to a report released Thursday by the Enough Project , an advocacy group , metals from the Congo are getting less bloody . That 's thanks in part to the fact that tech companies like Intel , HP , Dell , Microsoft and Apple have made efforts to trace the source of metals used in their devices . An auditing system for smelters , the industrial facilities that process raw metals , also has been put in place . A certification system is in the works that would allow companies to certify some metals from Congo as "  conflict free . " Other tech companies , however , like Nintendo , Canon , Nikon , Sharp and HTC , received low rankings from the group . Nintendo was the only company out of 24 ranked by the Enough Project that received a score of zero , for taking no steps to ensure that its electronics do not support armed groups in central Africa . "  Nintendo is , I believe , the only company that has basically refused to acknowledge the issue or demonstrate they are making any sort of effort on it , " said Sasha Lezhnev , senior policy analyst at the Enough Project . "  And this is despite a good two years of trying to get in contact with them . " In a statement issued to CNN , Nintendo said it "  outsources the manufacture and assembly of all Nintendo products to our production partners and therefore is not directly involved in the sourcing of raw materials that are ultimately used in our products . " The company added : "  We nonetheless take our social responsibilities as a global company very seriously and expect our production partners to do the same . " A Nintendo spokeswoman declined to comment on conflict minerals specifically . Other companies saw their scores improve from a similar report in 2010 . Intel ranked highest on the Enough Project 's list with a score of 60 , meaning it has taken 60 % of the steps recommended by the group to ensure it is responsibly tracking conflict minerals . That 's up from a score of 24 in 2010 . Apple and Microsoft both scored 38 , up from 13 and 15 , respectively . Nokia scored 35 , up from 19 . IBM , Sony , LG and Samsung received scores of 27 . Three of those companies had received scores lower than 10 in the previous Enough Project ranking . The report says there is still much to be done , however . "  Despite the progress made in the past year by both governments and industry , a long road still lies ahead , " the group says in its report , titled "  Taking Conflict Out of Consumer Gadgets . " "  Exploitation of Congo 's mineral resources continues to exacerbate conflict and instability on the ground and consumers are still largely in the dark as to whether or not their products are conflict free . "  It will take a holistic effort by multiple governments and industries to regulate the flow of illegal conflict minerals . The driver of that effort must remain the demand of the conscious consumer . " The Enough Project says the results are already apparent on the ground in the Congo . The amount of money armed groups make off three of the main conflict minerals  tin , tantalum and tungsten  has dropped 65 % over the past two years , according to a report released earlier this month , which attributes the decrease both to the efforts of the tech industry and to new legislation . A rule tucked into 2010 financial reform legislation in the United States may soon require companies to disclose whether they source metals form conflict zones . The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is expected to vote on those rules concerning conflict minerals on August 22 . Some business groups , including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , say the SEC should reconsider the rules because they are too expensive or complex to implement . Four metals -- gold , tin , tantalum and tungsten -- are used in gadgets and also are mined in the eastern Congo , a region of the vast country that has been in active conflict for years . Armed groups have profited from mining these metals , holding some workers at gunpoint and forcing them to work for little or no pay , according to the group Free the Slaves . New certifications systems , however , aim to attach bar codes to packages of Congolese metals that have been certified as conflict-free . The Enough Project also says there are efforts to differentiate Congolese metals from others by their color and other physical properties . Many challenges remain . The growth of a rebel group called M23 and ongoing gold smuggling threaten to further destabilize the mining industry , the report says . Companies once were "  turning a blind eye to where they 're getting their materials from , " said Lezhnev . But after considerable pressure from advocacy groups and college students , more of them have become aware of the issue . "  Sunshine , " he said , "  is the best disinfectant . "	Report : Tech companies are making progress on ` conflict minerals ' The term refers to metals that come from the Democratic Republic of the Congo Metals used in gadgets are said to fuel violence in that country While many make progress , the report gives Nintendo a score of zero
CNN  -- There 's a great dive bar in my neighborhood called Jack 's where they oven-bake the chicken wings . And they 're absolutely amazing . I 'm not saying I 've had semi-inappropriate fantasies about them . But I 'm also not denying it . Yes . Things continue to be weird at home . But it 's worth noting that , despite my undying love for these wings , I 'm actually a complete coward when it comes to sauce . I always get teriyaki . Spicy foods have never really been my thing . Unlike some of my friends who , in a pinch , would happily use Texas Pete for contact lens solution . So , I could only sit in horror as I read a trending story from England this week about the first person to finish the "  world 's hottest curry . " And , sadly , we can only assume this brave hero also sat in horror several hours later when he realized that the world 's hottest curry wanted out . "  Strong men ... also cry . " Nevertheless , Dr. Ian Rothwell proudly became the first of more than 300 people to conquer Bindi restaurant 's famous dish , "  The Widower . " A name that , apparently , had a slightly more menacing ring to it than "  The Care Bear . " Bindi restaurant , in the English East Midlands town of Grantham , has been serving the Widower since 2010 . The recipe , which is openly shared online , has become a popular Web search as curry enthusiasts around the world clamor for new and interesting ways to make one of the most delicious and wonderful foods on the planet completely inedible . Specifically , the main driving force behind the Widower 's heat is 20 Infinity chilis , which were developed by a Grantham man named Nick Woods who grew the record-breaking strain completely by accident . Bindi restaurant 's managing director and executive chef , Muhammed Karim , took those accidental chilis , combined them with other peppers and extracts , and created what he believes is the world 's hottest curry . I 'll never know because I still value the functioning ability of my esophagus . It 's where pudding goes . Amazingly , just cooking the storied dish requires gloves , goggles and a gas mask . Which , generally speaking , is a sure sign that whatever you 're doing in the kitchen is less safe than , say , heating up a Lean Pocket . Cooking meth is less safe than heating up a Lean Pocket . I rest my case . And so , hundreds of people have tried to finish off the Widower . But up until just the other day , nobody had ever made it to the end . And only a few have lasted past four or five mouthfuls , most opting instead to vomit , cry and rethink their overall purpose in life . "  I should buy a boat . " Though Rothwell amazingly finished the entire dish in just over an hour , it was n't easy . In fact , it was probably downright reckless . Armed only with a bottle of beer , he bravely made it halfway through the meal before excusing himself for a short walk . Not so much because it was a particularly nice day but because he actually began hallucinating . About 10 minutes later , his wife found him wandering up Grantham High Street , presumably having a rather nefarious conversation with own hand . "  Agreed . We shall light stuff on fire . " Eventually , with tears running from his eyes , Rothwell downed the very last bite of the world 's hottest curry . Or so the restaurant still claims . It 's all rather unofficial . However , what is official is the actual hottest chili pepper . According to Guinness World Records , that honor was most recently set in March 2011 by the Trinidad Scorpion "  Butch T " pepper from Australia . I Googled this thing , and it looks pretty damn mean . If ever there was a fruit capable of having sex with your sister and kicking your dog , it 's the Trinidad Scorpion . The previously mentioned Infinity chili -- used in the Widower -- earned the highly coveted record a year earlier in March 2010 but was ousted only a few months later by the Naga Viper chili , also grown in the UK . They remain third and second , respectively . So , that 's the story of the man who conquered the world 's hottest curry . Surely , everybody knows someone right now who would gladly accept the challenge . And they would all likely fail . For it takes a true warrior to step up and face the Widower . Or you can just be sensible and have something else . Strong men ... also eat teriyaki .	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly , offbeat look at what 's trending online This week , Jarrett considers a story about the world 's hottest curry "  The Widower " is considered the hottest plate of curry anywhere A man finished it for the first time -- and hallucinated
Washington  CNN  -- Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is clinging to a narrow lead over Republican challenger Thom Tillis in North Carolina , a new CNN/ORC International poll shows . Hagan led with 48 % support to 46 % for Tillis , the state House speaker , in the survey of 559 likely voters , conducted Oct. 27-30 and with a margin of error of plus or minus four percentage points . Libertarian Sean Haugh polled at 4 % . Hampering Tillis is an underwater favorability rating . Just 43 % of those surveyed said they have a favorable view of him , compared to 50 % who view him unfavorably . That 's a dramatic shift since a September CNN/ORC International poll that put his favorability rating at 47 % , with just a 40 % viewing him unfavorably . "  Hagan seems to have done a good job of defining her lesser-known challenger in an unflattering light , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  The jump in Tillis ' unfavorables is highest among women  a 12-point increase  , lower-income voters  12 points  , and particularly in the suburbs  16 points  , " Holland said . Hagan , meanwhile , is viewed favorably by 49 % , while 48 % say they view her unfavorably . She could be dragged down , though , by President Barack Obama 's unpopularity . Just 42 % said they approve of Obama 's job performance . Tillis leads among suburban and rural voters , earning 49 % support in each category compared to 43 % support for Hagan among suburban voters and 44 % with rural voters . Hagan , though , holds a massive lead in urban areas , where she has 59 % support to Tillis ' 37 % . Hagan leads by 16 percentage points among women and Tillis is up 12 points with men . North Carolina is one of several states that President Barack Obama won at least once -- Colorado , Iowa and New Hampshire are the others -- where Republicans are hoping to grab Senate seats previously held by Democrats . Their success in those states could determine whether the GOP captures the six seats it needs to become the Senate 's majority party for Obama 's last two years in office . The CNN/ORC International results come after several other polls have put Hagan ahead . An Elon University survey conducted Oct. 21-25 put the freshman senator up 45 % to 41 % , while a Rasmussen Reports poll showed her up 47 % to 46 % . The race has been the most expensive of the 2014 midterm cycle , with spending by the campaigns , national committees and outside groups topping $ 100 million .	Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is leading narrowly in her re-election bid in North Carolina Hagan had 48 % support to GOP challenger Thom Tillis ' 46 % in a new CNN/ORC International poll That 's within the poll 's 4 percentage point margin of error
Damascus , Syria  CNN  -- A top adviser to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad defended the regime 's actions Tuesday , arguing that the government is not attacking peaceful protesters , despite widespread witness reports of a fierce crackdown against displays of dissent . "  Security forces are there against armed groups , " Bouthaina Shaaban told CNN in an interview , referring to the shadowy entities the regime has consistently said are responsible for the violence sweeping the Arab country since mid-March . "  We 're not targeting demonstrators . I think peaceful demonstrators have made their point , and they are making their point every day . We have no problem with that . " Shaaban said the government would like "  to talk to peaceful demonstrators " and is not opposed to peaceful protests . What it wants to do , she said , is "  isolate armed militants . " She and other Syrian government officials have not provided more detail about the armed groups and their financing . Shaaban said that while demonstrators have "  legitimate grievances , " there are extremists who are using protests "  as a cover to incite sectarian violence in Syria " and are badly hurting the economy . Bloodshed has engulfed Syria ever since demonstrators took to the streets in the southern city of Daraa to protest the arrests of young people for scribbling anti-government graffiti . Witnesses reported a tough crackdown against the demonstrators . That sparked more protests and tough security reactions across the country . The videos and witness accounts filtering out of Syria of the security actions have spurred international outrage toward the regime . Rami Abdelrahman , head of the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , told CNN Tuesday that 1,342 civilians and 343 security personnel have died since the protests erupted . Shaaban said Tuesday that more than 500 police officers and government troops and police have been killed in the violence , in which "  religious extremists " are "  directing purposeful assassinations . " "  They are the ones who are killing children , who are killing women , who are maiming people , who are cutting people into pieces , " she said , referring to the "  extremists . " CNN can not independently verify the death tolls . However , sources in Turkey and Lebanon can account for the many Syrians who 've fled to their countries to escape violence . The Turkish government said Tuesday that 10,757 Syrian refugees have crossed the border . It also said 441 Syrians had returned to Syria voluntarily in the past two days . Security sources in Lebanon told CNN that about 1,000 Syrians have crossed into Lebanon near the town of Hermel . When asked whether the crisis would have been different had security forces not acted violently during the uprising 's start in Daraa , Shaaban said she thinks "  there are lots of fabrications about the security forces " and that many security forces were ordered not to carry weapons in Daraa . The al-Assad family has ruled Syria since 1971 , with Bashar al-Assad taking power after the death of his father Hafez al-Assad in 2000 . The government is dominated by the Alawite minority in a country with a majority Sunni Muslim population . Alawites are an offshoot of Shiite Muslims . Last week , Bashar al-Assad held out a promise of reforms and a "  national dialogue " in a speech that was met with widespread skepticism . As international and domestic outrage festered , Syria 's embattled government allowed a group of activists and intellectuals , including some it had previously jailed , to hold a conference on democratic reform Monday at a Damascus hotel . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Tuesday that the United States was "  pleased " to see the Syrian opposition was allowed to protest peacefully and has been given some "  breathing space . " It was a "  step in the right direction , but more needs to be done , " Nuland said , adding that "  a key element of Syria moving in the right direction will be that this continues to be the case . " Louay Hussein , a writer and onetime political prisoner , said "  we must change this tyrannical regime to a democratic , civilian one " and explained that "  how that transition happens is a question this conference is trying to address . " Hussein said the conference would "  not necessarily " find an answer to that question , "  but that is the big question in this country now . " About 200 Syrian dissidents gathered in the hotel ballroom , including several signatories of a 2005 declaration that called for a democratic transition . But some of those who have been risking arrest or bodily harm as al-Assad tries to suppress a wave of anti-government protests said the people in the hotel do n't necessarily speak for them . "  The big question regarding this conference is , where are the young people ? " asked Wissam Tarif , a pro-democracy activist based outside Syria . "  Where are the people who are on the streets ? Where are the voices of the people who are from Daraa , or from Douma , or from Jisr al-Shugur , or from Idlib ? I think those are the voices that have been missed so far . " Shaaban acknowledged that those at the conference were not representative of the protesters on the streets . "  That 's very true . And this is our biggest problem and our biggest challenge , " she said . "  We are trying our best to reach the leaders of people on the street because we want to solve this problem in our country and move forward . " But she said the government wants to be all-inclusive in its reform efforts by inviting all social groups to participate in a dialogue . She argues that the government would not want to undermine that sense of national unity . "  No government in the world would kill its own people , " she said . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. is pleased Syria gave the opposition some "  breathing space " More than 1,300 civilians have been killed in the unrest , an activist group says Adviser : Protesters have "  legitimate grievances , " but there are extremists The Turkish government says 10,757 Syrians have fled across the border "  We must change this tyrannical regime , " a former political prisoner says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A British general who advocates a troop "  surge " in Afghanistan will be appointed head of the British Army next year , the Ministry of Defense said Friday . General David Richards is to become the new head of the British Army next year . Gen. David Richards , the current commander-in-chief of British Land Forces , will take over from Gen. Richard Dannatt in August 2009 , when Dannatt 's three-year term expires , the defense ministry said . Richards , who is responsible for delivering forces to Afghanistan , Iraq , and Kosovo in his current role , was head of NATO forces in Afghanistan between May 2006 and February 2007 . In a June interview with the defense ministry 's Defence Focus magazine , Richards called for more troops in order to succeed in Afghanistan . "  Though things have improved , do n't think for one minute we can believe that we are ` winning , ' " Richards told the magazine . "  We need to define success carefully and continue to look for opportunities to increase troops for the surge effect that the Americans had in Iraq . We need boots on the ground and reconstruction to win their hearts and minds . " Richards told the magazine that the situation in the country had improved since he commanded NATO forces there , in part because troop numbers had doubled . London 's Independent newspaper reported Friday that Richards favors 30,000 additional troops for Afghanistan -- 5,000 more British troops and 25,000 U.S. and Afghan soldiers . Britain currently has about 8,000 troops in Afghanistan , the Ministry of Defense said . Richards also believes that a negotiated settlement may be necessary to end the conflict , but that any talks must take place with the Afghan government and NATO in a position of strength , The Independent reported . Although Friday 's announcement does not mean an early retirement for Dannatt , British news reports Friday said Dannatt may be passed over for the job of head of the UK armed forces when he steps down from his current role . News reports said Dannatt , 57 , had irritated top officials with comments on Iraq policy and highlighting serious strains on the armed forces . In July , Dannatt defended himself after reports that he was expected to resign early . In a letter to The Daily Telegraph newspaper , Dannatt said he intended to serve his full term .	British general who advocates a troop "  surge " in Afghanistan to head army Gen. David Richards is the current commander-in-chief of British Land Forces Richards headed NATO 's forces in Afghanistan May 2006 to February 2007
CNN  -- Famous for honest self-portraits , Mexican artist Frida Kahlo said that she painted her reality and that her paintings carried a message of pain . Her life was full of it , both physical and emotional , and she used it to fuel her art . Frida Kahlo was born in this house and lived in it with her husband , Diego Rivera . Much can be learned about both her private and public life by visiting the home she shared , first with her parents and later with her painter husband , Diego Rivera . The bold blue house with red trim stands out in the quiet residential street of the Coyoacán section of Mexico City . It was painted that way because Kahlo and Rivera felt that the bright colors represented Mexican culture better than the original white paint . This home-turned-museum , known as La Casa Azul , is where Frida Kahlo was born , began to paint and died , making the house a witness to one of the most important artistic lives in Mexican history . The museum entrance leads to a large patio where pre-Columbian sculptures collected by Diego Rivera throughout his lifetime are scattered among the plants and fountains . The couple 's love for traditional Mexican art can be seen throughout the house , from the large fireplace designed by Rivera that dominates the first room , resembling a step pyramid like the ones built by the Mayas and Aztecs , to Kahlo 's paintings and the couple 's collection of smaller sculptures . Some of Kahlo 's most well-known works , such as "  Viva la Vida , " a still life of watermelons , are on display in the museum , but it is the personal objects that tell the most interesting stories . An entire room is dedicated to communist paraphernalia . Kahlo was very politically active and did not hide her political leanings . In fact , she and Rivera invited exiled Russian communist revolutionary Leon Trotsky and his wife to live with them in the late '30s . As visitors move through the museum , it is the remnants of Kahlo and Rivera 's private life that begin to tell their story . Part of the collection is a bed with a mirror attached to it , used by Kahlo in order to create many of her celebrated self-portraits . At the age of 18 , she was left bedridden for a few months when her spine was broken in a serious bus and trolley accident . It was during those months that Kahlo began to paint , to help pass the time and keep her spirits up . Also on view are several corsets that Kahlo had to wear during her lifetime because of lasting injuries from the accident , several surgeries and a childhood bout of polio . It was because she began painting that Kahlo met Diego Rivera , who was at the time a famous Mexican muralist . Kahlo wanted to know whether she had talent enough to make art a career , so she sought out Rivera to get his opinion . That was the start of their famously tempestuous relationship . They were married for the first time in 1929 , but after infidelities on both sides  including an affair between Kahlo and Trotsky  , they divorced in 1939 . They were married again a year later . She once commented on their relationship , saying that there had been two great accidents in her life , the trolley and Diego ; Diego , she claimed , had been the worst of the two . The house , which was witness to the birth of Kahlo on July 6 , 1907 , was also witness to her death July 13 , 1954 . Rivera put her ashes in a pre-Columbian urn , which remains in the house to this day . He donated the house in 1957 , and it opened to the public as La Casa Azul , Museo Frida Kahlo in 1958 . So the blue house , which has seen so much of the history of two of Mexico 's most famous artists and was witness to so much of Kahlo 's personal suffering , is open to the public , ready to tell their story to all who are willing to listen .	Frida Kahlo was born in La Casa Azul and lived there with Diego Rivera The house contains the bed where an injured Kahlo started to paint An entire room in the home is dedicated to communist paraphernalia
Washington  CNN  -- Less than 48 hours before primaries in Arizona and Michigan , Mitt Romney received a key endorsement from Arizona 's governor Sunday while his current main challenger , Rick Santorum , appeared to downplay his own chances of winning in the Grand Canyon State . The two are leading the pack in the Republican presidential campaign that includes former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Texas Rep. Ron Paul as it heads into a series of crucial contests in coming weeks , including Super Tuesday on March 6 when 437 delegates from 10 states will be at stake . Michigan is emerging as a showdown between Romney and Santorum , with the outcome expected to significantly impact the campaign . If Romney comes from behind in the polls to win the state considered home turf where his father was governor , he will cement his status as the lone front-runner and presumptive nominee . A Santorum victory would raise further questions about Romney 's ability to attract broad conservative support in the primaries or against President Barack Obama in November 's general election . The latest polls from Michigan and Arizona put Romney and Santorum in a virtual tie in both states , but the trends show Romney increasing his support as Tuesday 's primary approaches . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , a tea party conservative known for legal and public clashes with Obama over immigration policy , announced her endorsement of Romney on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " program Sunday . "  I think he has that pro-business background and he has that political history that I think he would serve America the best of all the candidates , " Brewer said , adding that Romney also has the best chance of defeating Obama in November . Santorum cited negative ads by the Romney campaign and super PAC supporters for the tightening poll numbers , and he sounded resigned to a second-place finish in Arizona . "  That 's another tough state for us , " Santorum told the NBC program . "  Demographically , it does n't work quite as well for us as maybe some other states . " Regardless , he said , the results of Tuesday 's primaries would show the Republican nomination was down to a two-person race pitting him against Romney . Santorum and Gingrich are vying to be the main conservative challenger against the more moderate Romney . Gingrich is banking on a strong Super Tuesday performance in the Southern states of Georgia , which represented in Congress , and neighboring Tennessee to revitalize his flagging campaign . In his push for conservative support , Gingrich warned Sunday in remarks at a Georgia church that liberal elitism was threatening the country . "  You have elites in the bureaucracy , elites in the judgeship , frankly elites in the news media , elites in the academic world , and elites in politics -- and they would all like to impose on us an America that none of us believe in , " Gingrich said . Paul , the libertarian champion who has a devoted but limited support base among mostly young followers , has waged a strategic campaign aimed at accumulating delegates so he can assert influence at the Republican convention in August . So far , Romney 's advantage in money and organization have helped him fend off challenges from a succession of Republican contenders . On Sunday , Romney surrogates appeared on talk shows to boost his chances ahead of the upcoming contests . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , a strong Romney backer , declared on the CBS program "  Face the Nation " that "  Rick Santorum 's not going to be the nominee , " while Arizona Sen. John McCain told CNN 's "  State of the Union " that he was "  confident Mitt will do well on Tuesday night in Arizona and in Michigan and hopefully that will move this process forward so we can concentrate on the real adversary . " Another veteran Senate Republican , Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , also told the CNN program that he expects Romney to win both states on Tuesday . While Graham has yet to endorse a candidate , he praised Romney for "  getting better and better " throughout the campaign season . "  Romney really has sharpened his skills , and I think that will pay dividends if he gets the nomination , " Graham said . Meanwhile , the senior adviser to Obama 's re-election campaign did his best Sunday to encourage a drawn-out Republican nomination process . Former White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs , now advising Obama 's campaign , told CNN that Santorum has a "  legitimate chance " to become the GOP nominee and described the former Pennsylvania senator as a candidate with blue-collar appeal who is "  clearly somebody who has a very different economic background than Mitt Romney . " Predicting Tuesday 's contests in Michigan and Arizona will not be a "  clarifying event , " Gibbs said he expects the primary to go on for "  weeks and weeks . " A tea party group also sought to boost Santorum 's candidacy Sunday , urging Michigan conservatives to donate money and back Santorum even if they support Gingrich in order to damage Romney 's chances . "  No matter who your preferred candidate might be down the road , if you want to stop Mitt Romney , Rick Santorum needs to stop Romney in Michigan , " said an appeal from the Freedom 's Defense Fund . "  We 're trying to make sure that happens . " Romney did a rare talk show appearance on "  Fox News Sunday " in which he defended his stance against the auto industry bailout in 2008 and also parried questions about what critics call his inability as a wealthy businessman to connect with working-class Americans such as tea party conservatives . Last week , Romney 's comment that his family owns several cars kept at different residences , including two Cadillacs driven by his wife , came under media scrutiny . "  You know , I ca n't be perfect . I just am who I am , " Romney said on the Fox program , later adding : "  If people think that there is something wrong with being successful in America , then they better vote for the other guy , because I 've been extraordinarily successful and I want to use that success and that know-how to help the American people . " Romney also pushed back against critics of his opposition to the government bailout of the auto industry when the recession hit in 2008 . Democrats and their labor union supporters have highlighted the Romney stance in Michigan , saying he would have turned his back on workers in a time of need . To Romney , the issue is about government fiscal intervention in a market-driven industry . "  You 've seen all sorts of businesses go in bankruptcy . And they come out and are stronger , " Romney said on Fox . "  This is not the first time that an industry or a company has been in trouble . " He said he opposed "  writing checks " when auto industry leaders asked for help , instead of forcing them into what he called a managed bankruptcy and then helping them recover . "  After bankruptcy , that was the time to give them the financial support , the guarantees to provide the help to get them out of bankruptcy , " Romney added . "  That 's the way it would have been done best . " However , Romney did n't directly respond when asked if his plan would have forced the automakers into a more severe form of bankruptcy that would have resulted in greater job losses and a more difficult recovery . Santorum went after Romney on the auto bailout issue , saying the former Massachusetts governor was ideologically inconsistent because he had supported the government bailout of Wall Street firms but opposed the help for the auto industry . "  Mitt Romney supported his friends on Wall Street and then turned his back on the people of Detroit , " Santorum told the ABC program "  This Week with George Stephanopoulos . " "  Now I say turned his back because he supports the concept of bailouts . I do n't . And that 's the difference between the two approaches . " Santorum also continued to wrestle with the increased attention to his campaign since he surged to the top of polls in recent weeks following his sweep of contests in Minnesota , Missouri and Colorado earlier this month . In his appearances on ABC and NBC , he was questioned about comments last week that challenged Obama 's push for students to attend college and the call more than 50 years ago by former President John F. Kennedy -- the nation 's first Roman Catholic president -- for an absolute separation of church and state . On ABC , Santorum said the Kennedy speech -- which sought to ease concerns about his faith interfering with his ability to govern -- made him sick . "  What kind of country do we live that says only people of non-faith can come into the public square and make their case ? " Santorum said in seeking to link his interpretation of the Kennedy speech with his criticism of the Obama administration for what he calls impeding on religious freedom . "  That makes me throw up and it should make every American who has seen from the president , someone who is now trying to tell people of faith that you will do what the government says , we are going to impose our values on you , " Santorum said , later adding that imposition of government values was "  the next logical step when people of faith , at least according to John Kennedy , have no role in the public square . " On higher education , Santorum was asked about declaring calling Obama a snob for advocating that all American students go to college if possible . After first responding on ABC that not everyone wants or needs a college education to succeed , noting that a trade school or a music career were examples of alternative options , Santorum characterized the majority of U.S. colleges and universities as liberal-biased institutions that are biased against conservative thinkers and religious believers . "  We have some real problems at our college campuses with political correctness , with an ideology that is forced upon people who , you know , who may not agree with the politically correct left doctrine , " Santorum said . "  And one of the things that I 've spoken out on and will continue to speak out is to make sure that conservative and more mainstream , commonsense conservative and principles that have made this country great are reflected in our college courses and with college professors . And at many , many , and I would argue most institutions in this country , that simply is n't the case . " Some Republicans have warned that such strident conservative rhetoric would hurt the party 's cause in the general election against Obama , when the GOP nominee will need the support of independents to win . Christie took that stance Sunday , telling the CBS program that he believed declaring Obama a snob over the higher education issue was "  probably over the line . " He also criticized Santorum for what he called "  naked opportunism " in questioning Romney 's conservative credentials , noting Santorum endorsed Romney in 2008 . CNN 's Dana Bash , Ashley Killough and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	NEW : Newt Gingrich warns that liberal elitism threatens the United States Mitt Romney gets a key endorsement from Arizona 's conservative governor Rick Santorum appears to downplay his chances in Tuesday 's Arizona primary The outcome of the Michigan primary will significantly impact the Republican race
CNN  -- A just-released report from the Institute of Medicine and National Research Council is making news by clearly illustrating that Americans have "  shorter lives and poorer health . " This is somewhat shocking , given how much we spend on health care each year â $ " more than any of the 16 other rich countries surveyed in the study . What 's even more upsetting is that this report focused quite heavily on people who are young . In the United States , even that group fared poorly . Why is this ? Some of the reasons involve choices make at a personal level . We eat too much , abuse drugs too often , wear seat belts too rarely and commit violence against each other to often . Systemic issues are also to blame . We have higher levels of poverty than comparable countries , and our safety net programs are less capable of catching people when they fall . And too many also have too much trouble accessing the health care system , resulting in inefficient , ineffective and often absent care . It 's far too easy to let these dreadful statistics become obscured in a politically charged argument . Let 's avoid that . This report is so stark that it 's going to take a concerted effort on the part of the government , the media , the health care system and everyday citizens to turn things around . Our personal choices are bad . Our safety nets are bad . Our health care system is bad . It 's all bad . How bad ? When compared with peer countries , the United States was the absolute worst with respect to still births , infant mortality and low birth weight . Some have tried to blame this on "  coding " differences . In other words , they will claim that other countries will refuse to define a premature birth as we do , resulting in artificially high numbers in the United States . But when this report recalculated the rates to exclude such births equally in all countries , we still ranked last . Things do n't get better after birth . The chance that a child in the United States will die before age 5 is higher than in any of the other 16 peer countries . Injuries are the most common cause of death , but the United States also has the highest rate of deaths caused by negligence or abuse . And violence is decidedly an American problem . Homicide is the third most common cause of death in children age 1-4 . From age 5-19 , the trend continues . Kids this age in the United States have the worst health ranking of the 17 studied countries . More than one-third of U.S. children age 5-17 are obese or overweight , the highest of any peer country . The adolescent pregnancy rate in the United States is about 3.5 times the average of others . Additionally , the rates of sexually transmitted infections , including syphilis , gonorrhea and chlamydia are the worst compared to peer countries . Nor are these children exempt from death . Injury deaths are more common in 15 - to 19-year-olds in the United States than in any other studied country . Homicide claims the second highest number of lives in 15 - to -24 - year-olds , and 4 in 5 of those deaths involve guns . Males between the ages of 15 and 19 are five times as likely to die from violence in the United States than in other countries . Even as young adults , ages 25-34 , mortality remains consistently upsetting and preventable . Unintentional injuries remain the No. 1 cause of death . The risk of dying by violence remains seven times higher for males in the United States ages 20-24 than in other countries . We have to work together to make these numbers better . Some of them can be improved with public health measures . We need to help Americans be less obese , to have fewer accidents and to commit less violence . There are lots of local studies and initiatives that propose ways to fix these things , but our public health system is woefully underfunded , and translating any promising findings to meaningful societal change poses a huge challenge . We also need to improve our safety nets to help children at the lowest end of the socioeconomic ladder do better , even before they are born . Pregnant women , babies and children suffer from hunger and malnutrition far too often in the richest country in the world . Yet we still debate the merits of the federally funded WIC  Womens , Infants and Children  program , school lunches and food assistance to needy families . Finally , we need to find a way to improve access to the health care system . The Medicaid program covers one in every three births and one in every three children in the United States , and it 's still not enough . As some states balk at expanding Medicaid to cover many of the poorest uninsured , some are still talking about reducing funding to the already stretched program . There 's no question that we have the capability , the knowledge and the resources to care for people . It 's just a matter of doing it better . There will be some who deny these results . Others will try to use them for political gain . That would be a mistake . We have to accept these findings and begin to work holistically to improve them . Being last just is n't the American way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Aaron Carroll : New study shows U.S. health and lifespan worst of 17 rich countries He says it 's because of personal choices , systemic woes . Poverty high , health care uneven He says this particularly affects youth , plagued by sickness , violence , high mortality Carroll : Do n't make it political . The richest country in the world must improve public health
CNN  Gastrointestinal illness has gripped 100 people on the cruise ship Celebrity Infinity , according to a report from the Centers for Disease Control . Of the ship 's 2,117 passengers , 95 have suffered from vomiting , diarrhea and other symptoms , the CDC said . The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew . The CDC has yet to determine what 's causing the ailments . Two staffers from the agency are scheduled to meet the West Coast-based ship in San Diego on Monday . The Infinity left San Diego on March 29 . It made its last stop in Puerto Vallarta , Mexico , on April 10 , according to MarineTraffic.com . Celebrity Cruises has been taking action since the outbreak began , including increasing cleaning and disinfection procedures , keeping passengers informed and taking specimens from the afflicted for testing by the CDC , the agency says . According to the Maritime Executive , this is the third time the Celebrity Infinity has suffered an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness , with others occurring in 2006 and 2013 . The ship was built in 2001 and refurbished in 2011 .	100 passengers and crew members have been sickened on Celebrity Infinity The ship , which is based on the West Coast , left San Diego in late March The CDC is scheduled to board the ship Monday
Washington  CNN  -- When he won re-election by a landslide last year , Chris Christie 's calling card became the Republican who can get Democratic votes . This week , the New Jersey governor travels to three blue states -- Illinois , Connecticut and Michigan -- to show Republicans gubernatorial candidates how it 's done . It 's a busy travel schedule that comes as government sources say they have no evidence so far that Christie was personally involved in last year 's George Washington Bridge scandal . The governor has long said he had no previous knowledge of the plot to close down access lanes to the country 's busiest bridge out of apparent political retribution . Christie is clearly relieved . "  You 're always grateful to hear that the things that I said appear like they 're going to be confirmed , if these reports are accurate , " he said during an "  Ask the Governor " radio program on Thursday . The M.O. of the GOP historically is to have an establishment candidate in waiting -- someone who came close before but lost , like John McCain and Mitt Romney , or someone who captures the money and momentum early on , like George W. Bush . That has n't happened so far in the 2016 presidential cycle , which has allowed Christie to remain viable . Still , it 's not as if the bridge scandal ever stopped him from preparing a potential 2016 White House run . He 's been getting in better shape since he had lap-band surgery in February 2013 . Republican sources confirm to CNN that Christie has lost 85 pounds . He revealed that at a private fundraiser hosted by key GOP donors including David Koch , The New York Times first reported . In fact , CNN is told Christie discussed his weight in response to a donor 's question about his health . Christie has largely taken questions and jokes about his health in stride . At an event in New Jersey with Romney earlier this month , Christie played along as the 2012 GOP nominee recalled a story about how he prepared a large meal for Christie recently , only to realize the governor was trying to lose weight . "  I brought out all this food and put it out in front of the table , " Romney said . "  And Chris sat there and picked at a couple pieces of lettuce . " Still , it 's Christie 's political prep that is most telling . He has been using his platform as chairman of the Republican Governors Association to travel around the country and campaign for candidates on the ballot this year . It 's a job that also lets him meet people who could be helpful in any presidential run , especially the early contest states of Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina . Despite the bridge scandal making headlines not long after Christie became chairman , the governor has still raised a whopping $ 75 million for the organization . How to campaign without campaigning He 's also going to key swing states such as Florida and North Carolina , as well as some red states such as Alabama , Arkansas , Mississippi and Oklahoma -- where the New Jersey governor could use some get-to-know-ya time . But along the way , he has seen firsthand evidence of conservative skepticism about the Garden State governor 's ideology . The group Judicial Crisis Network , for example , spent money on negative ads in Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina as Christie was visiting the states . The ads blasted Christie for appointing liberal judges to the New Jersey Supreme Court . Another potential problem for Christie - especially among the fiscal conservatives in his party , is that New Jersey 's credit rating has been downgraded eight times since he became governor in 2010 . Christie aides argue the reasons for the downgrading go back to fiscal decisions made before he was elected governor five years ago . But for fiscal conservatives looking for a presidential candidate who can get the country out of debt , it could be a deal breaker politically .	Chris Christie has lost 85 pounds as he gears up for a possible White House run The New Jersey governor has traveled to 28 states in the past year Christie is chairman of the Republican Governors Association The position has allowed him to to meet with donors and activists in key states
CNN  -- If you 've been weighing buying a new Mac or iPad but are holding out for one of Apple 's rare discounts , Black Friday is your chance . As it 's done in recent years , Apple is holding a "  one-day shopping event " for the day after Thanksgiving . A page on Apple 's site invites Black Friday shoppers to visit its online store ; it 's not clear whether the same deals will be offered at the company 's retail stores as well . Apple 's promotional copy touts "  iPad , iPod and Mac gifts . " Conspicuously absent is any mention of deals on the new iPhone 4S , which starts at $ 199  with two-year wireless-carrier contract  and will probably not be discounted . In typically cryptic fashion , the company is n't offering specifics on its seasonal markdowns . But the blog 9to5Mac published what it claims are some leaked details : Modest discounts of $ 101 on Macs , $ 41 - $ 61 on iPads  depending on storage capacity  and $ 21 - $ 41 on iPods . Those would be in line with the Black Friday deals Apple offered last year , although the company only marked its iPads down by $ 41 . 9to5Mac also says some accessories , such as iPad covers , will be discounted Friday . There was no mention of any deals on iPhones . An Apple spokesman declined to comment Wednesday on the report or on potential discounts . Even at a briefly discounted price of $ 458 , the cheapest iPad has new competition this holiday season from smaller , less expensive tablets like Amazon 's Kindle Fire  $ 199  and Barnes & Noble 's Nook Tablet  $ 249  . BlackBerry also has slashed the price of its 7-inch PlayBook tablet from $ 499 to about $ 200 , depending on the retailer . Some observers also had expected Black Friday to mark the debut of Apple 's huge new retail store inside New York City 's iconic Grand Central Station . But according to tech-news blog Mashable , a CNN.com content partner , construction workers at the site do n't expect the store to open until December .	Apple is holding a "  one-day shopping event " on Black Friday Discounts are expected on iPads , iPods and Macs but not iPhones Even a discounted iPad has competition from smaller , less expensive tablets
Luay al-Khatteeb has spoken to CNN previously about the rise of ISIS , and the challenges facing the Iraq 's new oil minister , Adel Abdul Mahdi . Now , U.S. airstrikes have hit locations in eastern Syria where ISIS has been using mobile refineries to produce oil . CNN has revisited the conversation to find out the likely impact of the strikes . This is al-Khatteeb 's analysis of the situation . What impact will the U.S. strikes on oil refineries have on ISIS ? The impact of these strikes on ISIS oil refineries are going to be immense and grave . If they are hitting the facilities and the oil convoys on the smuggling roads they will significantly disrupt supply and regular production . If the bombardments continue it will impact the energy supply and deny ISIS much-needed fuel for their mobility and the servicing of the communities under their rule -- now around 8 million people between Iraq and Syria . It makes sense to target the refineries rather than the oil fields , as the crude ca n't be used to drive the tankers . The crude can be sold but the refined oil is much more valuable . The U.S. and its allies now need to clamp down on the borders to break the smuggling routes , particularly into Turkey . If the ISIS refineries are completely hit , the group will need to rely on oil being refined in Turkey via the black market . These roads now need to be closely monitored , there needs to be sharing of information and the cross-border networks need to be targeted . How much oil does ISIS control ? ISIS , in control of a large swathe of eastern Syria , is now handling 60 % of the country 's oil assets and producing 50,000 barrels a day . This is not full capacity -- pre-conflict , the assets would have produced around 220,000 barrels a day out of the country 's 385,000 , according to Iraq Energy Institute figures . However , ISIS do control key oil fields including Al Omar , Tanak and Shadadi . ISIS also handle at least 25,000 barrels of oil a day in north and mid-west Iraq , but that is only a small slice of the country 's total production . This oil has found its way to the global economy through Turkey 's southern corridor . This black-economy zone is known for its oil trades , smuggling antiquities from Iraq and Syria 's ancient sites , and funneling thousands of jihadists to both countries . Many observers see Turkey turning a blind eye on a zone that is actively contributing to the instability of the Middle East . Southern Turkey has become ISIS ' safe haven for treating wounded fighters , a gateway for foreign jihadists , and a financial hub that brings ISIS over $ 3 million a day in oil money . What should be done to tackle the black market in oil ? Now that ISIS are involved in trucking oil out of Iraq , Iraqi Kurdistan must better comply with the federal regulations and stop any trucking of oil for export not accounted for by the federal authority . There is a risk the oil would be mixed with other smuggled quantities by ISIS to Turkish black markets . Moreover , the U.S. and the UN Security Council must enforce harsh measures on countries not doing enough to close down black markets contributing to transnational terrorism . Iraq has a new oil minister -- how will he help ? This month , Adil Abdul Mahdi was appointed as oil minister . On his first day , he visited the besieged refinery of Baiji , which will help build respect for him in the industry . The facility has been under siege since ISIS occupied the city of Tikrit two months ago . Abdul Mahdi is a senior politician with a background in economics , and his appointment is welcome news to international companies . However , as a non-oil veteran his leadership skills have yet to be tested . He faces numerous challenges including resolving issues with the Kurdistan Regional Government , restoring the damaged petroleum industry and ramping up production to meet Iraq 's planned target of nine million barrels per day by 2020 , key objectives the government hopes to achieve within the next four years . If he succeeds , his name will be immortalized in history as the savior of a united Iraq . Will he be able to influence the fight against ISIS ? Although the ministry of oil has a few thousand affiliated security forces , their job is not counter-terrorism -- they are not trained to handle such missions . This task will be for the Iraqi special forces , intelligence services and the army . However , he can help . The people of the Sunni-dominated provinces are hijacked by three issues . They are : ISIS , a lack of reconciliation and an uncertain economic future . Abdul Mahdi could do more to push ISIS out of current Sunni-controlled provinces by promoting oil projects that offer local jobs and investment opportunities . He could strike a deal with local tribes and businessmen to develop plans for the rehabilitation of their provinces , something that would need to be done as part of a wider reconciliation agenda . After all , the rise of ISIS could have been avoided had there been real political conciliation and economic plans in place to resolve the country 's challenges . Abdul Mahdi can take some comfort from the fact around 90 % of Iraq 's oil production is in the south , and 10 % is in Kurdistan Regional Government-controlled area , so the bulk of Iraq 's super giant production centers are safe . But without having the security situation resolved in Iraq 's ISIS-controlled regions , it will be impossible to resume operations , let alone consider development of the oil and gas upstream sector in conflict zones . What 's the backdrop to Abdul Mahdi 's appointment ? When ISIS invaded the Sunni-dominated part of Iraq , sympathetic Sunni insurgencies helped them expand into large areas of land , including seven oil fields with a total capacity of 80,000 barrels per day in Mosul , Tikrit and territories bordering Kirkuk . By the end of June , 20,000 barrels had been reported as smuggled from the field of Ajil , traded at $ 25 to $ 60 per barrel . Later on , ISIS drew on oil in the fields of Hamrin , Qayyara , Ain Zala and Butma , pushing ISIS-controlled oil production to nearly 40,000 barrels per day . With the help of local middlemen -- who control the supply chain by extracting oil , trucking it across territory trucking tankers , paying off border checkpoints and handling sales -- the northern part of the Arabian Peninsula has become a black-market zone funding transnational terrorism , led by ISIS and other Qaeda splinter groups . Oil revenues have contributed to expanding ISIS recruitment , with the group 's numbers now estimated to be in excess of 30,000 .	Luay al-Khatteeb says ISIS now controls 60 % of Syria 's oil assets and a slice of Iraq 's The oil is sold through black market routes , particularly into Turkey Iraq appointed a new oil minister this month , who could help crack down on ISIS al-Khatteeb says the minister can assist by backing big oil projects that create jobs
CNN  -- Actor Nicholas Brendon , best known as Xander Harris on the "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " TV series , was arrested in Boise , Idaho , showing signs of intoxication , police said . Brendon was in town for the Tree City Comic Con . Police were called to a downtown hotel Friday after reports of a disturbance in the lobby , according a news release from the Boise Police Department . "  When officers arrived , they found the suspect who showed signs of intoxication and repeatedly refused officers commands to stay seated while officers tried to speak with witnesses , " the release said . "  When the suspect continued to try and walk away , officers took him into custody for resisting and obstructing . " The hotel staff said Brendon had broken a decorative dish and they wanted to press charges . He was booked into the Ada County Jail and bonded out , police said . Brendon is charged with two misdemeanors -- malicious injury to property and resisting or obstructing officers . Police say additional charges are possible . Brendon remained on the schedule to speak at an event Saturday evening . His Twitter account thanked fans for their "  love , support and positive vibes . " On Monday , Brendon took to his Facebook to write , "  I can offer an explanation but I make no excuse for my unacceptable behavior . " He said that he had a cyst behind his kneecap , for which he was taking pain medication , which he then mixed with alcohol . Calling the resulting episode "  embarrassing and unacceptable , " he said , "  I intend to seek appropriate treatment and therapy for my medical ailments as well as my emotional demons . " He closed with , "  Again : I apologize . Those two small words do n't begin to express my regrets , but they do mark the beginning of my recovery . During this difficult time , I appreciate understanding as I pursue rehabilitation -- and I value support as I earn redemption with my family , friends , and fans . "	Nicholas Brendon was in Boise , Idaho , for the Tree City Comic Con He 's best known for playing Xander Harris on the "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " TV series He was arrested at a downtown hotel after reports of a disturbance Brendon is charged with 2 misdemeanors ; other charges are possible
CNN  -- France 's Pierrick Fedrigo won stage 15 of the Tour de France on Monday , as Britain 's Bradley Wiggins consolidated his hold on the leader 's yellow jersey . The 158.5-kilometer ride between Samatan and Pau saw a further six riders withdraw from the race as cycling 's premier event entered its third and final week . Fedrigo became the fourth Frenchman to win a stage at this year 's race when he beat Christian Vande Velde in a sprint to the line in Pau . The two racers had surged ahead of the leading pack with 6.5 km to go . "  I do n't know why I attacked , it was just instinct . But when Vande Velde stopped giving me relays in the last kilometer I knew that I would soon have to sprint , " Fedrigo said . "  Thankfully , I 've got a little more punch than him . " Wiggins edged nearer to a place in the record books with a solid , if uninspiring , ride . No Englishman has won the Tour de France before , and Wiggins ' Team Sky have made it clear they value the yellow jersey above the other titles on offer . Last year 's green jersey winner Mark Cavendish would have expected to be part of the pack sprinting for a stage win , but he stuck to team orders and helped protect Wiggins as he rode to maintain his overall lead . The 32-year-old , who was born in Belgium where his Australian father was based , finished in the peloton 11 minutes and 50 seconds behind Fedrigo . Wiggins remained two minutes and five seconds ahead of teammate Chris Froome , with Italy 's Vincenzo Nibali third at 2:23 behind and Australia 's defending champion Cadel Evans fourth  3:19  . The leader described Cavendish as "  a great champion and a great friend " after the race , and admitted that his teammate had "  been so committed to my cause -- to the yellow jersey . " Chasing down history : Wiggins ' Tour quest Team Sky will , however , try to give Olympic hopeful Cavendish a chance to win Sunday 's final sprint stage in Paris . "  Obviously there is still the stage to Paris for him , and we 're going to lay it down in Paris for him and try to get him the win there , " Wiggins said . "  He 's also got the Olympic road race , that 's his main objective this year . In the end , we 've got a difficult task on our hands to try to win the yellow jersey . " With only five stages left in this year 's Tour , the field is now down to 156 riders following 42 withdrawals . Sylvain Chavanel was Monday 's most notable retiree . The French time trial champion was struggling to breathe as he felt the effects of a chest infection . "  He 's lost his voice and he 'd been finding it hard to breathe , " explained his team Omega-Pharma 's sporting director Brian Holm . "  This morning he was really sick . He spoke with the doctors of the team and they 've advised him it would be best to pull out of the Tour . " The riders have a rest day on Tuesday before resuming with a 197 km ride from Pau to Bagneres-du-Luchon , including four mountain climbs , on Wednesday .	Pierrick Fedrigo becomes fourth French stage winner at this year 's race Wiggins thanks Cavendish for sacrificing himself for yellow jersey chase Six more riders withdraw from race as it enters the closing stages
CNN  -- In 2007 , at the dawn of the app market , few would have predicted the industry would soon become a billion dollar business . But thanks to the popularity of Apple 's iPhone , Google 's Android and other smartphone platforms , the app business is booming . Mobile phone apps are expected to generate $ 25 billion in worldwide sales in 2013 , up 62 % from last year , according to new research from Gartner Inc. . The study was first reported by the Wall Street Journal Monday . The exponential growth mirrors that of smartphones -- for the first time this year , more smartphones are forecast to be shipped globally than feature phones , according to a report released Monday by IDC , the technology market research firm . IDC projects that vendors will ship 919 million smartphones this year -- 50.1 % of total mobile phone shipments . "  Much of the world 's smartphone shipments were a direct result of demand in mature economies such as the U.S. , " IDC wrote . "  The balance of smartphone demand is gradually shifting , however , to emerging markets where smartphone user bases are still relatively small and economic prospects are considerably higher . " China is leading the charge in the developing world , passing the U.S. last month to become the world 's top country for Android and Apple iOS smartphones and tablets , according to Flurry Inc. , a mobile analytics firm . That 's helping to feed the app frenzy . Apple and Google now have more than 700,000 apps in their respective app stores . The time people spend using apps is growing , too . From December 2011 to December 2012 , time spent by app users in the U.S. grew from 94 minutes to 127 minutes a day , according to Flurry . The new "  app economy " has created about 466,000 jobs in the U.S. from 2007 to 2012 , according to a study last year by TechNet . But the explosion of smartphone applications will likely decrease the odds for bedroom developers dreaming of app riches . "  You do still see the success stories but they are fewer and farther between , " Mashable 's Christine Warren told CNN . "  A lot of it has to do with luck , " she said . "  Having a well-designed app , an app that works well with mobile so it takes advantage of the camera , it takes advantage of geolocation features , it can connect in with other apps and services -- that goes a long way . Catching the attention of the right websites and "  staying in the top 10 , top 50 of the best selling list goes a long way toward long-term success , " she said . CNN 's Andrew Stevens contributed to this report .	The global app industry will grow to $ 25 billion in 2013 , Gartner Inc. projects Comes as sales of smartphones are projected to eclipse feature phones for the first time Last month , China became the top market for Android and Apple iOS smartphones and tablets Smartphone users in the U.S. now spend more than two hours a day using apps
CNN  -- Bangladesh 's prime minister acknowledged Thursday that her nation 's garment industry is beset with problems , but said her government is moving rapidly to fix them . "  Bangladesh now is a place for good conditions for the investment , " Sheikh Hasina told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour eight days after a nine-story building collapsed on the outskirts of Dhaka , killing at least 437 people , most of them garment workers . She said 2,437 survivors were pulled from the rubble , where recovery work was continuing . "  Yes , there are some problems , " she said , but added that a committee has been formed to ensure the safety of buildings and workers . "  This committee will submit the findings to the Cabinet committee and , side by side , we have been trying our best to improve the situation . " Hasina expressed little fear that international companies would stop doing business in Bangladesh as a result of the disaster . Investors have tapped into the Bangladeshi market not just because of its high-quality workers , she said . "  They get cheap labor , " she said . "  That 's why they come here . " Bangladesh vs. the U.S. : How much does it cost to make a denim shirt ? But at least one company has pulled out of Bangladesh , citing a spate of fatal factory accidents . The Walt Disney Company sent a letter in March to vendors and licensees to transition production out of the "  highest-risk countries , " such as Bangladesh , in order to bolster safety standards in its supply chain . Disney will halt production in four other countries : Ecuador , Venezuela , Belarus and Pakistan , by April 2014 . The decision was made before last week 's building collapse . It was prompted by the November fire at the Tazreen Fashions Factory in Bangladesh 's capital Dhaka that killed 112 people , and another fire in Pakistan that killed 262 garment workers last September . Disney pulls out of Bangladesh factories Asked about reports that only 18 inspectors are responsible for overseeing safety conditions in more than 100,000 garment factories in and around the capital city , Hasina said , "  We do n't depend on only ... those inspectors . " Steps to improve conditions were taken before the collapse of the building in Rana Plaza in Savar , she said , citing passage by the Cabinet of a labor law that will be sent to Parliament . Hasina noted that workplace disasters have occurred in the United States , too ; she cited last month 's explosion of a fertilizer plant in West , Texas , in which 14 people died . "  Anywhere in the world , any accident can take place , " she said . "  You can not predict anything . " Amanpour , CNN 's chief international correspondent , pointed out that local officials predicted that the building could collapse after cracks appeared on its walls on April 23 , and they urged workers not to re-enter it . "  You are very correct , " Hasina said . "  Unfortunately , in the morning , the owners of the factories put pressure to labor to enter . " She praised government officials for trying to prevent the workers at the five garment factories in the building from re-entering it on April 24 , the morning of the collapse . "  It is not true that the government has n't taken any steps , " she said . She blamed the owners of the five factories as well as Sohel Rana , the building 's owner , and disputed the suggestion that their political connections could protect them . Rana is under police investigation in relation to the deaths and has had his assets seized . Protesters have called for him to be hanged . "  The law will take its own course , " she said . "  Criminal is criminal . They will get all the necessary action ; that we can assure you . It is our promise to the people . " Hasina added , "  Any business person , if they commit any kind of crime , our government always takes action . " She pointed to the companies that source their products from such factories , saying they should pay well enough that factory owners can pay good salaries and ensure the business is safely run . "  They 're partly responsible for it , " she said . And she urged that the disaster be considered in context . "  You can not blame the whole business or whole industry just for one incident , " she said . Hasina said officials in her government "  are in favor of labor , " having increased the minimum wage by 82 % , built dormitories and seen to the health care needs of workers . She denied that the killing last year of a labor leader signified that her government is hostile toward unions . Aminul Islam 's body , bearing signs of torture , was found four days after he disappeared in April 2012 . "  Nobody knew that he was a labor leader , " she said . It was only after his body was found , she said , "  that we came to know that he was a labor leader and he was assassinated . " More than a year later , she said , the case remains under investigation . The interview was carried out via satellite by Amanpour in New York and the prime minister in Dhaka . CNN has been unable to gain visas from the Bangladeshi government that would allow the network to send reporters to cover the country first-hand . That assertion was corroborated by a CNN executive , but the prime minister disputed it . "  It is not true , " Hasina said . "  We never stop any media to come to Bangladesh . " Asked about restrictions on coverage imposed by the visa office , she said , "  Every country has these rules and regulations . " Thursday 's interview came as activity resumed at thousands of Bangladeshi textile factories . Millions of workers in and around the Bangladeshi capital , Dhaka , returned to duty after the trade group that represents the garment industry decided it was safe to do so . This week , a delegation of the International Labour Organization arrived in Dhaka on a four-day visit to Bangladesh . "  Horror and regret must translate into urgent firm action , " said Guy Ryder , the organization 's director-general . "  Action now can prevent further tragedy . Inaction would mean that the next tragedy is simply a matter of time . " The incident has provoked widespread protests , including attacks on some textile facilities the demonstrators said are unsafe . The garment industry accounts for 77 % of Bangladesh 's exports -- a $ 20 billion industry for the nation .	Disney pulls out of Bangladesh factories Bangladesh now is good for investment , Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina says She cites the formation of a committee to improve safety after a horrific building collapse "  The law will take its own course , " Hasina says
CNN  I remember some lonely Valentine 's Days . Yes , you know it 's just one big commercial Hallmark invention . But you still envy your peers who are sitting down to an expensive candlelit dinner with their honey , loving their cheesy card and enjoying the roses . You think that every couple you see is lucky in love , even though it 's not true . If you drill down on your blossoming blues , you will feel like you are destined to be alone forever and then work yourself up into a pretty yucky pity-party . I am not making light of the situation . Being single on February 14 can be painful when the day is marketed everywhere as the official designated romantic day of the year . It 's especially miserable if you 've been trying hard to meet someone and striking out , or if you 've recently broken up with someone you loved . It 's important to try and do an end run around any deepening sadness . There are a number of ways to avoid a noxious slump . You can remind yourself how lucky you are in other ways  mildly effective  , how artificial the day is  so what ?  , how many of those couples will actually break up  mean-spirited  or you can make Valentine 's Day a blast and actually enjoy yourself . Do n't turn Valentine 's Day into a Cry Day , a Moping Day or a Drinking Day . Here are some of my favorite remedies for lonely Valentine 's Days : Distract yourself with something fabulous Sometimes , that 's the only way to get out of a really bad mood . In other words , simply be so engaged in something that you ca n't even remember it is Valentine 's Day . So this would be a good day to go do something that was fully absorbing and exciting . It might mean going to a scalper and splurging on a great game , band or Broadway show . Or , be a tourist in your own city and go on a city lights helicopter tour , or do your first sky dive . Less expensive , but still expansive -- how about signing up for a day or evening at a Korean or Russian spa and getting the full treatment ! The point of all this is to keep yourself in the moment as opposed to being alone with your refrigerator , giving in to its siren call to open the door and eat every carton of ice Have a fantastic dinner party with friends Happy is the person with a dense network of friends . A study by a group of researchers at Brigham Young Hospital said that having a "  rich network " of intimate relationships  friends and family  was more predictive of mental and physical health than whether the person struggled with alcoholism , smoking or major diseases . There is basically nothing better for you than hanging out with people you love or like a lot . A raucous dinner party of your favorite peeps is going to make you happy , feel fortunate and know that your life is on the right track , whether or not you have that special someone . Better yet , make it a pajama party so you are not alone at 2 a.m. wondering why you ever got a king-sized mattress . Spend a day with Mother Nature Yes , your heart beats faster when you are in love . But it also beats faster when you are in the mountains hiking , snowshoeing , skiing or maybe on dirt bikes exploring back woods trails . Mother Nature fills your heart with wonder , even adoration , and those endorphins pulsing through your body create contentment and sometimes , bliss . Your world seems complete -- and it is . Feeling strong and getting physical is a good anecdote to the blues . And if the outdoors does n't woo you , consider finding a gym "  boot camp " for the weekend or sign up for a dance class that does n't need to be partnered . I learned some African dances from the Sierra Leone area and they are a perfect way to raise the mood . Make someone else 's day great There 's nothing like going to help someone less fortunate than you that makes you kick yourself in the butt for even momentarily feeling sorry for yourself . Bring Valentines to a children 's hospital , a homeless shelter or maybe just your shut-in great aunt . Give joy to others . You will like yourself better and you might continue this custom even after you have found a loving partner . Maybe get a group of other single friends to go with you and go out afterward together so that you can share that fulfilled feeling of having given love to people who badly need it . There are other things you can do , but the point is that single people can find a way to celebrate this day that will not feel like a compromise . Love is wonderful -- it expands your heart and soul -- but you do n't need a spouse or partner to experience it . On the other hand , be assured , romantic love is out there and it only takes one great introduction , one chance moment in a grocery store , or one click of a profile online to change your luck and make next Valentine 's Day a very different one . But who knows ? You might like all the things you did this Valentine 's Day so much that you 'll do the same thing next year -- just adding , the love of your life .	Being single on Valentine 's Day can be painful when it 's marketed everywhere as the romantic day of the year Do n't turn Valentine 's Day into a Cry Day , a Moping Day or a Drinking Day
New York  CNN  -- As snow fell across New York Harbor , Isabel Belarsky clutched her mother , Clara , aboard a passenger ship that puttered toward Ellis Island and wondered what their new lives would bring . The year was 1930 . About a week earlier , the 10-year-old girl from what is now called St. Petersburg , Russia , had embarked on a transatlantic journey with her Ukrainian parents from the French port city of Cherbourg , escaping what she described as Jewish persecution at the start of Joseph Stalin 's Soviet Union . On an island near Manhattan stood the copper colossus that would etch her first memories of the new world . "  It was a wonderful sight , " she said of the Statue of Liberty , which marked its 125th anniversary Friday . The idea for the monument is thought to have been conceived at a 19th-century dinner party among French aristocrats , historians say , who sought to pay tribute to American liberty . And while the French gift is also widely believed to have at least in part catered to domestic politics , for many , it quickly became a symbol of hope and promise in America 's post - Civil War period . "  The arrival on Ellis Island is the fulfillment that you know something good is going to happen to you , " said Belarksy , now a 91-year-old widow living in a Russian enclave of Brooklyn , New York . Her family became part of the more than 12 million immigrants processed through Ellis Island between 1892 and 1954 , according to the U.S. National Park Service . Adjacent to Ellis towers Lady Liberty , measuring more than 305 feet from base to torch . Originally , the statue was supposed to be an Egyptian peasant girl that would have stood at the entrance of Egypt 's then-new Suez Canal , but plans would evolve into the Roman goddess who would instead adorn New York Harbor . "  The sculptor ,  Frederic  Bartholdi , was very clever , " said Edward Berenson , professor of history and director of the Institute of French Studies at New York University . "  He put  the statue  where he did because it 's right at the narrows of New York Harbor , so he knew that every boat that came into New York would have to come really close to it . People felt like they could reach out and touch it , " he said . Inspired perhaps by Egypt 's colossal statues during his own travels to Cairo , Berenson noted , Bartholdi sought to build a monument of his own in a tribute to American liberty and its newfound emancipation of the slaves . The statue rests atop a sculpted wrangling of broken chains on New York 's Liberty Island . Only years later , Berenson argues , did the monument come to symbolize immigration to the broader public , despite the structure 's engraved plaque bearing the now-famous poem by Emma Lazarus , asking for the "  huddled masses yearning to breathe free . " Like many who made the perilous journey , Belarsky said , she had often wondered what kind of life was waiting for her on the shores behind the monument . "  It was quite frightening , " she recalled . "  The three of us , my father , my mother and I , wanted for someone to come with money or to tell us what 's next . " And though a U.S. law passed six years earlier had largely restricted immigration , her father , Sidor , had managed to secure three tickets to America by way of a talent scout who visited the Leningrad conservatory where he had performed as an opera singer . "  He had such a beautiful voice , " she said . Their travel permit , however , was only temporary . Sidor had acquired a six-month visa to teach at Brigham Young University , Belarsky said . The young family would nonetheless settle more permanently in a west Manhattan apartment . And unlike many who eventually returned to their homelands in Europe , the Belarskys decided to leave St. Petersburg -- then known as Leningrad -- behind . "  Authorities were starting to clamp down and consolidate the social state and Soviet power around Stalin , " said Fiona Hill , a Russia expert at the Washington-based Brookings Institution . "  As an opera singer , you might not have wanted to start singing Soviet anthems . " So the young family left Russia without plans to return , Belarsky added . And though many immigrants entered the United States through Boston , Philadelphia , San Francisco , New Orleans and Miami , historians say steamship companies most often cruised into New York Harbor , commonly making the Statue of Liberty the first land sighting for new arrivals . "  Everybody spoke of the golden land , " Belarksy said . " ` Come to America , where there 's gold on the streets , ' until they came here and they had to live in walk-up tenement houses , " she said , referencing hardships often endured in overcrowded city buildings . Immigrants also commonly faced unsanitary and unsafe work conditions on docks and in factories as America 's need for industrial labor grew . "  If you think immigration is unpopular now , " Berenson said , "  if anything , it was even more unpopular in the 1890s and the first part of the 20th century . " Successive immigrant waves , however , still rushed to America 's shores through Ellis Island and past the Statue of Liberty , often buoyed by the prospect of economic opportunity . "  I think it took a while for people to think of themselves as Americans , " Berenson said . "  For an awful lot of people , what they wanted was to think of themselves as whatever they were originally and as Americans too . " Anniversary celebrations of the Statue of Liberty were marked Friday by a series of official speeches and an array of webcams , provided by Earthcam , that streamed video footage from the torch . The statue will close for renovations starting Saturday , though Liberty Island will remain open , according to the National Park Service .	Friday marks the 125th anniversary of the unveiling of the Statue of Liberty A Russian immigrant recalls her Ellis Island passage in 1930 The Statue of Liberty was a French gift Webcams stream video footage from the torch on anniversary
Beijing  CNN  -- Bo Xilai , once seen as one of the rising stars of Chinese politics , has been removed from his prominent provincial post after a scandal involving one of his key deputies . Zhang Dejiang , a Chinese vice premier , will replace Bo as Communist Party chief of Chongqing , the biggest metropolis in southwestern China , the official news agency Xinhua reported Thursday . The announcement deals a crippling blow to Bo , a polarizing figure in Chinese politics who many observers had previously considered to be a future contender for the top leadership roles . In recent years , Bo had pushed a series of aggressive political campaigns in Chongqing , including the "  dahei , " or anti-gangs initiative , which targeted mafia-like criminal groups . The approach divided opinions in China , with some lauding its effectiveness and others criticizing it as heavy handed . But in recent weeks , his foothold near the summit of the Chinese Communist Party started to crumble . Wang Lijun , the man who helped Bo spearhead the anti-criminal crackdown , was also at the heart of the scandal that appears to have brought him down . Wang is a decorated policeman whom Bo appointed as Chongqing 's police chief . Following the well publicized anti-crime push , Wang became a vice mayor of the city . But in early February , he set off a frenzy of intrigue and speculation by entering the U.S. consulate in Chengdu , six hours ' drive from Chongqing , and staying there for one day . Rumors began to circulate that he had tried to defect . What really transpired in the consulate remains unclear . The United States downplayed it as a scheduled visit and said that Wang left of his own volition . But the Chinese authorities subsequently placed him under investigation . The Chinese prime minister , Wen Jiabao , hinted at the level of displeasure in Beijing about the affair during a news conference Wednesday . He said the Chongqing authorities must "  seriously " reflect on and draw lessons from the Wang incident . "  As far as the result of the investigation and how this matter will be handled are concerned , an answer must be given to the people and the result of the investigation should be able to stand the test of law and history , " Wen said after the conclusion of the annual parliamentary session in Beijing . His comments now appear to have been an early indication of the fate awaiting Bo . "  The news came faster than I expected , " said Wenran Jiang , political science professor at the University of Alberta . But Bo 's removal was "  not surprising , given Wen Jiabao 's tone , " he said . Bo , 62 , had served as Chongqing party chief since November 2007 . Before that , he was party chief of Liaoning Province , where huge state-run corporations were concentrated . He also served as minister of commerce and mayor of Dalian , a progressive coastal city in northeastern China . Bo and his successor , Zhang , are members of the policy-making political bureau of the Communist Party of China . Zhang , 65 , is a former party secretary of the economically powerful southern province of Guangdong . CNN 's Tim Schwartz contributed to this report .	Bo Xilai , a prominent Chinese provincial leader , has been dogged by a scandal Vice Premier Zhang Dejiang has replaced Bo as Chongqing Communist Party chief The scandal involved one of Bo 's deputies , who is under investigation
CNN  -- Increasingly , it feels like there is no reprieve from the assault of natural disasters . Month after month , we go from winter storms to spring floods , to tornado and hail storms , to hurricanes , to wildfires , with an earthquake thrown in every so often just to remind us that the seasons do n't always dictate the disasters . As a hazard scientist , I am in tune daily with the looming threats of nature and the the places that are most susceptible . Many people , however , do n't realize the full extent of the risk they face in their own hometowns and neighborhoods . All it really takes is one catastrophe , like Hurricane Sandy , or the tornado that ripped through Moore , Oklahoma , to turn everyone 's attention to the true reality of hazard risk . No place in the United States is risk-free . Some regions of the country are more prone to certain events than others , so in those cases it is never a question of "  if , " but rather a question of "  when " and "  how severe will it be ? " Walking the path of a killer tornado We hear about earthquakes and wildfires in California , hurricanes in Florida or Louisiana , floods along the Mississippi , and probably most well-known , tornadoes in the Midwestern states that make up "  Tornado Alley . " But it would be shortsighted to think these regions have cornered the market on natural hazards . A deeper investigation reveals just how widespread these natural disasters can be . Wildfires burned more than 9 million acres in the U.S. last year . Although California certainly felt the heat with nearly 900,000 acres burned , three other states each lost more than 1 million acres to wildfires in 2012 as well . Idaho had 1.6 million acres scorched and in both Montana and Oregon , 1.2 million acres burned . Yet we do n't hear as much about the fires in those states as we do about the blazes near San Diego or Los Angeles . In fact , 49 states are listed on the National Interagency Fire Center website as having lost acreage to wildfires in 2012 . Even Hawaii lost 3 square miles of land in 2012 , though few people would likely consider the islands to have any wildfire risk . Opinion : How can we be safe from tornadoes ? Hurricane-driven storm surge was the lead story when Hurricane Sandy pushed ashore in New York and New Jersey in 2012 . But Manhattan had braced for the threat of Hurricane Irene just the year before , a reminder that nature does not space these events to fit our expectations of how often surprising weather events happen . Aside from our heightened awareness of risk in the Northeast , 19 coastal states along the Gulf and Atlantic shorelines all have some degree of flooding risk from hurricane-driven storm surge , stretching from Texas to Maine . Not a single one of these states has less than $ 2 billion worth of residential property located in a storm-surge zone . The potential of a devastating hurricane is not limited to the states we think of as traditional targets . And of course , there are tornadoes . They hit with less warning than wildfires or hurricanes and are capable of producing tremendous , almost instantaneous damage . It would be comforting for us who live outside Tornado Alley to think that wo n't happen to us . But the numbers tell a different story . From 2000 to 2011 , about 6,700 tornadoes hit in the eight states typically identified as Tornado Alley : Kansas , Oklahoma , Illinois , Nebraska , Texas , Colorado , South Dakota and North Dakota . But 8,800 tornadoes touched down in at least 16 other states during the same time period , in Iowa , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , North Carolina , South Carolina , Arkansas , Indiana , Missouri , Georgia , Ohio , Wisconsin , Minnesota , Florida , Tennessee and Kentucky . The Tornado Alley states lost $ 2.5 billion in residential property damage from 2000 to 2011 -- but consider that the 16 states outside the Alley suffered nearly $ 15.5 billion in damage during that same time . Opinion : The making of a nightmare tornado Are there more severe weather events now than in the past ? There 's no clear answer . Media coverage has made us more aware , and scientific methods of detection and analysis are much better than 50 years ago . Because disasters are reported more extensively now than ever , it might skew our perception of their frequency . But whether the number of tornadoes , fires , hurricanes and the like is on the rise , it 's a sure thing that the population has risen , and continues to rise each year by about 2.5 million a year , according to the Census Bureau . This means that more people will be living in areas at risk , and the number of homes , buildings and infrastructure will be greater . The value of the properties has increased over the years , so any disaster will cause more damage in dollars and cents . More often than not , people outside of traditionally perceived hazard risk regions are not prepared for a weather related disaster . The solution to this inattention begins with awareness and getting familiar with the best tactics to prevent or minimize damage . It 's impossible to prevent many of these natural hazards , yet homeowners who are aware of risk can prepare for it -- clearing brush around the house and building with fire resistant materials if they happen to live somewhere where fires have struck , for example . Though you most likely wo n't be able to build a structure that can withstand an F5 tornado , you certainly can prepare and have a safe location to ride out a storm until the threat passes . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Jeffery .	Tom Jeffery : It seems like natural disasters are hitting with no reprieve Jeffery : No place in the U.S. is risk-free , but in some regions , it 's not "  if " but "  when " From 2000 to 2011 , he says , almost 9,000 tornadoes hit states outside Tornado Alley Jeffery : As U.S. population grows every year , so does the cost of severe weather
London  CNN  -- The British press should be regulated by an independent group supported by law and with the power to fine , a judge recommended Thursday in a long-awaited report sparked by a phone-hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch 's News of the World tabloid . Judge Brian Leveson said he was not recommending that Parliament set up a press regulator , but that the industry should create its own , which would be backed by legislation to make sure it meets certain standards of independence and effectiveness . Prime Minister David Cameron , who asked the judge to prepare the report , told Parliament after its release that he agrees with Leveson 's recommendations for a new , strong , independent press regulator . He said the onus is now on the press to implement the report 's recommendations , "  and implement them radically . " CNN Radio : British press react to hacking report But Cameron said he is not convinced that legislation is needed to underpin the new body -- and he has serious concerns about taking that approach . At the same time , the prime minister said that the "  status quo is not an option " and that the victims of press abuses have "  suffered in a way that we can barely begin to imagine . " News International , a subsidiary of the Murdoch-owned News Corp. , backed Cameron 's call for regulation without legislation . "  We accept that a new system should be independent , have a standards code , a means of resolving disputes , the power to demand prominent apologies and the ability to levy heavy fines , " the company said in a statement . Signaling a difference of views within the coalition government , Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , who leads the Liberal Democrats , said he believes new legislation is needed to ensure the regulator 's long-term independence . Ed Miliband , leader of the opposition Labour Party , also said he favors full implementation of Leveson 's recommendations , including the new legislation . Cross-party talks are expected later Thursday to discuss a way forward . Read the report summary  PDF In his report , Leveson said that he had no desire to jeopardize the freedom of the press , which he acknowledged plays a "  vital " role in safeguarding the public interest , but that changes are needed to tackle abuses . The British press has ignored its own code of conduct on "  far too many occasions over the last decade , " causing "  real hardship " and sometimes wreaking "  havoc with the lives of innocent people , " Leveson said . "  This is not just the famous but ordinary members of the public , caught up in events  many of them , truly tragic  far larger than they could cope with but made much , much worse by press behavior that , at times , can only be described as outrageous , " he said . At the same time , no one proposed that the government or Parliament should be involved in regulating the press , Leveson said . The judge recommends that the new body have new powers to impose tough sanctions against newspapers that break the rules , including the imposition of fines of up to 1 % of turnover , to a maximum of 1 million pounds  $ 1.6 million  . Opinion : Why the UK should avoid muzzling its free press The judge said the relationship between the press and politicians is mostly "  robust , " but sometimes the links can be "  too close . " He highlighted as a concern "  relationships between policy makers and those in the media who stand to gain or lose from the policy being considered . " This risks undermining public confidence in the press and politicians , he said . Cameron said he accepted that more transparency was needed over such links . But the prime minister pointed out that Leveson had "  emphatically " rejected allegations that the Conservative Party had struck some kind of deal with News International . This related to claims that its newspapers might have offered favorable coverage to Cameron in the expectation of "  policy favors . " Cameron 's government faced uncomfortable questions earlier this year over its handling of a bid by Murdoch 's News Corp. to take over British satellite broadcaster BSkyB . The bid was eventually dropped . Opinion : Why UK 's shamed newspapers need regulating The prime minister also backed Lord Justice Leveson 's recommendations to break an "  excessively cozy relationship " between the police and the press . Leveson said there was a perception that some senior police officers within London 's Metropolitan Police were too close to News International . But he found no evidence that decisions to limit its earlier inquiries into phone hacking were due to undue influence or corruption . Leveson said senior police officers should ensure greater transparency over their meetings with the press in the future , and they should not be able to move immediately from the police into jobs in the media . The Metropolitan Police said that the integrity of its officers had not been questioned but that it would study the criticisms made in the report . Commissioner Bernard Hogan-Howe said he had already taken "  decisive action " to address issues that emerged during the inquiry . "  Our priority now is the victims of phone hacking and making sure they get justice , " he said . Opinion : Press dishes it out , but can it take it ? Leveson described his inquiry , which heard from hundreds of witnesses during eight months of hearings , as "  the most concentrated look at the press this country has ever seen . " Those testifying included politicians including Cameron and former Prime Ministers Tony Blair and Gordon Brown ; police and media players such as Murdoch ; and victims of press abuses . The inquiry was first announced by Cameron in July 2011 in response to public outrage over a newspaper phone-hacking scandal . The trigger was the allegation that in 2002 , the voice mail of a missing 13-year-old girl , Milly Dowler , had been hacked by an investigator working for the News of the World newspaper before she was found murdered . Compounding the anger was the claim  later dismissed by police  that messages were deleted by him from the schoolgirl 's full voice mail box , giving her parents false hope that she was alive . The furor forced the closure of the 168-year-old News of the World , owned by News International . It also prompted a new appetite among Britain 's public and political establishments to see the sleazy underbelly of  often tabloid  reporting exposed and steps taken to clean up the media 's act . Leveson 's report was the subject of much speculation before its release . Freedom of expression groups warned of a potential impacts on freedom of speech , while campaigners for greater controls said regulation is essential . The chairman of the Press Complaints Commission , David Hunt , said he did not agree with all Leveson 's recommendations but all those involved must seek to unite around "  common ground . " "  We all agree that we must regain the trust and confidence of the British people to make sure that unacceptable , outrageous and illegal behavior can never be allowed to happen again , " Hunt said in a written statement . The Committee to Protect Journalists issued a release saying it is "  deeply concerned " about the recommendations . "  A media regulatory body anchored by statute can not be described as voluntary , " the committee 's executive director , Joel Simon , said in the release . "  Moreover , adopting statutory regulation would undermine press freedom in the UK and give legitimacy to governments around the world that routinely silence journalists through such controls . " Index on Censorship , a free speech group , urged "  serious , considered debate " about the points made by Leveson . Chief executive Kirsty Hughes said : "  We share David Cameron 's concerns that statutory underpinning would undermine free speech , and could be the start of a slippery slope of government interference in the media . " Media reform campaign group Hacked Off launched an online petition that calls on the leaders of the three main parties to implement the Leveson Report 's recommendations in full "  as soon as possible . " Timeline of the UK phone hacking scandal The actions of staffers at News Corp. and News International came under close scrutiny during the inquiry . Among those to testify were Murdoch protege Rebekah Brooks , former chief executive of News International and onetime editor of the Sun and News of the World , and Andy Coulson , who also edited the News of the World . He went on to become Cameron 's director of communications before resigning from that post early last year . Both appeared in court Thursday morning to face charges of conspiracy to commit misconduct in a public office in connection with alleged illegal payments to public officials . They and three other accused were released on bail and ordered to appear in court again next week . The scandal has also raised the specter of possible legal action against News Corp. staffers in the United States under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , which outlaws the bribery of foreign officials by U.S. firms . However , analyst Porter Bibb in New York said the release of the Leveson report is "  a nonevent " from the point of view of U.S. investors and would have no real impact on News Corp. stocks . The corporation is doing well and Murdoch has come back "  stronger than ever " following the pressure he was under to cede control of parts of his media empire early this year , Bibb said . CNN 's Jonathan Wald and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Cross-party talks are to take place to discuss how to move forward David Cameron backs Leveson 's call for a strong , independent press regulator Lord Justice Leveson says an independent regulator should be backed by law Leveson : The press has at times wreaked "  havoc with the lives of innocent people "
New York State is poised to allow 20 hospitals to distribute medical marijuana , Gov. Andrew Cuomo formally announced Wednesday . "  Research suggests that medical marijuana can help manage pain and treatment of cancer and other serious illnesses , " Cuomo said in the annual State of State speech in Albany . "  We will establish a program allowing up to 20 hospitals to prescribe medical marijuana , and we will monitor the program to evaluate the effectiveness and the feasibility of a medical marijuana system , " Cuomo added , without elaborating . Medical marijuana advocates briefed on Cuomo 's plan earlier this week said an executive action would allow certain hospitals to dispense the drug to certain patients . The governor 's office did not return calls seeking comment . State Assemblyman Richard Gottfried , a Democrat from Manhattan and a leading proponent of comprehensive legislation for medical marijuana , said he learned about the executive action in a conversation Saturday with members of the governor 's staff . He said the move paved the way for a "  limited and cumbersome program " but called it a step forward . Other New Yorkers welcomed the news . Missy Miller of Long Island said she considered moving to California to gain access to a special strain of marijuana called charlotte 's web oil , a derivative that may help cease her son Oliver 's seizures . Oliver , 14 , had a stroke in utero that resulted in a brain stem injury . Among several other life-threatening consequences are seizures , sometimes more than a dozen a day . "  It 's scary every day , " she said . "  Every seizure that he has , I get anxious , every seizure I worry , is this going to be the seizure that does n't stop . " Miller has hoped for comprehensive legislation that would specify the sources and strains of the drug available . Access is "  a huge question mark , " she said , adding that while other states have legalized marijuana , "  they do not have the strain that will help these children . " Miller said that while Cuomo 's announcement is "  a huge step and a step in the right direction and we 're applauding it , it is n't enough . It needs to include access and coverage to the people that need it , all the people that need it . " An opponent of the governor 's action said it was driven by politics . "  I think serious questions can be raised about using a political vehicle to achieve the use of a prescribable medication in America , " said William Foster , president of the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependency . Medical marijuana is not unprecedented in the United States . Twenty states and the District of Columbia now allow it in some form -- among them Colorado , where , as of January 1 , it 's legal to sell marijuana to those 21 or older -- according to information compiled by the National Conference of State Legislatures .  In addition , Maryland has a limited program for research .  The momentum has picked up recently , with most of these efforts taking effect over the past decade . Among the states that allow medical marijuana are Connecticut , Vermont and New Jersey , each of which border New York . And yet the Empire State has not joined them . Versions of the Compassionate Care Act pushed by Gottfried have passed the state Assembly , only to stall in the Senate . Cuomo is acting without the legislature 's OK , though what he 's doing is legal , according to Gottfried . He explained that the governor is acting on powers granted through a law passed in 1980 in setting the stage for a highly regulated system that 's less liberal than many other medical marijuana setups nationwide . Here 's how it would work , according to Gottfried : Under Cuomo 's directive , the state health department would take charge by setting up the guidelines and picking the hospitals that would participate . These hospitals would then have panels of people who decide , on a person-by-person basis , which patients qualify for medical marijuana . It has yet to be determined where the medical marijuana -- or the elements of it that might be dispensed -- will come from , including who might produce it . Gottfried estimated that tens of thousands of people could get medical marijuana by virtue of this policy change , though he insisted it is no substitute for a more complete , far-reaching program . "  Cuomo  can take  this step  without the need for further legislation , " the Manhattan legislator said . "  But to have a truly comprehensive and well-working system will take legislation . "	New York 's governor announces plan to distribute medical marijuana Twenty hospitals will initially dispense the drug State will evaluate "  effectiveness and feasibility , " governor says
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal 's prime minister said Monday he will resign to save what he called the country 's "  infant democracy . " Pushpa Kamal Dahal cited a serious political crisis caused by the president 's "  unconstitutional " order . It is the latest fallout over the status of Nepal 's army chief , Gen. Rookmangud Katawal . The Maoist government sacked Katawal on Sunday . Hours later , President Ram Baran Yadav reinstated him . Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal , commonly known as Prachanda , resigned on Monday , citing a serious political crisis caused by the president 's "  unconstitutional " order . "  The dual powers that have been unconstitutionally established in the country must end under any circumstance , " Prachanda said in a televised address announcing he would resign from the country 's Cabinet . Prachanda is the leader of the Communist Party of Nepal  Maoist  , which had been the largest party in Nepal 's coalition government until it recently withdrew . The former guerilla leader headed a decade-long bloody Maoist insurgency to abolish the country 's monarchy before being sworn in as prime minister in August . In his address on Monday , Prachanda blamed certain political parties and "  power centers " for "  striking at our democracy , constitution and the peace process by putting the president in the forefront of the controversy over the chief of army staff . " "  This has raised concerns over our infant democracy and the peace process , " he said . "  I appeal to the people , civil society and political powers to be committed to the struggle for establishing a democratic Nepal . " Nepal 's interim constitution gives the president powers as supreme commander of the army and guardian of the constitution . Yadav 's spokesman said the president had the support of 18 parties in parliament when he reinstated the army chief . The decision to fire Katawal touched off protests . Supporters of both sides in the dispute took to the streets on Sunday . Despite sporadic clashes between the two factions , there were no serious injuries reported . The Cabinet voted to dismiss Katawal after the military refused the government 's order to stop recruiting about 3,000 new soldiers to fill vacant positions when it has yet to take in former Maoist rebels , as a 2006 peace deal required . The Maoists laid down their arms and won power in 2008 elections after an agreement that ended a decade-long insurgency . Under the deal , more than 19,000 former insurgents were to be integrated into the country 's security forces . Journalist Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report .	Government calls president 's order to keep army chief in office "  unconstitutional " Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal resigns over order Maoist government ordered army chief of staff to be fired after recruitment issue Military refused to stop recruiting soldiers while it has n't accepted ex-Maoist rebels
CNN  -- Three American college students were being held Tuesday , possibly in a Cairo courthouse , accused of lobbing Molotov cocktails during the unrest gripping Tahrir Square , authorities and family members said . The news came as a blow to their families in the United States , especially after seeing a video aired on Egyptian state television showing the three students nervously standing shoulder to shoulder along a wall in front of what appeared to be liquid-filled bottles . "  I ca n't remember seeing his face look like that , " said Nicole Sweeney , whose brother Derrik Sweeney is among those detained . "  He looks absolutely terrified . " American University in Cairo identified the three detained students as Sweeney , 19 , a Georgetown University student from Jefferson City , Missouri ; Gregory Porter , 19 , from Glenside , Pennsylvania , who attends Drexel University in Philadelphia ; and Luke Gates , 21 , of Bloomington , Indiana , who goes to Indiana University . They were spending the semester in Cairo as part of a study-abroad program , according to American University . Cairo police have questioned the three , who were detained Monday night , and they will face additional investigation by prosecutors , said Adel Saeed , a spokesman for the office of Egypt 's general prosecutor . "  The three boys were throwing Molotov cocktails and had no passports on them when they were picked up , " Saeed said . Later , he told CNN that the prosecutor was unable to question the students on Tuesday because of ongoing protests . They will be questioned on Wednesday in the presence of legal representatives from the U.S. Embassy , he said . "  They were throwing explosives at security forces -- which is a crime , " Saeed said . Nicole Sweeney said her family had been told the men were apparently being held in a courthouse . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland did not comment on the men 's whereabouts during a briefing with reporters , but said officials believe they know where the three are and that they are safe . "  I do n't think we have any information to indicate otherwise , " she said , adding that she did not believe the men had been formally charged . Social-media posts appear to show Gates and Sweeney in the thick of recent protests in Cairo , with Gates indicating he had been injured in clashes over the weekend . "  Earlier tonight rubber bullets a charge and then a retreat , " said a message posted Sunday from a Twitter account with Gates ' name and a photo resembling one of the men in the police video . The poster added that his knee and elbow were hurt . On Saturday , the writer said that "  we were throwing rocks and one guy accidentally threw his phone . " Another Facebook account shows a man resembling Sweeney during protests in Cairo . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the posts . Gates ' father , George William Gates , told CNN that he learned of his son 's detention in a call from an American University official . "  It was a hard call to get , " he said . "  He told us that everything was fine and he was really happy , " Gates said of an earlier conversation with his son . "  Luke said so many people were friendly to him and that it was easy to make friends there . " Sweeney 's mother , Joy Sweeney , said she was worried about her son 's safety , but he had assured her he was fine the last time they spoke . "  He has always been somebody who believes in democracy and standing up for what you believe in and I know that he was excited at the opportunity to be in Egypt right now . I also know that he is an extreme pacifist , " she told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . "  He would never do anything to inflict violence on somebody else . " News of their detention came on the fourth consecutive day of clashes between protesters and police in and around Tahrir Square , which also was the focal point of a popular uprising that ousted Hosni Mubarak as president in February . Demonstrators are calling for the removal of the Supreme Council of Armed Forces , the ruling body that took power after Mubarak 's ouster . Thirty people have died in the clashes since Saturday , according to Egypt 's Health Ministry . About 1,950 have been injured . Georgetown and Drexel officials both released statements saying they are working with American University and U.S. authorities to obtain their students ' release . David Lynfield , deputy press officer for the U.S. Embassy in Cairo , said the Egyptian authorities ' "  claims are being currently investigated . " Sweeney interned for U.S. Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer , R-Missouri , between February and May , press secretary Pat Sloca said . Luetkemeyer has been in touch with the U.S. State Department about Sweeney 's detention , said Sloca , who added that the student had been an "  outstanding worker " during his internship . He is a dual Arabic and psychology major who wanted to get more experience in an Arabic-speaking country , according to his sister . "  The Cairo program was actually the most stable of his options , " she said . Amin Bonnah , a visiting professor at Georgetown who taught an Arabic class Sweeney took , recalled him as a "  very peaceful , socially peaceful , loving person . " "  I do not believe he is the kind of person who did that , " Bonnah said . Gates is a junior who is pursuing a double major in political science and Near Eastern languages and culture , said Ryan Piurek , communications director at Indiana University . Gates has been interested in different cultures since childhood and began applying to overseas programs before the Egyptian revolution this year , according to his father . Porter is an international studies major at Drexel , according to university spokeswoman Niki Gianakaris . The American University in Cairo , where the three were studying , describes itself as "  an American liberal arts university in the heart of the Middle East . " The university was founded in 1919 by Americans and says it "  offers a vital bridge between the cultures of East and West . " It is chartered and accredited in both the United States and Egypt . The university boasts nearly 5,000 undergraduates from 113 countries as well as the largest English-language library in Egypt . The AUC Press is the leading publisher of English-language books in the Arab world , the school says . CNN 's Ashley Hayes , Ashley Fantz , Jamie Crawford , Brian Todd , Dugald McConnell , Janelle Griffin and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : The college students will be questioned on Wednesday , an Egyptian official says They are accused of lobbing Molotov cocktails during the unrest in Tahrir Square The students were spending the semester in Cairo as part of a study-abroad program The U.S. State Department expects to have access to them on Wednesday
New York  CNN  -- Officials are investigating reports that two fire department dispatchers trained in emergency medical care refused to help a pregnant worker who collapsed in a cafe they were visiting . The woman later died . Eutisha Rennix collapsed while working at an Au Bon Pain restaurant in Brooklyn on December 9 and died at Long Island College Hospital , according to the district attorney 's office for Brooklyn , which is looking into the incident . A spokesman for the office said Rennix was pregnant . The district attorney 's office identified the two dispatchers as Jason Green and Melissa Jackson . The New York Fire Department has suspended them without pay pending a department investigation , spokesman Frank Dwyer said . Although the two worked as dispatchers , they had been trained as emergency medical technicians , said Steve Ritea , another department spokesman . Emergency medical technicians receive several weeks of training in medical care , he said Rennix 's co-workers said Green and Jackson were in the cafe at the time Rennix collapsed , but left after telling her co-workers to call 911 , local media outlets reported . Rennix 's mother , Cynthia , said she was told that her daughter 's co-workers tried to get the two to help , but they refused , according to CNN affiliate NY1 . "  If they were really caring and concerned , they would have taken a minute to see and probably , possibility , something to do or some way the could help her , " Rennix said . But Jeff Samerson , a spokesman for the EMT and paramedics union that represents Green and Jackson , told NY1 that Jackson herself called 911 . "  These are people that are not in the field , that have not had patient contact in years . ... And they did the best they could , " Samerson said . The fire department , however , issued a statement saying , "  All of our members have taken an oath to assist others in need of emergency medical care . " Cynthia Rennix told CNN that she feels the EMTs were "  heartless " and "  non-caring " and hopes that her daughter 's tragedy will prompt the city of New York to implement some sort of training or classes to ensure that a situation like this wo n't happen again . The victim 's brother , Eudane Rennix , was overseas serving in the U.S. Army in Kuwait when he received the call about his sister 's death . He came home on emergency leave and that is when , he said , the family broke down together . "  If this is your job , why would n't you want to help someone in need ? " he said . "  There 's no excuse whatsoever . " Eutisha Rennix 's fiance and the father of her unborn child , Harry Woodsen , said the losses have been hard on the whole family . "  Everybody has two losses , " he said . "  I lost a fiance , and I lost a child . Her brother lost a sister and niece . Her mother lost a grandchild and her daughter . " The outrage at the incident has rippled beyond Brooklyn . Mayor Michael Bloomberg slammed the EMTs at a news conference Monday . "  Somebody 's dying down the street and they say ` Help them , ' and they just sat there , " he said . "  There 's no excuse whatsoever , as far as I can see . "	NEW : Fire department says the two are dispatchers but have EMT training Eutisha Rennix collapsed while working at a Brooklyn cafe , later died at hospital Her co-workers reportedly say two EMTs in the cafe refused to help , told them to call 911 The EMTs are suspended without pay while city investigates the reports
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama signed an executive order granting some benefits to same-sex partners of federal employees Wednesday , calling it "  a historic step " but promising more action to come . President Obama has been criticized by gay rights activists for not doing more since taking office . "  We 've got more work to do to ensure that government treats all its citizens equally , to fight injustice and intolerance in all its forms and to bring about that more perfect union , " Obama said . The signing followed sharp criticism of the president over a Justice Department motion filed last week in support of the Defense of Marriage Act -- which effectively bars the federal government from recognizing same-sex unions . Obama said he still wants to repeal the act . "  I believe it 's discriminatory . I think it interferes with state 's rights , and we will work with Congress to overturn it , " he said . The memorandum he signed Wednesday means same-sex partners of civil service employees can be added to the long-term care program , employees can use their sick leave to take care of domestic partners and children and same-sex partners of Foreign Service employees will be included in medical evacuations and housing allocations , according to the White House . But it does not grant full health-care coverage , which would require an act of Congress , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said . As details of the impending memorandum began to filter out Wednesday , the reaction of some gay rights activists was not enthusiastic . "  I have to say , as a federal employee , I 'm really disappointed , " Lisa Polyak , 48 , of Baltimore , Maryland , said of Obama 's expected memorandum . Polyak , who has worked for the federal government for more than two decades , is with the Army Medical Department . She was among the two dozen authors of the Dallas Principles , a set of eight statements that seek to guide the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community toward "  full civil equality , " according to the document 's preamble . Watch CNN 's Paul Steinhauser discuss Obama 's intent on benefits to same-sex partners " "  The benefits that the president might be announcing are already available , " said Polyak , who has a partner and two children . "  This is n't new . This is n't different . " She said federal employees are able to take sick leave for "  anyone that was the close approximation of family " and said the long-term-care option has been available for people under the same category . Polyak said not having health insurance from the federal government for her partner of 27 years costs her family $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 a year , not including co-pays or deductibles . Asked in a conference call with reporters whether these benefits were already available to same-sex partners of federal employees , Berry said such benefits are "  subject to the whim of a supervisor . " "  If you have an enlightened supervisor , yes , that is a possibility  that they have been available  , " he said . "  What the president is doing today is making this no longer optional . He is making it mandatory . And he 's making it clear that this is now the policy of the federal government . " Polyak disagreed , saying , "  The idea that this was a fly-by-night -LSB- is -RSB- ... not true . I used it routinely . " She added , "  It was guidance that everyone took advantage of and continues to take advantage at this moment . " Gay and lesbian advocates have also faulted the Obama administration for not moving to repeal the military 's "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell " policy that bars officials from asking about a service member 's sexual orientation but also bars the service member from revealing it , and allows the dismissal of a service member if a same-sax orientation is discovered . "  There 's so little we can say until we know what it is , " said Carisa Cunningham , a spokeswoman for Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders , a legal advocacy group that is challenging Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act in federal court in Massachusetts . Section 3 prevents the federal government from giving Social Security and other protections to same-sex married couples . "  Laws have to change ... and in particular , the Defense of Marriage Act needs to change , so whatever the few benefits that the president as an employer can grant , there wo n't be a lot of them , " Cunningham said . President Bill Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act into law in 1996 . Obama rankled gay advocates in January when he selected mega-church pastor Rick Warren to deliver the invocation at his inauguration . Warren , in an interview with Beliefnet , likened homosexuality to bestiality and incest . He also supported California 's Proposition 8 , which banned same-sex marriage in that state . During the Warren controversy , Obama -- who frequently spoke out in favor of gay and lesbian rights during the campaign but has said he opposes same-sex marriage -- declared himself "  a fierce advocate for gay and lesbian Americans . "	NEW : Executive order does n't grant full health coverage , White House says Move comes after criticism over Defense of Marriage Act Obama frequently spoke in favor of gay and lesbian rights during campaign
CNN  -- Author Frank McCourt , whose tragic childhood became creative grist for his first book , the Pulitzer Prize-winning "  Angela 's Ashes , " died Sunday , according to the Web site of his publisher , Simon & Shuster . He was 78 . Frank McCourt won the Pulitzer Prize and the National Book Critics Circle Award for "  Angela 's Ashes . " McCourt taught creative writing to high school students in New York City for 30 years before achieving literary acclaim with the 1996 biography . "  Angela 's Ashes , " named after his mother , also won the National Book Critics Circle Award . It was translated and sold throughout the world . In the book , McCourt described a desperate childhood marked by severe poverty , malnutrition , neglect , infectious disease and loss . "  When I look back on my childhood I wonder how I survived at all . It was , of course , a miserable childhood : the happy childhood is hardly worth your while . Worse than the ordinary miserable childhood is the miserable Irish childhood , and worse yet is the miserable Irish Catholic childhood , " he wrote . EW : A tribute to Frank McCourt McCourt wrote the two other memoirs , "  Tis " and "  Teacher Man , " as sequels to "  Angela 's Ashes , " and penned the children 's book "  Angela and the Baby Jesus . " The author was born to Angela and Malachy McCourt on August 19 , 1930 , in Brooklyn , New York , to Irish immigrants . The family fled to Limerick , Ireland , four years later , during the Great Depression era , only to become mired in even more gut-wrenching poverty . Three of the couple 's seven children died . Malachy McCourt , an alcoholic who managed to keep jobs only a few weeks at a time , left the family scrounging to survive . Yet , he also brought joy to his children , as the younger McCourt wrote in "  Angela 's Ashes " : "  Before bed we sit around the fire and if we say , ` Dad , tell us a story , ' he makes up one about someone in the lane and the story will take us all over the world , up in the air , under the sea and back to the lane . Everyone in the story is a different colour and everything is upside down and backward . Motor cars and planes go underwater and submarines fly through the air . Sharks sit in trees and giant salmon sport with kangaroos on the moon . Polar bears wrestle with elephants in Australia and penguins teach Zulus how to play bagpipes . " In October 2006 , McCourt told the BBC that he saw his family 's struggles as part of the human experience , without casting his father as a villain . He also expressed sorrow about his mother . "  First of all , I feel so sorry that I did n't understand more about her life and her misery and the deaths of three children , " McCourt said . "  I had one daughter and if she had a cold , I was up all night . If she had the sniffles , I was running to her little crib or her bed . ... When I was growing up and as I grew to manhood , I really did n't understand my mother 's pain . " Asked about his Irish-American identity , McCourt told the BBC : "  I 'm actually a New Yorker , because that 's what I feel passionately about . ... New York is the place that gets me all excited . " He returned to the United States at 19 and spent decades coming to grips with his youth . "  I dealt with my past , and my future and my present by writing about it . And it 's really , it 's a gift . I wish everybody had it , because it eases all kinds of distress , " he told the BBC . McCourt is survived by his wife , Ellen , and other family members , including brother Malachy McCourt , who is an actor and writer .	Publisher Simon & Shuster says the Pulitzer Prize-winning author has dead McCourt left the literary world riveted with his novel of growing up in poverty in Ireland Before literary fame , he taught creative writing to high school students in New York Despite upbringing in Ireland , he said he felt like a New Yorker
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- The judge in the libel case of Amanda Knox 's parents resigned Monday because he was involved in the trial of Knox and her ex-boyfriend Rafaelle Sollecito in the killing of a British student . Paolo Micheli said he would recuse himself , intimating paperwork in the very brief court hearing . The case was adjourned until January 24 , 2012 . Police officers are suing Knox 's parents , Edda Mellas and Curt Knox , accusing them of defamation for their description of how Amanda was treated after her arrest in the murder of Meredith Kercher . Knox won a legal victory last week when key DNA evidence from her murder trial was called into question . In a 146-page report , forensic science professors Carla Vecchiotti and Stefano Conti concluded that while Knox 's DNA was present on the knife handle , tests for Kercher 's DNA were unreliable . "  There is no conclusive scientific evidence regarding the nature of the blood , " the report states . "  It can not be excluded that the result obtained from sampling the find B  knife blade  could be the result of contamination " occurring at any stage of the testing process . Mellas on Monday hailed the DNA findings as "  great news , " saying Amanda Knox was "  thrilled . " The forensic report gave Knox "  a little bit more hope that this is all going to turn out the way it should . I mean , as an innocent person it 's really hard for her , " her mother said . Knox 's lawyer Luciano Ghirga said the conclusions of the report "  are clear to everyone -- there is a probability of contamination " of the evidence . Mellas and Knox were indicted in February on charges of libeling police in Perugia , the family 's Italian attorney said . In a 2009 interview in the Sunday Times of London , the couple said their daughter "  had not been given an interpreter , had not received food and water , and had been physically and verbally abused " by police after her arrest for the murder of the exchange student , according to Italy 's ANSA news agency . "  I think our case may go years , depending on what happens in Perugia . If we 're found guilty we will appeal , even if it means going to the Supreme Court , " Mellas told CNN in February when she was indicted . Knox , 23 , was sentenced in December 2009 to 26 years in prison for Kercher 's death at the villa the two shared in Perugia , the central Italian town where both were students . Kercher , 21 , was found dead in November 2007 , semi-naked with her throat slashed . Knox and Sollecito were found guilty of the murder . Sollecito is serving a 25-year sentence . A third person , Rudy Guede , a drifter originally from the Ivory Coast , was tried separately and is serving a 16-year prison sentence . He testified against Knox and Sollecito in Knox 's appeal last month . CNN 's Drew Griffin , Ashley Hayes , Todd Schwarzschild and journalist Barbie Nadeau contributed to this report .	NEW : Amanda Knox 's mother appears briefly in court NEW : She says Knox is "  thrilled " about a report casting doubt on DNA evidence in her murder case Curt Knox and Edda Mellas are accused of lilibelingtalian police in a newspaper interview They said their daughter told them she was physically and verbally abused
CNN  -- When former U.S. congressman Anthony Weiner admitted two years ago to sending explicit messages and photos to women online , his wife was notably absent , letting Weiner make his public mea culpa alone . But on Tuesday , Huma Abedin was front and center as Weiner confessed to having further explicit exchanges , even after the first scandal forced his resignation from Congress . Abedin , 36 , is no stranger to politics . She has worked for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for years and accompanied her husband on the campaign trail in his current bid for New York City mayor . She had her first news conference on Tuesday , however , and she admitted to being nervous -- but it was her moment to defend her husband of three years and describe her struggle to forgive him . Soul-searching Weiner seeks forgiveness "  It took a lot of work and a whole lot of therapy to get to a place where I could forgive Anthony , " Abedin said . "  It was not an easy choice in any way , but I made the decision that it was worth staying in this marriage . " Weiner admitted in June 2011 that he had sent sexually explicit messages and photos to women online . He apologized for initially claiming they were n't his and said he was seeking treatment , and he resigned from the U.S. House two weeks later . The couple had a baby boy in December of that year . On Tuesday , a gossip website published screen shots of sexual conversations that it said Weiner had had with a woman last summer , along with explicit photographs it claimed he had sent . Opinion : Why does Huma Abedin put up with Weiner ? In his afternoon news conference , Weiner admitted that some of the online exchanges and photographs were his but said some were from before his resignation and some were after . Abedin said Tuesday she knows her husband made "  horrible mistakes " both before and after his resignation from Congress . "  We discussed all of this before he decided to run for mayor , so really what I want to say is , I love him , I have forgiven him , I believe in him , and as we have said from the beginning , we are moving forward , " she said . 2011 : Stop calling Huma Abedin a victim From intern to State Department Abedin began working for Clinton as a White House intern in 1996 , eventually becoming the former first lady 's traveling chief of staff -- or "  body man " -- during her campaign for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination . When Clinton became secretary of state , Abedin served as a top aide to her . She remains a Clinton adviser . Although she is described as a very private person , Abedin 's intelligence , striking style , unusual background and ability "  to make the trains run on time " brought her attention well before her July 2010 marriage to Weiner . Vogue magazine profiled her in 2007 , an unusual distinction for a campaign aide . "  Huma Abedin has the energy of a woman in her 20s , the confidence of a woman in her 30s , the experience of a woman in her 40s and the grace of a woman in her 50s , " Clinton told Vogue . "  She is timeless , her combination of poise , kindness , and intelligence are matchless , and I am lucky to have had her on my team for a decade now . " Abedin is the daughter of college professors . Her late father , an Islamic scholar , was from India and her mother , a sociologist , was from Pakistan . She was born in Kalamazoo , Michigan , but the family moved to Saudi Arabia when she was 2 . She moved back to the United States to attend George Washington University . She told Vogue that she decided at 15 that she wanted to be an international journalist , inspired by CNN correspondent Christiane Amanpour . Congress , lewd photos and NYC 's mayoral race : An Anthony Weiner timeline Abedin 's plans changed when the White House intern program assigned her to the first lady 's office , not the press office as she had requested . She 's not been far from Clinton since then , friends say . "  I do n't think you could say they are like mother and daughter , " actress Mary Steenburgen and longtime friend of the Clintons told Vogue in 2007 . "  It 's more like an older sister-younger sister relationship , but it 's definitely familial . " Her efficiency , language abilities , attention to detail and remarkable ability to pack for long trips -- noted by the Vogue reporter -- make her invaluable to the globe-trotting Clinton . "  Huma does make the trains run on time , " Clinton lawyer Bob Barnett told Vogue . The Vogue story hinted in 2007 that she had dated actor John Cusack and cyclist Lance Armstrong . Abedin was introduced to Weiner during the 2008 congressional campaign . Former President Bill Clinton officiated at their wedding . Their marriage drew extra attention because Abedin is Muslim and Weiner is Jewish . Weiner rose through New York City politics as a young man unafraid of a fight and eager for media attention . Abedin , in contrast , is known for her diplomacy and privacy . Read more : Weiner 's wife : I forgive him In her own words As Weiner 's latest scandal unfolded , Harper 's Bazaar published excerpts of an article Abedin wrote for the magazine . "  Three years ago I was a single workaholic , traveling the globe with an amazing job at the U.S. State Department . I could not have imagined how much my life would change in three short years , " Abedin wrote for the magazine 's September issue . "  Today I 'm married , with a feisty 20-month-old son , a full-time job , and a husband running for mayor of New York . " Abedin said she has long kept her personal life private , and no one is more surprised than she is to see herself out on the campaign trail . "  So why am I doing this ? Because Anthony has always been a smart , caring , and dedicated person , and while he 's the same public servant who wants what 's best for the people he represents , he is now something else -- a better man , " Abedin wrote . "  New Yorkers will have to decide for themselves whether or not to give him a second chance . I had to make that same decision for myself , for my son , for our family . And I know in my heart that I made the right one . " Has the road to political redemption gotten shorter ?	Huma Abedin was notably absent when Anthony Weiner admitted to 2011 scandal She is now at her husband 's side amid the latest sex chat revelations Abedin , 36 , says it 's been a struggle , but she forgives him She has worked with Hillary Clinton since 1996 and was a top State Department aide
CNN  -- Kei Nishikori made history as he became the first home player to capture the Japan Open after a three-set win over Milos Raonic Sunday . The 22-year-old beat the Canadian 7-6 3-6 6-0 to win his second career title , but his first since Delray Beach in 2008 . "  I can not believe I won the tournament , but at the same time , I feel that I 'm happy I was able to do this , " he told the official ATP Tour website . Nishikori , who beat second seed Tomas Berdych in the quarterfinals , said he had gained renewed confidence from that victory after feeling the pressure of home expectation . "  I have not been able to play well in Japan until now , so I always thought perhaps I was not mentally strong enough to do so , " Nishikori added . "  But the match against Berdych , something changed . I was able to play much better yesterday and today . " The 21-year-old Raonic , who put out defending champion Andy Murray in the semifinals , recovered to tie the match at one set all . But in the decider he was broken early and never recovered as Nishikori clinched a famous victory . Meanwhile in the final of the China Open in Beijing , top seed Novak Djokovic accounted for Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France 7-6 6-2 to claim his 32nd career crown . The Serbian , who is challenging Roger Federer for the World No. 1 spot , took just one hour 42 minutes to win his third straight title at the event . Tsonga started strongly to break the favorite , but Djokovic retrieved it before winning the first set tiebreak . The second set was more one-sided as Djokovic broke in the third game and repeated the trick to close out the victory . In the accompanying WTA event , top seed and World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka swept past second seed Maria Sharapova of Russia in straight sets in the final . The Belarus star won 6-3 6-1 to claim a winning check for $ 848,000 as she took the China title at the fourth attempt .	Kei Nishikori makes tennis history at Japan Open First Japanese player to win Japan Open in open era He beats Milos Raonic in the final in three sets Novak Djokovic takes China Open title
Whether they get a charge out of lunching beside an Oscar-winning actress or are simply using her choice of venue like a glorified Yelp review , people love supping with celebrities . Restaurants love them too . Problem is , publicizing "  celebs eat here " information only ensures that the guests of honor never return . So you have to do more these days than examine the walls of a dining establishment for autographed photos to find out what kind of personage it attracts . That 's what we 've done , scouring gossip sheets , shaking down publicists and pushing the outer limits of local harassment laws in pursuit of the eateries favored by celebrities . And that term is n't limited simply to entertainers . The word "  celebrity " is a sliding one that shifts with changes in geography , subculture and industry . They 'll be happy to welcome Chris Pratt at the TGI Fridays in Palo Alto , but in most of Silicon Valley it 's Larry Ellison who really gets jalapenos popping . Los Angeles Let 's just get the Entertainment Capital of the World out of the way , since it plays host to the most readily recognizable celebrities . You can get lucky with a celebrity sighting at virtually any restaurant or taco stand in this city , but there are some reliably hip haunts . On the West Side , Shutters on the Beach -- a luxury hotel referred to as "  Hollywood 's Beach House " -- is a popular option among actors and actresses for its oceanfront views and private entrance for hotel guests . Featured fare : Specialty cocktails , pan-seared calamari Sightings : Jennifer Aniston , Eva Longoria , Zac Efron , Heidi Klum , Ben Affleck , Megan Fox , Dave Chappelle , Brad Pitt Further inland , RockSugar -- a Southeast Asian restaurant located in a Westfield mall that was once the back lot for 20th Century Fox -- is actually a popular respite for shop-weary celebrities . Featured fare : Claypot beef , warm coconut donuts Sightings : Megan Fox , Selena Gomez , Tyra Banks , Demi Moore , Gigi Hadid , Robert Wagner Shutters on the Beach , 1 Pico Blvd. , Santa Monica ; +1 310 458 0030 ; expensive RockSugar , 10250 Santa Monica Blvd. ; + 310 552 9988 ; expensive New York The Big Apple is home to every type of celebrity , but none is more quintessentially Manhattan than The Mogul . Famous for hosting deals over Dover sole , The Four Seasons is a time capsule of power lunching . In fact , the restaurant is credited with inspiring the term , attracting the most titanic tycoons in finance , media and real estate . Featured fare : Steak , crab cakes Sightings : David Koch , IAC Chairman Barry Diller , resort developer Steve Wynn , New Jersey Governor Chris Christie , Henry Kissinger and , of course , Patrick Bateman According to The Daily Beast , 3 Guys Restaurant on the Upper East Side , is the most powerful diner in New York , playing unassuming host to billions of dollars in private equity , hedge fund and broadcasting deals . Featured fare : Omelets , milkshakes Sightings : Former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein , JP Morgan Chase President Jamie Dimon , former New York Governor Elliot Spitzer The Four Seasons , 99 E. 52 St. ; +1 212 754 9494 ; expensive 3 Guys Restaurant , 960 Madison Ave. ; +1 212 628 8108 ; moderate Miami The Magic City may exist for no other reason than to see and be seen , making it a free-for-all of fame and excess . Billing itself as the first modern steakhouse in America , Prime 112 shucks dry-aged beef , lamb and burgers to a reliable roster of A-list clientele . Featured fare : Chicken and waffles , fried Ho Hos Sightings : Oprah Winfrey , Bill Clinton , Tom Brady and Giselle Bundschen , Leonardo DiCaprio , Alex Rodriguez , Dwayne Wade , NFL team owners Jeff Lurie and Jerry Jones Chef Jean-Georges Vongerichten 's newly opened Matador Room , in the Edition hotel , has already begun attracting a throng of VIPs for modern takes on Latin food in its throwback oval dining room . Featured fare : "  Bespoke " cocktails , mariscos Sightings : Vera Wang , Linda Evangelista , David Schwimmer , Starwood CEO Barry Sternlicht , W magazine editor Stefano Tonchi , hotelier Andre Balazs Prime 112 , 112 Ocean Dr. , South Beach ; +1 305 532 8112 ; expensive Matador Room , 2901 Collins Ave. , Miami Beach ; +1 786 257 4600 ; expensive Silicon Valley , California Once an incubator of counter culture poets and firebrands , the Bay Area has pioneered a new type of star over the last 20 years : the tech titan . Opened in 2009 by Google 's first executive chef , Calafia Cafe , in Palo Alto , has become a de facto Yalta for dot-com billionaires and tech sector hyper-capitalists in need of neutral negotiating ground . Featured fare : Artisanal pizza , whole-garden salads Sightings : Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin According to the San Francisco Chronicle , Buck 's of Woodside has become the Valley 's "  first-date spot " for the formation of technology companies , from the early ideation of Hotmail to equity stakes in Tesla . Featured fare : Eggs benedict , Chinese chicken salad Sightings : Elon Musk , venture capitalists Marc Andreessen , Bill Draper and John Doerr and Yahoo! co-founder Jerry Yang Calafia Cafe , 855 El Camino Real , Suite 130 , Palo Alto , California ; +1 650 322 9200 ; moderate Buck 's of Woodside , 3062 Woodside Road , Woodside , California ; +1 650 851 8010 ; moderate Nashville , Tennessee It 's not hard to guess the Music City 's celebrity of choice ; the town is filthy with strummers and hummers . Located across from the Country Music Hall of Fame , the Hilton Nashville Downtown is just blocks from the honky tonks of Broadway . Following a $ 32 million renovation , it houses four dining venues , headlined by The Palm Steakhouse for its star appeal . Featured fare : Steak , martinis Sightings : Kenny Loggins , Aretha Franklin , Little Richard , Roberta Flack , Harry Connick Jr. , John Legend , Lady Antebellum Farther down Broadway , Tavern is quickly gaining renown for not only its creative gastropub menu and growlers of local craft beer , but for its celebrity following . Featured fare : Tacos , clever cocktails Sightings : Jack White , Brian Mansfield , Kings of Leon 's Caleb Followill The Palm Nashville , Fourth Avenue South ; +1 615 620 1000 ; expensive Tavern , 1904 Broadway ; 615-320-8580 ; moderate Atlanta The Hollywood of the South is fast becoming as likely a place to spot a movie star as its nick-namesake . Jennifer Lawrence is reported to love the brisket at Watershed , a Southern comfort food laboratory where the menu of luminary patrons is longer than its wine list . Featured fare : Crispy pork belly , jambalaya Sightings : Woody Harrelson , Reese Witherspoon , Jake Gyllenhaal , Jim Carrey , Jeff Daniels , Stevie Wonder , Colin Firth , Liam Hemsworth , Jane Fonda , Robert Duvall Widely regarded a top-10 steakhouse in the United States , Chops Lobster Bar is also one of America 's top celebrity zoos , where diners can watch stars graze on 100 percent A5 authentic Wagyu kobe beef . Or salad . Featured fare : Dry-aged porterhouse , lump crab cake Sightings : Denzel Washington , Russell Crowe , Justin Bieber , Billy Bob Thornton , Zach Galafianakis , Vin Diesel , Larry David Watershed , 1820 Peachtree Road NW ; +1 404 809 3561 ; expensive Chops Lobster Bar , 70 West Paces Ferry Road ; +1 404 262 2675 ; expensive Washington , D.C. They 're the men and women Americans love to hate -- though , according to recent polls , it 's mostly hate -- they 're the stars of democracy ! Located within groveling distance of the Capitol , Charlie Palmer Steak is a reputed favorite among lobbyists and lawmakers seeking discretion  and only slightly more gutless cocktail shrimp  . Featured fare : Tuna tartare , hanger steak Sightings : Bill Clinton , Mitch McConnell , Harry Reid , Al Franken , James Carville and Mary Matalin West End 's Blue Duck Tavern wants you to know it 's American , which is why it invokes the adjective twice in the first 50 words of its About page . That makes it a safe choice for publicity-conscious politicos to gorge on freedom fries . Featured fare : Wood oven-roasted bone marrow , lemon pepper tuna Sightings : Barack and Michelle Obama , Condoleezza Rice , Brian Williams , Debbie Wasserman-Schultz , Chelsea Clinton Charlie Palmer Steak , 101 Constitution Ave. NW ; +1 202 547 8100 ; moderate-expensive Blue Duck Tavern , 1201 24th St. NW ; +1 202 419 6755 ; expensive Portland , Oregon Stumptown has recently become a refuge for celebrities of all stripes drawn by its verdant geography , progressive ethos and beards . Jerry Seinfeld was recently spotted eating at the trendy food-cart pod on Southeast 28th Avenue near Ankeny Street . In town for the premier of her new film "  Wild , " Reese Witherspoon and Laura Dern made the scene at Tasty n Alder in Southwest Portland . Despite chef shakeups in recent years , Bluehour has remained a fashionable destination , esteemed as much for its modish scene as its Mediterranean menu . Featured fare : Halibut , signature cocktails Sightings : Gus Van Sant , Oregon Governor John Kitzhaber , "  Portlandia " stars Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein , Portland Trail Blazers ' Robin Lopez and Wesley Matthews Bluehour , 250 NW 13th Ave. ; 503-226-3394 ; expensive	New York , Los A ngeles and Miami are obvious hot spots for celeb meal sightings But Nashville , Atlanta and Silicon Valley are reliable spots , too Not all "  celebs " are actors and musicians . Politicians and entrepreneurs are exciting "  gets " for many celeb seekers
CNN  -- Russian carmaker Marussia Motors has bought a significant shareholding in the Formula One team Virgin Racing , meaning the team will be renamed "  Marussia Virgin Racing " for the 2011 season . The rookie team -- who made their Formula One debut this season -- will continue their relationship with Richard Branson , the British businessman whose company created Virgin Racing by signing a sponsorship deal with Manor Motorsport in 2009 . The rebranded outfit 's car for the 2011 season will be unveiled in Moscow ahead of next season , and Virgin 's chief executive Graeme Lowdon hailed the deal as good news for his team and for the sport . "  This announcement cements our place on the Formula One grid and is testimony to the hard work and dedication of every single member of our team , " Lowdon told the team 's official website . Marussia Motors was founded in 2007 , and the super car manufacturer -- which has worked as a partner to Virgin during its inaugural season -- hopes the move will help build its reputation . Blog : Vettel win ushers in new era "  This is the realization of a dream for us " , said Nikolay Fomenko of Marussia -- who is also a former racing driver -- on the company 's website . " -LSB- We will -RSB- demonstrate to the world that a new car manufacturer has arrived from Russia with truly international ambitions . " This news comes as a further boost to Formula One in Russia , after last month 's announcement that the Black Sea resort of Sochi will host a grand prix from 2014 onwards . Vitaly Petrov , Russia 's first ever Formula One driver , has also made a decent impact in his first season in the sport , accruing 19 points so far this year for his Renault team . Virgin are yet to pick up a drivers ' or constructors ' point in 2010 , with only this weekend 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix remaining in the calendar .	Marussia Motors has bought a significant shareholding in the Formula One team Virgin Racing The team will be known as Marussia Virgin Racing from 2011 onwards Their car for the new season is set to be unveiled in Moscow
A doctor who spent time treating Ebola patients in West Africa died from the virus Monday in Nebraska . The death of Dr. Martin Salia , who contracted Ebola in Sierra Leone , marks the second time Ebola has claimed a victim in the United States . "  It was an absolute honor to care for Dr. Salia , " said Rosanna Morris , Nebraska Medical Center 's chief nursing officer , at a news conference in Omaha . She sat alongside four other doctors who said they did everything possible to try to save the surgeon . Salia traveled between Sierra Leone , where he contracted the virus , and his home in Maryland , where his wife and children live . Morris said that caring for Salia taught the Nebraska team a lot . Spending time with Salia 's wife , Isatu Salia , shed light on how anguishing it is to have a loved one suffer from Ebola , Morris said . The nursing chief praised the highly skilled and experienced medical team for trying to save a colleague . "  I want to thank our local heroes who took care of a global hero these past few days , " Morris said . A legal permanent resident of the United States , Salia had been treating patients in Sierra Leone . That nation , Guinea and Liberia have been hit the hardest by the Ebola epidemic that began earlier this year . It is rare for someone to die in the United States from Ebola because medical and monetary resources are extensive -- much more so than in West Africa . At least 5,177 people have died of Ebola , most of them in those West African countries , according to the World Health Organization . Sierra Leone has reported nearly 1,200 deaths . The first Ebola patient to die in the United States was Thomas Eric Duncan , a Liberian national who traveled to Texas in September . Duncan , 42 , died at a Dallas hospital . He initially went to the facility 's emergency room after he began having symptoms , but he was misdiagnosed and sent home . Two days later , he was back , tested positive for the virus and began treatment . Complete coverage of Ebola When Salia arrived Saturday at Nebraska Medical Center , he was in "  extremely critical " condition , doctors said . His kidneys and respiratory system were failing . Ebola patients must get treatment as early as possible to have a chance at surviving , medical officials say . The doctor received a dose of ZMapp therapy and a blood transfusion from an Ebola survivor , doctors said . They did not disclose the donor 's identity . The dose of ZMapp that was given to Salia on Saturday was an existing dose that had been provided to another hospital but had not been used , a spokesperson for Mapp Biopharmaceutical said . Your Ebola questions and answers Salia had been able to walk himself onto the plane that transported him from Sierra Leone to the United States , but he was in "  very bad " condition , recalled Dent Thompson , vice president of operations for the company that transported the doctor , Phoenix Air . Caregiving between countries Salia split his time between New Carrollton , Maryland , and Sierra Leone , where he worked at a Methodist hospital , CNN affiliate WJZ-TV in Baltimore reported . The team caring for Salia in Sierra Leone characterized him as critical ill , possibly sicker than patients treated successfully in the United States , according to Nebraska health officials . The surgeon had taken a test for Ebola , which came back negative . It 's unclear what produced the initial false result . A second test came back positive . Isatu Salia pushed to get her husband evacuated from Sierra Leone , the U.S. State Department said . An air ambulance crew evaluated him in Freetown and determined he was well enough to travel . Isatu Salia spoke to WJZ over the weekend . Too upset to show her face on camera , she described talking to her husband and feeling incredibly concerned . "  I know he 's sick . He was a little slow talking , " she said , breaking down in tears . "  I 'm worried for him . " A reporter asked if she was confident her husband would get the treatment he desperately needed . She said she did and she was "  pleased " with the action the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention took when she phoned authorities there . It was an "  hour-by-hour situation " when the ill surgeon arrived at Nebraska Medical Center , according to Dr. Phil Smith , director of the hospital 's biocontainment unit . How the Ebola virus spreads A man who gave selflessly Maada Salia spoke admiringly of his father over the weekend . "  The fact that he would go back to his country and help is one thing that really amazed me because he showed the love that he has for his country , " the son said . "  He does n't think of himself as someone important . He puts himself down and helps those who really need help . " The White House released a statement of condolences to the Salia family . "  Dr. Salia dedicated his life to saving others . He viewed this vocation as his calling , telling his fellow United Methodist Church members that he pursued medicine not because he wanted to , but because he firmly believed it was God 's will for him , " the statement reads . "  Dr. Salia 's passing is another reminder of the human toll of this disease and of the continued imperative to tackle this epidemic on the frontlines , where Dr. Salia was engaged in his calling . " Timeline : How the world has reacted to Ebola In other Ebola-related news , U.N. Ebola crisis manager for Guinea , Marcel Rudasingwa , has died of natural causes , the U.N. Mission for Ebola Emergency Response said Monday .	Dr. Martin Salia 's death marks the second U.S. death from Ebola Thomas Eric Duncan , a Liberian , was the first to die in the U.S. Salia was already critically ill before he left Sierra Leone , officials say
CNN  -- Two of the world 's best-known public figures , Pope Francis and Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II , met for the first time Thursday in Rome . The Queen , accompanied by husband Prince Philip , is paying a one-day visit to Italy at the invitation of Italian President Giorgio Napolitano . She and the Duke of Edinburgh attended a lunch hosted by Napolitano , whose role as head of state is largely symbolic , at the presidential palace before heading to Vatican City . The private audience with Pope Francis was the first meeting between the 87-year-old queen , who is Supreme Governor of the Church of England , and Pope Francis , head of the Roman Catholic Church . But she has met some of his papal predecessors . According to Vatican Radio , Thursday 's audience marked the queen 's seventh encounter with a pontiff and the fifth different pope she has met . Besides trips to Rome , she also welcomed Pope John Paul II and Benedict XVI , now Pope Emeritus , on their respective visits to Britain . Her first papal encounter was with Pope Pius in 1951 , the year before she ascended the throne , the broadcaster said . The Queen 's latest visit to Italy , at the invitation of Napolitano , was initially planned last year but was postponed because of illness . Britain 's ambassador to the Holy See , Nigel Baker , told Vatican Radio the Queen had decided to take advantage of the rescheduled trip to meet Pope Francis . "  If you look back in terms of Queen Elizabeth 's reign , it is extraordinary how far the relationship between Britain and the Holy See , and between the Anglican Church and the Catholic Church , has developed since 1952 when she became queen , " he said . A key aspect of that has been her several encounters with different popes over the years , Baker said . Francis , who 's from Argentina , was elected pope in March of last year after Benedict took the almost unprecedented step of resigning from the papacy . Britain and Argentina have a sometimes testy relationship , thanks to an unresolved dispute over the Falkland Islands . The two countries went to war over the South Atlantic territory in 1982 after the then-military government in Argentina landed troops on the islands , which Argentinians call Las Malvinas . Prayer answered : Girl , 10 , meets Pope Francis Obama , Pope Francis meet for the first time CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip have a private audience with Pope Francis NEW : Pope Francis is the fifth pontiff whom Queen Elizabeth has met The British royals were invited to Italy by President Giorgio Napolitano They had lunch with Napolitano before heading to the Vatican
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Information gathered by a renewed investigation into actress Natalie Wood 's 1981 drowning death has persuaded the Los Angeles coroner to remove "  accidental " from her death certificate , a detective said . The death certificate was amended on August 7 to list her death as caused by "  drowning and other undetermined factors " rather than "  accidental drowning , " Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Detective Kevin Lowe said Wednesday . Lowe and a partner are still working the case , which is an open and active investigation , Lowe said . Last November , homicide investigators decided to take a new look at one of Hollywood 's most enduring mysteries after they were contacted by people who said they had additional information about the actress 's drowning , the sheriff 's department said . Police pursue ` intriguing ' information in Natalie Wood case "  This new information is substantial enough to make us want to take a new look at the case , " Lt. John Corina said at the time . The announcement persuaded tipsters to come forward with additional "  intriguing " information , sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore told CNN last January . Investigators did not comment directly on statements made in news reports in November by Dennis Davern , the captain of a yacht owned by Wood and her husband , actor Robert Wagner . Davern offered a new account of how Wood 's death was reported , saying that Wagner waited hours to call the Coast Guard after Wood went missing off Catalina Island , near the California coast , following an argument the couple had . Authorities have n't gone into specifics about who has been interviewed , but they did say when they reopened the case that Wagner was n't a suspect . Wood drowned in the Pacific Ocean on November 29 , 1981 , off the isthmus of Catalina Island . She once said in a televised interview that her greatest fear was of dark seawater . Her body was found floating in the water about a mile away from the yacht , in a long nightgown , socks and a down jacket , according to police reports . The autopsy report showed the actress had two dozen bruises on her body , including a facial abrasion on her left cheek and bruises on her arms . "  My sister was not a swimmer and did not know how to swim , and she would never go to another boat or to shore dressed in a nightgown and socks , " said Lana Wood , referring to theories that the actress voluntarily jumped from the boat . Although the county coroner 's office ruled at the time that Wood 's death was an accident , others say the case has n't made sense . In 2010 , Lana Wood told CNN she believes a highly charged argument between her sister and Wagner on the yacht 's back deck preceded Wood 's drowning . She told CNN last year she does not suspect foul play . "  I just want the truth to come out , the real story , " she said . Davern , the former captain of the yacht Splendour , broke his long silence with a detailed account of that day in "  Goodbye Natalie , Goodbye Splendour , " a book he wrote with his friend Marti Rulli . It was published in September 2009 . Davern has said he believes Wood 's death was a direct result of a fight with Wagner . Natalie Wood 's star power lasted for decades In a lengthy interview with CNN in 2010 , Davern said he now believes the investigation of Wood 's death was incompetent and suggested there was a cover-up . He said he regrets misleading investigators by keeping quiet at Wagner 's request . Wood and Wagner married in 1957 , divorced in 1962 , then remarried in 1972 . They often sailed their yacht off the coast of California , and they invited Wood 's "  Brainstorm " co-star , Christopher Walken , to join them on a sail on Thanksgiving weekend in 1981 . The Hollywood rumor mill was abuzz with speculation that Wagner was jealous of Walken , but authorities have said Walken witnessed only the events leading up to an argument between the couple . Wagner admitted his jealousy in his book "  Pieces of My Heart , " also published in September 2009 . He acknowledged that there had been a fight with Wood , writing that he smashed a wine bottle on a table . After Wagner argued with Walken and broke the wine bottle , Wood left in disgust and went to her stateroom , Davern told CNN . Walken also retired to a guest room , Davern added , and Wagner followed his wife to their room . A few minutes later , Davern said , he could hear the couple fighting . Embarrassed , Davern said , he turned up the volume on his stereo . At one point , Davern recalled , he glanced out of the pilot house window and saw Wagner and Wood on the yacht 's aft deck . "  They 'd moved their fight outside ... you could tell from their animated gestures they were still arguing , " he said . A short time later , Wagner , appearing to be distraught , told Davern he could n't find Wood . Davern searched the boat but could n't find her . He noticed the rubber dinghy also was missing . Wagner shrugged and poured them both drinks , Davern said . He suggested his wife had probably gone off in a temper . Wagner 's story , as told in his book , differs from Davern 's . He maintains that after the argument with Walken , Wood went to her room and prepared for bed while he and Walken sat on the deck , cooling off . Wagner writes that he went to check on Wood , but she was n't there . He maintains that he and Davern searched the boat and noticed the dinghy was missing . Wagner assumed his wife had gone ashore on her own , he wrote . He radioed the restaurant on shore where they 'd had dinner and called the harbor master to see if anyone had seen Wood . The dinghy was found about a mile away from the yacht , and a mile from where Wood 's body was found . Wood 's first starring role was as a child in "  Miracle on 34th Street " in 1947 , and she played alongside some of Hollywood 's top leading men -- James Dean in "  Rebel Without a Cause " and Warren Beatty in "  Splendor in the Grass . " She was nominated for Oscars in both of those films , as well as for "  Love with the Proper Stranger "  1963  , according to IMDb . One of her more memorable roles was as Maria in "  West Side Story . " Wagner 's striking good looks landed him roles in dozens of films in the 1950s and '60s before he hit it big in television . He starred in two popular series , "  It Takes a Thief "  1968-70  and "  Hart to Hart "  1979-84  , and more recently as Number Two in the "  Austin Powers " spy spoofs . Police : Wagner not a suspect in Wood 's death Mysterious celebrity deaths CNN 's Michael Martinez , Kareen Wynter and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Wood 's cause of death is now listed as "  drowning and other undetermined factors " The 1981 death certificate concluded that the actress died from "  accidental drowning " Reopened last November , the case is still an active investigation , detective says Wood drowned in the Pacific Ocean on November 29 , 1981
London  CNN  -- Seven men have been arrested in the United Kingdom on suspicion of terror offenses , West Midlands police said Friday . The arrests on Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday followed the discovery of two guns and a small amount of ammunition hidden in a car stopped by police last weekend who believed it was uninsured , the police said . The news comes as Britain is in a state of heightened security ahead of the London Olympics , which open in three weeks . On Thursday , armed police in Staffordshire closed a major highway and called in bomb disposal squads when a passenger on a bus raised the alarm over smoke coming from a fellow traveler 's bag . The source turned out to be a quit-smoking aid , and no arrests were made . Police in London also arrested six people Thursday on suspicion of committing , planning or instigating terror offenses . Those arrests were not related to the Olympic or Paralympic Games , police said . The arrests announced Friday involve six men from the West Midlands , all in their 20s , and a 43-year-old man from West Yorkshire . Is Olympic-level security already under way in Britain ? The seven men have been detained on suspicion of the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism , a police statement said . Detective Chief Supt. Kenny Bell of the West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit said : "  As soon as the items were discovered in the impounded vehicle , our priority was to protect the public by pursuing and arresting those we believed to be involved . " The firearms , which were not loaded when they were found , are being tested , and police are searching a number of addresses , the statement said . No information has yet been given on the motivation of the suspects . However , it is understood that the individuals arrested in the West Midlands and West Yorkshire were not targeting the Olympics , nor did they have any links to those arrested Thursday in London . Following these arrests the UK Home Office website has not changed the terror threat level from "  substantial , " which is the third highest of five levels . The next level up is "  severe , " which means an attack is "  highly likely , " and the highest is "  critical , " meaning an attack is "  expected imminently . " Additional security measures will be in place in London and elsewhere during the Olympics . They include the siting of missile defense systems around the capital and fighter jets on standby at air bases close to London . Police and intelligence agencies have also stepped up monitoring efforts . Government officials from Washington to London insist there are no known specific or credible terror threats tied to the Olympics . Nonetheless , authorities on both sides of the Atlantic are urging vigilance . The Metropolitan Police is leading the "  largest peacetime operation " seen in the United Kingdom as it seeks to keep the public safe , it said , with up to 9,500 police officers from London and elsewhere to be deployed on the busiest days of the Olympics . As a result , London 's residents and its visitors can expect to see a large police presence on the streets and airport-style security at Olympic venues . The driver of the bus caught up in Thursday 's terror alert on the M6 Toll motorway was praised by his company , Megabus , in a statement Friday for his "  calm and professional " response to the incident . "  It was a scary thing for a lot of people and it was a very long and tiring day , " the driver is quoted as saying . "  We were all in it together and when you 're faced with armed police you ca n't really do anything else other than follow their instructions . " Bus scare , terror arrests ramp up UK security concerns ahead of Olympics CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro and Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	NEW : Police found two unloaded guns and some ammunition in a car they stopped Six men were arrested in the West Midlands and one in West Yorkshire , police say The UK Home Office terror threat level remains unchanged , at "  substantial " Security has been stepped up in Britain ahead of the Olympic Games
Cairo  CNN  -- Armed men and vendors attacked protesters in Tahrir Square on Sunday as clashes continued for hours , leaving many injured . "  The vendors always existed in Tahrir , but today around 6 p.m. they joined dozens of armed men in plainclothes who attacked us with swords , sticks and threw cooking gas canisters at our tents in the center of the square , " said Kareem El Agami , a protester living in the tents since the sit-in started on June 28 . The protesters fought back with rocks and sticks as the clashes turned bloody . Ambulances sped into the square to treat dozens of people injured . Two women suffered major cuts to their scalps . High-ranking police officers in uniform were seen at the entrance of the Egyptian museum several meters away from the Tahrir Square enclosure . "  We were moving our tents away from the center square toward the Mugama Tahrir government building when these men attacked us brutally . They were thugs sent by the police to disperse our sit-in , " said Islam Ismael . His tent is now set outside the government building 's garden . Dr. Adel Aldawi , an official spokesman from the ministry of health , said he dispatched 14 ambulances to the scene . "  So far 20 people were critically injured and transferred to the hospital while 27 were treated on the scene , " he said . Panic continued after the clashes ended as many witnesses who have been sleeping in the square accused the police of sparking the attack . "  We caught a low-ranking policeman in plainclothes among the attackers and checked his identification , then handed him to the military police outside the Ministry of Interior , " said Dr. Yehia Abdel Shafie , a protester who was surrounded by eyewitnesses who confirmed the story . "  The policeman has been lurking around the square since we started our sit-in on June 28 and we noticed him trying to push in men between us to gather information . Today we actually saw him join the attackers and guide them toward our tents , " Ismael told CNN . Dozens of people are continuing their sit-in at Tahrir Square in a cautious atmosphere . They are using ropes to surround their tents to keep street vendors and thugs away . Young men are directing traffic in the square and its side streets because the police are not present . The army deployed hundreds of troops with armored vehicles onto the streets Wednesday to protect the Ministry of the Interior after the police were forced to withdraw from Tahrir Square when anti-government protests raged . Many Egyptians are angry at the slow pace of change since President Hosni Mubarak resigned on February 11 after protests . A group called the January 25 Coalition issued a range of demands Wednesday , one day after the latest demonstrations began . They called for the "  speedy trial of snipers and killers of protesters , the removal of Cairo 's head of security and the official spokesman of the Ministry of Interior " and "  an immediate investigation in the events of last night . " The group , named for the day anti-government protests began this year , also called for the release of detainees held overnight and the "  immediate expulsion of security officers who continue to butcher and kill Egyptian people . " The military-led government that took over when Mubarak resigned has been prosecuting several former officials accused of ordering security forces to fire on protesters . A police officer accused of killing 20 protesters during a January 28 demonstration has been sentenced to death . Former Interior Minister Habib El Adly has been sentenced to 12 years for corruption charges but still awaits the verdict for the charge of killing protesters . Mubarak is scheduled to face the Cairo Criminal Court on August 3 on charges of corruption and deaths of protesters , the justice department said Wednesday . Egypt 's military rulers have set parliamentary elections for September . Protests have continued in the months since Mubarak 's ouster as Egyptians have demanded speedier reforms and economic improvements . Street vendors on mobile carts that sell tea , corn , fresh juice , sandwiches among other products have been present in Tahrir Square for months during the revolution . The same activists that led the protests on January 25 that ousted Mubarak have called for a massive protest Friday , which has been labeled the "  second revolution . " The organizers have announced that no street vendors may be present for next week 's protests and national ID cards will be required for entrance to the square .	Dozens injured in hours-long clashes Eyewitnesses accuse police of sparking the attack People angry about pace of change since Mubarak stepped down Massive protest called for this Friday
CNN  -- Southwest of Toronto , in a satellite city called Mississauga , Ma Yansong 's vision of a flowing , organic architecture halts the tedium of a relentlessly box-shaped cityscape . His two residential towers are alike in their sinuous curvilinearity -- which enraptured locals nicknamed "  Marilyn Monroe " -- but were designed separately . The first tower was so beloved by Missisaugans , a second was commissioned and completed last year . Since winning this first big international commission in 2006 , Ma 's eight-year-old Beijing firm MAD has made a name for itself as a leading exponent of urban design that 's both futuristic and respectful of nature . Their projects include breathtaking museums and towers in the Chinese cities of Harbin , Ordos and Tianjin , but Canada 's Absolute Towers are Ma 's favorite . He was only 30 years old when his design was commissioned . "  I 'd never built a building before , and that was a huge building . I had to figure out how to assemble my team , how to build a high rise . It was a surprise . I did n't know it was so complicated to make a building , " he said . View a hi-res gallery of Ma Yansong 's ` Great Buildings ' Achieved with the help of Toronto architect Atilla Burka and structural engineer Sigmund Soudack , the first tower is 170 meters tall , with elliptical floor plates that twist at varying points depending on corresponding features in the landscape . Today , Ma says he 's glad he did n't know how difficult it would be to execute his vision -- he might not have tried if he had . "  I was so confident about what I proposed , because I was thinking about the city . " The city appreciated it . "  Architecture lives in Mississauga at long last , " wrote one critic , who compared the building 's sashaying , ribbed shape to the pleated , body-draping garments of fashion designer Issey Miyake . Another critic deemed it "  sassy , sexy and irreverent toward the formal pieties of cereal-box skyscraper modernism " , and a comeback to "  Toronto developers who complain that they ca n't build and sell anything except the same boring stuff we 've been seeing since the Second World War . "  I did n't try to make it sexy , just not a box , " Ma says . "  I 'm trying to express nature in big cities . I grew up in the old neighborhood of Beijing where you had a courtyard and trees . Actually , the whole of Beijing was a garden -- the Forbidden City -- and the lakes and gardens in the city center were all artificial , " he said . Watch ` Great Buildings ' on Connect the World "  I think that 's a good pattern for future cities . There must be a way to combine the high rise and high density environment with nature . Maybe we can have our gardens in the sky . We can link different buildings in the sky , and we can have a waterfall in a high rise . It would be beautiful . " The building Ma most wishes he had designed is the Salk Institute by Louis Kahn who , like Ma , studied at Yale . Located in La Jolla , California , the building was commissioned by the inventor of the polio vaccine , Dr Jonas Salk , who wanted to create a place where scientists could be inspired . Kahn designed two parallel buildings with protruding towers which afford space for study . The six-storey structures are separated by a light-filled , marble plaza with a central water channel leading out toward the Pacific Ocean . iReport : Your favorite buildings The building 's use of concrete is widely praised , but Ma says he particularly likes its relationship to its environment . "  When people are in the central plaza , they feel so connected to nature , to the sky and the ocean , emotionally . I always imagine in 100 or 200 years , when people go there , they will feel the same , " he said . "  I went there two or three years ago for the first time . I arrived there at midnight so I had to climb into the place , and was guided out by security . "  It was in the dark , so it looked different from the pictures -- everyone knows these pictures ; you have the building on both sides and the ocean and sky in front -- but in the evenings , it 's like a black hole , " he says . "  The end is a void and it 's horizontal not vertical , so you do n't feel you 're small and helpless . When you 're in that space you feel you 're the center , and you can talk to your future . "	Chinese architect Ma Yansong 's favorite design is the Absolute Towers in Mississauga , Ontario Locals have nicknamed the twisting residential towers "  Marilyn Monroe " on account of their sinuous curves The building he wishes he 'd designed is Louis Kahn 's Salk Institute in La Jolla , California Ma aims to combine high-rise and high-density environments with nature , he says
CNN  -- In the heart of Belgrade , the vibrant and resilient capital of Serbia , a slow and colorful transformation is taking place . Once ugly and industrial , the historic neighborhood of Savamala has emerged in recent years as the thriving epicenter of the city 's cultural life . Following decades of neglect , Savamala is now blossoming back to life as a diverse crowd of artists and entrepreneurs have poured in to reclaim the area and transform its run-down warehouses and abandoned spaces into hubs of creativity . At the center of this urban remake is Mikser House , a previously derelict state-owned garage that has now become a booming cultural space showcasing the best of Balkan art , thought and design . "  It 's a roof for many different activities , " says Maja Lalic , the creative force behind Mikser House . "  It 's basically connecting creative people of very different disciplines but with a similar goal and desire to be productive and constructive , " continues Lalic , an Ivy League-educated architect . "  These small-scale skills of surviving and being able to make something out of nothing , this kind of bitter-sweet attitude to life , and we used to say ` who if not us , ' and ` when if not now . ' " Rich history Such a transformation is not new in Belgrade , a city that has been destroyed and rebuilt some 40 times throughout its long and tumultuous history . Lying at the confluence of the great Danube and Sava rivers , Belgrade -- home today for some 1.5 million people -- is strategically located at the crossroads between Eastern and Western Europe and a meeting point of different civilizations . Nowhere is Belgrade 's historical and cultural significance more evident than in the imposing ancient fortress that towers over the point where the Danube and Sava rivers mingle . Standing in some form since the second century on top of a cliff-like ridge , the sprawling castle has over the years sheltered Serbian , Roman , Byzantine and Ottoman troops -- to name just a few . "  Belgrade was so many times conquered , pulled down and built again , so , that is why we have so many layers and every of those people left its marks on the ground of this city , " says art historian Bojana Ibrajter Gazibara , surrounded by a cluster of ancient statues and elaborate headstones that dot an old gunpowder storage room deep inside the fortress . Breathtaking scenery Now a historical monument that encompasses a large park , the fortress is a popular destination for locals and tourists thanks to its charming walking paths and spectacular river views . It 's also the ideal location for Dragan Trifunovic , the owner/pilot of Helivideo , who often comes here to fly his camera-mounted drone and capture Belgrade 's grand picture -- as well as its continuous rebuilding . "  When I was kid I always dreamed how it would be nice to be able to fly and to see what birds can see , and with this equipment , my dreams came true , " says Trifunovic , adding that the breathtaking shots give people more pride in their city . "  People are very proud to live in this city and to see it from another angle , " he says . Click through the gallery above to see some of Helivideo 's aerial images , as well as other photographic aspects of life in Belgrade . Read this : Europe 's best music festival Read this : The tree that charges your phone More from On the Road Serbia	The historic area of Savamala is today the cultural heartbeat of Belgrade Once neglected and ugly , the neighborhood is now the home of artists and designers The Serbian capital has been destroyed and rebuilt some 40 times
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso stretched his lead in the world championship standings with a peerless drive from pole position to win the German Grand Prix at Hockenheim Sunday . The 30-year-old Spaniard was claiming his third victory of the season for Ferrari after wins in Malaysia and the European Grand Prix . He came home just under four seconds clear of the two-time defending champion Sebastian Vettel in his Red Bull . But Vettel was demoted to fifth for running off the track as he overtook McLaren 's Jenson Button on the penultimate lap of 67 . He was handed a 20 second penalty by race stewards to leave Britain 's Button in second place and Finland 's Kimi Raikkonen  Lotus-Renault  in the final podium position . Kamui Kobayashi of Japan was promoted to fourth , with Mexican teammate Sergio Perez  Sauber  in sixth . Home hero and seven-time champion Michael Schumacher was seventh for Mercedes ahead of Red Bull 's Mark Webber , who lost ground in the title race . German Nico Hulkenberg , who was ninth for Force India , and his compatriot Nico Rosberg , in the second Mercedes , completed the points scoring . 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton  McLaren  saw his title chances further recede after being forced to retire after a puncture picked up from track debris . It followed an early collision between Ferrari number two Felipe Massa and Frenchman Romain Grosjean of Lotus . For Alonso , a third world title beckons after stretching his lead to 34 points over Australia 's Webber , with Vettel in third , but 10 points further adrift . "  We 'll enjoy the win , " said Alonso . "  Starting on pole was the key factor because it was difficult to overtake and we were not the fastest but we kept the position . " Vettel told the post-race press conference that he had not intended to hinder Button as he overtook the Briton . "  The last thing you want to do is make contact . When we were side-by-side , I tried to give him enough room -- but it 's difficult to see . "  I went wide . We were all struggling with tires , Jenson in particular , which is why I was able to pass him . "	Fernando Alonso wins German Grand Prix at Hockenheim Alonso extends title lead to 34 points with third win of season Sebastian Vettel crosses line second but demoted to fifth Jenson Button second in revamped McLaren
CNN  Astronauts on the International Space Station completed a spacewalk Sunday despite the appearance of water inside an astronaut 's helmet , NASA reported . In a tweet , the space agency said astronaut Terry Virts experienced water inside his helmet , just as he did Wednesday , but "  it 's a known issue ; no concern . " The spacewalk lasted five hours and 38 minutes , NASA said . "  Crews have now spent a total of 1,171 hours and 29 minutes conducting space station assembly and maintenance during 187 spacewalks , " the agency said in a release . NASA previously said the suit worn by NASA astronaut Virts has a history of "  sublimator water carryover . " Water in the sublimator cooling component can condense when the suit is repressurized after a spacewalk , causing a small amount of water to push into the helmet , NASA said . NASA said International Space Station managers had "  a high degree of confidence " in the suit . On the upcoming spacewalk , Virts and Barry Wilmore installed antennas to provide data to visiting vehicles and deploy 400 feet of cable along the edge of the station . Virts said he first noticed traces of fluid and dampness in his helmet Wednesday while he was waiting for the crew lock cabin to repressurize . He and Wilmore had been outside the space station for nearly seven hours working on the station 's robotic arm and performing some maintenance . Virts immediately alerted fellow astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti about the water , and she alerted Mission Control in Houston . Cristoforetti helped Virts out of his helmet and examined it . She confirmed the presence of moisture , mostly in the helmet absorption pad , or HAP , describing it as "  wet and cold . " At the request of Mission Control , Anton Shkaplerov used a syringe to draw as much water as he could from the top of the helmet . Water had collected in the white plastic at the top and around both ear cups . Shkaplerov estimated there was 15 milliliters of water in the helmet . That 's a far cry from the amount of water that accumulated in Luca Parmitano 's suit during a spacewalk in July 2013 . Between 1 and 1.5 liters of water backed up in the suit and helmet , prompting fears Parmitano could drown in his own helmet . The spacewalk was cut short , and NASA implemented some changes to its suits , including the addition of absorbent padding in helmets . There was another intrusion of water into the helmet during another spacewalk on December 24 , 2013 . NASA commentator Rob Navias said it was noticed at the same point in the mission as Wednesday 's leak -- during the repressurization of the crew lock , the area from which astronauts enter and exit ISS while in space .	Spacewalk last more than five hours ; crews have spent more than 1,171 hours spacewalking Astronaut Terry Virts found a small amount of water inside his helmet
Morgantown , West Virginia  CNN  -- Wealthy Republican businessman John Raese has run three times for statewide office in West Virginia over the past few decades and has never won . It was n't that long ago that most political observers here and in Washington thought his fourth campaign would be a losing battle too -- a Senate race against popular Democratic Gov. Joe Manchin . But now , several public surveys as well as parties ' private polls show Raese within striking distance of snatching the seat of the late Sen. Robert Byrd from Democratic hands . In interview at his campaign headquarters , Raese , who joked that the Tea Party is to the left of him , said he believes voters are now more open to his anti-government views . "  I 've been a conservative in West Virginia before that was popular , " said Raese . "  I 've seen a change in West Virginia . " Raese 's leading argument to voters fits neatly on a bumper sticker his campaign is distributing : "  No rubber stamps . " In television and radio ads , and on the campaign trail , Raese is pounding Manchin -- warning voters he would be a "  rubber stamp " for President Obama and the Democratic-controlled Congress . Those are stinging accusations in a conservative state that voted decisively for John McCain over Obama , and where the president 's approval rating is extremely low . Still , in any other election year , those charges might not resonate against Manchin , who is incredibly popular in West Virginia . But Democratic strategists say their internal polling and focus groups show that tying Manchin to Obama , Democratic congressional leaders and their policies is dragging him down . It could be heard in Milton , West Virginia , along the Pumpkin Festival parade route . "  I think he 's doing a great job here and I voted for him both times he 's run here in West Virginia , " said Dave Ridel , who had just waved to the governor going by , "  but going to Washington , it scares me to death that he 's just going to be a rubber stamp . " It 's a dichotomy that speaks volumes about the frustration voters have with Washington . Manchin says he knows it 's a challenge for him . "  Yeah , they 're mad . " he said in an interview , "  The Democrats in Washington are in control and so absolutely it resonates to them . The bottom line here is that people do n't want government on their backs and they want them out of their pocket . " Manchin also admits that the president 's unpopularity in West Virginia is a real issue . "  It has made a difference in my race , " said Manchin , but quickly noted , "  President Obama is not on the ballot . He will not be a U.S. senator . He 's definitely not on the ballot in West Virginia . It 's me " The "  me " Manchin reminds people of is the governor they really like who has brought the state 's deficit down and kept unemployment lower than the national average . "  Our state is stronger now than ever . Most states are struggling to survive , " he said . "  We have not cut any services . We have not raised any taxes . We 're still cutting the taxes , you know , and we have not laid anybody off . " Manchin also boasts about the broad coalition of support for his candidacy , from the AFL-CIO , to the Chamber of Commerce , to the NRA and coal miners associations . "  I am fiercely independent , " Manchin said . He is now working harder to reinforce that image and distance himself from his own party 's policies that are unpopular in his state . Earlier this year , Manchin said he supported the Democratic Party 's health care legislation . Now he wants to repeal all but a handful of provisions , like no discrimination for pre-existing conditions . "  That 's a pretty good start . Why do n't you start with that ? Kill the rest of it . Start with what you agree on , " said Manchin . He also said in an interview that he now believes if the near $ 800 billion stimulus bill was before him as a senator , he would have voted no . "  You know what ? The expansion of that , that 's not who I am , " said Manchin . The federal government allocated about $ 1.5 billion in stimulus money for West Virginia , but Manchin said he would only take part of that , and insisted he would spend it slowly and judiciously . Manchin and Democrats here are hitting back against Raese by painting the wealthy miner and media magnate as out of touch with West Virginia voters . Democratic strategists have been pushing the fact that Raese 's family lives in Florida , not West Virginia . The GOP candidate told CNN the reason for that is because his 12-year-old daughter has special needs . "  There are not a lot of services around for that special child , and so we picked out a school that would be a very good school for her , " said Raese . "  But we have houses here in West Virginia . This is where I vote . This is where I 'm from . I 'm running for the U.S. Senate , but I 'll do anything I can to take care of my children , " he added . Democrats are also sending around a photo of a pink marble driveway outside of Raese 's Florida home . "  I think it 's a good freedom of choice and the last time I checked here in America we are free , even to have a pink marble driveway , " he said . But Manchin 's television ad hits the Raese-is-not-like-you theme on an issue , not a personal preference : Raese wants to end the mimimum wage . "  Minimum wage is something Franklin Delano Roosevelt put in during the Depression . It did n't work during the Depression and it certainly has n't worked now , " Raese said . "  The laws of supply and demand have to start working . We have to get back to free enterprise in this country . " He emphatically defended what he called his "  conviction . " "  Minimum wage has never worked in this country . It 's something that hurts a lot of youth employment in this country , " he said . The GOP Senate candidate also wants to eliminate the Department of Education , which he calls redundant to what the states are doing , and get rid of the Department of Energy too . "  It costs us $ 32 billion a year to have the Department of Energy . They do n't drill wells and they do n't dig mines , " Raese said . If Raese makes it to the Senate , he says he 'll also vote to do away with the Internal Revenue Service . "  We spend millions of dollars every year just for the right to pay our taxes , but once again , do we really need to do that ? Why do n't we simplify it ? " asked Raese , who says he is considering a "  fair " or flat tax . It is unclear how much support Raese has for those views in West Virginia . What is clear is that to beat the popular governor , he 's going to have to rely on a lot of voters like Nathan Rose , the manager at First Watch diner in Charleston . Rose said in an interview that he does n't know a lot about Raese , and does n't much care . "  I just know that the primary thing about him is that he 's going to oppose Obama , " said Rose . "  That 's what matters to me . "	Republican millionaire is making a strong run against a popular governor running for Senate John Raese 's campaign is his fourth attempt to win statewide office Raese says he 's more conservative than the Tea Party Gov. Joe Manchin calls himself "  fiercely independent "
CNN  -- A suspect in a series of bank robberies in which the thief pedaled off on a bicycle has been apprehended , California authorities said Thursday . Hubert Rotteveel , 47 , of Dixon , California , was arrested Wednesday afternoon after two banks in the Woodland , California , area were robbed in just over an hour , Sgt. Anthony Cucchi of the Woodland Police Department said . The robber pedaled up to the River City Bank in Woodland shortly before 2 p.m. Wednesday , police said . Wearing black clothing , sunglasses and a white bicycle helmet , he held tellers at gunpoint and demanded money before fleeing on a bike , authorities said . At approximately 3 p.m. , the First Northern Bank in West Sacramento was robbed by a bike-riding bandit . "  As he 's fleeing that bank on his bicycle , " Cucchi said , "  he passes a police officer from West Sacramento and the dye pack  in the stolen money  in his bag explodes in front of the officer . "  He tries a quick getaway and the officer gets right on him and apprehends him , " Cucchi said . Rotteveel was being held at the Yolo County jail , with bail set at $ 200,000 , authorities said . Authorities believe the suspect may be linked to several armed bank robberies in northern California , including one in Santa Cruz on Monday afternoon .	Bike-riding bandit has hit several banks in northern California Two robberies occurred about an hour apart ; robber pedaled off from both After second heist , dye pack exploded as suspect rode past police officer
CNN  -- Each year , bright , optimistic Africans leave home to earn an education or seek a better economic life abroad for themselves and their families . With fewer opportunities in their home country , many never return home . The African Diaspora is broadly defined by the African Union Commission as "  peoples of African origin living outside the continent , irrespective of their citizenship and nationality and who are willing to contribute to the development of the continent and the building of the African Union . " Globally , Africans in the diaspora are spread out across the continents . In North America , there are 39 million from the African Diaspora ; 113 million in Latin America ; 13.6 million in the Caribbean ; and 3.5 million in Europe , the World Bank estimates . The African Diaspora is not a monolithic group -- some were born and reared outside of their home country ; many migrated to Europe , the United States and other parts of the world at a young age ; while others arrived to attend college . No matter how they arrived in their adopted country , diasporans bring a distinct perspective to the discourse on Africa because they have experienced both worlds and can serve as a bridge in fostering greater understanding between the continent and their adopted country . Read this : Africa 's most exciting photographers My personal story is that I have lived most of my life as an African diasporan . I was born in the Democratic Republic of Congo . Yet , in my father 's pursuit to attain a higher education and better career opportunities , my family moved to Japan , the United States , and then Liberia . I returned to the United States for my undergraduate and post-graduate degrees , and remained in the States to build my career . We live in an interconnected world . My life embodies this interconnection . I love my adopted country of America and all that it has to offer ; and Africa is where my roots are and where my heart and passion live . With this duality , I try to marry these worlds the best way that I can in my daily life . The organization that I lead , The Africa-America Institute  AAI  has served as a bridge between continents for 60 years . As African nations were gaining independence from colonial rule in 1953 , AAI was founded to build human capacity on the continent by providing opportunities for African students to pursue academic degrees at top universities in the United States . After receiving their degrees , more than 90 % of our alumni returned home to become leaders in the public , non-profit , and private sectors in Africa , where they contributed to strengthening the foundation for African development . Read this : ` New wind of change is blowing through Africa ' With 23,000 AAI alumni worldwide , we proudly count prominent alumni such as Wangari Maathai , the late Kenyan environmental and women 's rights activist and Nobel Laureate ; Prime Minister H.E. Nahas Angula of Namibia ; and President Joyce Banda of Malawi , among other distinguished African leaders . Today , AAI offers rigorous professional development and leadership training programs through our African partner institutions to women and men who exhibit talent and leadership in key fields -- and who display a deep commitment to advancing to Africa 's development . Indeed , Africans in the diaspora have so much to offer the continent , boosting one of the world 's fastest-growing economic regions -- six of the 10 fastest growing markets in the world are in sub-Saharan Africa . By leveraging the skills , ingenuity and resources that the African Diaspora possesses , diasporans are uniquely positioned to contribute to boosting economic growth and prosperity in Africa . Firstly , diasporans can help dispel myths and stereotypes about Africa to change the narrative about the continent . All diasporans can serve as "  brand ambassadors " to bring a new vision and inspiring ideas for Africa . By and large , the three "  Ds " about Africa -- death , despair and disease -- still prevail in the minds of many people in the Western world . African diasporans , especially young people , can become the face of a "  new Africa " -- educated , optimistic , and actively working to transform and shape Africa 's future . Secondly , diasporans can help shape foreign policy . Since many in the African Diaspora still maintain strong connections to the continent , diasporans can help influence foreign policy priorities by offering informative analysis of on-the-ground realities in African nations and sharing under-reported success stories of progress taking place , as well as solutions to development challenges . Lastly , diasporans can bring their talent , energy , skills and technological know-how to furthering economic progress in Africa . Many Africans in the diaspora want to eventually go back home after living abroad . However , one of their biggest challenges is finding suitable employment once they return . The demand for talent is high in Africa , yet the wide skills gap is a sobering reality . A McKinsey Global Institute Report estimates that 122 million people will be added to Africa 's labor force between 2010 and 2020 , creating a burgeoning labor force of more than 500 million across the continent . Skilled professionals from the African Diaspora are recognizing the tremendous opportunities that exist in Africa and are repatriating home in greater numbers to fill top positions at multinational corporations and organizations on the continent . They are also investing in Africa 's emerging markets and launching African-led businesses and enterprises to create well-needed jobs and spur economic growth . Harnessing the talents and expertise of the African Diaspora can help to bolster Africa 's workforce development . Recognizing this tremendous asset , AAI hosted a Talent Summit where mid-career professionals from the diaspora learned about the challenges and opportunities of launching a career in Africa or at leading Africa-focused organizations in the United States . Attendees left the summit armed with information to plan a possible career transition . Mobilizing the full participation of Africans in the diaspora is a win-win for Africa , and can foster stronger connections between continents to accelerate Africa 's social and economic development . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amini Kajunju .	African Diaspora can boost continent 's prosperity , says Amini Kajunju They can dispel myths about Africa and help shape foreign policy , she says Skilled diasporan professionals are investing in Africa
CNN  -- Togo captain Emmanuel Adebayor has labeled as "  outrageous " the controversial decision to ban his side from the next two Africa Cup of Nations . Togo , who pulled out of this year 's finals after a terror attack on their team bus left three dead , were hit with the shock ban and a $ 50,000 fine by the Confederation of Africa Football  CAF  on Saturday . Why Togo ban rubs salt into open wounds Manchester City star Adebayor reacted furiously to the news and claimed that CAF 's Cameroonian president Issa Hayatou had "  completely betrayed " the Togo squad and called for him to quit . He told L'Equipe : "  Mr Hayatou has served Africa extensively , but now he must escape . This decision is outrageous . " Adebayor , who was not injured in the attack and has now returned to his club side , went on : "  They do not care about the voice of the world . It was our head of state  Faure Gnassingbe  who sent us to the African Nations Cup to defend the colors of our country . "  He said the threat surrounding our squad had not gone and told us to return to our country . We are only ambassadors . We were obliged to return , and there was nothing we could do . " Togo 's French coach , Hubert Velud , called on FIFA president and UEFA chief Michel Platini to intervene . "  I am curious to know if Blatter and Platini will endorse this decision , " he said . "  If they let this go , it is the gateway to completely dysfunctional football . I officially launched an appeal to international bodies to see their reaction . " Three people were killed in the attack , which took place while Togo traveled to the team hotel two days before their opening match earlier this month . Communications chief Stanislas Ocloo and assistant coach Abalo Amnalete were shot dead and goalkeeper , Kodjovi Obilale , was among the injured . Togo wanted to continue despite the attack but quit on their national government 's orders . The attack raised fears about security for the World Cup , which takes place in South Africa later this year . CAF has decided the decision to recall the team was political interference , leading to Saturday 's suspension for the tournaments in 2012 and 2014 . CAF said in a statement : "  The executive committee and its president renewed their sincere condolences to the families of victims involved in this tragic terrorist attack which happened January 8 , 2010 . "  The attack was condemned by CAF and also a total support was given to the Togolese team . "  At that time , CAF said they have understood perfectly the decision of players not to participate in the competition . "  Meanwhile , following a decision taken by players to participate in the competition , the Togolese government decided to call back their national team . "  The decision taken by the political authorities is infringing CAF and CAN  African Nations Cup  regulations . "  Therefore , a decision has been taken to suspend the Togo national team for the next two editions of Africa Cup of Nations , with a fine of U.S. dollars 50,000 handed to the Togolese national football association , in conformity with article 78 of Africa Cup of Nations Angola 2010 . " Two men arrested over the attack were said to be members of the Forces for Liberation of the State of Cabinda , an armed wing of a separatist group that has claimed responsibility for the attack and has threatened to strike again . Cabinda is a disputed oil-rich enclave in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and was the site of eight matches in the African Cup of Nations tournament . The Africa Cup of Nations tournament is one of the biggest sporting events in the world this year , and Angola 's first since a 2002 peace deal ended decades of civil war in the southern African country .	Togo captain Emmanuel Adebayor slams decision to ban his team from next two Africa Cup of Nations Adebayor says decision by CAF ` outrageous ' and calls on their president to quit Togo pulled out of tournament this month after terrorist attack on their bus killed three African governing body CAF decided decision to recall team was political interference
Washington  CNN  -- Several observers on the left side of the opinion spectrum write dismissively of the followers of the Tea Party . About the kindest labels appended to them are "  rednecks , " "  highly volatile " and "  laughable . " Young research assistants at George Washington University see them as "  psychopaths , " "  racists , " "  anti-Semites " and "  homophobes " and hold that , in the political arena , "  one can not talk to them ; one must defeat them . " As I see it , it is never a good idea to dismiss out of hand a major social movement . One poll in December found the tea party movement was then viewed favorably by more Americans  41 percent  than either the Democrats  35 percent  or the Republicans  28 percent  . More importantly , the concern on the part of tea partiers that the government is not responsive to the interests and values of the majority is a valid one . Whether the bank and auto industry bailouts , the huge economic stimulus package and the health care bill are good policies or bad -- and will help the economy or hurt it -- they are not favored by the majority of Americans . And the things that people most care about -- the creation of new jobs and vigorous economic growth -- are lacking . Even more important are the ways the bills were fashioned . There is a saying in Washington that one should never see the ways laws and sausages are made . Well , many people are choking on them even without knowing how they were concocted . Those of us who follow politics closely have become inured to the fact that the bills that are finally enacted  often after months of haggling , slicing and dicing  are loaded with earmarks that favor some congressional districts or industry and are riddled with exceptions for special interests . You may not wonder why the auto dealers won exemptions in Congress from the new financial regulations . But the behind-the-scene deals the White House has made are enough to make you sick . These include deals with private hospitals to drop the public option in exchange for their support of the health care bill and with the pharmaceutical industry to block Americans from purchasing low-cost drugs from other countries . Some of us have learned to live with these maneuvers as long as something comes out at the other end . However , many Americans are busy working or looking for a job , taking care of their families and trying to find some spare time to follow their favorite sports team and have a beer . But when they are made aware of these shenanigans , they are nauseated . As they should be . I choose my words carefully . I suggest that the sense of the tea partiers that they have been had is largely a valid one . At the same time , their ideas of what ought to be done are very much off the mark . The desire to gut the government ignores the fact that there are many important missions that the government is best-suited to accomplish . However , before those of us who do not belong to this movement can carry this message to the tea partiers , we first need to validate their feelings , rather than dismiss them . And we must be honest : Reforming the government so that it will be less captured by special interests and more responsive to the public interest is a difficult road to navigate . Indeed , that road was recently made more difficult to navigate by a Supreme Court ruling that largely lifted the limits on legalized bribery , which is the proper name for allowing corporations and labor unions to make unfettered donations to the political campaigns of those who do their bidding . The best we can offer is to point out that a major , populist social movement can serve to countervail special interests , as long as it sees its role as to straighten out the government , rather than to decimate it . This is what the progressive movement of yore accomplished . However , we can not have this very badly needed dialogue with the followers of the tea party unless we make it clear that we understand where they are coming from . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni : Tea party correct that government not responsive to majority He says they are right to be disgusted by Washington deals that grant special favors He says tea party movement is wrong about the solution Gutting government is not the answer ; getting it on the right track is , says Etzioni
Lagos , Nigeria -- Nigeria 's president ordered security forces Tuesday to step up their search for 15 children kidnapped in the country 's southeastern region when gunmen hijacked a school bus . President Goodluck Jonathan condemned the "  utterly callous and cruel kidnapping " of 15 nursery and primary school pupils on Monday . A statement from the president 's office said the Nigerian leader order the Inspector-General of Police and heads of other security agencies "  to take all necessary steps to rescue the abducted children and return them safely to their parents . " The incident occurred near Aba , the capital of Abia state . Kidnapping has been rampant in the region for years . In this case , the abductors are asking for a ransom of 20 million naira , or nearly $ 130,000 Police do n't know the whereabouts of the children , and they wo n't confirm their nationalities and identities . Geofrey Ogbonna , the state 's police spokesman , said four gunmen boarded a bus headed to Apayi International School in Aba and took the children away . The bus driver and the school teacher who were on board are in police custody and helping law enforcement efforts . Jonathan urged the children 's parents and relatives "  to remain calm " and assured them that the government "  will do everything possible to apprehend the kidnappers and bring closure to these ugly incidents as soon as possible . " Militants in the southern oil-producing region , who have been fighting for years over fairer distribution of the country 's oil wealth , have abducted oil workers , and people engaged in criminal activity have snatched up citizens to get ransom money . Kidnappings and rape in Abia state are common and have become more frequent in recent years . They include vehicle hijackings and even people being snatched off the street . The motive is usually money . Some people travel with security -- if they can afford it . As foreign oil workers improved their personal security , the kidnappers have increasingly targeted Nigerians .	The incident occurred in Abia state Kidnapping has been rampant there for years NEW : The president urges the children 's parents and relatives "  to remain calm "
New York  CNN  -- "  Before my mother 's ... experience , I never even looked at seniors on the street , " said Irene Zola . "  They were pretty much invisible to me . " In 2008 , Zola 's mother , Faye , was admitted into a nursing home after suffering a stroke . "  I knew from that very first night I would have to spend a lot of time there , " she said . "  I did n't want to leave my mother in a place where people were ignoring her . " Four months later , Zola 's mother passed away . "  I was outraged that our culture does n't have a place for very old people except in nursing homes , " she said . "  I decided that I wanted to do something about that . " A New York native and 30-year resident of Morningside Heights -- a neighborhood on Manhattan 's upper west side -- Zola researched the senior population and how their needs were being met and found a solution in her own backyard . " -LSB- A -RSB- friend said , ` What about having some people in our neighborhood taking care of the elders who live here ? ' " Borrowing on that idea , Zola started Morningside Village in 2009 , an initiative that pairs the elderly in her neighborhood with local volunteers who assist them with their day-to-day needs . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes "  Sometimes it 'll be a stroll , or shopping or helping them pay their bills . We 're their daughters and sons helping them to manage their home life , " said Zola , 64 . All the seniors and most of the volunteers live within a 24-block area . Volunteers range in age from 18 to 81 and include college and graduate students , doctors , lawyers and social workers . "  I wanted to establish something to support the aging-in-place community and bring people across generations together , " Zola said . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , approximately 40 million people older than 65 live alone . That number is expected to grow as baby boomers reach their twilight years . "  Families are living far away from their older mother -LSB- or -RSB- father . So who 's there to take care of old people ? " Zola said . Older parents often do n't tell their children about their needs because they fear being a burden or being put into a nursing home . "  This is one way a community can help provide informal care that really makes a difference in the lives of the old people , " she said . Morningside Village is just one initiative of Zola 's nonprofit , S.O.S. , Support Our Seniors . In addition to its efforts to improve the quality of elder care , the group hosts an annual awards event to honor older adults and is working with educators to create high school and college courses to increase the visibility of the elderly . All Morningside Village volunteers go through the group 's application process and orientation . They are advised how to interact with seniors and given wheelchair and emergency training . Zola pairs a veteran volunteer with a novice and then teams them up with a senior with similar interests . In addition to companionship , volunteers provide a wide range of assistance tailored to the needs of the elders , including help with home management , grocery shopping and meal preparation as well as accompanying them to doctor 's appointments . For 96-year-old Dolores Saborido , Zola 's group not only helps her face the challenges of living independently , it also provides her with hope . In the past year , Saborido has fallen twice . The second fall left her bedridden and depressed until a friend introduced her to Zola . "  When I first met Dolores she spent her days thinking about how her casket would look , " Zola said . "  We got her a whole team of doctors , and now she has six to seven visits from Support Our Seniors ' volunteers every week . She does n't talk about caskets anymore . " About 50 volunteers are tending to the needs of 27 elders . Zola believes that by limiting its reach , the group can maximize the feeling of community . That 's the case for 24-year-old volunteer Caroline Pavloff . "  It 's nice , " Pavloff said . "  It 's made me feel more connected to my own neighbors and my own neighborhood . " Still an active volunteer herself , Zola said her neighbors have turned into family . She said she hopes to see Morningside Villages pop up across the country and plans to help those who want to replicate the program . "  Some people believe that old age is a time when people stop learning , but it 's not . And so why not live life to the fullest to the end ? " she said . "  That 's what I love to see . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Lifeforce in Later Years  LiLY  website at lifeforce-in-later-years . org and see how to help .	New York native was outraged at lack of options to nursing homes after mother 's stroke She started an initiative to pair elderly with neighborhood volunteers to help with daily needs So far , about 50 volunteers are tending to the needs of 27 older adults Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2010 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- It looked like it was going to be all Amy Winehouse -- until the end . Herbie Hancock also won best contemporary jazz album for "  River : The Joni Letters . " Winehouse , the troubled singer and songwriter who was let out of rehab to perform via satellite at the 50th annual Grammy Awards Sunday night , took home awards in five of the six categories in which she was nominated , including three of the big four general categories : record of the year , song of the year  both for "  Rehab "  and best new artist . But when it came time for the final announcement , album of the year , the award went to 67-year-old jazz legend Herbie Hancock for "  River : The Joni Letters , " his album of Joni Mitchell interpretations . The decision appeared to shock many , though Hancock was n't caught off-stride . Watch the night 's highlights " In his acceptance , the pianist , who had earlier co-performed George Gershwin 's "  Rhapsody in Blue , " paid tribute to a number of his predecessors , most notably mentor Miles Davis . "  I 'd like to thank the Academy for courageously breaking the mold this time , in doing so , honoring the giants upon whose shoulders I stand , some of whom like Miles Davis , John Coltrane ... unquestionably deserved the award in the past , " Hancock said . "  But this is a new day , that proves that the impossible can be made possible . " "  River " is the first jazz album to win album of the year since Stan Getz and Joao Gilberto 's 1964 "  Getz/Gilberto " pulled off the trick . The two works are the only jazz albums to have done so . Still , Winehouse can consider it a good night . Besides her Grammys , the singer performed a biting medley of "  You Know I 'm No Good " and "  Rehab " via satellite and seemed genuinely thrilled for the honors she received . Gallery : Check out the stars in their finery " Upon winning record of the year , just after her performance , she appeared unaware the cameras were on her as she and her band whooped it up after winning record of the year . But she recovered , giving a rousing thank-you speech in which she said the award was for "  my mom and dad , for my Blake , my Blake incarcerated , and for London ! " "  Blake " is her husband Blake Fielder-Civil , currently behind bars awaiting trial on assault and trial-fixing charges . Kanye West , who received eight nominations total , won best rap album for his "  Graduation , " giving him four wins . West gave a powerful performance of "  Stronger " and "  Hey Mama . " The latter song , in particular , was written for his mother and appeared on West 's 2005 album "  Late Registration . " Donda West died November 10 of a heart attack after surgery . "  I appreciate all the support , I appreciate all the prayers , " he said regarding his mother while accepting the best rap album award . Then , addressing his mother , he said , "  I know you want me to be the No. 1 artist in the world . And , Mama , all I 'm gon na do is keep making you proud . " Vince Gill 's "  These Days " won best country album , an award presented to him by Ringo Starr . "  I just had an award given to me by a Beatle , " Gill said with wonder , and then looked at West -- who 's often been vocal at a perceived lack of mainstream industry acceptance -- in the audience . "  Have you had that happen yet , Kanye ? " West smiled as the audience burst into laughter . The Foo Fighters ' "  Echoes , Silence , Patience & Grace " won best rock album . "  This does n't get old , " frontman Dave Grohl said , dedicating the Grammy to his daughter Violet , who "  inspired me to write this record . " The first award of the night , female R&B performance , went to Alicia Keys , who also opened the show with a "  duet " with a virtual Frank Sinatra , captured on video in an old performance . The pair sang "  Learnin ' the Blues . " "  I hope to one day be as classic as he -LSB- is -RSB- , " she told CNN on the red carpet . Watch Keys describe her Grammy thrills " The night 's performances ranged from stirring -- West 's "  Stronger " / "  Hey Mama , " a duet featuring Josh Groban and Andrea Bocelli , and a John Fogerty-Jerry Lee Lewis-Little Richard medley of classics were highlights -- to offbeat , including a Beatles tribute from Cirque du Soleil and the film , "  Across the Universe , " and a lighthearted duet of "  That Old Black Magic " between Keely Smith and Kid Rock . The evening 's other winners included Bruce Springsteen , who received three Grammys , including best rock song for "  Radio Nowhere , " as well as the White Stripes , Justin Timberlake and Mary J. Blige . Also earning a Grammy was Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama , who defeated two presidents -- Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter -- to take home the award for best spoken-word album . Obama won for his book , "  The Audacity Of Hope : Thoughts On Reclaiming The American Dream . " For Hancock , the Grammy fulfills a dream of his own . The jazzman had won 10 Grammys going into the night 's ceremony , but never album of the year . "  I do n't pay attention to pigeonholes , " he told CNN recently . This time , neither did the Recording Academy . E-mail to a friend	Herbie Hancock wins album of the year Amy Winehouse wins song of the year , record of year , best new artist Vince Gill wins best country album ; Foo Fighters win best rock album Kanye West wins best rap album , gives powerful performance
CNN  -- The Obamacare website might still be slow , but the politics and context of Obamacare are shifting rapidly . On Thursday , to deal with some of the grousing about canceled insurance plans , President Obama announced an administrative fix to allow people to keep those crummy plans  that they think they like  for up to a year . This should quiet some of the complaints within his own party , though certainly not Republicans , who will just find another reason to attack Obama and health care reform . One hopes this fix will put the focus back on making Obamacare implementation as successful and effective as possible . It 's certainly not there yet . On Wednesday , the Obama administration announced that just more than 106,000 Americans had enrolled in health insurance plans through Obamacare exchanges , and another 975,000 people had shopped for plans but not enrolled in a selection yet . No one is cheering these numbers -- well , no one except those Republicans who did n't want anyone to have access to affordable , quality private health insurance options in the first place . The 106,000 enrollments are well below the 500,000 the White House had originally projected for this period before launch of the exchanges . The brouhaha over canceled insurance plans has muddied an otherwise positive law . But all of the above should be put in a broader context -- the context of enrollment in past comparable insurance systems , the context of what health insurance was like before the Affordable Care Act passed , and the context of its opponents ' repeated lies meant to distort and destroy Obamacare . So , here are three handy charts to help you understand the reality of Obamacare and separate fact from fear-mongering . CHART 1 : Romneycare enrollment Looking for an analog to what Obamacare enrollment might look like nationwide ? Look no further than Massachusetts , which implemented a mini-version of Obamacare under then-Gov . Mitt Romney . In 2007 , Romneycare was n't even plagued by a bum website rollout -- and enrollment was still gradual , as shown in this chart  click on it to expand  and explained by Jonathan Cohn at The New Republic . It can be expected that people who need Obamacare the most -- either because they 're sick or because they 're sick of their current expensive individual insurance -- will enroll first , but everybody else , especially those who are currently uninsured , will wait until the last minute to sign up before they face the individual mandate penalty . Plus , even people who want their new plan to kick in on January 1 , 2014 , have until December 15 to enroll in a plan . Also , choosing among the many options in the Obamacare exchanges does take time -- which might explain , for instance , why almost 1 million people have logged into the exchange but not yet chosen an insurance option . With time , those numbers can be expected to grow . CHART 2 : How bad it was before Obamacare We may need a reminder of how disastrous our health insurance system was before Congress passed Obamacare . Just one way of looking at this is that health care spending as a percent of family income was already an astronomical 19 % in 2009 but was projected to be 30 % by 2019 and 48 % by 2029 -- unless something was done . This reality is particularly lost when discussing the estimated 2 % to 4 % of Americans who have private insurance plans that will ultimately be canceled because of higher coverage standards set by the Affordable Care Act . Many of those people will find they have even better options in the exchanges , and at better prices . But even the small percentage of folks who find themselves paying more for insurance should be seen in the broader context of health care and insurance costs that were already skyrocketing out of control , for all of us , before Obamacare was passed . CHART 3 : About those canceled plans Finally , yes , Obama will implement an administrative fix so people can keep their lousy insurance plans for another year if they want to . But insurance companies will now be required to tell people they have other  and in many cases , probably better  options in the new exchanges . This will hopefully stop the practice of insurance companies trying to trick people with canceled plans into buying much more expensive new plans from the same company rather than shopping around . But it will likely not stop Republican finger-pointing and accusations that President Obama lied . No matter that Obama apologized for the promise that people who liked their insurance plans could keep them , tried to clarify the situation and is implementing a fix in fulfillment of that pledge . But wait , are n't Republicans the ones who came up with death panels and keep asserting that lie even though it was not only disproven but also called the "  lie of the year " by PolitiFact ? To make the point that Republicans really should n't be pointing fingers in the lie department , Steve Benen came up with this chart to put this into perspective : So here 's where this leaves us : Not enough people have signed up for Obamacare yet , but there 's still plenty of time ; enrollment was slow when Massachusetts did this , too . And the administrative fix announced on Thursday will , incidentally , ease the transition period to new plans while probably keeping enrollment numbers even lower since people can now keep their current plans an extra year . Meanwhile , even a slow and clunky Obamacare rollout is better than the runaway health care costs and millions of uninsured Americans we had before Obamacare . Republicans should stop trying to sabotage the law . Obamacare is slowly but steadily rising over the obstacles of our broken insurance status-quo -- and destructive Republicans . When Obamacare is finally , fully implemented , our families , our health care system and our economy will all be better off . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Sally Kohn : Obama 's fix on cancelled health plan lets us refocus on implementation She says enrollment numbers lagging , but recall , Romneycare signups slow too She health insurance system was disaster that Obamacare will ultimately redress Kohn : GOP lies meant to thwart implementation that will help families , economy
Misrata , Libya  CNN  -- Heavy fighting that began at dawn and continued past midnight Friday left at least 31 people dead Saturday in the western Libyan city of Misrata , where rebel forces thwarted efforts by government forces to enter from the west and south . By the end of Friday , more than 160 others had been wounded , said medical sources at the city 's Hekmah Hospital . Friday 's casualties were the heaviest in a month , Dr. Khaled Abu Falgha said . Medics chanted , "  The martyrs are beloved to God " every time a patient died , he said . The rebels said Gadhafi 's forces also shelled nearby Zlitan , as well as rebel positions in Dafniya . Tanks were rolling in and witnesses on the frontline said pro-Gadhafi forces were firing rockets and missiles . "  It is horrible out there , " one rebel fighter said . "  The revolutionaries are taking tank power in their chests . " Misrata 's oustkirts were under continuous bombardment Friday . At a field hospital set up on the western front , doctors were so busy they did n't count the dozens of patients they treated . Their efforts were focused largely on stabilizing the wounded so they could withstand the trip to the main hospital in the city center . There , rebel forces were firmly in control and the streets remained quiet throughout the day , except for loud , thunderous booms in the distance . By the end of the day , rebels said , government forces had been pushed farther west -- away from the city . Misrata has borne the brunt of the fighting in Libya for the past two months . More than 1,000 people are believed to have been killed here since early February , including 686 civilian residents . Gadhafi 's forces laid siege to Misrata and cut off land access , leaving the port as the only escape route . They retreated to the perimeters but were trying to regain control of the city , about 130 miles  209 kilometers  east of Tripoli . In Washington , Sen. Carl Levin emerged from a meeting of the U.S. Armed Services Committee and appeared pleased with NATO 's progress . "  I am satisfied that Gadhafi 's military has been severely degraded , that politically he has been significantly weakened , that the NATO operations are going well , they are coordinated and we have not lost one person yet , " the Democrat from Michigan said . The committee chairman rejected the term "  stalemate " to describe the effort , which has lasted nearly three months . But Sen. Jeff Sessions , also a member of the committee , expressed impatience over NATO 's pace of progress in the northern African country . "  I 'm not sure we are acting with decisive abilities that we have to impact the outcome , " the Republican from Alabama said . "  I felt like , had we moved aggressively , as Senator  John  Kerry  D-Massachusetts  and Senator  John  McCain  R-Arizona  suggested in the beginning , maybe the matter would be concluded by now . " In Brussels , Belgium , outgoing U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates blasted NATO as a "  two-tiered " alliance poorly equipped to deal with challenges . In his farewell speech Friday to the NATO Council , he contrasted those members "  willing and able to pay the price and bear the burdens of alliance commitments , and those who enjoy the benefits of NATO membership ... but do n't want to share the risks and the costs . " Gates had harsh words for the conduct of the air campaign against Gadhafi 's regime . He said it had become "  painfully clear " that shortcomings could "  jeopardize the alliance 's ability to conduct an integrated , effective and sustained air-sea campaign . " "  While every alliance member voted for the Libya mission , less than half have participated at all , and fewer than a third have been willing to participate in the strike mission , " he said . Gates concluded with a warning about American willingness to continue bearing a growing part of the NATO burden . "  The blunt reality is that there will be dwindling appetite and patience in the U.S. Congress ... to expend increasingly precious funds on behalf of nations that are apparently unwilling to devote the necessary resources or make the necessary changes to be a serious and capable partners in their own defense , " he said . NATO members must better allocate their resources , follow through on commitments and protect defense budgets from being "  further gutted " to avoid "  a dismal future , " Gates said . His warning came on the same day that Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan told Turkish broadcaster NTV that Turkey had offered Gadhafi some guarantees , including helping him seek another country of residence , if he were to step down . "  Unfortunately , we still have not received a response from him , " he said . On Thursday , global powers charting out the course of a post-Gadhafi Libya met in the United Arab Emirates . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and others urged the international community to sustain pressure on the Libyan regime . An opposition spokesman predicted Gadhafi would fall within days . But Friday 's fighting was evidence that , despite 10,439 sorties carried out by NATO jets and a fierce opposition revolt , Gadhafi was holding strong . In a three-page letter purportedly from Gadhafi to the U.S. Congress that was given to CNN by the office of House Speaker John Boehner , the writer calls for a cease-fire . "  Let 's stop the destruction and begin the negotiations to find a peaceful solution for Libya , " it says . "  I appeal to you , as the great Democracy , to assist us to determine our future as a people . " The letter calls the NATO military effort "  inappropriate and illegal interference in what is essentially a Libyan civil war . " "  If authentic , this incoherent letter only reinforces that Gadhafi must go , " said Boehner spokesman Michael Steel . "  There 's no disagreement about that . That 's why so many Americans have questions -- which the White House refuses to answer -- about the administration committing U.S. resources to an operation that does n't make his removal a goal . " A senior administration official told CNN that the letter "  probably " is genuine but added that Gadhafi "  obviously did n't write it , for it 's not weird enough . " The official said it was not clear what the letter meant . "  It will be hard to take seriously that he wants to talk about transition when he wo n't even take the bare minimum steps of putting a cease-fire into place , " the official said . Meanwhile , NATO officials have said repeatedly that airstrikes are aimed solely at military targets , but a senior NATO military official with operational knowledge of the Libya mission has told CNN that attacking Gadhafi was justified under the United Nations mandate . The resolution applies to the Libyan leader because , as head of the military , he is part of the command-and-control structure and therefore a legitimate target , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity . The official was not authorized to talk to the media . But the NATO official declined to give a direct answer when asked whether Gadhafi was being targeted . NATO spokeswoman Oana Lungescu , however , said the alliance was not specifically targeting Gadhafi . "  We are targeting critical military capabilities that could be used to attack civilians , including command-and-control centers that could be used to plan and organize such attacks , " Lungescu said . CNN Foreign Affairs Correspondent Jill Dougherty contributed to this story .	At a field hospital , doctors did n't take the time to count the dozens of wounded Letter purportedly from Gadhafi appeals to "  the great Democracy " for assistance Sen. Levin "  satisfied that Gadhafi 's military has been severely degraded " Sen. Sessions "  not sure we are acting with decisive abilities "
Just when you thought the heat could n't get any worse , it looks like it will . On Friday afternoon , temperatures topped 100 degrees Fahrenheit from Chicago to Kansas City , Missouri , and Columbus , Ohio , and many places in between . Heat watches , warnings and advisories touched 25 states -- an area spanning roughly one-quarter of the nation and encompassing more than 115 million people , or more than one in three Americans . Around 4 p.m. , the thermometer in St. Louis read 105 degrees , the ninth straight day it has topped the century mark in that Missouri city . That may sound bad , but it 's relatively cool compared with the 110 degrees the National Weather Service is forecasting for Saturday . Triple-digit strategies for staying healthy St. Louis wo n't be alone in going from unbelievably hot to unbearably hot . New York should hit 100 degrees Saturday , as should Lexington , Kentucky . And in Washington , D.C. , the thermometer is expected to reach 103 degrees , and the heat index will make it feel like 113 . "  The record-breaking heat wave currently affecting parts of the central and eastern U.S. will continue into the weekend , " the weather service said dryly . About 350,000 customers across 12 states and the District of Columbia will be suffering in this heat without the benefits of electricity , including power for their air conditioning and for refrigeration to keep their food edible , according to a CNN count from Friday night . Because utilities typically define each residential and business account as a customer , the actual number of people affected was not clear . Many of these people have gone without power for a full week , thanks to strong storms fueled by the heat that barreled east from Indiana to New Jersey . Others have watched more recent but similar storms leave them in the dark . Gadgets to help you survive a power outage The hardest-hit state continues to be West Virginia , where about 167,000 customers had no power Friday night . "  It 's been a very , very serious and critical situation , " said John David , a West Virginia University Institute of Technology professor and volunteer with the South Appalachian Labor School who has been working in Fayette County . "  But people here are used to sacrifice . " Nationwide , more than 4,500 record-high daily temperatures have been set in the past 30 days , according to the National Climatic Data Center . And since June 23 , scores of cities have been the hottest they 've ever been , on any day ever recorded . That includes 107 in Colorado Springs , 109 in Nashville and 106 in Atlanta . In Washington , the thermometer has gone past 95 degrees for nine straight days -- the longest such streak since modern record-keeping began . The high temperatures have been linked to a number of deaths nationwide . That includes five deaths -- of men ages 48 , 58 and 59 and two women ages 81 and 91 -- because of "  heat stress " in Chicago , city public health spokesman Efrat Stein said Friday . Another heat-related death was reported in nearby Cook County , according to Stein . Another three heat-related deaths were reported in Rock County , Wisconsin , according to Chief Deputy Coroner Louis Smit . Heat was ruled an "  exacerbating factor " in two of those cases , and it was a "  major factor " in the death of an 83-year-old woman found dead "  from a cardiac-related condition " in a home that was 95 degrees inside and had "  no cold water or other fluids . " Powerful storms tied to the weather system have left dozens dead . Most recently , two people died and eight were injured when a storm struck Tennessee 's Great Smoky Mountains National Park on Thursday night , park officials said . 2 dead in Great Smoky Mountains Park storm Thankfully , there is some relief on the horizon . A cold front should move across the Upper Midwest and Great Lakes on Saturday , and then into Ohio and the Northeast by the following day , bringing significantly cooler air with it . How is extreme heat affecting you ? Share your videos and photos on CNN iReport .	About 350,000 customers in east , central U.S. did n't have power Friday night Temperatures top 100 in Chicago , Kansas City , Columbus and elsewhere It 'll get hotter in spots Saturday , with 100-plus likely in Washington , New York 6 heat-related deaths are reported in Chicago area and 3 in Rock County , Wisconsin
CNN  -- Toronto 's rush hour Monday turned into anything but -- as a deluge from a summer storm inundated the city , swamping commuters whether they traveled by rail or by road . Passengers on a double-decker Go Transit train found themselves dead in the water when a flash flood submerged the line , leaving them ankle-deep in the murky mess and in need of rescue . "  These trains are capable of carrying quite a large number of passengers , " said transit spokesman Mark Ostler . Evacuations lasted into the early hours of Tuesday as passengers shimmied out train windows and into rescue boats . "  S  tranded passengers on board ... were safely removed and taken to a place of safety , " police said . The heavy rain quickly overwhelmed Toronto 's storm sewers , sending the Don River out of its banks . Almost 5 inches of rain fell at Pearson International Airport , breaking a record set in 1954 , according to Environment Canada . Nearly 4 inches fell in the heart of the city . The Don Valley Parkway looked more like a parking lot than Toronto 's main north-south artery as drivers abandoned their vehicles while the waters lapped at their headlights , CNN affiliate CTV reported . The thoroughfare was closed in both directions overnight . A pricy Ferrari was one of the casualties , left by its owner to soak in the bumper-high pool of an underpass . The storms also caused power outages and flooding across the city . Toronto flooding was like ` end of the world ' At the storm 's height , Toronto Hydro reported some 300,000 residents were without power across the greater Toronto Area , according to CTV . "  My power outage lasted for about five hours , but luckily , my neighborhood did n't have any flooding issues , " said Angie Filipowich in neighboring Mississauga . "  So much rain in so little time . I do n't ever remember seeing all this flooding here ... ever . " Are you there ? Share photos , video , but stay safe Police advised residents to stay put overnight , reminding them that if they do travel to avoid standing water , downed power lines and to watch for rising rivers , streams and lakes . Brakes disabled before train exploded in Quebec town , railway chief says CNN 's Cristy Lenz and Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	NEW : "  So much rain in so little time , " a resident says Record rains flood Toronto Passengers are evacuated from a partially submerged commuter train Drivers abandon their vehicles
Washington  CNN  -- Col. Denise Lind , the Army judge who found Pfc. Bradley Manning guilty on 20 of 22 counts in the largest classified leak case in U.S. history explained her thinking , calling Manning 's conduct "  wrongful . " When Lind handed down her verdicts in July , Manning 's lawyers asked her to issue her "  special findings " for the guilty counts . That document was released Friday at Fort Meade , Maryland , where the sentencing phase of the trial continues . One of the questions that both sides debated at length during the court-martial was whether by leaking material to WikiLeaks , Manning also was providing it to the enemy . She ruled Manning had "  knowledge that intelligence published on the Internet was accessible to al Qaeda . " The judge went on to say that "  Manning 's conduct was of a heedless nature that made it actually and imminently dangerous to others . His conduct was both wanton and reckless . " Bradley Manning 's father says son was ` grandstanding ' Lind said that Manning had "  reason to believe the information could be used to the injury of the United States or to the advantage of any foreign nation . " Manning told the court Wednesday , in an unsworn statement , "  I am sorry . I am sorry that my actions hurt people . I am sorry that it hurt the United States . " He went on to say , "  Unfortunately , I ca n't go back and change things . I can only go forward . I want to go forward . Before I can do that , though , I understand that I must pay a price for my decisions and actions . " Manning faces up to 90 years , minus time served . Fast Facts : WikiLeaks and Manning	Judge said Manning knew possible consequences to U.S. Army private to be sentenced Manning says he recognizes he has to pay a price for his actions
CNN  -- Aaron Alexis , the troubled civilian contractor and Navy veteran who killed a dozen fellow workers this week at the Washington Navy Yard , is far from the only veteran or active-duty serviceman to plan or carry out mayhem directed at U.S. military targets during the past decade . It 's a deadly combination : men who have military backgrounds -- together with personal grievances , political agendas or mental problems -- and who also have easy access to weapons and are trained to use them . As a result of Alexis ' deadly rampage , U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel on Wednesday announced a review of access procedures at all U.S. military facilities and also the procedures for granting security clearances to Department of Defense employees , including civilian contractors such as Alexis . Until Alexis ' attack Monday , Maj. Nidal Hasan , a Palestinian-American , was the most well-known case illustrating the "  insider threat " at U.S. military facilities . On November 5 , 2009 , Hasan , an Army psychiatrist , opened fire on soldiers at Fort Hood in Killeen , Texas , killing 13 and wounding many others . Hasan had been communicating via e-mail with the militant Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki about the permissibility of killing fellow soldiers . He had specifically cited the case of Sgt. Hasan Akbar , who while he was deployed to Kuwait in 2003 , threw grenades at fellow soldiers , killing two officers and wounding more than a dozen others . Akbar had complained to his father about religious and racial harassment before the attack and had been diagnosed with some kind of mental illness when he was a teenager . Akbar was convicted and sentenced to death . The sentence is under appeal . More than a year after Hasan 's massacre of his fellow soldiers , Army Pvt. Naser Jason Abdo also plotted to kill servicemen at Fort Hood . Abdo had applied for a conscientious objector status discharge because of his Muslim faith and cited Hasan 's 2009 attack as an influence on his own murderous plot . Abdo 's plot was foiled in July 2011 after an employee at a local gun store tipped off authorities that Abdo was behaving suspiciously . After the Fort Hood attack and a number of reviews examining the lessons learned from it , then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates issued a directive in 2010 ordering the implementation of 47 recommendations to improve "  force protection " at military bases in the United States . These recommendations included giving military personnel better guidance on the behavioral indicators of potentially violent servicemen , establishing a consolidated criminal investigation and law enforcement database for the Department of Defense , and re-evaluating background check policies . All of these policies might have flagged Alexis as someone to watch given his long history of run-ins with law enforcement and obvious mental health issues . However , the recommendations by Gates coming out of the Fort Hood shooting specifically did not address policies governing contractors such as Alexis . This was a missed opportunity because civilian contractors now number around 900,000 at the Defense Department . That 's almost double the number of active-duty personnel in the entire Army . In addition to Monday 's attack at the Navy yard , 2013 has seen other deadly incidents involving insiders at U.S. military facilities . In March , Eusebio Lopez , a Marine sergeant , shot and killed two other Marines at the Marine base in Quantico , Virginia , and then committed suicide . The shootings may have been the result of a romantic dispute , according to a senior Pentagon official who spoke on background to The Washington Post . In July , Tech . Sgt. Matthew Hullman , who worked at the Grand Forks Air Force Base in North Dakota , confronted security personnel while holding a handgun and was killed . The incident is still under investigation . There may not be any one answer to the problem of preventing "  insider " attacks targeting the military . But there 's hope that the review of base access procedures and security clearances just now ordered by Hagel will reduce the number of such violent incidents at U.S. military facilities in the future .	Peter Bergen : The Washington Navy Yard shootings not an isolated case There has been a string of cases of veterans and service people attacking military targets Bergen says it 's good that Defense Department is reviewing flaws in security Bergen : One issue that slipped through the cracks was status of contractors
CNN  -- A humanitarian plane carrying 17 people -- most of them relief workers -- has crashed during a storm in a mountainous region in the Democratic Republic of Congo , the United Nations said Tuesday . File image of a Beechcraft 1900 aircraft . Search and rescue crews were not immediately able to land their helicopter in the area and determine whether anyone survived the crash in the east of the country , said Christope Illemassene , spokesman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  in the capital city of Kinshasa . But Air Serv International , the relief group that operated the plane , said an aerial survey has indicated that all the occupants on the Beechcraft 1900 plane died . The plane was on a routine flight from Kinsasha to the eastern city of Goma on Monday , with three stops , Illemassene said . Air-traffic controllers lost contact with the plane when it approached Bukavu , the last of its three intermediate stops . The weather in the area was stormy at the time , Illemassene said . Search and rescue crews spotted the plane 's debris Tuesday , about 9.4 miles  15 km  northwest of the Bukavu airport , Illemassene said . "  We 're anxiously waiting for results from the search and rescue operation , " he said . "  We 're really hoping the peacekeepers are able to land near the site and confirm whether there are any survivors . " Air Serv International , based in the U.S. state of Virginia , is one of several groups that provides transport services to relief organizations in the Democratic Republic of Congo .	Flight operators : Aerial survey indicates occupants on aircraft died Search and rescue crews not able to land their helicopter in the area , U.N. says Plane was on a routine flight from Kinsasha to the eastern city of Goma
EW.com  -- In the late 1950s , a young singer called Ernest Evans began going by the name of Chubby Checker , a handle bestowed in part by Dick Clark 's wife  seriously !  . Because it was a less vulgar time , nobody thought to warn young Chubby that his new moniker was just begging to be used as a lame double entendre  example : "  Chubby Checker ? I barely know ` er ! "  . But 60-odd years later , times have most definitely changed . Celebrities show off their female breast nipples all willy-nilly , despite strict orders from the suits at CBS . Nobody really gives a fâ $ " when somebody drops an f-bomb on national TV during the year 's most-watched program . And not too long ago , some jokester thought it 'd be funny to make an app called "  The Chubby Checker , " which promises to predict the size of a man 's Sammy Davis Jr. based on what size shoe he wears . EW : J.Lo saves Adele from huskster Naturally , Checker was n't pleased when he found out about the app 's existence â $ " and now he 's filing a $ 500,000,000 trademark infringement lawsuit against Hewlett Packard due to the "  irreparable damage and harm " caused by this goofy little novelty . EW : ` Jeopardy ' goes all out with ` Call Me Maybe ' clues The twist : The app was removed from all Palm and HP-hosted web sites in September 2012 , and the operating system that runs it was discontinued even before then in August 2011 . So Checker is asking for half a billion dollars on account of something that cost $ .99 , was downloaded a grand total of 84 times , and would have faded away quietly and completely if not for this headline-grabbing lawsuit . Bad move , Chubs ; you 'll never get kinged if this is the way you play . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The "  Chubby Checker " app has run afoul of the singer It claims to predict the size of a certain body part The app was removed years ago
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A London department store has started selling coffee for $ 100 a shot . Civet cats : The coffee beans are collected from the animal 's faeces . If the price sounds unappealing , shoppers also have to overcome the unusual method of cultivation , which sees the coffee beans harvested from the feces of an Indonesian jungle cat . Even so , the Peter Jones store says the luxury blend -- called Caffé Raro -- is one of the world 's rarest and most premium coffees . Made by the Italian company De Longhi , Caffé Raro combines Jamaican Blue Mountain and Kupi Luwak , two extremely rare coffees . The beans of Kupi Luwak are harvested after being ingested by civet cats , and only about 260 kilos  about 573 pounds  of the coffee is produced each year . "  The cats select the best beans to chew . It 's rather like a natural filtering process , " said Carie Barkhuzen , a spokeswoman for the upmarket store in London 's upmarket Sloane Square . The coffee , which went on sale Thursday , is available at $ 100 for a shot at the Peter Jones Espresso Bar , or shoppers can buy 100g  3.5-ounce  packs of the coffee beans to take away for the same price . Watch some willing to try the coffee , others not " "  It 's not exactly flying off the shelves -- it 's very expensive , after all -- but customers are buying it , " Barkhuzen said . The proceeds from the coffee sales will go to charity . E-mail to a friend	Peter Jones department store in London selling coffee shots for $ 100 each Blend is a combination of Jamaican Blue Mountain and Kupi Luwak Kupi Luwak coffee beans are harvested from the dung of Indonesian jungle cat
CNN  -- Brava for having a sense of humor , Taylor Swift . The singer has released the video for her new song "  Blank Space , " in which she plays a crazy version of herself taking revenge on a boyfriend . The single is a clever take on Swift 's reputation for working out her relationships with exes via song lyrics . She sings : "  Got a long list of ex-lovers They 'll tell you I 'm insane But I 've got a blank space , baby And I 'll write your name " The video shows the star and her handsome beau falling in love . There are romantic dates as the pair romp within and around a palatial mansion . But then things go horribly wrong , and Swift begins destroying everything from his clothes to his sports car . And fans get to not only enjoy a different type of Swift , they can take the experience one step further with an app . The "  Blank Space " app allows viewers to follow along with the music video , placing them in the room with Swift and her co-star for an interactive experience -- with some fun extras . According to Forbes , the app includes "  other characters who do n't actually appear in the official video . " "  The butler , the artist and the gardener all have their own storylines  small as they may be  , and you can choose to walk around with them while listening to ` Blank Space , ' " Forbes reported . "  On top of that -- and perhaps more importantly -- are the Swift-related objects scattered throughout the set , just waiting to be found . " Acclaimed music video director Joseph Kahn helmed "  Blank Space " and told Rolling Stone it was meant to offer a "  deconstructivist version of Taylor Swift . " "  She knows that there 's this meme that if you date Taylor Swift , you 're going to end up getting a song written about you , " Kahn said . "  She wanted to address that . "	Swift plays an unhinged version of herself in her latest video There 's an accompanying "  Blank Space " app available for download The director says she wanted to address criticism about her relationships
CNN  -- An argument before the Supreme Court on October 1 in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum will have enormous significance . The case concerns the torture of Ogoni leaders in Nigeria , but at stake is the future of the law under which this case was brought , the Alien Tort Statute . The United States stands at a crossroads . At its best , our nation has played a crucial role in championing human rights throughout the world and pioneering human rights law . At its worst , it has abandoned its lofty ideals in the name of realpolitik and supported dictators and policies that were responsible for horrible abuses . Passed in 1789 , the Alien Tort Statute was a prescient piece of legislation . It allows foreign victims of human rights abuses in foreign nations to seek civil remedies in U.S. courts , and its animating idea -- that people anywhere should have recourse for violations of the "  law of nations " -- was the foundation of our modern understanding of human rights . In the 1990s , Royal Dutch Petroleum  Shell  had extensive oil drilling operations in the Niger Delta in Nigeria , a region long plagued with poverty , human rights violations and environmental disaster . A popular movement of the Ogoni people resisting what they saw as reckless oil development in the region was violently suppressed by Nigeria 's military dictatorship . In the suit , the plaintiffs accuse Royal Dutch Shell of helping the former dictatorship in the arrests on false charges and torture of 12 members of the Ogoni tribe , who sought to peacefully disrupt Shell 's operations because of the devastating health and environmental effects of unregulated drilling . All the plaintiffs were themselves tortured except Esther Kiobel , who brought her claims on behalf of her late husband , Barinem Kiobel . Kiobel was executed through a sham trial process in which the plaintiffs believe Shell played a central role . The Supreme Court court accepted Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum last fall after a federal appeals court ruled that the statute could not be used to sue corporations . The justices indicated in February that they might question not just the application of the statute to corporations but whether and under what circumstances it applies to any human rights violations , even by individuals , that take place outside the United States . They ordered the case to be re-argued on exactly that question . The case has been brought in the United States because of our nation 's historical role in promoting the idea of universal rights and in the development of international human rights law . From Franklin D. Roosevelt 's Four Freedoms speech and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that Eleanor Roosevelt tirelessly worked for , to the stirring oratory of Robert Jackson at the Nuremberg Tribunal , mid-century Americans gave voice and visibility to the idea that all people , everywhere , were entitled to certain fundamental rights . Since 1977 , the State Department has annually produced Country Reports on Human Rights Practices . The international leadership of the past century is a long way from where we find ourselves now . Our own era is defined by a different legacy : one of waterboarding and "  torture memos , " extraordinary renditions , indefinite detention at Guantánamo Bay and targeted killings in countries with which we are not at war . "  The United States is abandoning its role as the global champion of human rights , " Jimmy Carter wrote bluntly in The New York Times in June . Shell Oil must aid Nigeria workers who were tortured , abused On this grim and morally and legally compromised horizon , the Alien Tort Statute is still one bright spot for human rights advocacy . In a groundbreaking case in 1980 , the family of a 17-year-old Paraguayan , Joelito Filártiga , who had been tortured and killed by a henchman of Gen. Alfredo Stroessner , brought and won a civil case against his murderer , Americo Peña-Irala . The young man had been tortured to death because his father opposed the government . The ruling established that the statute could be used to hold modern torturers accountable for their actions , wherever they are committed . In the wake of the case , Filártiga v. Peña-Irala , the Alien Tort Statute developed into a new tool in human rights law . Successful cases were brought against government officials , against non-state actors like Radovan Karadžić in Bosnia-Herzegovina and against multinational corporations before the Second Circuit ruling in Kiobel that disallowed that . It is this legacy that is at stake in the Kiobel case before the Supreme Court . The immediate questions before the court on October 1 concern the reach of the Alien Tort Statute and whether it will continue to be possible for people like the Filártigas and the Kiobels to pursue their tormentors and hold them accountable for their heinous acts , and whether corporations can be held to account . But the larger question is : Does the U.S. want to be a leader or a laggard in upholding international human rights ? If the statute is narrowed and its promise of universal accountability curtailed , it will rightly be perceived as yet another step by the U.S. away from its once leading advocacy for human rights . If , on the other hand , the Supreme Court upholds the Alien Tort Statute , it will signal to the world that we do still believe that people everywhere are entitled to certain fundamental rights and that we will help enforce those rights . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Vincent Warren .	Vince Warren : At its best , U.S. has been key in championing universal human rights Warren : A longstanding law lets foreign victims of human rights abuse find justice in U.S. courts Supreme Court to rule in international human rights case whether law will stand , he says Warren : If court upholds the law , the world will see U.S. still supports human rights for all
CNN  -- Traces of narcotics and hypodermic needles found with the bodies of two American security officers on the container ship Maersk Alabama suggested the deaths resulted from drug overdoses , a Seychelles government official has told CNN . Seychelles police identified the bodies found Tuesday as Jeffrey Reynolds and Mark Kennedy , both 44 . They worked for Trident Group , a Virginia-based maritime security services firm . Trident Group President Tom Rothrauff said both were former Navy SEALs . "  It 's bizarre . Of course , it 's a shock . They 're all great guys , " Rothrauff said . "  I 'm absolutely clueless as to what happened . " Police said an autopsy would be carried out early next week . But the Seychelles government official , who spoke on condition of not being identified , said Thursday that the presence of drug traces and paraphernalia "  would suggest that their deaths were a result of drug overdose . " A Seychelles police statement said that despite media accounts of traces of drugs , authorities have not released any reports suggesting the deaths were the result of an overdose . The statement , however , did not deny that drugs were found or suggest an alternative cause of death . The 500-foot Maersk Alabama was the target of an attempted hijacking in the pirate-infested waters off East Africa in 2009 -- an incident that inspired the 2013 film "  Captain Phillips . " The shipping giant Maersk , which hired the Trident Group to guard its ships , said Thursday that Trident would be conducting random drug tests of its employees . "  Based on our experience with the contractor , this is an isolated incident , " Maersk said . But it said new drug tests would start immediately and the company 's shore-leave policy was under review . The Maersk Alabama has since left the Seychelles capital of Port Victoria , the company said Thursday . Police said the ship arrived Sunday in the Seychelles , an archipelago in the Indian Ocean , with a 24-man crew and had been expected to leave Tuesday . The bodies were found by a colleague who had gone to check in on one of the men in a cabin at about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday , Seychelles police said . Lt. Cmdr. Jamie Frederick , a U.S. Coast Guard spokesman , said the service was investigating the deaths , as required by American law . But he said the deaths "  do not appear to be criminal in nature , related to vessel operations , the material condition of the ship or their duties as security personnel . " In April 2009 , four armed pirates attempted to hijack the Maersk Alabama 380 miles off Somalia . After the crew sank the pirates ' vessel and foiled their efforts to take control of the container ship , the pirates took the ship 's captain , Richard Phillips , hostage on a lifeboat . The incident ended three days later when Navy sharpshooters killed three of the pirates and captured the fourth . Phillips was unharmed . Pirates attacked the ship again later that year , but armed security personnel fought them off . In March 2011 , another attempt by pirates to board the ship was thwarted when security personnel fired warning shots . 2010 : Hero skipper ignored pirate warnings , crew says 2009 : Crewman 's e-mail gives harrowing details of hijacking	Maersk , security contractor launch drug testing plan after deaths Needles , traces of narcotics found with dead contractors , Seychelles official says Two American security contractors were former Navy SEALs , executive says A colleague found the bodies in a ship cabin , police say
CNN  -- The remarkable recovery of an abducted 8-year-old girl in Fresno , California -- which combined solid police work with the efforts of good Samaritans -- turned bittersweet Tuesday when authorities said the victim had been sexually assaulted . Still , the fact that the girl was back home after the harrowing ordeal brought thanks from her parents during a news conference Tuesday afternoon . Speaking through an interpreter , the girl 's father said he was "  very happy that his daughter is home . " Police praised citizens , the media and good Samaritans as "  heroes " on Tuesday , saying their efforts led to recovery and the arrest of the man , a suspected gang member , accused of taking her . "  It is truly a miracle of God that she is with us today , " Police Chief Jerry Dyer said . The girl was recovered Tuesday , hours after authorities said she was forced into a pickup truck at a Fresno apartment complex by a man who had approached a group of children playing . She was taken to a hospital for an examination , Dyer told reporters , initially saying the girl was "  frightened " and "  traumatized " but in good condition . Police indicated later she was the victim of sexual assault in a wooded area , perhaps out of town , before the motorist drove back to Fresno . CNN does not identify possible victims of sexual assaults . Watching the girl and her mother reunite , Dyer said , was "  the highlight of my career . " Police identified the suspect as Gregorio Gonzalez , 24 , of Fresno . Charges against him will include kidnapping , false imprisonment and sexual assault . Gonzalez , who lives with his grandparents , is a member of the Bulldog gang , has been arrested for possession of a sawed-off shotgun and was on probation for felony domestic violence , Dyer said . About 7 a.m.  10 a.m. ET  , a person described by Dyer as a good Samaritan told police he was driving when he saw a truck similar to a description of the suspect 's vehicle given by authorities . The person , who had watched the news and was familiar with the case , began to follow the truck , Dyer said . The driver initially said he only saw a man in the truck and no one else , but within a few minutes saw a child stick her head up . "  He realized right then and there he had the suspect vehicle , " Dyer said . The man pulled in front of the truck and cut it off , and the young girl "  took the moment of opportunity , opened up the passenger door , and jumped out and ran , " he said . A second good Samaritan stayed with the girl , Dyer said . The driver pursued the pickup truck and was able to obtain a partial license plate number , which he gave to dispatchers , the chief said . CNN affiliate KFSN later spoke with Victor Perez , who said he was the motorist who followed the suspect 's truck . "  I thank God that he put me here to help out that little girl . " About 40 minutes later , the California Highway Patrol received a report of a truck matching the vehicle description parked behind a church , Dyer said . Responding officers were not able to find the truck at the location and contacted the tipster , who advised them it had been driven away . It was later found parked nearby , behind an apartment complex . The officer initially thought the truck was not occupied , but a man raised up as the officer exited his car , Dyer said . The unarmed man was taken into custody without incident , he said . A witness has identified the man as the person at the abduction scene , the chief said . "  We beat the odds today , " Dyer said , adding that often abduction victims are n't found until it is too late . Of those killed in an abduction , 74 percent are killed in the first three hours , he said . "  I want to say thank you to the citizens of Fresno and the good Samaritans , " he said . "  They are heroes . " He also thanked the media for their assistance . Authorities were notified of the incident about 8:30 p.m. Monday , Dyer had said earlier . A man reportedly drove up to an apartment complex where a group of children were playing , approached two girls and attempted to lure them into his truck . A younger girl , 6 , walked away , Dyer said , but the victim began walking with the man . Two witnesses nearby , a man and a woman , saw what was going on and yelled at the children to get away from the vehicle and the man , Dyer said . But before the girl had time to react , he said , the man grabbed the girl , pushed her into the driver 's side of the pickup and sped off with the truck 's headlights off . The girl 's mother got into a car and tried to chase the truck down , but was unsuccessful , Dyer said . Police had received a report shortly before the incident of a man with a similar description and vehicle exposing himself to young girls nearby , the chief said . The man got into a pickup and drove away with his lights out , Dyer said . The mother of one girl chased him on foot but did not catch him . The vehicle was described as being a late 1970s or early 1980s model Ford or Chevy pickup , either dark brown or reddish-brown in color , Dyer said earlier . The two-door pickup reportedly had a 6-inch-wide white stripe on the side , and was spotted on policing cameras from the area , he said . The police chief said the man attempted to entice the girls into the truck by promising them something , but would not say what . CNN affiliate KFSN reported the man spoke in Spanish and told the children that he would take them to the Dollar Store and buy them toys if they got into the truck . A man who was detained earlier Tuesday after a witness tip was questioned and released ; authorities believed he was not involved . "  This is truly the first stranger abduction kidnapping that I believe has occurred at least since I have been the chief , " Dyer said . Such incidents are "  very rare in law enforcement today , fortunately . " Mayor Ashley Swearengin summarized the city 's reaction . "  This is a remarkable accomplishment for an entire community , " she said . "  This is a relatively happy ending to an otherwise tragic tale . " CNN 's Scott Thompson , Melanie Whitley and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities say girl , who was recovered Tuesday , had been sexually assaulted NEW : Girl 's father "  is very happy that his daughter is home " NEW : Police identify suspect as as Gregorio Gonzalez , 24 , of Fresno Police chief says citizens and "  good Samaritans " are "  heroes "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lily Dionne had been in Hollywood a week when she answered an ad on Craigslist looking for actors for an action-adventure film called "  Desert Warrior . " Now , Dionne says she feels betrayed by the California filmmaker who turned the low budget-movie with a threadbare plot into an anti-Islam film that provoked outrage -- with sometimes violent results -- in parts of the Muslim world . When news broke that violent mobs attacked the U.S. consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi , leaving Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans dead , she was overwhelmed . "  I was shaking when I found out . I had no idea , " Dionne told CNN on Sunday . "  This was a movie that I thought no one would ever see . " Dionne knew the filmmaker as Sam Bacile . But federal officials say his name is Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , a convicted felon with a history of using aliases to hide his actions . Anti-Islam filmmaker meets with probation officer They consider Nakoula to be the filmmaker behind "  Innocence of Muslims , " an amateurish film that portrays the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , buffoon , ruthless killer and child molester . Islam categorically forbids any depictions of Mohammed , and blasphemy is an incendiary taboo in the Muslim world . The movie , backed by hardcore anti-Islam groups in the United States , is a low-budget project that was ignored in the United States when trailers were posted on YouTube in July . But after Egyptian television aired certain segments , violent protests erupted in Egypt , Yemen , Tunisia , Morocco , Sudan , Iran , Iraq , Israel and the Palestinian territories . Crew was "  grossly misled " Dionne was one of about 79 cast and crew who say they were "  grossly misled " when they answered casting calls on Craigslist , Backstage magazine and other publications in July 2011 for a film that was described as "  an historical Arabian Desert adventure . " But from the beginning , Dionne said the cast and crew had questions , including why the central character in a period piece had a Western name . "  We did wonder what it was about . They kept saying George . And we were like , ` This is the Middle East 2,000 years ago . Who 's George ? ' " she said . She says never heard any talk of politics or religion from the man she knew as Bacile . After the location shoot wrapped , Dionne said she and others were brought in to dub lines . "  They brought the actors in in post  production  and had them say specific words . Like ` Mohammed , ' for example . It was isolated . It was n't in context , " she said . "  They 'd say ` Say Mohammed , ' and they 'd  the actors would  say ` Say Mohammed ' why ? " When the film was complete , it was no longer a desert adventure about a man named George but rather an anti-Islamic movie about Prophet Mohammed . Opinion : Do n't blame the video ; defend free speech "  He knew what he was doing . He was playing us all along , " Dionne said . Another actress , Cindy Garcia , said last week she spoke with the producer after the unrest began . "  He said he wrote the script because he wants the Muslims to quit killing , " Garcia said . "  I had no idea he was doing all this . " The 79 cast and crew members released a statement saying they were " extremely upset and feel taken advantage of by the producer . " They said they were "  shocked by the drastic rewrites of the script and lies that were told to all involved . We are deeply saddened by the tragedies that have occurred . " When news of his movie first broke , the filmmaker , identifiying himself as Bacile , told the Wall Street Journal that he was a 52-year-old Israeli-American real estate developer from California . He said Jewish donors contributed $ 5 million to finance his film . But Israel 's foreign ministry said there was no record of a Sam Bacile with Israeli citizenship . "  This guy is totally anonymous . At this point , no one can confirm he holds Israeli citizenship . And even if he did , we are not involved , " ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said . A search by CNN of public records related to Bacile came up empty . A search of entertainment records turned up no previous mention of a Sam Bacile , and the directors and writers guilds had no listing for him . In the Journal interview , the filmmaker characterized his movie as "  a political effort to call attention to the hypocrises of Islam . " "  Islam is a cancer , " he said . "  The movie is a political movie . It 's not a religious movie . " Opinion : The reality of Islamaphobia CNN has not been able to speak with the filmmaker . A production staff member who worked on the film in its initial stages told CNN that an entirely different name was filed on the paperwork for the Screen Actors Guild : Abenob Nakoula Bassely . He believed the filmmaker was a Coptic Christian and when the two spoke on the phone during production , the filmmaker said he was in Alexandria , Egypt , raising money for the film . In Egypt , tension has emerged in recent decades between Muslims and the minority Copts . Another staffer who worked on the film said he also knew the producer as Sam Bassil . That 's how he signed a personal check to pay staff . He was married with two children . The daughter helped during production and even brought in lunch on a few occasions , the staffer said . Neither staffer wanted to be identified for security reasons . Opinion : Video does not represent Coptic community Nakoula 's criminal record In the days that have followed , federal officials have confirmed that the man calling himself Bacile is , in fact , Nakoula , a man with a criminal record and history of using aliases . Nakoula was convicted of bank fraud in 2010 and served one year in federal prison at Lompoc , California , before being released on supervised probation for five years . According to court records , Nakoula used at least 17 false names . Over the weekend , Nakoula was questioned by federal probation authorities who are conducting a review of his case to determine if he violated any of the conditions of his parole . Karen Redmond , a spokeswoman for the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts , did n't provide details of why or when the probation review was initiated , or how long the process would take . While on probation , Nakoula ca n't access computers or any device that can access the Internet without approval from his probation officer . The terms of his parole also says he can not "  use , for any purpose or for any manner , any name other than his/her true legal name or names without prior written approval of the Probation Officer . " Anti-Muslim activist Steve Klein , who said he was a script consultant for the movie , said the filmmaker told him his idea was to make a film that would reveal "  facts , evidence and proof " about the Prophet Mohammed to people he perceived as radical Muslims . "  Our intent was to reach out to the small minority of very dangerous people in California and try to shock them into understanding how dangerous Islam is , " Klein said . "  We knew that it was going to cause some friction , if anybody paid attention to it , " he said . But when Klein went to the film 's screening in a Los Angeles theater , no one was there . "  It was a bust , a wash , " he said . But a while later , the trailers were online . They were segments focusing on the Prophet Mohammed and posted under the title , "  Innocence of Mohammed . " The trailers were translated into Arabic , and Egyptian television aired certain segments . The fury erupted . Since then , Nakoula has been out of public view and ensconced with his family in their home in Cerritos , California , where journalists have been gathered seeking information about his elusive background . Are you witnessing the attacks ? Share your images but stay safe . CNN 's Amanda Watts and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Lily Dionne says she was duped by the anti-Islam filmmaker She knows the filmmaker as Sam Bacile "  I was shaking when I found out . I had no idea , " she said
CNN  -- The luck of the Irish may not be enough to push ahead special legislation introduced by Sen. Scott Brown , R-Massachusetts , to grant 10,500 special work visas for Irish immigrants . Brown proposed the legislation in the midst of a neck-and-neck re-election battle in Massachusetts , which has the highest percentage of Americans of Irish descent . Brown is serving out the term of the late Sen. Ted Kennedy , who was extremely popular with Irish-Americans because of his work on the Irish peace process . Brown has predicted that his legislation would "  pop " soon , in plenty of time for St. Patrick 's Day marches that are magnets for Northeast politicians . "  The Irish economy crashed in 2008 . People have come and overstayed visas . The Irish-American vote here is substantial , " said Hugh Meehan , an Irish-American businessman in Boston . "  This would be welcome relief and a recognition of the strong ties between Massachusetts and Ireland . " But Numbers USA , a conservative organization that supports reducing immigration , is lobbying hard against the bill , questioning why the United States would bring in skilled foreign workers to compete with U.S. citizens in the midst of a recession . Roy Beck of Numbers USA called Brown 's bill an election-year ploy to gain favoritism for one ethnic group . "  What about Mexicans ? What about Asians and Africans ? " he said . "  There is no reason why we should give this privilege . " The unemployment rate in Massachusetts , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , is 6.9 % . The unemployment rate in Ireland is 14.2 % . The renewable visas Brown 's legislation seeks would expire every two years . The bill is also opposed by the Federation for American Immigration Reform , an organization that typically sides with Republicans on immigration issues . It derided Brown 's proposal as a throwback to the days when immigration was based on national origin . In addition , America 's Voice , which calls itself non-partisan organization , said that while it supports reform of immigration laws it has called into question the motivations behind giving a special visa status to Irish nationals . On illegal immigration issues , which largely affect immigrants from Central and South America , Brown has been in line with his party . He has spoken against creating magnets for illegal immigration and has opposed the DREAM Act , which would grant permanent residency to college graduates who entered the United States illegally as children . But , in an e-mail statement to CNN , Brown 's office said his E3 visa legislation was different . "  For decades , the Irish have been unfairly shut out by our immigration laws . In an effort to increase visa prospects and maintain the close bond between the United States and Ireland , Sen. Brown is working in a bipartisan way to add the Irish E3 program to larger , House-passed visa legislation that benefits several other countries . " In a recent editorial , the Boston Globe said Irish immigrants have already been given ample favoritism . "  Brown argues that Ireland deserves special visas because changes in U.S. immigration policy have disproportionately limited the numbers of Irish workers for decades . But Ireland has often benefited from temporary exemptions . In 1986 , Rep. Brian J. Donnelly , a Massachusetts Democrat , pushed for a visa lottery that awarded 4,161 visas to Irish applicants out of the first 10,000 . In the 1990s , Rep. Bruce Morrison , a Connecticut Democrat , created a program that gave out 120,000 green cards -- 48,000 reserved for Irish applicants , whose undocumented immigrants had been left out of an earlier amnesty program . " Brown 's Democratic opponent , Elizabeth Warren , said the visa system is badly broken . "  We need to reform the visa system for talented Irish men and women coming to this country , and more generally we need to reform the visa system as a whole , " she said . Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , introduced legislation in the House in November that would eliminate per-country caps for employment-based immigration applications from countries with large backlogs like China and India . It would also grant visa waivers to undocumented Irish immigrants , a move widely unpopular with Republicans . Brown 's standalone Senate bill on E3 visas for the Irish , S. 2005 , followed in December with no provision for undocumented immigrants . Brown 's bill was added to Schumer 's broader proposal , which eliminated the provision for undocumented immigrants . But Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , placed a hold on this bill when it came over to the Senate . Beth Levine , communications director for Grassley , said he has now extended an offer to move the Brown bill forward . "  An up or down vote on Sen. Brown 's Irish visa bill would be acceptable to Sen. Grassley with some modifications dealing with the skill level of those receiving an E3 visa , the current visa program the visas would be allotted from , and the inclusion of a sunset on the program , " Levine wrote in an e-mail . "  Sen. Grassley 's staff is still discussing modifications with the sponsors of the bill . "	Sen. Scott Brown backs bill for 10,500 special work visas for the Irish Brown represents Massachusetts , home to many Americans of Irish descent Brown 's bill has been blocked by a fellow Republican who wants the bill changed
CNN  -- The owners of a cruise ship that ran aground in Marguerite Bay , Antarctica , are hoping high tide will dislodge the ship Wednesday , a company statement said . The Ocean Nova , seen on a previous voyage , has a total of 106 people on board . Connecticut-based Quark Expeditions said the M/V Ocean Nova became stranded Tuesday in the bay not far from an Argentine research base . Marguerite Bay is about 900 miles south of the tip of South America . The ship is carrying 65 passengers and 41 crew members , Quark Expeditions said . All those aboard the vessel "  remain safe and calm , " the company statement said . The ship 's captain is awaiting high tide to make another attempt to move the vessel . "  The midnight operation will occur in daylight , as the ship is below the Antarctic Circle , where the sun never sets during February . We anticipate a positive outcome , " Quark Expeditions president Patrick Shaw said . The captain is also waiting for divers from the Spanish naval ship the Hespérides to inspect the hull of the Nova to make sure it 's not damaged , the statement said .	All 65 passengers and 41 crew are safe , company reports MV Ocean Nova stranded in Marguerite Bay , about 900 miles from South America
CNN  -- Charlie Sheen 's FX comedy "  Anger Management " has lost a leading lady . CNN has confirmed that actress Selma Blair has parted ways with the series , which stars Sheen as a therapist named Charlie with complicated problems of his own . Blair portrayed Kate , his fellow therapist and "  best friend with benefits . " Recent reports have hinted at tension between Blair and Sheen , with TMZ suggesting that Sheen wanted the actress off the show because of alleged negative comments about his work ethic . On Tuesday , studio Lionsgate only acknowledged Blair 's departure . "  We are confirming that Selma Blair will not be returning to ` Anger Management ' and we wish her the very best , " a statement said . On Twitter , Blair has assured fans that she 's doing fine . "  Life is good , " she tweeted Tuesday ahead of Lionsgate 's statement , following it up the next morning with a note of gratitude to her fans . "  I thank you for support and love . " CNN 's Tresha Lindo contributed to this report .	Selma Blair has parted ways with "  Anger Management " Lionsgate confirmed Blair 's exit on Tuesday , wishing her the best The actress tweeted that "  life is good " amid speculation
CNN  -- Jenson Button may have hit out at Lewis Hamilton after Sunday 's German Grand Prix , but he admitted to overreacting following the former teammates ' collision at Hockenheim . Hamilton started the race 20th on the grid , having crashed out in qualifying with a brake problem , but fought his way back to claim a third-place finish , behind winner and fellow Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg and runner-up Valtteri Bottas . Hamilton 's drive , though , was halted after he damaged his front wing when attempting to pass Button 's McLaren on lap 30 . The collision left Button -- who finished eighth -- frustrated , with the Briton pointing out that Hamilton also caught Williams ' Valtteri Bottas in the closing stages of the race . "  I do n't think I 'm the only person he drove into . It 's strange when the car is much quicker ; you would n't think he 'd get into such fights , " Button told reporters afterwards . However , after having time to review the race later that night , Button was keen to stress that his criticism in the heat of the moment had been unfair on his former McLaren teammate . Hamilton himself had earlier offered an apology for his part in the incident , although he believed Button was allowing him to overtake . "  It was really tough to get through the pack safely and I had a bit of a collision with Jenson , " Hamilton said on the podium . "  I honestly thought he was opening the door to let me pass -- he 's been a bit like that in the last race , for example -- but it was my bad judgment . " Hamilton is now 14 points behind Mercedes teammate Rosberg at the top of the drivers ' standings after the German won his home race . Hamilton was quick to praise his title rival and colleague and the 29-year-old is relishing the challenge of trying to land his second world championship title , six years on from his maiden success .	Jenson Button said he "  overreacted " after criticising Lewis Hamilton The pair collided at the German Grand Prix as Hamilton attempted to pass Button Button had originally hit out at his former McLaren teammate after the race
CNN  Shin Dong-hyuk 's horrific descriptions of his time in a North Korean prison camp became a best-selling book , made him a key witness before the United Nations and grabbed headlines around the world . He was one of the most high-profile North Korean defectors , winning several human rights awards and inspiring a documentary as his memoir was translated into 27 languages . Now the publisher of the book and its author say Shin -- who claims to have been born in and escaped from a North Korean prison camp -- has revealed that parts of the story he told were n't true . Shin may have spent most of his life in North Korea at a different prison camp , rather than the total control zone that formed the title of his biography . Shin 's accounts of his time in the gulag have been widely reported in interviews with media including CNN . He also wrote an opinion piece describing his experiences for CNN Digital . Do n't discount N. Korean stories after defector 's recanting , advocates say Blaine Harden , author of the book "  Escape from Camp 14 , " said in a statement on his website over the weekend that Shin had changed "  key parts of his story . " "  On Friday , Jan. 16 , I learned that Shin Dong-hyuk , the North Korean prison camp survivor who is the subject of ` Escape from Camp 14 , ' had told friends an account of his life that differed substantially from my book , " Harden said . "  I contacted Shin , pressing him to detail the changes and explain why he had misled me . " Harden declined to provide additional details to CNN , but published a lengthy explanation on his website . A Washington Post story based on information Harden said he had provided to the newspaper said "  the most horrific details " of Shin 's story "  still stand , " but some of the times and places of the events in his accounts were wrong . "  From a human rights perspective , he was still brutally tortured , but he moved things around , " Harden told the Post , where he worked as a reporter for 28 years . Shin did not immediately respond to a request from CNN for comment . In a post on his Facebook page , he does n't go into details about the purported discrepancies , but he includes a link to the Post 's story and apologizes to his supporters . "  This particular past of mine that I so badly wanted to cover up can no longer be hidden , nor do I want it to be , " he says . "  To those who have supported me , trusted me and believed in me all this time , I am so very grateful and at the same time so very sorry to each and every single one of you . " Inconsistencies highlighted Shin "  significantly revised details of his early life , " said Harden in a statement . The inaccuracies include the following : • In the book , in his United Nations testimony and in interviews with media including CNN , Shin has detailed torture and abuse he claimed occurred in a notorious prison known as Camp 14 . Shin told Harden on Friday that he 'd actually been transferred with his mother and brother to a less restrictive prison camp , Camp 18 , when he was six years old . It was there , not at Camp 14 , where Shin now says he witnessed authorities execute his mother and brother . • Shin had previously said that he had lived his entire life in Camp 14 before escaping in 2005 . He now says he escaped from Camp 18 twice before -- in 1999 and 2001 , wrote Harden in his statement . During his second escape attempt from Camp 18 , he was caught in China and repatriated to North Korea . First , he was sent to Camp 18 and later transferred to Camp 14 for torture and punishment , wrote Harden . • Shin now says he was 20 years old when he was tortured as a punishment for escaping , wrote Harden . His original account indicated that he was tortured when he was 13 for plotting to escape . Shin had been saying that he was tortured when he was a teenager since his arrival to South Korea in 2006 . • Shin had described in the book that his finger was chopped off by an angry guard after he dropped a sewing machine in Camp 14 . Now , Shin told Harden that his finger was mangled as a guard pulled out his fingernails as punishment for escaping . "  When I agreed to share my experience for the book , I found it was too painful to think about some of the things that happened , " Shin told Harden . "  So I made a compromise in my mind . I altered some details that I thought would n't matter . I did n't want to tell exactly what happened in order not to relive these painful moments all over again . " Shin told Harden that he thought that dates , places and circumstances were not all that significant , according to the author 's statement . Challenges with North Korea accounts Accounts from North Korean defectors are often difficult to confirm , with lack of documents and the regime 's general secrecy . Harden stated that he was working with the publisher to amend the book . It 's unclear what action the book 's publisher will take in response to the discrepancies in Shin 's story . "  Viking , the publisher of "  Escape From Camp 14 " by Blaine Harden , has been apprised that there were some inaccuracies in the story Shin Dong-hyuk , the subject of the book , told the author , " Penguin Books spokeswoman Louise Braverman said in a written statement Sunday . "  We are working with the author on an accurate understanding of the facts . North Korea has repeatedly denied Shin 's claims and described testimony before a United Nations commission by him and others as "  slander " put forward by "  human scum . " In a video posted last year on a website that carries pro-Pyongyang propaganda , Shin 's father denied that his son was ever in a prison camp . Shin said in response that his father had been taken hostage and was being used in a campaign to discredit him . Human rights activists argue that changes in Shin 's account do not ultimately affect his testimony , saying they still believe he was tortured and that his story highlights the horror of prison camps . The New York Times reported Sunday that Shin said he had held back about revealing inaccuracies in his story out of concerns that it could hurt his advocacy work . "  I dithered because friends feared the damage my coming out might do to the movement for North Korean human rights , " he said , according to the Times . In his Facebook post , Shin said he was not sure if he would be able to continue his efforts to end political prison camps in North Korea . "  But instead of me , you can all still fight , " he said . "  I still have faith in you . " CNN 's Carma Hassan , Brian Walker , Paula Hancocks and KJ Kwon contributed to this report .	Shin Dong-hyuk has changed "  key parts of his story , " the author of a book about him says Shin 's accounts of his time in a North Korean prison camp have been widely reported The publisher says it 's working on "  an accurate understanding of the facts "
EW.com  -- On the topic of TV shows getting a second life , it 's impossible not to look to Sex and the City , the original model for Community fans ' cheer of "  six seasons and a movie . " After six fashionable years of Carrie , Samantha , Miranda , and Charlotte 's adventures on TV , the iconic HBO comedy series found new life -- twice -- with two big-screen adaptations , both written and directed by series exec producer Michael Patrick King . During our chat with King about the revival chances of his other HBO show , The Comeback , the conversation of course veered into Sex territory .  How could it not ?  The big question : could a third Sex and the City movie ever get off the ground ? Back in January , Sarah Jessica Parker told InStyle that she believed there was one last chapter to tell . Well , King agrees . "  The great gift or riches or luck is that I worked on two shows that were so full that they spilled over into people 's lives and the characters were rounded enough that you could still wonder where they are , " King says , adding that Sex and the City is still thriving on TV , especially as alternative programming  HBO marathoned the series on Super Bowl Sunday  . EW : Should there be a ` Sex and the City 3 ' movie ? Acknowledging Parker 's comments on a third film , King explains , "  Sarah Jessica and I both know what that final chapter is . That does n't mean it will or should be told , but I do think there 's one story left . Whether it ever happens is a whole other situation . But there 's four girls , and those girls are still in my mind . There are other stories to tell and characters that have n't even been written yet . " The show went off the air exactly 10 years ago , in February 2004 , delivering series-high ratings for the emotional finale . Four years later , Sex and the City hit movie theaters and raked in $ 152 million at the domestic box office , with critical reviews split right down the middle . Sex and the City 2 opened with significantly less ballyhoo in 2010 and made $ 95 million at home , with the Rotten Tomatoes score at just 15 % . If it seemed as though the series was on its last legs , that would largely be the accurate assumption -- but it depends who you 're asking . EW 's Owen Gleiberman sees a future . The series still lives online , boasting 14 million devotees on Facebook and plenty of meme life among the Tumblr generation . The clamor for another movie might not be as loud as it once was , but rest assured , it 's still there . Just like The Carrie Diaries . "  It 's a very interesting balance of zeitgeist and letting go and coming back and figuring out if you 're done or you 're not done . I listen to people a lot , actually , " says King . "  What I do know is that there 's interest , but with interest comes non-interest . It 's all really about the stories , and if you actually think you have something left to say that would make it exciting and worthwhile for the fans ' time , that 's really the question . Not whether you can get away with it , not whether anybody will buy it , not whether you can make money on it . It 's really like , is there enough or more to say that would justify people risking seeing their favorite characters again ? And I think there 's one chapter left . " EW : Michael Patrick King talks the future of ` The Comeback ' The first and perhaps biggest hurdle would be convincing all the women to return , and as it stands , it 's just Nixon who seemed to be uninterested about the idea  although that was in 2012 , and it sounds like things may have changed  . Parker , as we know , believes in a third story ; Davis is excited at the possibility , and Cattrall appears to be on board as well . With attitudes in the affirmative , the question falls to whether enough of the moving parts can assemble to get a greenlight for a second sequel . King is realistic that a third Sex and the City venture may in fact never come to fruition , but fans should be pleased to know that he and SJP are on the same page when it comes to finishing the saga with one final story . Although , it should be clear , though King listens to the rumblings about SATC 's place in the zeitgeist , he 's not exactly flocking to Tumblr or Twitter  where accounts are devoted to the plots of a third movie  to take suggestions . "  Oh , like I would ever look at the Internet ! " jokes King . "  I also sometimes go into the kitchen and just turn on the stove and put my hand on it to see if that hurts still . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Exec producer says he and star know the final chapter The show went off the air in February 2004 There are Twitter accounts devoted to plots for a sequel
CNN  -- Doctors and hospital officials from Novant Health Forsyth Medical Center in Winston-Salem , North Carolina , are notifying 18 neurosurgery patients that they might have been exposed to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , a serious and incurable neurological disorder . "  Today we are reaching out to 18 neurosurgery patients who were exposed to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease over the last three weeks at Forsyth Medical Center , " said Jeff Lindsay , president of the center , according to CNN affiliate WGHP . The hospital is in the process of contacting the 18 people , spokeswoman Jeanne Mayer said Tuesday . She was not sure how many had been reached . According to the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke , CJD affects about one person in every 1 million people per year worldwide . "  It is important to note that there are multiple variations of CJD and this case is not related to mad cow disease , " Novant Health said in a statement . The hospital confirmed that on January 18 , an operation was performed on a patient with CJD symptoms who later tested positive for the illness . Even though the surgical instruments were sterilized by standard hospital procedures , they should have gone through enhanced sterilization procedures used when there are confirmed or suspected cases of CJD . The original patient "  had neurological symptoms that could have been attributed to CJD or another brain disease , " Novant Health said . "  There were reasons to suspect that this patient might have had CJD . As such , the extra precautions should have been taken , but were not . " The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , as well as the World Health Organization , recommends that surgical equipment used on CJD patients be destroyed or decontaminated through an intense disinfecting process . Although CJD can be transferred through surgical equipment , hospital officials say the likelihood of these patients contracting the disease is very low . The CDC corroborates that assessment . It says that no cases of the disease have been linked to the use of contaminated medical equipment since 1976 . But Lindsay made no excuses . "  On behalf of the entire team at Novant Health , I apologize to the patients and their families , for having caused this anxiety . " CJD is a rare , degenerative and fatal brain disorder , according to the National Institutes of Health . It 's characterized by rapid , progressive dementia . Initial symptoms can include problems with muscular coordination , personality changes including impaired memory and thinking ; and impaired vision . CJD is believed to be caused by a type of protein called a prion . It can be sporadic , hereditary or acquired ; the acquired type is the rarest form , according to the NIH , and seen in fewer than 1 % of cases . It is not contagious through casual contact . Asked whether the 18 people would be tested , Mayer said there is no quick test for CJD . The original patient underwent brain surgery and then the disease was found through a number of tests afterward , she said . In some cases , CJD can take years to show up , Mayer said . The hospital has instituted the enhanced sterilization process on all surgical instruments used in brain surgery , Novant Health said . In September , 13 patients received similar warnings from two hospitals in New Hampshire and Massachusetts , when a patient who had undergone neurosurgery was later suspected to have CJD . The hospitals shared the specialized surgical equipment that was used to operate on the patient and continued to use it until the suspicion of exposure to the disease surfaced . Learn more about Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease 30,000 in Britain may carry human form of mad cow	CDC says no one has been known to get CJD from surgical instruments since 1976 18 surgery patients getting news : They may have been exposed to Creutzfeldt-Jakob The disease is a serious and incurable neurological disorder Hospital says instruments used in a surgery did n't get the approved sterilization
CNN  -- President Barack Obama confidently declared that his administration will get things done in Washington despite an atmosphere he described as divided and politically dysfunctional . Speaking at a press conference 100 days into his second term , Obama fielded a range of questions on topics including Syria and the Boston Marathon attack , and he defended his administration 's actions and positions . Noting that lawmakers have blocked initiatives like averting forced budget cuts and expanding gun control , one questioner asked if Obama still had "  the juice " to get his agenda through Congress . "  I think it 's a little , as Mark Twain said , you know , ` Rumors of my demise may be a little exaggerated at this point , " Obama said at the White House . "  We understand that we 're a divided government right now . Republicans control the House of Representatives . In the Senate , this habit of requiring 60 votes for even the most modest piece of legislation has gummed up the works there . And I think it comes to no surprise , not even to the American people , but even members of Congress themselves that right now things are pretty dysfunctional up on Capitol Hill , " Obama said . The president said he is confident that a range of priorities will get done , like immigration reform . He praised the bipartisan work on that bill . "  That 's going to be historic achievement , " Obama said . "  I 've been very complimentary of the efforts of both Republicans and Democrats in those efforts . " Overhauling immigration policy Obama said an immigration reform bill proposed by the so-called "  Gang of Eight " senators meets criteria that he believes is necessary . This includes more effective border security , a crackdown on employers "  gaming the system , " making the legal immigration system work more effectively , and making sure there is a pathway to citizenship for immigrants already in the country . Obama said he has n't seen what House members are proposing and promised to be open-minded about whether they can address the issue better . But , he added , "  the bottom line is they still have to meet those basic criteria . " Forced budget cuts As for the sweeping $ 85 billion in forced spending cuts that took effect in March due to congressional inaction on deficit reduction , Obama said the austerity is "  damaging our economy " and "  hurting our people . " He said lifting them will require compromise . "  I 've had some good conversations with Republican senators so far . Those conversations are continuing . I think there 's a genuine desire on many of their parts to move past not only sequester , but Washington dysfunction . Whether we can get it done or not , you know , we 'll see . " FAA suspends furloughs Obama said short-term fixes , such as legislation heading for his desk aimed at ending sequester-related air traffic control furloughs blamed for widespread flight delays last week , are n't enough . He said that if "  they are seriously concerned about passenger convenience and safety , they should not just be thinking about tomorrow . ... They should be thinking about five years form now , 10 years from now , 20 years from now . " Obama said both parties must "  sit down " and commit themselves to reduce "  our deficit sensibly " and ensure investment in infrastructure , education and basic research that will help the economy and the country grow . "  That 's what the American people want , " he said . Budget-cut layoffs deal a blow to investigations of gun-related crimes Partisan politics Obama said he believes lawmakers understand the need for compromise and "  common sense solutions . " But he noted that it 's a challenge to get Republicans to embrace them . "  I can urge them to . I can put pressure on them . I can , you know , rally the American people around those -- you know , those commonsense solutions . But ultimately they , themselves , are going to have to say we want to do the right thing , " he said . "  I think there are members , certainly in the Senate right now , and I suspect members in the House as well who -- who understand that deep down . But they 're worried about their politics . It 's tough . Their base thinks that compromise with me is somehow a betrayal . They 're worried about primaries . And I understand all that . " Closing Guantanamo Asked about the hunger strikes at the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility , Obama said he continues to believe it should be closed , repeating a stance he took when he became president in 2009 . "  I think it is critical for us to understand that Guantanamo is not necessary to keep America safe . It is expensive . It is inefficient . It hurts us , in terms of our international standing . It lessens cooperation with our allies on counter-terrorism efforts . It is a recruitment tool for extremists . It needs to be closed , " he said . For the past decade , the Guantanamo detention center has held people captured outside the United States in counterterrorism operations . There are about 166 detainees at the facility , according to the latest figures , with half participating in hunger strikes over complaints about their treatment . Obama said Congress would not allow the facility to be closed but he promised to press the issue again . "  Despite the fact that there are a number of the folks who are currently in Guantanamo , who the courts have said could be returned to their country of origin or potentially a third country , I 'm gon na go back at this . I 've asked my team to review everything that 's currently being done in Guantanamo , everything that we can do administratively , and I 'm gon na reengage with Congress to try to make the case that this is not something that 's in the best interest of the American people , " he said . Proud of NBA 's Jason Collins Obama also said he spoke to Jason Collins , the NBA player who on Monday became the first member of a major American pro-sports team to come out as gay . "  I told him I could n't be prouder . You know , one of the extraordinary measures of progress that we 've seen in this country has been the recognition that the LGBT community deserves full equality , not just partial equality , not just tolerance , but a recognition that they 're fully a part of the American family , " he said . "  And , you know , given the importance of sports in our society for an individual who -- who 's excelled at the highest levels in one of the major sports go ahead and say , ` This is who I am . ' I 'm proud of it . I 'm still a great competitor . I 'm still seven-foot tall and can bang with Shaq . " "  And , " he said , "  deliver a hard foul . "	Obama took a wide range of questions from reporters "  Rumors of my demise may be a little exaggerated at this point " President still wants Guantanamo closed , says will reengage Congress NBA 's Jason Collins gets presidential a high-five
CNN  -- The chairman of a U.N. mission whose report accused Israel of "  actions amounting to war crimes " during its fight against Hamas says he would have reached different conclusions if the Israeli military had been more forthcoming and if he had known the results of subsequent investigations . "  If I had known then what I know now , the Goldstone Report would have been a different document , " wrote Richard Goldstone , a former South African jurist , in a Washington Post op-ed column Friday . Israel , which has long been critical of the conclusions presented to the U.N. Human Rights Council on its war against Hamas forces in Gaza in 2008-09 , on Saturday called for the body to cancel the findings . "  Everything we said has proven to be true , " said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  Israel did not intentionally harm civilians , its institutions and investigative bodies are worthy , while the Hamas intentionally fired upon innocent civilians and did not examine anything . The fact that Goldstone backtracked must lead to the shelving of this report once and for all . " There was no immediate reaction from Hamas . Goldstone 's report , issued in September 2009 , said both Israel and Hamas likely committed war crimes and possible crimes against humanity during the conflict between December 27 , 2008 , and January 18 , 2009 . Israeli investigations found cases involving individual soldiers , but the intentional targeting of civilians by Israel was not a "  matter of policy , " Goldstone now writes . Israel launched the offensive against Gaza militants in response to ongoing firing of rockets against southern Israeli towns . The U.N. Human Rights Council , which assigned Goldstone and others to the fact-finding mission , approved the controversial report , which focused more on alleged war crimes by Israel . Israel later provided the United Nations with a report justifying its actions . Israel said it faced "  asymmetric conflicts " and blamed "  militants operating from within and behind civilian areas " for placing civilians at risk . In his column , Goldstone cites a subsequent report by a U.N. committee of independent experts , which found Israel investigated more than 400 allegations of misconduct while Hamas has "  not conducted any investigations into the launching of rocket and mortar attacks against Israel . " "  That the crimes allegedly committed by Hamas were intentional goes without saying -- its rockets were purposefully and indiscriminately aimed at civilian targets , " Goldstone wrote Friday . Goldstone said Israel should have conducted proceedings in a public forum and been more cooperative during his panel 's investigation . "  Israel 's lack of cooperation with our investigation meant that we were not able to corroborate how many Gazans killed were civilians and how many were combatants , " Goldstone wrote in the Washington Post article , adding Israeli has concluded few of its investigations . Asked about whether the Israeli government should have cooperated with the Goldstone commission from the start , Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman said Saturday the government did not want to set a precedent for bodies it considers hostile to interfere in government decision-making . Hamas , Goldstone said , continues to fire rockets and mortar rounds at civilian targets in southern Israel and should be condemned by the Human Rights Council . The judge wrote of military commanders "  making difficult battlefield decisions " and that he is confident Israel is appropriately investigating the deaths of 29 members of one family . "  The shelling of the home was apparently the consequence of an Israeli commander 's erroneous interpretation of a drone image , and an Israeli officer is under investigation for having ordered the attack . "  Although the Israeli evidence that has emerged since publication of our report does n't negate the tragic loss of civilian life , I regret that our fact-finding mission did not have such evidence explaining the circumstances in which we said civilians in Gaza were targeted , because it probably would have influenced our findings about intentionality and war crimes , " Goldstone wrote . Goldstone said since the 2009 report , Israel Defense Forces instituted new procedures for protecting civilians , limiting the use of white phosphorus in civilian areas . The Gaza-based Palestinian Center for Human Rights put the death toll in the war at 1,419 , and said that 1,167 of those were "  noncombatants . " The Israeli military released its own figures , claiming 1,166 people were killed and that 60 percent of those were "  terror operatives . " In 2009 , when the Goldstone Report came out , Ibrahim Khraishi , the Palestinian Authority 's ambassador to the United Nations , called it professional and unbiased . "  This report should not be another report to just document and archive , " Khraishi said . "  My people will not forgive this council if they let these criminals go unpunished . " But the United States , which along with with the European Union considers Hamas to be a terrorist organization , has contended the report was "  deeply flawed . " In February 2010 , Alejandro Wolff , U.S. deputy representative to the United Nations , criticized the report and "  its unbalanced focus on Israel , the negative inferences it draws about Israel 's intentions and actions , its failure to deal adequately with the asymmetrical nature of the Gaza conflict , and its failure to assign appropriate responsibility to Hamas for deliberately targeting civilians and basing itself and its operations in heavily civilian-populated urban areas . " Speaking Saturday to Israel 's Channel 2 , Israel 's Liberman said , "  I want to congratulate Goldstone 's new conclusions , but I am not surprised by them . We knew the truth , and we had no doubt that it would eventually come out . " CNN 's Kevin Flower in Jerusalem contributed to this report	Goldstone Report was critical of Israel and Hamas in Gaza fighting It focused more on allegations of Israeli war crimes Its author now says he would come up with different findings Israeli should have been more cooperative , he writes in Washington Post op-ed piece
CNN  -- All but one of the families who lost relatives in Baghdad 's Nusoor Square killings have agreed to settle their claims against the security contractor formerly known as Blackwater , one of the survivors said Sunday . Hassan Salman , who was wounded in the 2007 shootings , told CNN that 16 of the 17 families of the dead agreed to $ 100,000 lawsuit settlements from Xe , as Blackwater now calls itself . Those wounded were offered between $ 20,000 and $ 50,000 apiece , Salman said . Blackwater guards protecting a U.S. State Department convoy opened fire in Nusoor Square , in western Baghdad , in October 2007 , killing 17 people and wounding more than two dozen . Blackwater denied any wrongdoing , arguing its contractors used necessary force to protect a State Department convoy that had come under fire from insurgents . Iraq called the killings unprovoked and an act of "  premeditated murder . " The incident led the Iraqi government to slap limits on security contractors hired by Xe and other firms operating in the country . Xe announced it was settling the lawsuit last week to allow the company , which is also under new management , to move ahead "  free of the costs and distraction of ongoing litigation . " One of the guards who took part in the shooting pleaded guilty to a voluntary manslaughter charge in a U.S. court 2008 . Five others were charged with manslaughter , but those cases were dismissed in late December when a federal judge found prosecutors wrongly used the men 's own statements against them . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Families of slain offered $ 100,000 to settle lawsuit , survivor of shooting says Blackwater guards protecting a convoy opened fire in Baghdad in October 2007 Seventeen people were killed ; security firm said guards came under fire Guard pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter ; charges dismissed against five others
CNN  -- Give Miley Cyrus some credit : she 's ridden this ceaseless wave of publicity all the way to No. 1 . Her latest album , "  Bangerz , " is at the top of iTunes in 70 countries , and the expectation is that she 's going to arrive at the top of Billboard 's 200 album chart as well . While her success could be brushed off with the industry motto "  all publicity is good publicity , " those who 've closely watched the 20-year-old 's development say that 's not the whole story . In CNN 's "  The Life of Miley Cyrus , " which examines Cyrus ' music , message and personal journey , insiders who 've intimately come to know the singer/actress say that her transition from a childhood of ATVs and cheerleading to adult superstardom was no accident . Instead , Cyrus has executed her transformation with total control . Shirley Halperin , music editor for The Hollywood Reporter , tells CNN she gives Cyrus "  a lot of credit for her own street smarts and her own understanding of what consumers want . " After all , Halperin says , "  there was a time when people thought Miley Cyrus would never be on Top 40 radio , because Disney was too squeaky clean . Well ... she 's certainly turned that around . " And how did she do that ? By systematically shedding her reputation as a tween celebrity . Cyrus herself has never been "  squeaky clean " -- even before she turned 18 , her actual image was occasionally at odds with the image those parents paying for tickets to "  Hannah Montana " concerts expected . According to Josh Eells , the Rolling Stone writer who went skydiving and to a tattoo shop with Cyrus for Rolling Stone 's recent cover story , believes the beginning of this transition happened at 17 , when Cyrus was filming the comedy "  LOL " in Detroit with Demi Moore . "  She said that was the first time that she was really ... basically by herself . There were other  s  -- obviously the rest of the cast and crew was around -- but she was kind of living on her own , " Eels said . "  She would go out to clubs , which she 'd never really done before . I think it was probably easier for her to be anonymous or kind of fly under the radar in Detroit a little bit . She said she learned a lot from  Moore  , and I think she got into hip-hop more up there . " While "  LOL " failed to make a dent in Cyrus ' rep , a certain haircut that same year definitely did . In August 2012 , the singer made one of the biggest statements a young celebrity can make : she drastically changed her look with a super-short , platinum blonde haircut , a clear departure from anything she 'd done before . According to Steven Peterman , an executive producer on Cyrus ' old show , "  Hannah Montana , " that sort of risk-taking is nothing new . "  The thing that makes you wonder , ` What 's she gon na do next , ? ' I 've been asking that about her since the day I met her , " Peterman said . Photos : Child star transformations When Cyrus was first auditioning for the part , "  she was the least likely person to get this job , " Peterman continued . But with her combination of vocal talent and that unpredictability , she wound up winning the creative team over to her side . "  There was something about her that was so alive and so fearless , and that 's what we all talked about in the room , " Peterman said . "  That 's part of who she is . And it 's part of , as an artist , what she probably needs to be . It means that she 's going to , at times , make mistakes . But I think she 's strong enough to get through it all and come out the other side . " Of course , as Cyrus has peeled off the layers of adolescence -- along with several layers of her actual clothes -- many have "  tsked " at her seemingly new image : There are the references to marijuana  super lemon haze is said to be her strain of choice  ; the sexually suggestive music videos ; the risquÃ © , semi-nude photos - not to mention her "  Wrecking Ball " video - both courtesy of Terry Richardson . And then there 's that tongue . But , Eells suggests , "  the things that we see that seem crazy are very calculatedly crazy . Pharrell  Williams  phrased it in a very long text message that he wrote to her : ` You 're not a train wreck , you 're the train pulling everyone else along . '  Cyrus  seems to be totally together and with it and knows exactly what 's going on . " Halperin agrees , noting that it is n't easy to simply wake up and decide to aim for the top of the hot singles chart . "  That requires a great deal of planning to say , ` Here we are in 2007 , by 2010-2011 , we want to be on top 40 radio . It takes four years to develop an artist like that , " she said . "  And that 's what we 've seen . We 've seen her development . And it 's not an accident ; it is very strategic . " In order to build any longevity , Halperin explains , "  we need to see her go through these musical phases and these stylistic changes , too . We can look back at any  act  -- Justin Timberlake or 'N Sync -- and laugh at what they wore , what they sang . But at the moment , it was perfect for what the audience was looking for .  Cyrus  knows what her audience wants . Right now , Cyrus knows that her audience wants honesty -- sometimes of the naked variety . And with "  Hannah Montana " getting farther in her rear view , frank vulnerability is what the pop star can offer . With "  Bangerz " and all the changes it has brought , Cyrus told CNN that she 's now "  able to be just more honest as an artist . And that 's really what my record is about . "	"  The Life of Miley Cyrus " explores the star 's development Cyrus has gone from an 11-year-old child performer to an adult pop star Experts say that her transition has been very calculated While her actions may seem haphazard , experts say Cyrus is being strategic
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- When Amanda Knox 's parents head to Italy for closing arguments in their daughter 's murder trial they 'll be carrying a present they hope desperately she can use soon : a plane ticket home . In that purchase lies one family 's entire hope . Curt Knox and Edda Mellas say their daughter is nothing like the person they 've seen depicted before and during her trial . They grimace at the description prosecutors have used in court : that Amanda Knox was a resentful American so angry with her British roommate Meredith Kercher that she exacted revenge during a twisted sex misadventure at their home two years ago . Prosecutors say Knox directed then-boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito and another man infatuated with her , Rudy Guede , to hold Kercher down as Knox played with a knife before slashing Kercher 's throat . "  She is totally nonviolent , almost a passive person , " Mellas told CNN in a joint interview with her former husband . So passive was Knox , the parents said , that she could n't even continue a kickboxing class because she felt it was too violent . She was so caring , they said , that she would make her friends stop a car to let a spider out rather than kill it . Knox was an easy child to raise in Seattle , Washington , along with her younger sisters Deanna and Ashley , her parents said . She took to soccer early on but hit the books as hard as she played . It was on the field that she earned the nickname Foxy Knoxy , though they say it was rarely used and taken out of context when Kercher was found killed to portray their daughter as a sex-hungry party animal . "  It was totally associated to soccer and how she prepared herself as a defender , waiting to take on a striker going down , " Curt Knox said . "  So how people read this nickname is totally wrong . " Eventually , though a star player at college , Knox gave up the sport to focus on her education . She knew she wanted to study in Italy and would n't be able to leave the team to go abroad . Her mother said she threw herself into jobs to help the family save for the trip , working as a soccer coach , a barista and in a gallery . They recall a young woman far different from the wild party girl depicted by prosecutors , one they said found more enjoyment in going to a coffee house and reading a book than going out to a club . They say she met her former boyfriend and co-accused Sollecito at a classical concert . Yes , they concede , Knox , now 22 , and Sollecito say they were smoking marijuana and having sex at his home the night Kercher was killed , but that was as wild as it got . They reject the idea of revenge as a motive for Knox to kill Kercher . Mellas said her daughter e-mailed and called to tell her about her new roommate regularly . Knox told her they got along great and spent time together , going to libraries and a chocolate festival . What has happened in Perugia , Italy , is unfathomable to them . On November 2 , 2007 , at 4 a.m. in Seattle , Mellas was awakened by the phone . "  Amanda called -LSB- and said -RSB- ' I hate to wake you up , but something 's not right here , I think someone 's been in my house , ' " Mellas recalled . The door to the home she shared with Kercher had been ajar when she came home that morning , and when Knox got out of a quick shower , she noticed drops of blood . Kercher 's door was locked , and Knox could n't reach her , she told her mother , adding that Sollecito was calling the police . Later , when officers broke down the door to Kercher 's room , Mellas said her daughter struggled to understand what was going on , hanging on the few words of Italian she understood at the time . "  They were screaming ' A foot , a foot , ' that 's what they could see , " Mellas recalled Amanda Knox saying . When she learned Kercher was dead in the room , a hysterical Knox called her mother , Mellas remembered . "  We were constantly on the phone , " she said . "  She was tired , scared , there was a murderer out running around and she was afraid to be alone . " On the day Knox was arrested , Mellas was flying to Italy to be with her daughter , to comfort her and help her find a new place to live since her home was still a crime scene . But Mellas ' plane was diverted to Switzerland , where she switched on her phone and learned that Knox had been charged with murder . "  I felt physically ill , I went to the bathroom to throw up . I was stuck -LSB- in Switzerland -RSB- for five hours , " Mellas recalled , beginning to cry . By the time she reached Italy and was allowed to see her daughter , Mellas had already heard news reports that Knox had confessed . She was flabbergasted and confused . See the evidence against Amanda Knox "  It was horrible . We cried most of the time , " Mellas recalled of the first meeting . "  But we held each other and it all made sense . She told me what happened in the interrogation , how they asked her to imagine the possibilities . She talked about being hit , screamed at , threatened ; it was the most horrible thing she had ever been through in her entire life . " But even with the way Knox has been treated and portrayed , her parents know they are the lucky parents in this case . "  As parents , the Kercher family received the worst phone call they could get , " Curt Knox said , adding he believes Kercher has gotten lost in the sensational coverage . "  At least our daughter called us . " After the arrest , Mellas was sure there was a mix-up or problems with translation that would soon be cleared up . But they were n't . When Guede was later arrested in Germany , police said he had been speaking to a friend on a Skype call monitored by police and had been talking about being at Kercher 's house . Mellas and Curt Knox were sure again that everything would be fixed . During the conversation , despite saying that he knew who Amanda Knox was , he never indicated she was at the home the night of the murder . But after being jailed , his story changed , and he pointed the finger at Knox and her then-boyfriend , Sollecito . Her family said they 've tried to shield Knox from knowing how high-profile the case has gotten and how people are talking about her , discussing what she wears to court and what kind of person she is . But she does know she may be going to jail for a very long time . During closing arguments , prosecutors asked for her to be sentenced to life in prison , shocking her family who had expected a demand for 30 years . Read about the case against Amanda Knox Still , at occasional prison visits , Curt Knox and Mellas try to give Knox a light at the end of the tunnel . "  We have to try and put on a face that it is going to work out , " Mellas said , beginning to cry . "  We keep telling her it 's taking way longer than expected but she will get out of there . They will not put an innocent 20-year-old in jail , they just ca n't . " They take solace and hold onto the moments the court allows Knox to share with her parents after the trial has recessed each day . "  They allowed us to go into the back room and say goodbye and hug her , tell her we love her , " Curt Knox said choking up . "  Just those few seconds are worth a lot . "	Parents of Amanda Knox say they still hope murder trial will acquit their daughter They say they do n't recognize the vengeful killer portrayed by the prosecution in Italy Knox 's parents say they know they 're luckier than parents of victim Meredith Kercher
CNN  -- In the midst of intense national gun debate , lawmakers in Pennsylvania proposed a tougher gun law -- but only for the city of Philadelphia . New legislation calls for a two-year minimum sentence for any illegal firearm possession in the city , bumping the current misdemeanor charge up to a felony . State Sen. Larry Farnese of Philadelphia , a Democrat , and Rep. John Taylor of Philadelphia , a Republican , joined with local officials to announce the proposal in hopes of decreasing violence in the city . In a news release issued Thursday , the day the legislation was introduced , Farnese said that "  it gives Philadelphia 's law enforcement community an important new tool that will help curb gun violence and keep illegal weapons out of the hands of criminals . " Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams added that the change would "  make the message loud and clear -- if you carry an illegal gun in Philadelphia , you will go to prison . " Other state officials are positive about the proposal , even though it would apply only to Philadelphia . "  In urban areas , it 's a much more chronic issue . I think we have to do something about the gun situation there , " Sen. Stewart J. Greenleaf said Friday . Greenleaf , a Republican representing parts of Montgomery and Bucks counties , just outside the city , is a part of the Senate committee that will review the legislation . He said his only concern is the wording making the sentence mandatory , which he said might imprison people who do n't belong in jail , such as those whose gun permits might have expired without their knowledge . A study by the Police Executive Research Forum last year called Philadelphia the nation 's most violent city in the nation , with a homicide rate well above other municipalities . The proposal was made on the same day that neighboring Connecticut and Maryland passed sweeping gun legislation . Connecticut 's new law bans some weapons as well as the sale or purchase of high-capacity magazines such as those used in the Newtown shooting in December that left 20 children and six adults dead in a school . It also requires background checks for all gun purchases . In Maryland , the legislation includes a ban on assault-style weapons and sets a 10-round limit for gun magazines . It also will require training for many first-time gun owners and bans some individuals with mental health issues from gun ownership . The proposed legislation will be reviewed by committees in the Pennsylvania Senate and House .	The new law would apply only to the city of Philadelphia It calls for a two-year minimum sentence for any illegal firearm possession in the city "  In urban areas , it 's a much more chronic issue , " a legislator says
CNN  -- The number of girls being raped has increased sharply since fighting intensified in the Democratic Republic of Congo , a humanitarian group said Tuesday . A survey of children at refugee camps finds rapes of girls under age 17 are increasing . Also , the recent fighting between rebels and the Congo government has heightened the threat of children being recruited as soldiers , said World Vision . "  A silent war has been waged against women and children , " said Sue Mbaya , the humanitarian group 's Africa advocacy director . "  Women and girls in the hundreds have been targets of opportunistic and brutal rape , while children are also being targeted for recruitment or re-recruitment as child soldiers . " World Vision said they surveyed children at six refugee camps in the country , finding that 120 girls under the age of 17 reported being raped in October . That 's compared to five reported cases in April and June . Mbaya was scheduled to address the issue Tuesday during a report to the United Nations Security Council . The fighting , which began in August , prompted the U.N. Security Council to approve sending more than 3,000 troops in coming weeks to bolster the 17,000-strong peacekeeping force already there . A U.N. envoy has also been sent to Congo to conduct peace talks between the government and rebel leader Laurent Nkunda . The spiraling violence in eastern Congo has displaced an estimated 250,000 people -- many of whom have fled to refugee camps . The fighting is spurred by lingering tensions over the 1994 slaughter of ethnic Tutsis by majority Hutus in neighboring Rwanda . Nkunda has said his forces are fighting to defend Congolese Tutsis from Hutu militants who escaped to Congo .	Aid group says rape reports increase as fighting intensified Group surveys girls under 17 at various refugee camps Violence in eastern Congo has displaced an estimated 250,000 people
CNN  -- A group of more than 100 prominent Christians ranging from evangelical minister Jim Wallis on the political left to Nixon White House aide Chuck Colson on the right released a document Thursday calling for an end to the fight club tone of the national political discourse . Called the "  Civility Covenant , " the document says that churches have too often "  reflected the political divisions of our culture rather than the unity we have in the body of Christ . " "  Members of Congress have been calling me saying ` It 's never been as bad as it is now , but we ca n't do much about it because we 're not credible to a lot of Americans , ' " said Wallis , who leads the progressive group Sojourners . "  They said to the faith community , ` please help us . ' " Wallis said the covenant is the result of those conversations . It has 114 signatories from a broad swath of Christian traditions , including the president of the National Association of Evangelicals , the head of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference and the general superintendent of the Assemblies of God , a major Pentecostal denomination . The list also includes plenty of strange political bedfellows , from conservative Christian leaders like Harry Jackson -- who led the unsuccessful fight against gay marriage in Washington -- to Morna Murray , president of the progressive Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good , which is close to the Obama White House . "  Anytime you have a document with Wallis and Colson signing , you 're talking about a pretty unusual situation and a pretty significant marker , " said John Green , an expert on religion and politics at the University of Akron in Ohio . "  It shows that there are some issues that transcend politics and ideology . " Quoting the New Testament , the new covenant urges Christians to "  put away from you all bitterness and wrath and anger and wrangling and slander , together with all malice , and be kind to one another , tenderhearted , forgiving one another , as God in Christ has forgiven you . " "  We owe a certain responsibility to each other as believers , " said Colson , an influential evangelical Christian voice . "  This does n't mean I have n't challenged some people 's theology . But the document says we 're not going to challenge each other 's motives or engage in ad hominem attacks . " Wallis , who led the effort to draft the document and collect signatures for it , noted that the document comes at a time when members of Congress are complaining of physical threats against them because of their positions on the health care bill , which President Obama signed into law Tuesday . Wallis says he 'll start collecting signatures from more pastors and rank-and-file churchgoers in coming weeks . The pastor publicly feuded with conservative television host Glenn Beck this month after Beck encouraged his fans to leave churches that preach economic and social justice . Wallis organized a boycott of Beck 's show but says the timing of the covenant 's release is incidental . Colson said the document "  would n't apply to Glenn Beck because we 're talking about the conversation in the family of believers ... Glenn Beck is a Mormon . " Many Christians do n't consider Mormons -- members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints -- to be Christians , though Mormons consider themselves Christian . The covenant is the latest in a series of faith-based efforts to soften the public discourse . Prominent evangelical PR executive Mark DeMoss , a conservative , and former Bill Clinton aide Lanny Davis launched the Civility Project last year .	Jim Wallis , Chuck Colson release a document calling for civil political discourse "  Civility Covenant " is result of conversations with politicians , Christian leaders say Document has 114 signatories from across Christian traditions
