CNN  -- Oscar-nominated screenwriter John Milius , author of some of Hollywood 's most famous lines from films such as "  Apocalypse Now , " "  Dirty Harry " and "  Jaws , " is a student of history -- especially the history of war . Five years after his HBO 's mini-series "  Rome , " Milius is currently in pre-production on an epic film about the life of the infamous warlord Genghis Khan . Milius , who penned legendary lines such as "  Apocalypse Now 's " "  I love the smell of napalm in the morning , " and "  Dirty Harry 's " "  Well do you -LSB- feel lucky -RSB- , punk ? " names a few war movies he does n't like -- and a few others that are his all-time favorites . In this edited transcript , Milius reveals why he 's a big fan of "  The Hurt Locker , " which has garnered nine Oscar nominations , including best picture and best director . CNN : Would you like to compare "  Apocalypse Now " and "  The Hurt Locker ? " John Milius : Well no , they 're very different . But one of the things that I think is comparable is that they do n't really make any commentary on the war itself . There 's no political commentary . Whether the war is right wrong or indifferent because that 's like saying a rainstorm is right wrong or indifferent . Wars can be unjust , wars can be horrible . That 's not the purpose of either of those films . The film is an examination of what people do within that experience . You go back to "  All Quiet on the Western Front " -- we must have our guilt about war because we all share that -- we certainly share a guilt about war . "  The Hurt Locker " looks at the whole condition of war and endeavor and -- like they say -- war is human abrasion . It 's like the rest of life -- with the heat turned up . It 's this whole thing of the exhilaration of endeavor of life and risk . It 's an animal attraction . Not only is this guy deactivating bombs , but he likes it . He likes deactivating bombs ! He loves the challenge . I love it when he 's in a car and he finds a little booby trap and he goes , "  Ooh , nice ! " I think it 's very interesting that they 've made a bunch of movies about Iraq and all of them basically have been anti-American movies and they 've made no money and they 've garnered no attention of any kind . And this movie is not anti-American , it 's just what it is . It does n't take the presumption that we all want to see something to run down our country . We 're at war . I feel my own way about it . I feel that people have the right to criticize the war . But to assume that we should all feel that way is an arrogant assumption . This movie does n't shove into people 's faces the idea of how terrible the war is , how horrible we 're for being there how we 're raping children every day , how we 're doing all this kind of stuff . Inside the heads of ` Hurt Locker ' Bomb defusers CNN : What are your top war movies of all time ? Milius : The best war movie of all time is "  Battleground . " It 's about the Battle of the Bulge , made by William Wellman , 1949 , it 's just unparalleled in its authenticity , in its artistry , the vision of the human spirit . It 's just superb . What 's really great about it is everything is played down . It 's about all the aspects of war . They 're muted the way they really would be in war . CNN : What does it share with "  The Hurt Locker ? " Milius : The intensity . It 's about camaraderie , it 's about the horrors and all of it being secondary to the overall experience . What I liked about what -LSB- director Kathryn Bigelow -RSB- did was she shot it very clean . She did n't let her technique get in the way . She told a story . CNN : Does "  The Hurt Locker " have any shortcomings ? Milius : The only question I questioned when I first saw it was the sniper sequence . How did they suddenly become so good at being snipers ? These are EOD -LSB- explosive ordinance disposal -RSB- men . Snipers take a tremendous amount of training . Apparently they are cross-trained in sniping , I do n't know -- somebody has told me that . But I think it 's OK . CNN : What are some war movies you do n't like ? Milius : "  Black Hawk Down " is garbage . The book was superb . In the movie , you do n't know who anyone is , you ca n't tell who anyone is . It 's all so cool because it 's -LSB- director -RSB- Ridley Scott , who has to be so much cooler than the rest of us , who 's so detached and he has to show his vision is more important than telling you where they are , where the machine gun is ... I 'm not a great fan of "  The Deer Hunter . " It 's interesting but it has very little to do with Vietnam . "  Platoon " is a very good movie . But it 's not my favorite . "  Platoon " is a very harrowing experience -- but it 's not something you want to see again and again . It 's -LSB- director and Vietnam War veteran Oliver Stone 's -RSB- war . It has incredible credibility because of that . But it 's not everybody 's war . It 's something particular to him . If you look at "  Platoon , " you tend to want to believe it . Whereas in "  Inglourious Basterds , " it 's truly a comic book . -LSB- Tarantino -RSB- does shoot it in his own way . It has its own rules . And it works , in a strange way . It 's like -LSB- legendary Italian director -RSB- Sergio Leone . Quentin has done a tremendous amount for loosening up the whole stodgy industry . Quentin 's a genuine rogue out there . CNN : Is a Tarantino-Milius collaboration in the works ? Milius : We collaborate . He told me that I influenced the first scene in -LSB- "  Inglourious Basterds " -RSB- . He told me , "  I wrote that stuff when I was talking to you on the phone . " I said , "  Did I write a scene in that movie ? " He said , "  yeah . " He did n't note it though . He forgot . CNN : Have you seen "  Avatar , " where a private army in the future tries to take over a planet ? Milius : No I have n't seen it . Sounds sort of like Blackwater . I just hope Blackwater survives into the 22nd century , or whatever -- -LSB- laughs -RSB- I 'd probably be on the side of the Blackwater people . "  Avatar " is what movies are becoming . "  Avatar " is like a really good water slide . You know , you get on and you slide around all these things and then you get on and slide down again . Remember in "  Talladega Nights " when the French driver character asks , "  Do you know why I came to America ? " and Will Farrell 's character says , "  Health care systems , giant water parks . The same reason anyone comes to America . " This started with "  Star Wars . " I do n't consider "  Star Wars " a movie . It 's a good water slide . It 's great to be a water slide movie . Maybe they should have a different category : amusement park movies or best ride . Not best picture , best ride , most money made . -LSB- "  Avatar " director -RSB- Jim Cameron 's a really good director . CNN : Did you attend the Oscars when you were nominated for 1979 's "  Apocalypse Now ? " Milius : I do n't take the Academy Awards terribly seriously . Every year there 's Academy Awards and it 's very important to people in Hollywood because it 's the senior prom . They put me on the edge of the -LSB- stage -RSB- like I was going to win . But the minute I was there , I knew I was n't going to win . I could just tell the mood of the Academy . And they gave all the Oscars to another movie that was really an undistinguished movie -- a joke , as a matter of fact . We were beaten by a TV movie . This was "  Kramer vs. Kramer . " People lately have said to me in interviews , "  How do you feel about not winning an Oscar ? " And I said I never gave it any thought . I long ago did not think about winning Oscars . I have a different philosophy of life . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Milius .	Oscar-nominated writer John Milius rates war films , including "  The Hurt Locker " Milius , who wrote "  Apocalypse Now " calls Oscars Hollywood 's "  senior prom " "  Avatar 's " private army idea sort of sounds like Blackwater , he says "  Inglourious Basterds " director Quentin Tarantino has "  loosened up the whole stodgy industry "
CNN  -- U.S. Marine Corps reservist Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi told CNN by phone Sunday that he was "  more hopeful " and "  optimistic " than ever that he would be released from a Mexican prison after a court hearing coming on Wednesday . More than three months after he was imprisoned for driving into Mexico with three firearms in his truck , Tahmooressi called CNN from the El Hongo Penitentiary in Tecate , Mexico , where he is being held . "  I 'm not as down as I once was , " he said . "  My relationship with the guards has turned more into a friendship , so I do n't feel as alone , I guess . Once the media started covering it ... things did start changing . ... I 'm just trying to keep my cool and stay relaxed . " Tahmooressi has maintained that he took a wrong turn on the California side of the border into Tijuana , Mexico , the night of March 31 . He was detained by Mexican border officials for possessing a .45 - caliber pistol , a 12-gauge pump shotgun and an AR-15 rifle . "  I 'm not a guilty man , and you can probably hear it from my voice and the sincerity in my voice , " he said . "  I 'm innocent , and it was just a big mistake . " He says he replays in his head what happened the night he was arrested . Tahmooressi has denied crossing the border with the intent of trafficking arms . He said allegations against him that he could be involved with in gun trafficking or anything nefarious are "  silly . " "  I do n't know what more there is to say , really , " Tahmooressi said when asked what he would tell people who do n't believe what he did was an accident . "  If you look at the facts , I mean ... I 'm a smart man too , I 'd like to think . I would n't go about trying to sell my guns to criminals . For one , I 'm not a criminal . And I do n't like any criminal activity . I especially do n't like any cartel people . " "  I would n't have gone about selling my guns to get money . I would have sold my motorcycle . I would have sold my truck . Besides that I had plenty of money in my bank account that I had saved up from the Marine Corps . And I 'm not a dumb man , to be selling my guns that have serial numbers registered to me . " The director of the Tijuana checkpoint told Mexican media last month that Mexican agents at the border gave Tahmooressi a chance to surrender his weapons and return to the United States without incident . Tahmooressi told CNN that 's "  a lie . " "  That 's not true at all . They never told me anything of that sort , " he said . Tahmooressi said the Spanish translator provided to him at the border added to the confusion in communication . "  After I had got off the phone with 911 and I felt like there was no one there to help me , I even told them , I said , ` You can take my guns , take my truck and take all my possessions , just let me go back to America . ' And they shook their head no in frustration . " Asked by CNN if he believes he should receive punishment for his mistake , Tahmooressi said no . "  I feel like the punishment was never necessary from the beginning . But once the  Mexican  military people got involved , they were like , ` Look what we found , we found these guns , good for us . Let 's get this guy incriminated . ' There was some good people at the border who were going to do the right thing , and that 's how it should have been from the start . " As for what he needs most right now , Tahmooressi said , "  I just need the people to keep on praying for me . I think that should help . There 's really nothing else besides that that I need , " he said . "  My court date is on Wednesday . Once the judge gets to hear me out , I think it should go well . And I think it should n't be too much longer  that I will be in prison  after that , I hope . " Marine says he 'd walked into Mexico before his arrest on gun charges Opinion : Should Marine be in Mexican prison ?	` I 'm not as down as I once was , " Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi tells CNN He hopes Wednesday hearing will bring his release from prison where he 's spent three months Tahmooressi was arrested in March for crossing into Mexico with three firearms He says he took a wrong turn and would never consider trafficking in guns
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In the usually sleepy world of Hong Kong stock exchange filings , a new document is gaining attention for its unintentionally hilarious descriptions of nightclub life . The 378-page prospectus lays out the risks and potential rewards of investing in a new stock offering for "  Magnum Entertainment Group Holdings , " the owner of three nightclubs in Hong Kong . In doing so , the document puts exact definitions on terms that may seem obvious to anyone who has ever stayed out past midnight . Clubs , for example , are defined as establishments that include "  a dance floor and high-energy music . " The prospectus elaborates , explaining that "  they are equipped with DJ booths where music that is intended to motivate customers to dance is played , and the volume of such music is usually high . " Club-goers apparently tend to buy lots of beverages , including champagne and something called a cocktail , which is "  generally known as alcoholic beverages served by glass and prepared by bartenders mixing different alcohol and ingredients . " Want to understand more late-night lingo ? The prospectus tells us "  there has been a trend of ` club-hopping ' developing in Hong Kong in recent years which means customers have the tendency to visit multiple clubs in one night . " VIPs are given special privileges , including free entry , discounts and other perks . "  For instance , the managers of the Clubs may assist VIP Customers to store their unfinished bottle of liquor or wine upon request . " Another great revelation ? In addition to liquor licenses , Hong Kong clubs are required to have "  dancing endorsements . " Without such permission , it seems the club could turn into a scene out of "  Footloose . " Of course , the prospectus is n't supposed to be a guide to Hong Kong nightlife . The document is aimed at potential shareholders , not potential clubgoers . With Magnum shares already trading at nearly twice the offering price , those investors may be laughing all the way to the bank .	Prospectus on three nightclubs in Hong Kong contain descriptions of nightlife Document defines terms that may seem obvious to anyone Clubs defined as establishments with "  a dance floor and high-energy music "
CNN  -- Hill Harper , star of the CBS series "  CSI : NY , " founded the Manifest Your Destiny Foundation to empower young people through mentoring , scholarship and grant programs . Harper , who is also a best-selling author and a graduate of Harvard Law School and the Kennedy School of Government , served on the Blue Ribbon Panel that selected this year 's Top 10 CNN Heroes . He recently spoke to CNN about the Heroes campaign and his philanthropy . Below are excerpts from that interview . CNN : Why did you decide to name your organization the Manifest Your Destiny Foundation ? Hill Harper : Well , the name comes from the subtitle of my first book -LSB- "  Letters to a Young Brother : Manifest Your Destiny " -RSB- and so what I wanted to do was take some of the profits from that and create this foundation . I started to find that a lot of our young people just do n't have mentors . They do n't have individuals to help them navigate their journey . "  Manifest your destiny " means what it is : If you have a dream , if you have a goal , let 's figure out how to get you there . The foundation started in 2005 , and to date we 've had 120 kids go through the program . But we 've had nearly 2,000 kids be touched by the program , whether it 's us going out and speaking to groups of kids and donating books or having them come to our toy drives and then getting some kind of lessons . CNN : One of your programs specifically targets teens between eighth and ninth grades . Why is that ? Harper : I 'm very proud of the Summer Empowerment Academy because , if you look at the data with the dropout rates , a lot of times you can predict who 's not going to make it through high school . An eighth-grader , coming out with a 2.8 -LSB- grade-point average -RSB- or below , their chance of dropping out of high school -- if you 're a male , particularly an African-American male -- is almost 80 percent . And so we want to catch these kids who are potentially falling through the cracks as they make this transition , to really bolster their foundation for getting through high school and getting on to college . It 's free to all the students . Right now it 's in Los Angeles alone , but we 're looking to expand it nationally . CNN : Did you have any mentors who helped you succeed ? Harper : My father , obviously , and my mother were inspirations . My uncle , Frank Harper , he was an absolute mentor for me . I had a professor in college , professor Martin Martell , he pushed me . He said I was n't working hard enough even though I was doing well , and he said : "  Well is n't good enough . We want you to excel . We want you to be excellent . " So I had people who really pushed me , and most of us , we either rise or fall based on the expectations that are placed upon us . And I think there 's too many of our young people out there where we 're not expecting enough of them . We 're expecting less . And even when we look in the mirror , oftentimes we 're expecting less and less of ourselves . And so what 's that about ? So I really am in that camp of "  let 's go for it . " Let 's go big . Dream big , and then double your dreams , and you still have n't dreamed big enough . CNN : Turning to CNN Heroes , what was it like being on the Blue Ribbon Panel ? Harper : I really enjoyed it . It was very humbling but at the same time inspiring , because everyone -- even the individuals that were n't ultimately chosen -LSB- for the Top 10 -RSB- -- were very inspiring . It reinforces that there are so many out there doing good things for others that you 'd never know about or hear about . That 's why CNN Heroes is a very special and a much-needed thing . CNN : You 've been to "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " before . How does it compare to other awards shows you 've been to ? Harper : I love it because you get into Hollywood awards season and oftentimes it feels like Hollywood is giving Hollywood awards . This is giving out awards to people who are n't connected in any way shape or form to Hollywood or anything like that -- there 's no nepotism or old-boy or old-girl network . We are literally celebrating what 's best and what 's right , people who are serving others . I just really enjoyed being there . CNN : Why is it important to recognize everyday people changing the world ? Harper : Because at the end of the day , that 's the only way the world is going to change . Change happens from the bottom up -- all of us as individuals deciding that we will and we do have an impact . We 've just come through voting season , and so many people think , "  My vote does n't matter . " What if the people who are CNN Heroes felt that way : "  I ca n't change the world . " These people prove that no matter how much you have or do n't have , you can have a positive impact and better the human condition and this world so we all win . Their image just reminds us of that and challenges me to be a better person . CNN : What is a hero to you ? Harper : For me , it 's someone who is living with courage . The root is ` cor ' which means heart , and to me all of the CNN Heroes represent courage because they are living from the heart . And that 's what they inspire me to do .	Hill Harper is encouraging youth through his Manifest Your Destiny Foundation The "  CSI : NY " star says we 're not expecting enough out of young people these days Harper says CNN Heroes inspire him to be better : "  Change happens from the bottom up "
If you 're on Facebook , a new video about your life went live online Tuesday . Yes , you . And you , and you and you . With the help of an automated tool , Facebook has created short , personalized video highlights for "  hundreds of millions " of its users . The 62-second clip notes the year you joined Facebook , then shows a handful of your most-liked posts and a seemingly random selection of your photos -- all set to instrumental music . To see yours , go to Facebook/lookback and admire , or cringe . Facebook posted the clips , titled "  A Look Back , " without fanfare Tuesday to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the social network , which was founded by Mark Zuckerberg and four classmates at Harvard University on February 4 , 2004 . "  People often ask if I always knew that Facebook would become what it is today . No way , " wrote Zuckerberg , the company 's CEO , in a Facebook post Tuesday . "  I remember getting pizza with my friends one night in college shortly after opening Facebook . I told them I was excited to help connect our school community , but one day someone needed to connect the whole world . " 10 years of Facebook in one graphic The videos are available to everyone who uses Facebook in English , Spanish , Italian , German , French , Turkish , Indonesian and Brazilian Portuguese , a Facebook spokesperson told CNN . Depending on how much content you have shared and how long you have been on Facebook , you will either see the personalized video , a collection of photos or a simple thank-you card , the spokesperson said . Facebook said users will be able to share the video on their pages after 12 noon ET on Tuesday . The videos will only be available for about a month unless you share them on your Timeline . Only you will be able to view your video if you do n't share it . If the clip contains posts you 'd prefer to keep private , you can edit them via an "  Edit Your Movie " button , the spokesperson said . "  It 's been amazing to see how all of you have used our tools to build a real community . You 've shared the happy moments and the painful ones , " Zuckerberg said . Facebook has created personalized slideshows for users , but this project marks the first time the company has made customized videos . A small team at Facebook spent the last few months crafting the videos and ensuring the company had the resources to render them for most of the network 's 1.2 billion users . From "  overshare " to "  unfriend , " 9 ways Facebook changed how we talk	Facebook has created a customized video for most of its 1.2 billion users The video shows a handful of your most-liked posts and some of your photos Tuesday marks the 10th anniversary of the social network
CNN  -- Eight American soldiers died of overdoses involving heroin , morphine or other opiates during deployments in Afghanistan in 2010 and 2011 , according to U.S. Army investigative reports . The overdoses were revealed in documents detailing how the Army investigated a total of 56 soldiers , including the eight who fell victim to overdoses , on suspicion of possessing , using or distributing heroin and other opiates . At the same time , heroin use apparently is on the rise in the Army overall , as military statistics show that the number of soldiers testing positive for heroin has grown from 10 instances in fiscal year 2002 to 116 in fiscal year 2010 . Army officials did n't respond to repeated requests for comment on Saturday . But records from the service 's Criminal Investigation Command , obtained by the conservative legal group Judicial Watch , provided glimpses into how soldiers bought drugs from Afghan juveniles , an Afghan interpreter and in one case , an employee of a Defense Department contractor , who was eventually fired . The drug use is occurring in a country that is estimated to supply more than 90 % of the world 's opium , and the Taliban insurgency is believed to be stockpiling the drug to finance their activities , according to a 2009 U.N. study . While the records show some soldiers using heroin , much of the opiate abuse by U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan involves prescription drugs such Percocet , the Army documents show . Judicial Watch obtained the documents under the Freedom of Information of Act and provided them to CNN . Spokesman Col. Gary Kolb of the International Security Assistance Force , the NATO-led command in Afghanistan , verified the documents to CNN on Saturday . One fatal overdose occurred in June 2010 at Forward Operating Base Blessing , after a soldier asked another soldier to buy black tar opium from a local Afghan outside the base 's entry control point . The first soldier died after consuming the opium like chewing tobacco and smoking pieces of it in a cigarette , the documents show . The reports even show soldier lingo for the drug -- calling it "  Afghani dip " in one case where three soldiers were accused of using the opiate , the Army investigative reports show . The United States has 89,000 troops in Afghanistan . The U.S. death toll since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks that triggered the war has risen to more than 1,850 , including 82 this year , according to the U.S. Department of Defense and U.S. Central Command . Tom Fitton , president of Judicial Watch , said his group was interested in soldiers ' drug use partly because the risk was present during the Vietnam War . "  You never want to see news of soldiers dying of drug use in Afghanistan , " Fitton said . "  Our concern is , will the military treat this as the problem that it is , and are the families of the soldiers aware of the added risk in this drug-infested country ? "  There is a dotted line between the uses . Prescription abuse can easily veer into heroin drug use , " Fitton added . "  Afghanistan is the capital of this opiate production and the temptation is great there and the opportunity for drug use all the more . " The group is concerned that "  there has n't been enough public discussion , and we would encourage the leadership to discuss or talk about this issue more openly , " Fitton said . In one case , a soldier bought heroin and the anti-anxiety drug Xanax from five "  local national juveniles at multiple locations on Camp Phoenix , Afghanistan , and consumed them , " one report states . Soldiers also distributed heroin , Percocet and other drugs among themselves , according to the reports . Another soldier fatally overdosed in December 2010 after taking several drugs , including morphine and codeine , though the drugs were not prescribed for him , the Army documents show . One female soldier broke into the Brigade Medical Supply Office at Forward Operating Base Shank and stole expired prescription narcotics including morphine , Percocet , Valium , fentanyl and lorazepam , the documents show . The investigative reports show soldiers using other drugs , including steroids and marijuana , and even hashish that was sold to U.S. servicemen by the Afghan National Army and Afghan National Police personnel , the reports state . CNN 's Sarah Jones and Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	Eight soldiers died of overdoses involving heroin , morphine or other opiates in 2010-11 56 soldiers , including the eight , were investigated for using , possessing or selling the drugs More soldiers in the Army overall are testing positive for heroin use The Taliban are believed to be stockpiling opium to finance their activities , U.N. reported
CNN  -- Former world champion Jessica Ennis is one of Great Britain 's big medal hopes for the London 2012 Olympics . She has established herself as one of the top competitors in the seven-discipline heptathlon event , winning the gold medal at the 2009 World Athletics Championships in Berlin . A year later she added the World Indoor pentathlon title to a growing list of accolades , as well as the European heptathlon crown . Having started her senior athletics career in 2006 , Ennis immediately made an impact by taking bronze in the heptathlon at the Commonwealth Games in Melbourne , Australia . CNN 's Human to Hero series caught up with her during her preparations for her debut Summer Olympics in the UK capital . Early days "  I started athletics when I was 10 years old . At that stage it was just a great opportunity to go and make loads of good friends , run around , do things and try events that I really enjoyed . "  It was when I got to the age of about 14-15 that I got picked for my first Great Britain international and I saw a completely different side of athletics . Something that was my hobby now had a really competitive side to it and I thought this is something I really want to do for a long time . "  When I started I tried everything -- the coach I was with wanted me to keep my options open and try all the different events and see where my talent lay . He believed in me and believed I could be a good heptathelete so I decided to give them all a go . " Heroes "  I did n't particularly have one role model growing up . I remember watching a number of British athletes compete , it was a generation where every athlete was doing well -- Seb Coe , Steve Backley , Mick Hill , Sally Gunnell -- they inspired me . "  But I 'm really inspired by the people around me . My family , my parents who introduced me to the sport and really got me where I am today . " Career high "  Winning the gold medal at the  2009  world championships in Berlin after the previous year missing the  Beijing  Olympics through injury . That was a real highlight of my career . " Ennis ' tally of 6,731 points saw her finish 238 points ahead of second-placed Jennifer Oeser from Germany and 260 ahead of Poland 's Kamila Chudzik . Career low "  2008 was a really tough year . I was in great shape and really looking forward to my first Olympics . Then I picked up this injury that meant I would have to miss it . "  It was a real disappointment . It was the first major injury I had had as an athlete and it made me questions a lot of things and I felt really unlucky and it was really , really disappointing . It was hard to get myself up after that . " In May 2008 , Ennis withdrew from a heptathlon competition complaining of pain in her right foot . A scan revealed three stress fractures . Sporting philosophy "  As a sportsperson you have massive highs and lows throughout your career . But it 's having the people , the support around you to get through those low points and really enjoy the high points . You 've got to work for them , you 've got to expect that they are going to come . It 's just about working through  low points  because you always come out the other end and that makes  winning  that little more sweet . " London 2012 "  It 's a very surreal year for all the British athletes , I think . It 's something we 've not experienced before and it 's going to be great . "	British heptathlete Jessica Ennis is one of the favorites to take gold at the London Olympics Biggest inspiration in her career are her family who "  got me where I am today " Missed out on Beijing Olympics through injury ; London her first time competing at games
CNN  -- In what 's believed to be the first case of its kind , the same-sex spouse of a member of the military will be buried in a national cemetery . "  I am deeply grateful to my country for honoring and respecting my years of service and my relationship with Nancy , the love of my life , " said retired Lt. Col. Linda Campbell , a veteran . "  Willamette National Cemetery is a beautiful , peaceful place . Knowing that Nancy and I can join my parents on that hallowed ground is a source of great comfort and healing , " she said . Nancy Lynchild , Campbell 's partner , died in December of metastatic cancer . Military extends some benefits to same-sex partners The cemetery is located southeast of Portland , Oregon . The Department of Veterans Affairs released a statement , saying Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric K. Shinseki used his discretionary authority in the case . "  This was the first non-Veteran partner of the same gender he was asked to consider , this is the first he has approved . It 's important to note that the Secretary did not base his decision on the individual 's marital status or state recognized relationship status , but rather based it , in part , on evidence of a committed relationship between the individual and the Veteran , " it read . His decision applies just to Campbell and Lynchild ; it does not represent an official change in policy . Though gay people can now serve openly , the military does n't formally recognize same-sex marriage under the federal Defense of Marriage Act . The divisive act , which was passed in 1996 , bars federal recognition of same-sex marriages and says other states can not be forced to recognize them . During her 25-year military career , Campbell served in the National Guard and Reserve . She was an Air Force recruiter , a military aide to the Oregon governor and served on the Governor 's Military Advisory Council . During the Vietnam War , her duties included Air Force casualty notification for Colorado . Lynchild worked as a home repair specialist and as director of housing with the Housing and Community Services Agency of Lane County , Oregon , according to a statement from Campbell , Oregon Sen. Jeff Merkley and Oregon Labor Commissioner Brad Avakian . The senator applauded the secretary 's decision . "  I can only hope that this historic moment is just the first of many for same-sex couples across the nation . All our veterans deserve the honor of being buried in a national cemetery with their partners by their side , " he said . Marine Corps to spouse clubs : Allow same-sex members or you do n't operate on base CNN 's Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	The Secretary of Veterans Affairs uses his discretionary authority to permit the burial It 's believed to be the first of its kind involving the same-sex spouse of a military veteran Oregon senator hopes case "  is just the first of many for same-sex couples across the nation "
Wired  -- Twitter launched a new service on Wednesday called the Twitter Political Index , or Twindex . By applying highly tuned algorithms to Twitter 's fire hose of data , the service offers a real-time look at voters ' moods , and scores which presidential candidate is trending up  and who is trending down  day to day . Twindex is a joint effort between Twitter , Topsy , and two polling groups , the left-leaning Mellman Group and the more conservative NorthStar Opinion Research . The collective goal is to dive into Twitter 's deep trove of data , and pull up insights faster than Gallup and other traditional polling companies . Expect to see Twindex results referenced in all political news and commentary as we head into the presidential election . Welcome to the age of big political data . In 2008 , Twitter co-founder Ev Williams walked into the then-tiny Twitter office 's very small conference room , and saw something remarkable : a way for Twitter to track what people were saying about the upcoming presidential election in real-time . â $ ¬ The company had contracted Jeff Veen 's Small Batch to build a site that could show how people were talking about the election . And on this day , Veen was in the office to show what he 'd come up with , a subdomain on Twitter -- election.twitter.com -- that could track trending terms and follow message volumes about the various political candidates . When Veen 's technology went live a few weeks later , it gave everyone a window into the vital discussions happening on Twitter . Williams was positively giddy . It was , Williams explained to Wired , a glimpse of what Twitter could be . This was in Twitter 's salad days , literally , when the most common knock on Twitter was that it offered little more than people boasting about what they ate for lunch . "  In the future , Twitter will be less personal , " Williams explained . "  Less about status , even . It will be more about what 's happening with trends and events . " When election day rolled around in November 2008 , Twitter had one of its biggest traffic days ever . Users posted some 1.8 million tweets . The mood at the company headquarters that night was ebullient . Sure , there were plenty of happy Obama supporters present , but mostly the team was excited because its servers stayed up under the load . As results came in , cheers went up as the team announced not who won the election , but tweet volumes . Today , both the election site and the server load seem quaint . 1.8 million tweets ? Twitter now does that every six minutes . And while that early election site was fun to look at and very interesting , it was n't truly useful for drawing insight . Twitter 's sample size was simply too small . But now , four years later , all of that has changed . Twitter is a big data company now . By its own reckoning , it has some 140 million active monthly users  outside estimates place it at 170 million  who tweet some 400 million times a day . And very , very many of them are talking politics . Now , with help from Topsy , Mellman and NorthStar , Twitter has found a way to extract voter sentiment from those conversations , measure it , and return a daily number . These results track very closely with the Gallup approval rating polling data . Here 's how it works . Topsy uses Twitter 's high-volume fire hose of data to look at every tweet in the world , and establish a neutral baseline . Separately , it looks at all the tweets about Barack Obama and Mitt Romney , runs a sentiment analysis on them , and compares this analysis to the baseline . It looks at three days ' worth of tweets each day , weighting the newer ones higher than then older ones . It then returns a numerical score for each candidate based on how tweets about the individual compare to all tweets as a whole . A completely neutral score would be 50 . Anything above that is a net positive , while lower is a net negative . So , for example , if Obama has a score of 38 , that would mean that tweets about him are more positive than 38 percent of all other messages on Twitter . The project began when Twitter noticed that conversations about candidates on its own feeds accurately foreshadowed voter sentiments showing up in traditional polls . For example , during a FoxNews debate broadcast in which viewers were asked to rate candidates ' responses as either "  answer " or "  dodge , " Twitter saw a profound uptick in positive responses about Newt Gingrich . A few days days later , Gingrich was indeed moving up in the polls , but Twitter could see this shift in real-time , much , much earlier , during the debate . Similarly , in the run-up to the Michigan and Arizona primaries , Twitter saw Mitt Romney 's follower count surge , while Rick Santorum 's sputtered out . When the election results came in , they confirmed what Twitter was seeing internally : Its own social media provided an inside line on what voters were thinking . So Twitter began working with polling groups and Topsy to look into the political data buried in the din of constant online chatter -- they wanted a better way to measure the sentiment voters were expressing in real-time . Topsy would look at every single tweet sent in the world , every day , and create a three-day average baseline . It created an algorithm to understand which tweets skewed positive and which were negative . Together , Twitter and Topsy built a keyword engine , and via repetitive , ongoing spot checks by human observers , they found their algorithm would generate voter-accurate results 90 percent of the time . And that was just the beginning of a refinement process . Every time they ran the data set against human curators and found differences , they were able to improve the algorithm . What Twitter eventually built was the Twindex . It did n't rely on questions , and could be generated in real-time . And when Twitter compared the Twindex for Obama with Gallup 's approval rating , the graph was remarkable . "  We pulled this up and said ` Oh , I think we 're onto something , ' " says Adam Sharp , Twitter 's head of government news and social innovation . "  At first glance , you can readily see some parallels in the data . " As it continued to refine its methods , Twitter found that it had an increasingly strong correlation with Gallup polling data . But more interesting , obviously , is where the numbers diverge . "  If the dials are pointing in different directions , people are saying one thing to pollsters , and another in conversation , " explains Sharp . "  That is where the Twitter index is providing a real service to journalists , because it 's where we are saying we do n't have a complete picture , and need to be asking better questions . " Twitter attributes some of this to the differences between ongoing conversations  Twitter  and specific responses to specific questions  traditional polling  . For example , in the weeks after Osama Bin Laden was killed , there was a discrepancy in what Twitter and Gallup found . A possible explanation of this is that voters might have answered approval rating poll questions very positively in the weeks after the raid , but in ongoing conversations with each other on Twitter , sentiment focused more on normal , day-to-day concerns about the economy . Twitter hopes to apply the Twindex to other issues -- including , of course , analyzing sentiment around brands . But it 's also hopeful that others will take its findings and run with them . "  One of the reasons why we partnered with Topsy was because a secondary goal was to boost the ecosystem around big Twitter data , " says Sharp . "  To demonstrate the data was big enough , and show that it was available via existing entirely publicly available data . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Twitter launches a political index , called "  Twindex , " on Wednesday Twindex shows voters ' moods in real-time The index is a joint effort between Twitter , Topsy and polling groups Twitter has 140 million active monthly users who tweet some 400 million times a day
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Pamela Anderson is splitting from husband Rick Salomon just months after marrying him for a second time , her publicist said Tuesday . The "  Baywatch " actress and Playboy model filed for divorce in Los Angeles , but she 's not sharing details of their irreconcilable differences . "  We ask the media to please respect Pamela and her family 's privacy during this time , " a statement from Anderson publicistÂ Ann Gurrola said . Anderson , 47 , first married Salomon , who had been a longtime friend , in 2007 . The couple divorced in 2008 . The two remained "  best friends with benefits , " Anderson said last year after they were spotted together on a beach . Anderson revealed last January that she had retied the marital knot with Salomon , saying she was "  very happy . " Mounties check Pamela Anderson 's sex abuse allegations This would be Anderson 's fourth divorce . She previously married and divorced musicians Tommy Lee and Kid Rock -- one time for each . Salomon , 46 , was previously married to actresses Shannen Doherty and Elizabeth Daily . Salomon 's biggest claim to fame -- or infamy -- may be his 2003 performance opposite Paris Hilton in a sex tape distributed under the title "  1 Night in Paris . " Paris Hilton on sex tape : ` I 'll never be able to erase it '	The "  Baywatch " actress asks for privacy about her split from Rick Salomon Anderson and Salomon are longtime friends and twice married to each other She said they were "  very happy " when she revealed they remarried last January She previously married and divorced musicians Tommy Lee and Kid Rock
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The Israeli military 's firing of white phosphorus shells over densely populated areas during the Gaza offensive "  was indiscriminate and is evidence of war crimes , " Human Rights Watch  HRW  said in a report on Wednesday . Human Rights Watch says Israel used white phosphorus shells over populated areas in Gaza . "  In Gaza , the Israeli military did n't just use white phosphorus in open areas as a screen for its troops , " said Fred Abrahams , a HRW senior emergencies researcher . "  It fired white phosphorus repeatedly over densely populated areas , even when its troops were n't in the area and safer smoke shells were available . As a result , civilians needlessly suffered and died . " Entitled "  Rain of Fire : Israel 's Unlawful Use of White Phosphorus in Gaza , " the 71-page report provides "  witness accounts " and "  presents ballistics evidence , photographs , and satellite imagery , as well as documents from the Israeli military and government . " HRW is an independent international organization dedicated to defending and protecting human rights . The group urged Israel and the United States to investigate the attacks . Israel should prosecute those who carried them out and the U.S. government , which supplied Israel , should look into the issue . HRW said white phosphorous was a chemical substance dispersed in artillery shells , bombs and rockets , used primarily to obscure military operations . "  While  it is not considered a chemical weapon and is not banned per se , it ignites and burns on contact with oxygen and creates a smokescreen at night or during the day to mask the visual movement of troops . "  It also interferes with infra-red optics and weapon-tracking systems , thus protecting military forces from guided weapons such as anti-tank missiles . When WP comes into contact with people or objects , though , it creates an intense and persistent burn . It can also be used as a weapon against military targets , " the group said . In response , the Israeli military said "  smoke shells are not an incendiary weapon " and defended its actions . The Israel Defense Forces said it was close to completing its probe into "  the use of ammunition containing elements of phosphorous . " "  The invesitgation  is dealing with the use of ammunition containing elements of phosphorous , including , among others , the 155mm smoke shells which were referred to in the HRW report . This type of ammunition disperses in the atmosphere and creates an effective smoke screen . It is used by many Western armies . "  It is already possible to conclude that the IDF 's use of smoke shells was in accordance with international law . These shells were used for specific operational needs only and in accord with international humanitarian law . The claim that smoke shells were used indiscriminately , or to threaten the civilian population , is baseless , " the IDF said . It said "  that weapons intended for screening are not classed as incendiary weapons . " But Abrahams said past IDF investigations into allegations of wrongdoing suggest their inquiry would be neither thorough nor impartial . "  That 's why an international investigation is required into serious laws of war violations by all parties . "  For the needless civilian deaths caused by white phosphorus , senior commanders should be held to account , " Abrahams said . The report said white phosphorus munitions were n't illegal when deployed properly in open areas , but it determined that the IDF repeatedly used them "  unlawfully over populated neighborhoods , killing and wounding civilians and damaging civilian structures , including a school , a market , a humanitarian aid warehouse and a hospital . " "  First , the repeated use of air-burst white phosphorus in populated areas until the last days of the operation reveals a pattern or policy of conduct rather than incidental or accidental usage . Second , the IDF was well aware of the effects of white phosphorus and the dangers it poses to civilians . Third , the IDF failed to use safer available alternatives for smokescreens , " the report said . A medical report prepared during the recent hostilities by the Israeli Health Ministry said that white phosphorus "  can cause serious injury and death when it comes into contact with the skin , is inhaled or is swallowed . " The report said that the IDF could have used a non-lethal smoke shells produced by an Israeli company if it wanted to provide a "  smokescreen " for its troops . Israel launched the offensive in late December to take on militants from Hamas , who had been shelling southern Israeli communities for months from Gaza . The offensive , called Operation Cast Lead , was launched December 27 and ended January 17 with a cease-fire . Of the 1,453 people estimated killed in the conflict , 1,440 were Palestinian , including 431 children and 114 women , a U.N. report recently said . The 13 Israelis killed included three civilians and six soldiers killed by Hamas , and four soldiers killed by friendly fire , it said . HRW also said it found no evidence that the Hamas militants Israel was targeting in Gaza were using human shields "  in the vicinity at the time of the attacks . " Israel has said Hamas militants used civilians as human shields and fought from civilian locations , HRW points out . "  In some areas Palestinian fighters appear to have been present , but this does not justify the indiscriminate use of white phosphorus in a populated area . "	Israel 's use of phosphorus shells over during Gaza offensive "  indiscriminate " Human Rights Watch says shelling "  evidence of war crimes " Group says phosphorus shells cause an "  intense and persistent burn "
CNN  -- One of two 12-year-old Wisconsin girls accused of stabbing a third girl repeatedly after reading online horror stories is not competent to stand trial , a doctor reported to the court handling the case . But the court-ordered report on Morgan Geyser 's competency -- mentioned in a hearing in Waukesha on Wednesday -- is n't the final word on the matter , as Judge Michael Bohren granted the prosecution a chance to challenge the finding in an August 1 hearing . Also Wednesday , Bohren granted the prosecution 's request for doctors to examine Geyser again , this time to determine whether she has a "  mental disease or defect " that could have an impact on the case . Prosecutor Susan Opper requested the new examination , noting that the competency report does n't address whether Geyser is mentally ill . Further details about the report are n't publicly available , as the court has sealed it . Geyser and Annisa Weier are charged as adults with attempted first-degree intentional homicide , accused of stabbing a 12-year-old schoolmate in a Waukesha park 19 times and leaving her to crawl to her own rescue in late May . After being hospitalized for days , the victim is recuperating at home , her family has said . Both defendants were silent , handcuffed and wearing blue jail clothes , as they attended separate procedural hearings Wednesday morning . Neither defendant has entered a plea , as lawyers for both sides have tried to deal with Geyser 's competency and procedural matters ahead of an official preliminary hearing . Both are being held with bail set at $ 500,000 . Weier 's attorneys have n't asked the court to determine whether she is competent , but her lawyer Joseph Smith Jr. told Bohren on Wednesday that he reserved the right to do so . Weier 's defense team has said it will try to move her case to juvenile court , and Smith said Weier 's competency could come up as part of that attempt . Like Geyser , Weier is next due in court August 1 , when Weier 's attorneys are expected to tell Bohren how much more time they need to prepare for a plea hearing . Bohren ordered that the new report on Geyser 's mental health be completed before her August 1 hearing . Authorities said one of the girls held the victim down while another stabbed her 19 times on May 31 , allegedly so that the girls could impress a fictitious , ghoulish Internet character called Slenderman . The victim was taken to a hospital after a passing bicyclist found her , police said . The suspects were arrested hours after the victim was discovered , according to a criminal complaint . One of the girls encountered the name on a website known as Creepypasta Wiki , authorities said . One of the suspects allegedly told police that Slenderman is the site 's supposed leader , and to climb into his realm , a user must kill someone . Slenderman stabbing case : When can kids understand reality vs. fantasy ? Parents , take heed : ` Slenderman ' and more lurk online Fund for the victim CNN 's Shawn Nottingham contributed to this report .	Prosecutors to challenge decision , ask for further examination Two 12-year-olds charged with attempted first-degree intentional homicide Police : Girl was stabbed 19 times at a park in Waukesha , Wisconsin , in May Victim , 12 , is recuperating at home
CNN  -- The alleged leader of a firearms trafficking network believed to be smuggling guns into Mexico -- where police say they are used against law enforcement officers by members of Mexican drug cartels -- was arrested Thursday in Arizona , authorities said . Victor Varela was arrested by the ATF as part of the agency 's ongoing Project Gunrunner . Victor Varela was arrested by the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives as part of the agency 's ongoing Project Gunrunner , according to an ATF release . He was in the custody of the Maricopa County , Arizona , sheriff . "  Law enforcement officers disrupted a group of gun traffickers and recovered several weapons , including .50 - caliber semiautomatic rifles and several handguns , allegedly intended to supply drug traffic organization members of the Juarez Cartel in Palomas , Mexico , " the statement said . In state charges , prosecutors allege Varela and his co-defendants bought a number of guns in Arizona intending to supply the Mexican cartel members . The group allegedly transported the illegally purchased guns to New Mexico , and then into Mexico . A .50 - caliber weapon is the largest that can legally be bought in the United States , and is illegal in Mexico . Authorities believe a .50 - caliber weapon was used in recent months to kill Francisco Ledesma Salazar , a police commander in Juarez , Mexico . He is among five high-ranking Mexican police officials killed this year in what Mexico authorities describe as an escalating war between police and drug cartels . Last week , 2,000 troops were sent to Juarez by the Mexican government in an effort to quell the violence there , which has claimed some 200 lives since January . Guns are difficult to buy legally in Mexico , but can be obtained just north of the border at gun shows and gun shops . Project Gunrunner was launched as an effort to help Mexican police by cracking down on illegal smuggling of guns and ammunition , and has led to several arrests and seizures . Watch how the weapons fuel a little-known war " "  This case was made one of our highest priorities because of the nature of the crime alleged to be committed by Varela , " U.S. Marshal David Gonzales said in the ATF release . Guns featured in a CNN Special Investigations Unit report last week , confiscated by Juarez police , are believed to have been smuggled into Mexico by Varela , according to an ATF spokesman . Authorities said one recent discovery , in a storage locker in Yuma , Arizona , yielded 42 weapons and hundreds of rounds of .50 - caliber bullets already belted to be fed into a machine gun-style weapon , as well as Fabrique Nationale pistols , semiautomatic handguns that fire a 5.7-by-28-millimeter round . "  What 's interesting about this gun , why it 's in high demand , is the nickname that it has in Mexico , " said William Newell , ATF special agent in charge , about the Fabrique National pistol . "  It 's called ` mata policias , ' or ` cop killer . ' " Charging documents allege that Varela was attempting to buy a fully automatic M-60 machine gun for a drug cartel associate in Palomas , authorities said . "  Additionally , a number of firearms recovered by Mexico law enforcement ... allegedly were trafficked by Varela 's gun smuggling network , " the ATF statement said . U.S. authorities are sharing intelligence with their Mexican counterparts to assist in ongoing investigations , the ATF said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's John Murgatroyd and Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	Suspect is alleged leader network believed to be smuggling guns into Mexico Last week , 2,000 Mexican troops were sent to Juarez , Mexico , to quell violence Mexican drug cartels blamed for killings of police officers ATF : U.S. authorities sharing intelligence with their Mexican counterparts
CNN  -- I think it 's fair to say that most of us have been absolutely horrified by the plight of tens of thousands of Haitians this month . A massive earthquake is always devastating , but for such carnage and misery to be wrought upon a people who already had nothing seems especially cruel . It was 0100 GMT when I went on air , the aftershocks were both frequent and significant , and from the Tweets I read there was a sense of utter panic and fear on the streets . The pictures have been absolutely heartbreaking , and the stories our crews have reported from all over the country have been terribly moving . I wanted to do something to help . For some reason I was especially moved when Anderson Cooper dragged that bleeding boy out of the street - a young boy who was stunned and panicked and terribly vulnerable - and I realized that I had something I could contribute . Click here to place a bid on the Open flag Item number : 250569560734 Years ago , when I was the Living Golf anchor , I was looking to collect something unusual for a charity auction . As it happens , the auction was cancelled and since then I had largely forgotten that I had something of value and unique at the back of my wardrobe . The British Open , one of golf 's most illustrious competitions , is never more special than when held at St Andrews , the so-called "  home of golf . " Every professional wants to be "  Open Champion " and of the last seven tournaments to be played up there , many of the champions have been legends of the sport . Jack Nicklaus won it twice , as did Tiger Woods . Seve Ballesteros and Nick Faldo complete the roll-call of champions who have already made it into the pantheon of greats . It struck me that to get all four to autograph a replica flag from the 2005 Open would be pretty special . Seve  1984 winner  obliged me in Tenerife later that year , with a signature as flamboyant as many of his shots . Tiger  2000 and 2005 winner  added his name when we met in Dubai the next year . Faldo  1990 winner  and I live in the same town but our paths never seemed to cross when they needed to and so I posted the flag to his management company and from somewhere on his global travels he obliged . My colleague Justin Armsden interviewed Nicklaus  1970 and 1978 winner  at The Old Course and , though Jack had n't bargained on signing any autographs that day , Justin 's producer Andrea Mortensen bagged the all important tag . So , just to recap , some of the greatest names in golf have signed this unique memento . Also up for auction are the Xeroxed scorecards of all four players when they last all played the St Andrews Open in 2000 . They are perfectly reproduced . You 'll see Tiger 's winning round , counter-signed by another Open Champion David Duval and another card is counter-signed by a man who was n't yet a major winner , Angel Cabrera . You 'll note the meticulous nature of Faldo 's game , every hole is neatly ticked off and appropriately , there 's even a squiggle and a correction on the card of American John Daly , the only Open champion at St Andrews since 1970 that I was unable to persuade to sign the flag . But maybe his autograph absence and messy scorecard are in keeping with the erratic character we have come to know and love ! This year just so happens to be the 150th anniversary of The Open at St Andrews and so it 's appropriate to auction the flag and the cards in 2010 . But Haiti is the true motivation for the sale . It is right because they desperately need help . All proceeds of the sale will go to a charity called Plan International , who have been working in Haiti for over thirty years . The donation will support their emergency relief and recovery work there with children and their communities ; helping the most vulnerable and the very people who are the country 's future . I hope you will bid on the flag , and if not please help spread the word of the sale so that we can get a really good price for it . It deserves a good home , and the auction will help ensure a brighter future for many children in their darkest hour .	CNN 's Don Riddell persuaded the greats of golf to sign a replica flag from the St. Andrews British Open of 2005 The flag , signed by Tiger Woods , Jack Nicklaus , Seve Ballesteros and Nick Faldo , is to be auctioned on eBay Register your bid to help raise money for those in need in earthquake-hit Haiti
It 's only going to get worse unless you give us more money , administration officials warned Thursday about the flood of Central American children illegally entering the United States from Mexico . Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told the Senate Appropriations Committee that $ 3.7 billion in emergency funding requested by President Barack Obama anticipated up to 90,000 of the unaccompanied minors this fiscal year , which ends September 30 , and another 145,000 in fiscal year 2015 . So far , the 57,000 who crossed the Texas border in the past nine months have overwhelmed the immigration system , causing overcrowded holding facilities and a huge backlog of cases awaiting hearings that can take years to schedule . "  Doing nothing is not an option , " Johnson said , noting the increased demand for his department 's services would cause U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to run out of money next month while Customs and Border Protection would burn through its annual funding by mid-September . Emergency funding The emergency money sought by the President would hire more border patrol officers , judges and others to deal with the unprecedented influx from Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador while providing more detention facilities and other resources -- all designed to speed up the processing of the child immigrants . However , the deep partisan divide over the immigration issue set up a certain congressional battle over the funding . Earlier Thursday , House Speaker John Boehner erupted in anger over what he called Obama 's lack of leadership on the issue , telling reporters that "  this is a problem of the President 's own making . " "  He 's been President for five and a half years , " the Ohio Republican thundered . "  When is he going to take responsibility for something ? " After Obama 's Texas trip , what now for the immigration crisis ? While motivated in part by the rolling TV cameras , Boehner 's outburst also responded to salvos fired at him by Obama on a two-day trip to Texas -- the epicenter of the immigration influx -- in the endless effort to gain political advantage . Seeking political advantage On Wednesday night , Obama told reporters in Dallas that Republicans put party gain over progress in resolving what the White House calls an urgent humanitarian situation -- tens of thousands of unaccompanied minors overwhelming the immigration system after illegally entering the United States in recent months . "  The problem here is not a major disagreement around the actions that could be helpful in dealing with the problem , " he said , but whether Congress would "  put the resources in place to get this done , " adding : "  Are folks more interested in politics , or are they more interested in solving the problem ? " Texas Gov. Rick Perry and other Republicans lashed out at Obama , particularly his decision not to tour overcrowded border facilities while in Texas to see for himself the human side of the situation . "  The American people expect to see their President when there is a disaster , " Perry told CNN 's Kate Bolduan in an interview that aired Thursday , citing Obama 's trip to the East Coast to tour damage caused by Superstorm Sandy in 2012 . "  He showed up at Sandy . Why not Texas ? " Texas governor lashes out at Obama over immigration crisis ` Go down there and see what we 're facing ' Even some Democrats were critical of the decision . Texas Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar told CNN 's "  New Day " that it 's important for Obama to see what the children are going through . "  I 'm interested in him looking at the kids . The kids that I 've talked to , little innocent little boys and girls that have come across and have traveled over 1,000 miles , that a third of the girls have been abused and raped on the way up here , " he said . "  The last young kid was an 11-year-old little boy from Guatemala that died of dehydration . That is the face that I want him to see . Do n't take any cameras , Mr. President , but go down there and see what we 're facing . " Obama said Wednesday that visiting facilities where the children are processed and detained would be little more than a photo opportunity . "  There 's nothing that is taking place down there that I am not intimately aware of and briefed on . This is n't theater . This is a problem , " he said . Other Democrats from states bordering Mexico questioned Obama 's handling of the problem , indicating major challenges for the emergency funding sought by the President . Immigration limbo Obama called on Congress to quickly approve the $ 3.7 billion in additional money this fiscal year to deal with the crisis , which has left tens of thousands of new undocumented immigrants in a kind of immigration limbo . A lot of them surrendered themselves to Customs and Border Protection officers on the belief they will be allowed to stay in the country , and officials have struggled to house the children amid a staggering backlog of immigration cases . To Boehner and other Republicans , Obama gets the blame because of his past decision to halt deportations of some young undocumented immigrants . "  On our southern border , we 've got a true humanitarian crisis underway with children caught in the middle , " Boehner said , adding that Obama 's actions "  gave false hope to children and their families  that  if they entered the country illegally , they would be allowed to stay . " Criticized by Obama for preventing a House vote on a Senate-passed immigration reforms that would provide a path to legal status for millions of undocumented people living in America , Boehner said he wanted the House to take up legislation addressing the current influx before it goes on recessin August . However , he made clear Obama 's emergency funding plan would get serious scrutiny , saying : "  We are not giving the President a blank check . " Is the immigration crisis Rick Perry 's second act ? Process overwhelmed Obama administration officials blame the influx on dire conditions in Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador , the three countries of origin for most of the new child immigrants . They note that people from other countries do n't join the influx , saying that showed it involves those fleeing bad conditions in the three Central American nations . To Boehner , Perry and other Republicans , the administration invited the problem . "  The children are a symptom of policies that have enticed them to come , " he said . "  The first thing you have to do is stop the flow , because if we do n't , then the problem 's not going to be the size we have today . " Republicans have called for the repeal of a 2008 law signed by President George W. Bush that requires deportation hearings before sending back children from countries that do not border the United States . "  I do n't think we can solve the problem unless we revisit " the law , Texas Republican Sen. John Cornyn said . "  What 's happened is these children are placed with family members in the United States and given a notice to appear for a later court hearing . Some have called this a notice to disappear , not a notice to appear , " as most do n't show up , he said . Another Republican , Sen. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin , said the United States should immediately fly the children back to their home countries . It would cost less and signal U.S. intolerance for those who enter the country illegally , he argued . Cornyn and Cuellar planned to introduce legislation Thursday to alter the 2008 deportation hearing provision . The bill , Cuellar said , will include protections for children who come to the United States because of concerns about drug or sex trafficking . Democrats want to keep the law intact to ensure that children who deserve asylum receive a full hearing . Funding breakdown Obama 's emergency funding request seeks $ 1.6 billion to bolster customs and border efforts as well as crack down on smugglers . Another $ 300 million would go to help Mexico and Central American governments counter claims by smugglers to desperate parents that U.S. officials wo n't send their children back . "  While we intend to do the right thing by these children , their parents need to know that this is an incredibly dangerous situation and it is unlikely that their children will be able to stay , " Obama said . The request also includes $ 1.8 billion to provide care for unaccompanied children crossing the border . Overall , it amounts to about 10 % of the $ 30 billion in proposed border security funding included in the immigration reform bill passed by the Senate but stalled in the Republican-controlled House . 5 things you need to know about the immigration crisis What Obama can and ca n't do on immigration One night in Denver : The President and governor walk into a bar	Officials plan for 90,000 child immigrants this year , more in 2015 President Obama , House Speaker Boehner clash over immigration politics Obama does n't visit troubled border area during Texas trip Obama wants $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds to deal with the crisis
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A request by Casey Kasem 's children that a temporary conservator be appointed for their ailing father was denied by a judge on Tuesday . Kasem 's daughter Julie Kasem and her husband filed a conservatorship petition in a Los Angeles court last month , claiming the retired radio host "  has been isolated from his daughters , friends and other family " by his wife . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Lesley Green ruled Tuesday that Kasem , 81 , was being well cared for by his wife , Jean Kasem . "  As my clients have n't had the opportunity to see their father for some months now , they were happy to learn through investigation of the court appointed expert and the probate investigator that their father was being physically well taken care of , " said Andrew Katzenstein , the lawyer for Julie Kasem . Kasem , who for decades hosted radio music countdown shows "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 , " is suffering from Parkinson 's disease and "  may have early onset Parkinson 's dementia , " according to a court filing . He retired in 2009 . The children , who have been fighting with their stepmother , are hoping they can soon see their father , Katzenstein said . While they have not spoken to her , their lawyers are discussion a visitation plan , he said . "  Also they were happy that the judge focused her attention on the important issue of visitation , " he said . "  Mr. Kasem has a long strong and loving relationship with his adult children and we are continuing to try and reach resolution with the other side so visits can begin again . " Green will hold another hearing on December 20 to decide if she will appoint a permanent conservator . Kasem has the "  ability to shuffle short distances , but is mainly bedridden and requires the assistance of a wheelchair to move any distance , " a court document said . The petition claims that daughter Julie Kasem and her husband , Dr. Jamil Aboulhosn , have been unable to check on Kasem 's health even though her father signed papers in 2007 giving them the power of attorney over his heath care in the event he was unable to make his own health decisions . They "  have been prevented from exercising their duties " by Jean Kasem , who has been married to the retired radio host for three decades , the filing contends . "  There is no communication between Jean and us and his daughters , " brother Mouner Kasem said Saturday . "  We have no knowledge of how he is , what he 's doing , if he 's better , if he 's worse , and we 're scared that we 'll never see him again . " The petition claims Kasem 's wife has refused to provide the children with the name of their father 's primary care physician . That doctor would be consulted to determine Kasem 's "  ability to act on his own behalf , " which is the question that would cause the health care power of attorney to take effect , it said . Daughter Kerri Kasem said last month that her stepmother suddenly barred her sister , her uncle and some of Kasem 's friends from seeing him about three months ago . She said she was perplexed by the decision . "  I do n't get it , I do n't understand it , " said Kerri Kasem , who co-hosts the radio show "  Sixx Sense " with Motley Crue 's Nikki Sixx . "  He has Parkinson 's , and all the research we 've done indicates socialization would help him . " CNN has reached out to get a statement from Jean Kasem , but has been unsuccessful . Kerri Kasem and other members of the family held a protest at Kasem 's Holmby Hills house to raise public attention to their dispute last month . The fight is not about an inheritance , Kerri Kasem said . "  My dad told us a long time ago we were not in the will , and we 're OK with that . We 've known that for years , " she said . "  I 've never asked him for anything , nor have I asked Jean for anything . " Don Pitts , Kasem 's agent of more than 35 years , said he did not want to take sides in the argument , but he did say Casey is still of sound mind . "  He has Parkinson 's , has it very bad . It took his speech , and for somebody who made millions of dollars using his voice -- for him to lose that gift , that beautiful instrument -- it must be frustrating . But he 's handling it very well , " Pitts said . "  His mind is very sharp , his brain works well . You can tell in his eyes he understands everything you 're saying . He just has trouble translating it from the brain to his vocal cords . " Besides the famed countdown shows , Casey Kasem was also the voice of Shaggy in the cartoon "  Scooby Doo " and an announcer for NBC . He was a popular DJ and occasional actor before "  American Top 40 " began in 1970 . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Kasem 's daughter and her husband filed a conservatorship petition last month Kasem 's daughters claim his wife is isolating the retired radio host from family and friends A hearing on a permanent conservatorship is set for December Kasem ca n't speak and "  may have early onset Parkinson 's dementia , " a filing says
Mission accomplished -- Team USA booked its place in the last-16 of the World Cup after escaping from one of the tournament 's toughest groups . Jurgen Klinsmann 's men slumped to a 1-0 defeat by Germany in Thursday 's final Group G game but still qualified despite Portugal defeating Ghana 2-1 . Thomas Muller 's second-half strike condemned the U.S. to defeat following a rain-soaked contest in Recife . But Cristiano Ronaldo 's late strike for Portugal inflicted defeat on Ghana and ensured the Americans qualified in second place on goal difference . The U.S. will now travel to Salvador where its opponent will be Belgium on Tuesday , while Germany will face Algeria on Monday . For Klinsmann , a man who won the 1990 World Cup as a player with West Germany and coached the national side to the semifinals in 2006 , this was always going to be an emotional occasion . Sitting on the U.S. bench just meters away from his old friend Joachim Low , the man who worked as his assistant eight years ago , the game had plots and sub-plots galore . "  We created too few chances , but it 's still fantastic to go through , " Klinsmann said . "  Everybody said we had no chance , but we 've taken it and we 're now in the last 16 . " Any friendship or sentimentality was soon forgotten as the two teams went toe-to-toe in a heavyweight battle . Played in monsoon-like conditions , both sets of players struggled to find any rhythm in the first half . The buildup to the game was disrupted by heavy rain in Recife which left fans wading through flooded roads on the way to the stadium . Traffic was brought to a standstill by floodwaters while family members of the U.S. team were unable to attend because of the adverse weather conditions . Germany , which thrashed Portugal 4-0 in its opening game before being held 2-2 by Ghana , began in confident fashion and dominated possession . But Team USA , marshaled by the impressive Omar Gonzalez , looked more than comfortable as the rain continued to lash down . Despite being forced to sit back and soak up pressure early on , it was the U.S. which created the opening chance of the first half when Graham Zusi sent a curling effort just over the crossbar . Germany , playing without a recognized striker , enjoyed plenty of possession in front of the U.S. defense but rarely managed to find a way through . And when it did , goalkeeper Tim Howard was on hand to ensure Mesut Ozil 's effort was blocked , after the Arsenal player momentarily eluded his marker . Germany changed tactics after the interval with the introduction of veteran striker Miroslav Klose -- the man who stands joint-top in the World Cup goalscorers ' chart with 15 to his name . And it was the 36-year-old who almost made the breakthrough just minutes after interval but could only plant his header wide after meeting Muller 's cross . As Germany continued to push forward , the U.S defense began to drop deeper and deeper . And with 10 minutes of the second half played , Germany finally got the breakthrough it had threatened . Defender Per Mertesacker sent a thumping header towards goal and while Howard managed to beat the ball away , Muller fired home the rebound from the edge of the penalty area . It was a magnificent strike from Muller , an effort which left Howard with absolutely no chance as it flew through a clutch of players and into the corner of the net . It put the German joint top scorer at Brazil 2014 alongside home hero Neymar and Argentina 's Lionel Messi . Trailing by a single goal , news began to filter through that Ghana had moved level against Portugal , with Asamoah Gyan canceling out John Boye 's first-half own-goal . Gyan is now Africa 's all-time leading scorer at the World Cup with six , having passed Cameroon 's Roger Milla . With its future in the tournament hanging by a thread , the U.S. produced a battling performance with former Germany international Jermaine Jones and Kyle Beckerman snarling at the heart of the midfield . But with 10 minutes remaining , Ronaldo 's strike in Brasilia left Ghana with a mountain to climb -- though it was n't enough to prevent an early trip home for Real Madrid 's world player of the year . That did n't prevent the U.S. piling forward in search of an equalizer though and both Alejandro Bedoya and captain Clint Dempsey came close to scoring at the death . "  We were dominant , " said Muller , who scored five goals at the 2010 World Cup , where Germany lost in the semifinals . "  All the Americans did was sit back deep in their own half , and when that happens , it just becomes a patience game . "  But sometimes even I manage to have a bright idea -- I spend the whole day training like I 'm obsessed anyway . "	Team USA qualify for last 16 despite 1-0 defeat by Germany Thomas Muller 's fourth goal of the tournament seals victory Portugal defeats Ghana 2-1 to finish third Germany wins group with USA second on goal difference
CNN  -- I 'll Have Another , the winner of this year 's Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes , is out of Saturday 's Belmont Stakes because of a leg injury and has been retired from racing , his team said . Trainer Doug O'Neill said the 3-year-old colt began developing tendonitis in his left foreleg . He called the development "  freakish . " "  Yesterday , he galloped great , but the afternoon we noticed some loss of definition in his left front leg to which , like every other owner and trainer , we prayed he just kind of hit himself and it was just a little bit of skin irritation . "  We did him up in a special poultice . This morning , he looked great , so I thanked the racing gods there , and we did just a little easy gallop with him today . I thought he looked great on the track , and then cooling out , you could tell that swelling was back and at that back , I did n't feel very good . " Animal welfare activists : Horse racing industry needs reform O'Neill got a veterinarian to examine the horse , and he determined the injury was "  the start of tendonitis in his left front tendon . " O'Neill said the horse could have rested for several months and got started again . But he said I 'll Have Another has "  done so much that it was unanimous " among the owners and trainers "  to retire him . " "  It is a bummer , " O'Neill said . "  Far from tragic , but it is very disappointing . " J. Paul Reddam , the owner , thanked his training team and said , "  it was a hell of a run . " "  I know they 're all personally very disappointed , of course , that he did n't get to show his stuff . " The coulda , woulda , shoulda Triple Crown winners Reddam thought the horse , purchased last year for $ 35,000 , would race and "  really show something . " "  So we were all a bit shocked , but we have to do what 's best for the horse , and if he ca n't compete at the top level , you know , he 's done enough , " Reddam said . The colt and jockey Mario Gutierrez would have made a run for horse racing 's first Triple Crown in 34 years . Since 1990 , only seven horses have won the first two legs of the title . Gutierrez and I 'll Have Another will lead the post parade for the Belmont Stakes on Saturday , the New York Racing Association said . I 'll Have Another was "  lightly raced " and competed in only two prep races leading up to the Derby . He competed in the shadow of Bodemeister , who was predicted to win the Kentucky Derby . SI : Scratch at Belmont another big blow to racing The horse 's only disappointing appearance was at Saratoga for the Hopeful Stakes in September . The Belmont is considered to be the longest and most grueling of the three Triple Crown races . The horses run one complete lap over 1Â 1/2 miles . The Derby is 1Â 1/4 miles , and the Preakness is 1 and 3/16 miles . The Triple Crown did not acquire its name until Sir Barton won all three races in 1919 . Just 11 horses have won the prestigious honor , most recently in 1978 , when Affirmed grabbed the title . Only two other Derby and Preakness winners were unable to run in the final leg of the Triple Crown : Burgoo King in 1932 and Bold Venture in 1936 . Three decades stand out as having multiple Triple Crown winners : the 1930s with three winners , the 1940s with four and the 1970s with three , most notably Secretariat in 1973 . Secretariat also set the world record in 1973 , winning the Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths and running the course in 2 minutes , 24 seconds . Overheard on CNN.com : If wishes were horses , ` Another ' Secretariat would rise Since the 1970s , a few horses have come close to winning the Triple Crown . In 2004 , the largest crowd in New York Racing history , 120,139 people , attended the Belmont to see Smarty Jones attempt the 12th Triple Crown win . Smarty Jones finished second . In 2003 , favored Funny Cide finished third in his attempt . Most recently , Big Brown 's Triple Crown hopes were dashed in 2008 . The scratch leaves a field of 11 in which Dullahan , the third-place finisher in the Kentucky Derby , is the new morning-line favorite . Dale Romans , Dullahan 's trainer , called the news "  devastating . " "  I thought it was going to be one of the biggest races in history , and we wanted him to be a part of it , " Romans said . The race will take place at approximately 6:30 p.m. ET at Belmont Park in Elmont , New York . SI : Photos from Triple Crown near misses The time leading up to the Belmont Stakes has not been without controversy . A workers strike at Belmont Park was averted this week . The racetrack 's workers , who manage the grounds and put the horses in the gate , have been involved in a contract dispute with the New York Racing Association over wages and health care since 2010 . I 'll Have Another 's trainer will begin his 45-day suspension , handed down by the California horse-racing authorities , on July 1 . O'Neill was found responsible for high carbon dioxide levels in 2010 California Del Mar track racer Argenta 's blood . However , he was not found guilty of "  intentional acts " or any sign that betting was skewed toward Argenta in the race . Despite that , O'Neill was still able to participate in the Stakes this weekend . After the news of I 'll Have Another 's scratch , New York Racing Association Chairman Steven Duncker said he was disappointed for fans and the sport of thoroughbred racing . "  But the most important concern is always the health and well being of the horses . Although there will not be a Triple Crown coronation , we are still looking forward to what will be a terrific day of racing at Belmont Park , " he said . CNN 's Ashley Strickland and Richard Roth contributed to this report .	Owner says , "  it was a hell of a run " The horse has "  the start of tendonitis , " the trainer says I 'll Have Another would have made a run for the first Triple Crown since 1978 The Belmont race takes place at 6:30 p.m. Saturday
Atlanta  CNN  -- A Georgia banker who went missing last month is being sought by federal authorities for allegedly embezzling millions of dollars from a south Georgia bank . Aubrey "  Lee " Price , 46 , is charged with wire fraud , and is suspected of defrauding more than 100 investors of at least $ 17 million over the course of two years , a criminal complaint from the U.S. attorney 's office in the Eastern District of New York , said . In late 2010 , Price was celebrated by his peers and written up in newspaper articles after a company he controlled bought a controlling portion of the troubled Montgomery Bank & Trust in Ailey , Georgia . He was supposed to invest the bank 's capital . Instead , prosecutors say Price used a New York-based "  clearing firm " -- a dummy company set up to hide money -- to cover up fraudulent wire transfers and investments . Montgomery Bank & Trust in Ailey -- about 170 miles southeast of Atlanta -- had been in operation for nearly 90 years when it was closed Friday by the state of Georgia , with the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation named as receiver . The FDIC said Ameris Bank in Moultrie , Georgia , would take over operations of Montgomery 's accounts and its two branches . Price disappeared about two weeks ago after telling his friends he had lost "  a large sum of money through his trading activities , " the complaint said . The complaint quoted a letter purportedly written by Price in June to acquaintances and business associates . Price indicated he planned to commit suicide off the Florida coast by "  jumping off a ferry boat , " the complaint said . But federal investigators , including the FBI , believe Price , who owns property in Venezuela and Guatemala , may be on the run . FBI Special Agent Michael Howard said in the complaint that investigators believe Price "  may own a boat that would be large enough to travel to Venezuela from Florida . " Price was last seen in Key West , Florida , in mid-June , and "  despite a recent search by the  U.S.  Coast Guard , Price 's body has not been recovered , " the complaint said . Prosecutors say airline records indicate Price had returned to the United States from a trip to Venezuela on June 2 . "  Certainly we are receiving any information that arrives locally , but any updates or comments would have to come from the U.S. attorney 's office in New York , " Stephen Emmett with the FBI Atlanta Field Office told CNN on Sunday . There was no one available for comment in the New York U.S. attorney 's office Sunday . If tried and convicted , Price could face up to 30 years in prison .	Aubrey "  Lee " Price is suspected of defrauding more than 100 investors of at least $ 17 million Price , 46 , was last spotted in Key West , Florida , in mid-June Federal investigators believe Price , who owns property abroad , may be on the run He purportedly said in a letter he planned to commit suicide by "  jumping off a ferry boat "
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Five militants were killed in the volatile eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk on Monday after they took part in a large coordinated assault on a border guard base , an official at the Ukrainian State Border Guard Service told CNN . Also Monday , the White House announced Vice President Joe Biden would lead a U.S. delegation to Ukraine to attend the inauguration of Petro Poroshenko as president on Saturday . The attacks in Luhansk began early Monday when least 100 militants tried to storm the border unit on the southern edge of the city , said Oleg Slobodyan , the spokesman for the Ukrainian State Border Guard Service . The guards repulsed the first few attacks , but then the militants changed positions and began to shoot from inside nearby buildings where local people live , Slobodyan said , adding that the attackers were n't letting residents out of their homes . He said border guards were refraining from returning fire because they did n't want to cause civilian casualties . As of 9 a.m. local time  2 a.m. ET  , an estimated 500 militants were still attacking the base , Slobodyan said . Fighters observed a roughly 20-minute truce in the afternoon for the removal of injured militants and border guards , the border service 's website said . Five militants were killed and eight were wounded in the fighting , Slobodyan said . Eight border guards have also been wounded in the fighting , Slobodyan said . It was not immediately possible to independently confirm the casualty numbers . Video from the scene shows at least one rocket landing on the edge of the compound . The separatist unrest that has gripped Ukraine in recent weeks has been centered in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk . Ukraine 's military sent air support for the border guards Monday , but residents ' proximity to the guards ' base "  limits the full-scale use of the military aviation , " said Vladislav Selezhnev , a spokesman for the Ukrainian government 's Anti-Terrorist Operation . Still , the military was able to take out two mortar sites from the air , he said . Meanwhile , seven people were killed Monday by an explosion at the regional government building in Luhansk , health officials said . Journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Vice President Biden to attend inauguration for new Ukrainian president NEW : Seven people die in explosion in government building in same city Five militants have been killed , the State Border Guard Service says The militants are shooting from nearby residential buildings , the official says
CNN  -- When a website that claims more than a half-billion monthly visitors gets hacked , users pay attention . So when we wrote Thursday about hackers who published login information for more than 450,000 Yahoo users , readers had plenty to say about it . Dozens of your comments hovered around a central theme : Who still uses Yahoo anyway ? Selendis said : "  hmmm , I may be on that list . except that it would be so old , the email and password would n't get you anywhere . have not logged into a yahoo account in years . do n't even remember what email address it would have had . " Maekju80 : "  I 'm surprised that many people still use Yahoo . Wonder if those same users still have 8-Track tapes too ? " prelude066 : "  Who still has a yahoo account ? Over 50 year old white guys who have n't checked it in 6 years ... " Yahoo may not have the digital sex appeal it did back in the glory days of the '90s dotcom boom . And , to be sure , recent months have been tough on the venerable Web giant . The company cut 2,000 jobs in April as part of an overhaul by then-CEO Scott Thompson . Then , less than a month later , Thompson himself was out after the discovery that he had padded his resume with a phony college degree . But having been perhaps the Web 's first major portal , Yahoo holds onto a massive worldwide base of users . Its e-mail service is the world 's second-most popular , behind Microsoft 's Hotmail , although Google 's Gmail has been gaining big chunks of ground in recent years . Many of you blamed Yahoo for not having taken tougher security measures : Sixnard : "  What 's annoying is that there are companies who do this right , but so many other companies who are n't paying attention . Amazon , for example , assumes that their systems will be broken into despite all precautions , and it stores personal information encrypted and on separate servers so multiple break-ins and extensive correlation would be needed to obtain useful information . " They also report break-ins when they occur with full details , so anyone else who 's interested can take steps to prevent further exploits . People know how to do this , they just chose not to . In a written statement Thursday , Yahoo said they were fixing the exploit the hackers used and changing the passwords of users who were hit . They said that less than 5 % of the breached e-mail accounts had their active passwords attached to them . Some readers felt like the story was overblown and that hacks like this are , unfortunately , part of online life : garyguy : "  Seems only the biggies get headlines . Actually there were new reports today that an Android forum and an Nvidia forum were also hacked . It 's getting to the point where you 'll need a password to use your password . " Cat Nippy : "  There are always security risks in technology and communication . That does n't mean we should all retreat to the Dark Ages and start sending out information on stone tablets . Over-react much ? " And , of course , some of you decided to have some fun with it : TwitHappens : "  Now someone can finally respond to that Nigerian lawyer who wants give me $ 12 million if I just give him my checking acct number ... " Richard Williams : "  Oh great now someone is going to make fantasy football trades without my knowledge " Finally , on a more useful note , many readers wanted to know where they could find out if their account was one of the ones that was compromised . CNN Tech is not linking to the hackers ' Web page . But security firm Sucuri Labs has created a page with a tool it says will tell users whether their e-mail address was leaked .	CNN readers respond to news of hackers who exposed 450,000 Yahoo accounts Many felt Yahoo could have done more to prevent the leak Others say the story was overblown , that hacks are a part of online life Many jokesters say : People still use Yahoo ?
CNN  -- The Southeast is among the areas of the United States with the highest concentration of cases of HIV and AIDS , according to a new online tool called the National HIV/AIDS Atlas . In this map of AIDS prevalence rates in the Southeast , red represents the highest  0.593 percent or greater  . AIDS experts in the region say that access to health care , especially when it comes to screening , is a major problem in rural communities . In the Southeast , people with HIV tend to get tested late , after they have become sick , partly because of stigma , said Kathie Hiers , executive director of AIDS Alabama in Birmingham . "  If you look at access to health care and almost any kind of health care report card , the South is the worst , " she said . With little or no public transportation , people in non-metropolitan areas are at a disadvantage when they need to see a particular kind of doctor , experts say . There is also a shortage of doctors who deal with HIV in the region , Hiers said . These problems also resonate with Georgia 's rural communities , which represent 39 percent of the HIV/AIDS burden in the state , said Raphael Holloway , director of the HIV Unit at the Georgia Division of Public Health . The remaining 61 percent of people living with HIV or AIDS are in the metro Atlanta area . "  In some districts , for example , there may be 10 counties within that health district but only one infectious disease doctor that people can access for care and services , " he said . It is also difficult to get HIV education to people in rural areas , he said . Of the 29 states reporting county-level data for the National HIV/AIDS Atlas , Georgia had more counties than any other state with the highest levels of HIV and AIDS prevalence . Although this does not represent a comprehensive national assessment , Georgia ranked fifth in reporting of new AIDS cases in 2007 , behind Texas  fourth  , Florida  third  , New York  second  and California  first  , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The Northeast also has a heavy burden of HIV/AIDS cases nationally , atlas collaborators said . Other states with high numbers of counties with high HIV prevalence included Florida , New York and South Carolina . The atlas , the first of its kind to map out HIV and AIDS at the level of counties , launched in time for Saturday 's HIV/AIDS Testing Day . The National Institutes of Health is encouraging everyone age 13 to 64 to get tested for HIV as part of routine health care . "  Not knowing one 's HIV status endangers one 's health and the health of one 's sexual partners . By getting tested for the virus and learning one 's HIV status soon after infection , treatment can begin early , substantially delaying the development of HIV-related illness and prolonging life , " said Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . The National HIV/AIDS Atlas allows users to explore the prevalence of HIV and AIDS in any region of the United States . The map , a project of the National Minority Quality Forum , encompasses all 50 states , the District of Columbia , Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands . The more red a region appears , the greater the prevalence , which is the ratio of the number of people living with the disease at a given time to the total number of people living there at that time . Users can look at rates of disease by gender , race/ethnicity and age group in regions where this information is available . The map also has different settings for HIV and AIDS , the more severe illness caused by the HIV virus . They can also zoom into counties and , for New York City only , ZIP codes . About 33 million people have HIV/AIDS worldwide as of 2007 , according to the World Health Organization . The CDC estimates that 1.1 million Americans have HIV and that 56,300 new infections occurred in the United States in 2006 . Nearly 75 percent of HIV/AIDS diagnoses among adolescents and adults in that year were for males . People who worked on the atlas project were surprised at how concentrated HIV and AIDS are in certain U.S. counties . "  Being able to look at all the data in this way reminds us that the HIV epidemic is not uniformly distributed throughout the U.S. , " said Patrick Sullivan , associate professor of epidemiology at Emory University , who collaborated on the atlas . The atlas also reflects the disproportionate number of African-Americans who have HIV and AIDS . "  You can see at the level of the national map that there 's so much variation in the U.S. about which groups have been impacted , " Sullivan said . Demographics and county-level data are not available for some states , or parts of some states , because of the way these places report data by region , researchers said . These areas appear as gray when users zoom in . Some places also appear gray because the disease case count is so low . The atlas is based on data from public health departments from 2006 , the most recent available . Collaborators say they hope to update the maps when new data become available . The atlas , which launched Monday morning , had about 100,000 visitors by Tuesday afternoon , and more than 10,000 people completed the free registration in that time , said Gary Puckrein , executive director of the atlas project . To find an HIV testing facility near you , visit www.hivtest.org .	HIV epidemic is not uniformly distributed throughout the U.S. Disproportionate number of African-Americans have HIV/AIDS Atlas is based on data from public health departments from 2006
CNN  -- An indictment unsealed in New York Tuesday provides further evidence of links between al Qaeda affiliates in Somalia and Yemen , a growing concern to counter-terrorism officials . And the indictment also sheds light on the Obama administration 's policy on how to handle terror suspects detained overseas . The indictment charges Ahmed Abdulkadir Warsame with providing material support to the extremist group Al-Shabaab in Somalia , and to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  in Yemen . He is also charged with conspiring to teach and demonstrate the making of explosives . If convicted , he faces a mandatory life sentence . Warsame , a Somali national , was captured by U.S. forces on April 19 in what the U.S. attorney 's office in New York describes only as "  the Gulf region . " He was interrogated overseas for "  intelligence purposes " for two months before finally being transferred to FBI custody and brought to the United States Tuesday , when he made an appearance in federal court . During that appearance , he pleaded not guilty , according to Ellen Davis , spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office . Warsame was held on a U.S. Navy ship in the Gulf region after his capture until being brought to New York for Tuesday 's court appearance , according to the attorney 's office . Neither the indictment nor the accompanying press release disclosed where the interrogation took place , but there is a substantial U.S. naval presence in the Arabian Sea . According to the indictment , Warsame , said to be in his mid-20s , provided material support for Al-Shabaab , which controls large areas of central and southern Somalia . He also provided the group with explosives , weapons and communications equipment . He also spent time in Yemen in 2010 and earlier this year , allegedly receiving explosives and other training from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which in the past two years has emerged as one of the most active parts of the organization . Unconfirmed local reports in Somalia have spoken of Al-Shabaab boats leaving Kismayo for southern Yemen as Islamist groups there -- including al Qaeda - have taken advantage of a growing political vacuum . Warsame is also alleged to have tried to broker a weapons deal with AQAP on behalf of al Shabaab . Both groups are designated as terrorist organizations by the United States . U.S. officials have recently spoken of growing links between Al-Shabaab and AQAP , and their ambitions to hit targets overseas . A joint Pentagon-CIA task force has recently stepped up pressure on Al-Shabaab , visiting Somalia to gather intelligence against the group . Late last month a U.S. drone strike against an al-Shabaab camp near the southern port of Kismayo is said to have killed several militants . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	A federal indictment is unsealed against a Somali man facing terrorism charges Ahmed Abdulkadir Warsame was captured by U.S. forces in April He is charged with providing support to extremist groups in Somalia and Yemen Warsame pleads not guilty at a hearing in New York
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It 's Geek Pride Week in Atlanta as thousands of fans take over four downtown hotels for Dragon * Con , an annual celebration of science fiction , fantasy , comics and gaming . Karen Lee and husband Dillan dressed like comic book characters for Dragon * Con in Atlanta , Georgia . Where else -- OK , other than San Francisco or New Orleans -- are city streets shut down for a ragtag parade of zombies , superheroes , robots , Klingons and Middle Earth dwellers ? Where else can comic book collectors rub shoulders with movie stars , vampires , alternate-history speculators and Harry Potter look-alikes , all while taking part in a lively game of Godzilla Bingo ? The whole thing is a bit of a shock to college football fans in town for the season-opening game between Alabama and Virginia Tech , one of whom called it a "  freak show . " But those aliens grow on you after a while . "  At first I thought it was really strange , " Hokies fan Emily Nardone of Ashburn , Virginia , said . "  But now I see everybody 's having so much fun . And I enjoy looking at the freaks . " One Dragon * Con "  freak " getting a lot of looks was Karen Lee of Cullman , Alabama . She was dressed a dramatic , cleavage-baring winged costume inspired by "  Dawn " comic book artist Joseph Michael Linsner . Lee made the costume by hand at home . "  My living room is completely demolished , " she said . Her husband , Dillan , made up as the Batman character Two-Face , said he could attest to the condition of the living room . Lee is entered in a Dawn look-alike contest with a top prize of $ 1,000 . "  The theory behind the concept of Dawn is just paying homage to women of all shapes and sizes , " she said . "  She can be blonde , brunette or redhead . So basically , it 's just inviting women to get up there and do their interpretation of what they think beauty in women is . " iReport.com : Share your pics and videos from Dragon * Con Fashion augmented with gadgetry is what drew Pendleton , South Carolina , librarians Gypsey Teague and Marla Roberson to a Dragon * Con workshop on Steampunk costuming . Steampunk is sci-fi set in a Victorian aesthetic . Think pearl-handled , brass-barreled ray guns . The movies "  League of Extraordinary Gentlemen " and "  Wild Wild West " are examples of the genre . "  Anything your imagination can come up with , you can do , " Roberson said as she marveled at a vendor 's shoes that had little copper boilers and compasses on them . But it seems there 's a certain element of snobbery in Steampunk . A crew of Steampunk pirates entered the room , decked out in their tricorn hats and eye patches . Teague was not impressed . "  Where 's your molecular destabilizer ? " she sniffed . Out in the hallway , Steampunk time travelers Candace and Kane Bacon were just arriving . They 're new to the game , but Kane had a copper staff with dials on top and a big metal backpack with dials and knobs strapped to his back . A large brass key dangled from the sash around Candace 's waist , and she carried a basket of dinosaur eggs they 'd found . "  Some of it we had just -LSB- lying -RSB- around the house , antique stuff , " Candace said . "  Other parts we got from Lowe 's . The backpack is made from radio parts ; my dad is in the radio business , and he got some old radio parts for us . And yard sale gadgets . " She said she was a Steampunker before she knew what Steampunking was . Watch the Dragon * Con parade " "  I 'd always liked Jules Verne and H.G. Wells , that type of stuff , " she said . "  I decorated my living room in antiques and like , old compasses , and I did n't realize that that was Steampunk until we actually got here " to last year 's Dragon * Con , she said . The Johnson City , Tennessee , couple chose to forego the hotels and stay with a friend just outside Atlanta and ride MARTA , the public rail system , in to the convention . MARTA 's central Five Points station was peopled Saturday morning with anime heroines , a wizardess with green lipstick and an incongruous ladybug who appeared to be about 8 years old -- all mingling with football fans , a few of whom were in pretty outlandish getups themselves . Watch Dragon * Con attendees in full regalia " There were no incidents , however , as intergalactic military police were on hand everywhere to maintain order . Back at the Marriott Marquis , thousands of attendees snaked through lobbies on several levels . Among them was Melinda Ellington , an international affairs student at Georgia Tech . She carried an orange and yellow parasol and wore a green jumpsuit as the spaceship mechanic Kaylee from the short-lived Joss Whedon TV series "  Firefly . " "  You meet anyone who likes ` Firefly , ' it 's weird because we immediately become like family , " she said on the hotel 's mezzanine . "  A very large , creepy , incestuous family , but family nonetheless . " In the lobby below her , a 20-piece brass band blasted a set of Henry Mancini show tunes while thousands of attendees filed past . They needed to keep moving , lest anyone be late for the Evil Geniuses for a Better Tomorrow Recruiting Session and Bake Sale .	Convention celebrates science fiction , fantasy , comics and games College football fans caught unawares by Atlanta , Georgia , "  freak show " Steampunk aficionado sneers at pirates ' lack of molecular destabilizer
CNN  -- You voted : he won . Revered by the masses of moviegoers worldwide , it came as no surprise that Martin Scorsese  "  Taxi Driver , " "  Raging Bull , " "  The Departed "  topped the Screening Room 's "  Directors Cut " poll . Martin Scorsese : You voted him best director in our Screening Room poll Walking away with 15 percent of your votes , Scorsese 's hard-hitting documentary style , quickfire editing , fondness for NYC backdrops and rapport with De Niro make him your top director . Born on November 17 , 1942 , as a child Scorsese struggled with his health . The movies -- along with the church -- became a haven for him . "  When I was a kid I had terrible asthma -- I did n't go out at all , " he told CNN at a masterclass at the 2007 Marrakech Film Festival . "  I was out on the streets , yes , but I was not athletic in any way and so the movie theatre was a refuge . " His love for the silver screen led him to devote his free time to watching movies wherever he could -- at the cinema and on TV at home . "  I do n't think I was ever happier than when I was alone in our 2 , 3-room tenement apartment on Elizabeth Street , " he recalls . "  My mother and father were at work , my brother was at work . I would come home from school in the afternoon and on television would be ` La Belle et La Bete ' by Cocteau , ` The Southerner ' by Renoir , Von Sternberg ... I would be doing little drawings of them like my own movies . And I never stopped doing that . " Even so , Scorsese almost did n't make it into the movies . Born into the devoutly religious Catholic community of Little Italy on New York 's Lower East Side and a devout Catholic , he studied for the priesthood , almost joining the seminary before his passion for filmmaking took his talents elsewhere . "  The ritual of the Catholic Church is important to me . I found it fascinating ; I found it moving ; I still find it fascinating , " he said . He entered NYU in 1960 as an undergraduate , where he was taught to make films about what he knew -- his own life . He was also very influenced by the cinema verité movement and the fly-on-the-wall documentary style that was just beginning to emerge at the time . This influence would show up again and again in his student films , and later in "  Raging Bull , " "  Taxi Driver " and "  Mean Streets . " Despite coming from a poor background and not having access to 8mm cameras like many of his university peers , Scorsese dove into film with a passion and was soon a star pupil . Head and shoulders above his classmates , he won every award and scholarship going . When Martin  known to his friends as Marty  Scorsese arrived in Los Angeles in 1971 he was an unknown . He hung out with other young actors and directors , among them Steven Spielberg and George Lucas , all hustling for their big break . Scorsese had made films before , notably a no-budget effort , "  Who 's that knocking at my door ? " with a young Harvey Keitel . But it was with "  Mean Streets " that Scorsese got his big break . "  Taxi Driver " followed three years later , while 1980 's "  Raging Bull " probably saw De Niro 's finest performance under Scorsese . Iconic and violent , 1990 's "  Goodfellas " featured top-drawer performances from Scorsese favorites , De Niro , Ray Liotta and Joe Pesci , while "  Casino "  1995  drew heavily on its predecessor , with a good measure of extra violence and an Oscar-nominated performance from Sharon Stone . More recently , "  The Aviator " paired Scorsese with Leonardo DiCaprio , Cate Blanchett and John C Reilly . But it was 2006 's "  The Departed , " a remake of Korean film "  Infernal Affairs " starring DiCaprio alongside Matt Damon and Mark Wahlberg , that broke the Oscar drought for Scorsese , at last winning him his gold statuette . When CNN asked him at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival what makes a great director , Scorsese said that it is something he finds hard to pin down . "  It 's very hard to make these value judgments , " he said . "  I think one key element in good and great is to have something to say , a voice . " But he added that skill in telling a visual story plays a large part . "  There are directors , filmmakers who simply  and it 's not simple at all  know how to put things in the frame , " he explained . "  They know how to keep a story going , fast and in such a way that and make it entertaining . It may not say much but there 's a technical skill that 's overwhelmingly difficult to master . " That 's a skill Scorsese has by the bucketload -- and one he revels in . "  The designing of the shots is something that I enjoy a lot , " he told CNN at Marrakech . "  It 's the biggest challenge ... When I design and edit a sequence , when I know a shot is going to go from shot A to B to C and then I 'll intercut shot C with B and D -- I get very excited about that , " he revealed . But his favorite part of filming remains the editing process . "  Editing takes me back to being alone and drawing pictures , " he explained . But his love for the edit suite caused friction early on in his career . "  I had to live in Los Angeles between 1970 and 1981 in order to get to make film and be introduced to the people who allowed me to make films , " he revealed , "  But I found that I had difficulty sometimes with the way some excellent editors resented the director in the editing room . " Scorsese is famous for his partnerships with leading actors , most notably Robert De Niro and , more recently , Leonardo DiCaprio . Shunned by the Academy for years , Scorsese finally snapped up his elusive Best Director Oscar for "  The Departed " in 2006 . Following his 2005 rockumentary on Bob Dylan , he has just completed "  Shine A Light , " a documentary following the career of the Rolling Stones . E-mail to a friend	Martin Scorsese topped the Screening Room 's "  Directors Cut " poll His lauded films include "  Mean Streets , " "  Taxi Driver , " "  Goodfellas " Scorsese finally won the Best Director Oscar for 2006 's "  The Departed "
Moscow  CNN  -- Police arrested at least 250 protesters and an opposition leader in Russia 's capital Tuesday in a second day of demonstrations against parliamentary election results . Protesters decried what they described as electoral fraud in Sunday 's national vote , which kept Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's party in power but significantly decreased the number of seats it holds in parliament . Boris Nemtsov , a former deputy prime minister turned vocal government opponent , told CNN he was among those detained at a rally . Putin 's United Russia party held a separate demonstration . Police said there were about 8,000 people there . Tuesday 's anti-Putin protests drew much smaller crowds than a similar rally in Moscow Monday , where thousands of demonstrators turned out for an event state news agency RIA Novosti described as the largest opposition demonstration in years . Protesters who turned out Tuesday were met with a firm response from security forces , who dispersed many and made arrests . But some analysts said the presence of protesters was a significant sign that could prove a turning point in Russian politics . Read Daniel Treisman 's piece on the significance of the election "  This is n't a surprise that the party got fewer votes . I think the real surprise are the number of people who went out on the street , " said Toby Gati , a senior international adviser at the Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld firm . As simmering anger over allegations of official corruption and economic stagnation appear to be boiling over , Putin has promised to make changes , including reshuffling his Cabinet . He said the losses his party suffered in Sunday 's elections were inevitable . "  They are unavoidable for any political power , especially a political power that has held the responsibility for the state of a country for some time , " he said after results were announced . One observer said Sunday 's election results , which left United Russia with a slim majority in the 450-seat house , signal that the leader 's grip on power was weakening . "  Whatever else they reveal , Sunday 's results undercut the image , common in the West , of Putin 's regime as an effective authoritarian state , " Daniel Treisman , professor of political science at the University of California , Los Angeles , wrote in a column for CNN . "  In fact , it is a regime that can not even steal an election decisively . " Demonstrators at post-election rallies in Moscow and other Russian cities criticized widespread reports of ballot-rigging . "  What you 're seeing ... are expectations of a middle class , of people who believe they have a right to participate in their political process . And the real tragedy of having people going out on the streets and express their frustration is that was the only avenue left to them , " said Gati , who helped develop the United States ' policy towards Russia during the Clinton administration . The opposition Other Russia party sent out invitations to the protest via Facebook under the title "  Is the Revolution Continuing ? Yes ! " But Matthew Rojansky , deputy director of the Russia and Eurasia Program at the Carnegie Endowment , cautioned that this week 's protests were fueled by the frustrations of a "  liberal fringe , " not the majority of the population . "  The bulk of Russians still have enough to lose right now in the system , and still have negative memories of the last time a government went down . They 're not terribly interested in feeding chaos , " he said . "  It 's not the Arab Spring on the streets of Moscow . " A preliminary report from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe on Sunday 's election said some political parties had been prevented from running and the vote was "  slanted in favor of the ruling party . " A draft report by the organization 's election-observer mission details alleged attempts to stuff ballot boxes , manipulate voter lists and harass election monitors . The group , which monitors and promotes democracy and human rights in Europe , cited the lack of an independent body running the election or impartial news media . And there was "  undue interference of state authorities " in the vote , the 56-member organization said in a statement . Speaking at a meeting of the organization in Vilnius , Lithuania , earlier Tuesday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton called for a "  full investigation " of reported fraud and intimidation in the elections , citing "  serious concern " about the vote . "  The Russian people , like people everywhere , deserve the right to have their voices heard and their votes counted , " Clinton said , as Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov looked on . "  And that means they deserve free , fair , transparent elections and leaders who are accountable to them . " Russia 's Foreign Ministry dismissed the criticism Tuesday , saying "  statements of U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton concerning the parliamentary elections in Russia , as well as similar comments of the White House and State Department officials , are unacceptable . " Russia expects that "  the U.S. will refrain from unfriendly invectives going against the common positive vector of development of our bilateral relations , " the ministry said in an online statement . Shortly after Clinton spoke , the Central Election Commission announced that Putin 's party suffered a large loss of seats in the election . United Russia will have 238 seats , down from more than 300 in the outgoing parliament , or Duma , Central Election Commission head Vladimir Churov announced , with 99.99 % of ballots counted . Meanwhile , the Communist Party will have 92 seats , A Just Russia will have 64 , and the Liberal Democrats will have 56 , Churov said . Alla Eshchenko and Phil Black reported from Moscow ; Elise Labott reported from Vilnius , Lithuania ; Matthew Chance reported from London ; Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta .	At least 250 people are arrested in a second day of demonstrations , police say An opposition leader is arrested at the rally , organized on Facebook Analyst : "  The real surprise is the number of people who went out the street " Vladimir Putin 's party will have 238 seats , down from more than 300 , officials say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- From Capitol Hill to Springfield , Illinois , President Obama and Congress paid tribute Thursday to Abraham Lincoln on the bicentennial of his birth . Visitors greet an Abraham Lincoln impersonator in Washington on Thursday . "  It is an honor to be here : a place where Lincoln served , was inaugurated , and where the nation he saved bid him a last farewell , " Obama said at the Capitol on Thursday . "  As we mark the bicentennial of our 16th president 's birth , I can not claim to know as much about his life and works as many who are also speaking today , but I can say that I feel a special gratitude to this singular figure who in so many ways made my own story possible -- and who in so many ways made America 's story possible . " White House officials say Obama 's speechwriter had several conversations with historian Doris Kearns Goodwin in crafting the speech . "  At a moment when we are far less divided than in Lincoln 's day but when we are once again debating the critical issues of our time -- and debating them sometimes fiercely -- let us remember that we are doing so as servants of the same flag , as representatives of the same people and as stakeholders in a common future . That is the most fitting tribute we can pay and the most lasting monument we can build to that most remarkable of men , Abraham Lincoln , " Obama said . Watch more on the Lincoln celebration taking place " Obama will also speak later Thursday at an event in Springfield . Throughout the 2008 presidential campaign , Obama -- a Democrat who hails from the Land of Lincoln -- reminded audiences from coast to coast about the similarities between himself and the beloved political leader . At his presidential acceptance speech in Chicago , Illinois , on November 4 , Obama used Lincoln as a guide for his ideology . "  As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours , ` We are not enemies but friends . ... Though passion may have strained , it must not break our bonds of affection , ' " Obama said . Watch a young student read one of Lincoln 's speeches " In Washington , a congressional tribute took place at the Capitol rotunda . Illinois senior Sen. Dick Durbin , a Democrat , gave the keynote address . At the end , a wreath was placed at the Capitol . The Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library and Museum in Springfield also opened its doors Thursday for a special celebration , featuring original documents including the Gettysburg Address . Watch CNN 's Kyra Phillips take a tour " Meanwhile , the Library of Congress marks the bicentennial Thursday by opening a special exhibit featuring Lincoln 's handwritten speeches and artifacts , including the Bible used last month by Obama during his swearing-in . "  This exhibit , in a little more than 200 items , presents Lincoln , the man and the politician , " said John Sellers , curator of the exhibit , which runs through May 9 . Lincoln successfully fought a proposal for legalized slavery as development spread to the Western United States , and he eventually brought an end to slavery throughout the country . Among the manuscripts on display is a letter he wrote in impassioned defense of his Emancipation Proclamation . Watch actor Sam Waterson 's reading of Lincoln speeches " The librarian of Congress , James Billington , acknowledges that the materials are available on the Internet in "  digitized " form , but he said "  there is something about seeing the original because , after all , Lincoln was a man of words , of rare eloquences . " "  His words changed history , " Billington said . The exhibit at the Library of Congress -- on Capitol Hill next to the U.S. Supreme Court -- was in the works for Lincoln 's bicentennial long before the presidential campaign in which voters elected Obama . Billington said the exhibition is all the more profound as visitors explore the links between the anti-slavery Lincoln and the African-American Obama . There are also grim reminders of Lincoln 's assassination . An original "  wanted " poster with large black letters reads : "  $ 100,000 Reward . The murderer is still at large . " The poster includes a photograph of John Wilkes Booth , who was on the run after being accused of firing the fatal shots at Ford 's Theatre in Washington , where Lincoln was attending a play . "  This is the autopsy report , " Sellers noted during the preview . "  Those are actual blood stains -- Lincoln 's blood . " Other , more lighthearted artifacts are also on display , including an 1860 letter from a girl urging presidential candidate Lincoln to grow a beard to help his prospects with voters . CNN 's Paul Courson , Ed Hornick and Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	Obama says Lincoln "  in so many ways made my own story possible " President Obama , Congress salute the bicentennial of Lincoln 's birth Library of Congress also opens an exhibit showcasing original items
London  CNN  -- UK food safety officials have ordered the testing of all beef products following the discovery of horsemeat in beef lasagna sold by UK firm Findus , only weeks after many meat lovers were dismayed to learn horse and pig DNA had been found in burgers . Testing revealed between 60 % and 100 % horsemeat in samples of the Findus lasagna , food inspectors in the United Kingdom and Ireland said . More : Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland Findus said it had withdrawn its lasagna -- labeled with the British spelling , "  lasagne " -- from stores Monday as a precaution after its French supplier , Comigel , raised concerns about the type of meat used . Meanwhile , Findus France has temporarily withdrawn three ready-prepared dishes -- lasagna bolognese , shepherd 's pie and moussaka -- because of the discovery of horsemeat in purported 100 % beef products , the firm said . The company added , however , that the three products could still be eaten without health risk . The latest discovery in the United Kingdom comes less than a month after the Food Safety Authority of Ireland found that 10 out of 27 hamburger products it analyzed in a study contained horse DNA , while 23 of them tested positive for pig DNA . In nine out of the 10 burger samples , the horse DNA was found at very low levels , the inspectors said , but in one sample from Tesco , Britain 's largest retailer , the horse meat accounted for about 29 % of the burger . The revelation prompted the withdrawal of millions of burgers from supermarket shelves . The uproar over dubious processed meat has international ramifications , with companies in Poland and France involved as well as some in the United Kingdom and Ireland . Referring to the horsemeat controversy , British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted : "  this is completely unacceptable - this is n't about food safety but about proper food labeling  and  confidence in retailers , " according to his press office 's Twitter account . In the wake of the Findus discovery , the chief executive of the Food Standards Agency , Catherine Brown , said UK firms must test all their beef products by next Friday . "  The FSA is now requiring a more robust response from the food industry in order to demonstrate that the food it sells and serves is what it says it is on the label , " she said . Read more : Horse : Coming soon to a meat case near you ? "  We are demanding that food businesses conduct authenticity tests on all beef products , such as beef burgers , meatballs and lasagne , and provide the results to the FSA . The tests will be for the presence of significant levels of horse meat . " In Sweden , the nation 's three largest food retailers have withdrawn packaged lasagna suspected of containing horsemeat from their shelves , the press secretary of the Swedish National Food Agency told CNN Friday . Lukas Linne said the agency is monitoring the retailers ' withdrawal of these items in accordance with Swedish labeling laws , which stipulate that packaged food can only contain what is marked on the label . Linne did not identify the supplier or suppliers that provided the produce to retailers . While horsemeat itself is not considered a food safety risk , its unauthorized use in certain products has raised concerns it could contain the veterinary drug phenylbutazone , or "  bute , " commonly used to treat horses . Meat from animals treated with phenylbutazone is not allowed to enter the food chain as it may pose a risk to human health . Findus has been ordered to test the lasagna withdrawn from the shelves for the drug 's presence . The Food Safety Authority of Ireland said Friday that the affected Findus lasagna had also been sold in Ireland . It urged consumers not to eat them , but to return the product to the store . Findus issued a statement Thursday saying it is confident it has fully resolved the "  supply chain issue " that led to the discovery of horsemeat in its lasagna . Neigh it ai n't so : Burger King finds horse meat at European supplier "  We understand this it is a very sensitive subject for consumers and we would like to reassure you we have reacted immediately . We do not believe this to be a food safety issue , " the firm said . "  Fully compliant beef lasagne will be in stores again soon . " CNN has reached out to Comigel France but has not yet had a response . Horsemeat is generally considered taboo in Britain , although it is commonly eaten in neighboring France and other countries , including China , Russia , Kazakhstan and Italy . The discovery of pig DNA in beef products is of particular concern to Jews and Muslims , whose dietary laws proscribe the consumption of pig products . Jewish dietary laws also ban the eating of horsemeat . The Justice Ministry confirmed last week that a number of meat pies and similar items supplied to prisons in England and Wales were labeled and served as halal -- prepared in compliance with Islamic dietary law -- but contained traces of pork DNA , the Food Standards Agency said . "  This is an unacceptable situation and people have a right to expect that the food they are eating is correctly described , " the agency said . The furor over the Findus lasagna prompted humor as well as outrage on Twitter . "  If you think the Findus Lasagnes are bad , you should try their Filly Cheese Steak , " wrote James Martin , posting as @Pundamentalism . Comedian Adam Hills , posting as @adamhillscomedy , joked : "  Those horses wanted to be uncovered in British Lasagne . Even the brand was called Findus . " CNN 's Erin McLaughlin , Alexander Felton and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Sweden 's 3 largest retailers pull packaged lasagna suspected of horsemeat Findus France pulls three products because of horsemeat discovery Tests on Findus beef lasagna samples reveal horsemeat , UK inspectors say UK firm Findus pulled the lasagna , made by a French supplier , from stores Monday
CNN  -- A 79-year-old Florida woman backed over seven pedestrians Sunday morning while backing out of a handicapped space in a church parking lot , killing three people , police say . Doreen Landstra was backing out of a space in the parking lot of a 55-and-older mobile home community in East Bradenton when she lost control of her SUV , striking the pedestrians and crashing over a curb before coming to rest partially submerged in a creek . Florida Highway Patrol spokesman Lt. Gregory Bueno tells CNN charges are pending as the investigation continues . Landstra , a former choir director in the Bradenton community , according to CNN affiliate Bay News 9 , was leaving church when , according to witnesses , she appeared to think she put her Chevrolet SUV in drive but instead shifted into reverse . According to Bueno , three Bradenton residents -- Johanna Dijkhoff , 80 , Wilhemina Paul , 70 and Margaret Vanderlaan , 72 -- died as a result of their injuries . Four others sustained serious injuries and were taken to an area hospital . One has since been released , Bueno said . Witness Jan Verstveg told Bay News 9 that he watched Landstra reverse into the crowd . Landstra told witnesses "  somehow the pedal got stuck " and that "  it was all a terrible accident , " Verstveg recalled . Some witnesses told Bay News 9 they "  heard screams . " Landstra 's 87-year-old husband was in the car with her . Neither sustained injuries . Landstra was interviewed by investigators at the scene and then left with her family , according to Bay News 9 . Bueno declined to provide CNN with details regarding Landstra 's condition at the time of the crash and was unable to speculate on possible charges she may face . The Florida Highway Patrol said in a report that the accident was not alcohol related . Tennessee church bus crash kills seniors on way to jubilee	Woman backs over seven pedestrians ; four were hospitalized with injuries Police say charges pending against driver as investigation continues Woman told witnesses it was "  terrible accident , " CNN affiliate reports
CNN  -- Petra Kvitova dumped Caroline Wozniacki out of the WTA Championships with a straight sets victory that sealed her place in the final four . Kvitova , the 2011 Wimbledon champion , inflicted Wozniacki 's second defeat in Istanbul , winning 6-4 6-2 to go top of the Red Group . World number one Wozniacki , who called the trainer on during her match after complaining of feeling sick , is rock bottom of the group after playing all three of her round robin games . After her victory Kvitova told CNN she was delighted to make the final four : "  It 's nice when I win and I 'm happy to be in the semi-final . Istanbul is a great place and it is great experience for me . "  I have had a great season and it 's very nice to play here -- it 's like something new for me as I 'm still learning . I am enjoying every match I play and I 'm trying not to think about winning here . " Wozniacki told reporters : "  I tried my best , but my body did n't want to do the things I asked it today . What I told my brain did n't go to my body . "  It 's just unfortunate that my body has been feeling tired . To get sick now is not the best time if you want to beat the top players . " Czech Kvitova faces Agnieszka Radwanska on Friday -- a match that will determine who grabs the second qualification spot in the red group . Radwanska , from Poland , currently occupies second spot after she saved three match points to beat Russia 's Vera Zvonareva 1-6 6-2 7-5 . The Pole can make sure of her place in the semis as long as she wins a set in her clash with Kvitova . In the white group , Victoria Azarenka sealed her spot in the last four after beating China 's Li Na 6-2 6-2 . The Belarusian added to her victory over Australia 's Sam Stosur to ensure her meeting with Marion Bartoli , who replaced the injured Maria Sharapova , is academic . Azarenka told the WTA 's official web site : "  Li Na has such a good return and likes to dominate from the beginning , so I tried to serve well and take that away from her . "  The crowd here in Istanbul just makes me want to play well and show them some good tennis . They 're a fantastic crowd and make me want to play really well . " The final qualification spot in the white group will go to the winner of Friday 's clash between Li Na and Stosur .	Petra Kvitova beats Caroline Wozniacki to make semis at WTA Championships Kvitova wins 6-4 6-2 to knock world No. 1 Woznaicki out of tournament Victoria Azarenka joins Kvitova in the final four after beating China 's Li Na Agnieszka Radwanska beats Vera Zvonareva to keep hopes of semi berth alive
CNN  -- A Massachusetts child rape suspect is wanted in connection with cross country spree of sexual assaults , kidnappings and armed robberies , police said . Gregory Lewis , 26 , allegedly committed at least six sexual assaults in various states since fleeing Massachusetts in September , according to the Massachusetts State Police . Several victims in the latest assaults were women he arranged to meet at local hotels through online escort services , police said . The victims were handcuffed , threatened with a gun , robbed and sexually assaulted . Lewis may have been in the Columbus , Ohio area as recently as Sunday , police said . He also was spotted the day before in Indianapolis , Indiana , where he allegedly committed a robbery at a hotel and was captured on surveillance video . Lewis went on his alleged crime spree along his trip west and then circled back east , police said . He was spotted in Denver , Colorado ; Portland , Oregon ; Boise , Idaho , and Salt Lake City ; Utah during the month of October , authorities said . One alleged victim in Colorado , told CNN affiliate WCVB that Lewis is desperate . "  My message to everybody is that he is extremely dangerous , " she told the station , asking to remain anonymous . "  He hurt me in a very traumatic way . He is going to continue to hurt anyone he comes across in a traumatic way . He told me that if anyone contacts authorities on him ever , he will make it his life 's mission to come back and find us . " Lewis was arrested August 5 and charged with raping a 14-year-old girl in Southbridge , Massachusetts , police said . He was accused of four felony child rape charges , along with counts related to home invasion , kidnapping and firearms possession . The suspect was released on bail after his initial court hearing and ordered by the court to wear a GPS monitoring bracelet . On September 15 , he cut off the bracelet , left it in the front yard of his young victim 's home and fled Massachusetts in a 2004 Jeep Cherokee , police said . The Jeep , with Massachusetts plate number of 85GF63 , is blue , with fog lights in the front and alloy rims . After fleeing Massachusetts , Lewis first traveled to Charlotte , North Carolina , where he allegedly kidnapped , assaulted and robbed a woman on September 23 , police said . The alleged victim , who spoke with CNN affiliate WSOC over the phone , said she met him on the Plenty of Fish dating website . "  He put me in a choke hold and put handcuffs on me with my hands behind my back and said I 'm not going to hurt you . I just want your money , " she said . Two days after the North Carolina assault , police said , Lewis returned to his family 's home in Massachusetts , where he allegedly beat and robbed his stepfather . "  This gentleman was literally shackled and held in the home , with a metal shackle , " Southbridge Police Chief Daniel Charette told CNN affiliate WCVB . Southbridge Police Detective Sgt. Carlos Dingui said Lewis handcuffed his stepfather to prevent him from calling police . Lewis left Southbridge with his stepfather 's Beretta 9mm semiautomatic handgun , according to Dingui . He also took approximately 200 rounds of ammunition . Lewis has been place at the top of the Massachusetts State Police 's Most Wanted List . He is considered armed and dangerous . Anyone with information on his whereabouts should call the Massachusetts State Police Violent Fugitive Apprehension Section at 1-800-KAPTURE .	Gregory Lewis , 26 , is wanted in a violent crime spree spanning several states He was arrested August 5 on felony child rape charges , then freed on bail Police : He later cut off GPS monitoring bracelet , drove off in parents ' Jeep
CNN  -- South Sudan appealed for international aid for a remote region that has been under attack by roaming fighters , as thousands of residents fled into the bush to avoid the violence . The government declared Jonglei state a "  humanitarian disaster area " and called on international aid agencies to help provide urgently needed assistance . It is not yet clear how many people have been killed or injured in the violence . The United Nations said Thursday it was mounting a "  massive emergency support programme " to help those displaced by fighting . The organization sent a battalion of peacekeepers to the area last week amid reports that members of the Lou Nuer tribe were marching toward two towns which are home to the rival Murle tribe . The Lou Nuer fighters , who numbered 6,000 to 8,000 , have now agreed to leave the area following "  intensive negotiations , " a United Nations statement released Thursday said . But as many as 50,000 people who fled their advance on the towns of Likuangole and Pibor now need food , water and shelter . "  The situation in humanitarian terms is grim , " U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator Lise Grande is quoted as saying . "  They have n't had food ; they have n't had access to clean water . In a number of cases , some of the people are wounded . They have n't had shelter . As the day progresses , you can see hundreds of people coming back into town and there is no question they are in trouble . " The U.N. World Food Programme has already delivered food supplies for some of the most vulnerable , including children , the statement said . Grande said the United Nations had helped evacuate citizens from the area and avert a greater crisis . Ethnic tensions in Jonglei state have flared as tribes fight over grazing lands and water rights , leading to cattle raids and abduction of women and children . Government officials have urged the two ethnic groups to return women and children abducted in the spate of violence . More forces will be deployed and a committee established to push for reconciliation between the two groups , according to government spokesman Barnaba Marial Benjamin . Kouider Zerrouk , a spokesman for the UN Mission in South Sudan  UNMISS  , said Thursday that the United Nations was "  beefing up " its presence across Jonglei state in support of government efforts . Zerrouk said the situation was now calm but UNMISS was operating daily land and air patrols to deter further violence and ensure the Lou Nuer fighters did leave the area . The mission would also help the South Sudan authorities transport about 800 additional police to the area , he said in a statement . Jennifer Christian , Sudan policy analyst with the Enough Project , said that while it 's important to get emergency food and medical aid to those affected , a longer-term strategy is needed to avoid future violence . "  The underlying , largely economic , causes of this cycle of inter-communal violence must be addressed to ensure permanent peace and stability in Jonglei state , " Christian said . "  In Jonglei , cattle is currency . For instance , young men need cattle to pay dowry prices and marry . A lack of access to basic services and economic opportunities compounds the reliance of Jonglei 's communities on this cattle economy , which , in turn , fuels conflict associated with cattle raiding , " she said . The international community should work to support the South Sudan government in developing its security forces and judicial system , she added . As residents fled the fighting last weekend , the United Nations said peacekeepers were having trouble accessing the rugged and isolated region , which is surrounded by thick forests . "  The problem we faced in this particular region of Jonglei state was one of access , because there are no roads , because of insufficient helicopters , " said Herve Ladsous , the U.N. peacekeeping chief . "  So we did reinforce our available staff there . The government of South Sudan itself is trying to do the same , but facing the same constraints . " The violence in Jonglei state is the latest to rock South Sudan , which officially gained its statehood in July after separating from neighboring Sudan to the north . Decades of civil war between the north and south , costing as many as 2 million lives , ended with a U.S.-brokered peace treaty in 2005 . But before South Sudan gained independence in July , human rights monitors expressed concerns that long-standing grievances could end in violence consuming the region again . The United Nations estimates that more than 1,100 people died and 63,000 were displaced last year by inter-communal violence in Jonglei state , not taking into account the latest clashes . CNN 's Moni Basu , Nima Elbagir and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : The United Nations says it is providing emergency help to those most in need At least 50,000 people have fled violence in Jonglei state The government declares the state a "  humanitarian disaster area " Ethnic tension flares as tribes fight over grazing lands and water rights
CNN  -- On February 26 , 2012 , George Zimmerman , a Hispanic Neighborhood Watch volunteer at the Retreat at Twin Lakes housing complex in Sanford , Florida , shot and killed Trayvon Martin , an unarmed African-American 17-year-old . Initially , Zimmerman was not arrested , and no charges were brought against him . Rallies , protests and a media firestorm followed , even eliciting a comment from President Obama that "  If I had a son , he 'd look like Trayvon . " The Rev. Al Sharpton came to Sanford and admonished residents that they were "  risking going down as the Birmingham and Selma of the 21st century " if nothing was done . Benjamin Crump , one of the attorneys representing Martin 's parents and an instrumental advocate for bringing charges against Zimmerman after they were initially declined , maintains that the case is about civil rights . Whether the killing turns out to have been racially motivated , responded to in self-defense , the act of a resident concerned about the safety of his neighborhood or the act of a trigger-happy cop wannabe , race is an inescapable issue . In 2012 : Did politics drive prosecution in Trayvon Martin case ? Sanford is the county seat of Seminole County , Florida . Although it experienced explosive growth during the economic boom and has several large , modern upscale subdivisions , it remains relatively poor . With approximately 54,000 residents , it has a per capita income of only about $ 21,000 , with about 18.5 % of the city below the poverty line , according to the 2010 census . It is approximately 30 % African-American and 20 % Hispanic . It has a documented history of racial tensions between its police and its black residents . Contrast this with Seminole County . Seminole County is more than 80 % white  including white Hispanics  and only about 11 % black . Overall , only 10 % of the population is below the poverty line , and that factors in Sanford . If Sanford is removed from the equation , Seminole County is overall a very affluent county , predominantly white and Republican and filled with pockets of substantial wealth and gated subdivisions . Seminole County has become more suburban , and as growth has skyrocketed , the white population has diluted the strength of Sanford 's African-American vote and diminished its influence in elections . The prosecution of Zimmerman in the Martin killing has become a lightning rod for the racial discontent that has long been brewing in Sanford . Many are invested in believing this case to be representative of the bigotry that sadly still exists in certain quarters of the town . In 2012 : Trayvon Martin shooting was n't a case of racial profiling A history of police indifference and societal prejudice has allowed this case , rightly or wrongly , to become the symbol for many of all things wrong with the criminal justice system and its treatment of blacks over the years , not only in Sanford but in many places throughout the country . It 's a large part of the reason that there has been so much inflammatory rhetoric and passion attached to this case . As you see the lawyers from each side pick a jury over the next week or two , do n't believe for a second that they are unaware of the strong racial issues that divide opinions . A deadly combination - guns and ` stand your ground ' The chances of the defense seeking a black juror , especially one from Sanford , are slim . Conversely , the prosecution will do all it can to select such a juror . Neither will acknowledge that race is a factor in their selection , but they know the history , the passions and the statistics . Do n't kid yourself for a minute that they do n't . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark NeJame .	Race has been an issue in the Trayvon Martin killing since the incident Mark NeJame says lawyers may deny it , but they will focus on race in picking a jury Sanford , Florida , has a history of racial tension , he says NeJame : The prosecution of George Zimmerman has become a lightning rod for that tension
CNN  -- American golfer and world number six , Jim Furyk , was kicked out of the first FedEx Cup play-off on Wednesday after missing his tee-off time by oversleeping . Furyk , 40 , told the official website of PGA Tour that he set an alarm on his cell phone which ran out of power overnight and failed to wake him up . "  The hotel had power ... but somehow my phone died . I never use a backup because I just figure if the phone is charged , I 'm good to go , " Furyk said . After waking five minutes before he was due to start playing , Furyk made a dash from his hotel to the course but failed to get to the 11th tee of The Barclays tournament in New Jersey in time . Injury or family emergency are the only reasons that excuse a player 's absence , consequently , Furyk will miss Thursday 's planned round with countryman Steve Stricker and Ernie Els of South Africa . "  The rules are rules . No matter what tournament it was , I would be upset . But I 'm more upset because it 's this one , " Furyk added . It means Furyk misses an opportunity to cement his third-place playoff standing in the race to be crowned champion . According to the playoff scenarios he could see his position slide to 19th before the Deutsche Bank Championship next week in Boston . One consolation to Furyk is that he already has enough points for the 30-man season-ending Tour Championship to be staged in Atlanta in September . Slugger White , the Tour 's vice president of rules and competition told the PGA Tour website : "  It is unfortunate . Knowing Jim as I do and we all do , he handled it extremely professionally and put all of the blame on himself . "  He is a fan favorite and everybody likes him . He is a really good guy , but my hands are tied . I am sure he will recover quite nicely next week and jump right in there again . " Furyk is due to win his seventh Ryder Cup cap against Europe at Celtic Manor in October .	American golfer and world number six , Jim Furyk , was kicked out of the first FedEx Cup play-off 40-year-old missed his tee-off time by oversleeping Furyk tells PGA Tour that he set an alarm on his cell phone which ran out of power overnight
CNN  As the search for AirAsia Flight QZ8501 stretched into its eighth day , the Java Sea continued to slowly give up the remains of the 162 victims aboard the ill-fated flight , as well as wreckage of the aircraft . At least four more bodies were recovered on Sunday , bringing the count to 34 . The remains were transferred by helicopter to the processing center in Pangkalan Bun , Indonesia , to the north of the search area . The developments came as Indonesian officials announced that they had identified three more bodies -- two female passengers and a male flight attendant . Additional wreckage was spotted overnight , measuring almost 10 meters  33 feet  by 1 meter . Sunday 's progress was not as great as searchers had hoped . It was forecast to be the best day weather-wise for the search , but choppy seas once again hindered the operation . Initial compensation offered As many endured the agonizing wait for news of their loved ones , CNN obtained details of initial compensation packages from AirAsia to the families of the victims . Several family members told CNN on Sunday that families of those on board the plane were presented with a draft letter from AirAsia outlining details of preliminary compensation . The letter states that families are entitled to about $ 24,000 for each family member who was on the plane . While some families signed the letter , others requested revisions to the wording . This compensation money is for any "  financial hardships " during this period of the search , and in the letters AirAsia stressed that it was not a confirmation that their family members were deceased . Search continues Taking advantage of better weather , the surface search area has been extended to the east , Marsdya Bambang Sulistyo , head of the Indonesian Search and Rescue agency , told reporters Sunday . Although there has been an improvement in conditions , they remain difficult , with heavy rain and high waves continuing to hamper recovery efforts . The surface search 's extension was based on predictions that the remains of the victims , along with wreckage from the aircraft , have drifted with the current . The priority surface and underwater search areas remained the same , he added . Twenty aircraft and 27 ships were involved in Sunday 's search . Divers are on standby but the underwater search was halted due to poor visibility and strong currents . Three more bodies -- still wearing seat belts -- were spotted on Friday , an Indonesian marine corps major , Professor De Greatsman , said . Search teams have found several large pieces of debris believed to be parts of the aircraft . Sulistyo said the latest objects -- including one that is 18 meters long -- were located by sonar in the priority search area . Searchers came upon the metal parts after spotting an oil slick late Friday . Who was on the plane Sinking bodies Anton Castilani , head of the Disaster Victims Identification unit , is eager to get the rest of the victims out of the water before they sink to the bottom of the sea . He is in charge of identifying them and said that gases in the bodies that keep them afloat disperse after a few days in the water . He urged families to be patient with his team as they identify loved ones . He wants to do his work right . "  We have to make sure that we have to return that right body to the right family , " he said . Decomposition also slows his work down . "  The later the dead bodies come to you , the harder you work , " he said . His team uses fingerprints and dental records as well as DNA to find out who they have recovered . • Hayati Lutfiah Hamid • Grayson Herbert Linaksita • Kevin Alexander Soetjipto • The Meiji Thejakusuma • Hendra Gunawan Syawal • Khairunisa Haidar Fauzi • Jie Stevie Gunawan • Juanita Limantara • Wismoyo Ari Prambudi • Tony Linaksita • Shiane Josal • Lim Yan Koen • Yongki Jou • Indra Yulianto • Hindarto Halim • Jou Brian Youvito Recoveries , identifications On Friday , the USS Sampson , which the U.S. Navy has deployed to help , recovered some bodies . A limited number of them will be autopsied to determine the cause of death to aid the investigation , an Indonesian official said Saturday . But many families do n't want autopsies done . "  For the sake of the investigation , we agree , and it is accepted by Interpol , to perform autopsies on the pilot , co-pilot and some randomly selected passengers , " said East Java Police Chief Anas Yusuf . Nine of the plane 's victims have been identified with the addition of the three victims ' names on Sunday . Search priorities Finding the fuselage and flight data recorders of the Airbus A320-200 has priority for the 59 diving teams searching underneath the waves . Russia has joined the effort with 22 underwater teams along with a search plane and a cargo jet . The searchers are concentrating on a 1,575-square-nautical-mile zone that officials believe is the most probable area to find the remains of the aircraft . Anguish revisited : Relatives of MH370 victims speak Here 's where things stand on Flight QZ8501 : The flight What we know : QZ8501 took off early December 28 from Surabaya , bound for Singapore . Roughly 35 minutes into the flight , the pilot asked air traffic control for permission to turn left and climb to avoid bad weather . Minutes later , the plane disappeared from air traffic control 's radar . What we do n't know : What happened on board after contact with the plane was lost . No distress call was received . Some experts speculate that the aircraft experienced an aerodynamic stall because of a lack of speed or from flying at too sharp an angle to get enough lift . Other theories include a lack of information about the plane 's position or storm damage to the engines . How can a modern airliner vanish ? The investigation What we know : The "  black boxes " are key . Actually , the flight data recorders are orange and should be in the plane 's tail . A lab in Jakarta will analyze them , if they are recovered . The batteries powering the "  pingers " that send acoustic signals have only about three weeks of power left . What we do n't know : What destroyed the plane . Investigators will need to use information gleaned from the flight recorders and clues from the wreckage to try to find out . "  The more bits I can put into my mosaic , the better my picture will be , " aviation safety expert Michael Barr said . The ones who missed the flight The plane and the pilots What we know : The Airbus , operated by AirAsia 's Indonesian affiliate , had accumulated about 23,000 flight hours in about 13,600 flights in six years . The plane 's last scheduled maintenance was November 16 . Flight 8501 's veteran captain , Iriyanto , 53 , had 20,537 flying hours , 6,100 of them with AirAsia on the Airbus A320 , the airline said . The first officer , Remi Emmanuel Plesel , 46 , had 2,275 flying hours , a reasonable amount for his position . Indonesian authorities are looking into why AirAsia was flying that particular route on that particular day , a Sunday ; the country 's Transport Ministry says that AirAsia was permitted to fly it only on Mondays , Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays . AirAsia said it will cooperate with the inquiry and suspended all service from Surabaya to Singapore in the meantime . What we do n't know : Did technical problems or human error have anything to do with the crash ? A major aviation database registers 54 incidents involving the A320 . Some A320 accidents and incidents involve fan-cowl detachments , landing gear collapse , bird strikes and pilot error , an expert said . These cause disasters only in very rare cases . Security threat ? Meanwhile , the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta issued a security alert Saturday after being "  made aware of a potential threat against U.S.-associated hotels and banks in Surabaya . " A State Department official , however , told CNN that there was "  no knowledge of any connection between this threat and the AirAsia flight . " No additional information was given regarding the nature of the threat , but the embassy recommended "  heightened vigilance and awareness of one 's surroundings when visiting such facilities . " CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Elizabeth Joseph , Mitra Mobasherat , Gary Tuchman , Kevin Bohn and Joseph Netto contributed to this report . Journalist Yosef Riadi and translators Michelle Anugrah , Azieza Uhnavy and Edi Pangerapan also contributed .	Eighth day of the search for the AirAsia flight has begun Official says four large objects have been found underwater using sonar 34 bodies have been recovered ; nine have been identified
CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan 's TV reality series ended Sunday with the actress laying some very personal cards on the table . In a scene from the season finale of OWN 's docuseries "  Lindsay , " the 27-year-old explained that the reason she 'd missed some filming days for the project was because she 'd had a miscarriage . "  No one knows this : I had a miscarriage for those two weeks I took off , " she said . "  It 's a very long story . " During the docuseries , one of the plot points that emerged was Lohan 's inconsistency with showing up for work . But as she explained on Sunday 's finale episode , it was because she was unable to . "  That 's why , on the show when it says , ` She does n't want to come down , ' I could n't move ; I was sick , " Lohan said . "  Mentally , that messes with you . " OWN 's "  Lindsay " covered a lot of ground with Lohan , following the actress after she left rehab in July 2013 and moved to New York while trying to repair her career . By the time the last episode aired , Lohan -- along with the rest of the world -- had seen the difficult footage of her post-rehab life . "  I cried so many times watching it , " she said . "  Watching this series , I just know how I felt at that moment , and I can relate to that girl . Like , ` Oh my God , this is really sad . Who 's helping her ? ' ... There was a lot going on in my life then . " Filming the eight-part series did impart some lessons , and one in particular was how her struggle with addiction could leave her without a career . "  Even if it 's not my intention to lose everything I 'm now working for , that 's what this addiction will do to me . It 's a really f *** ked-up disease , and it 's really scary , " she reflected . "  Now  I 'm in a good place , and I do n't want to mess with that . It feels good , and I 'm happy . The biggest thing I 've learned from this experience and doing this show is that my work ethic is different . I have that fire back in me . "	On the season finale of her series , Lindsay Lohan says she had a miscarriage The 27-year-old says on camera that it happened during production She goes on to share what she 's learned from working on the series Lohan : My work ethic is different post - "  Lindsay "
Shanghai , China  CNN  -- For more than a decade , television journalist Xuan Kejiong has covered almost every major disaster in China 's largest metropolis , from fires and typhoons to robberies and murders . His regular presence on the scenes of misfortune has inspired local viewers to jokingly call him Shanghai 's face of tragedy . But it 's Xuan 's serious investigative reporting and energetic live presentations that have earned him widespread attention and respect . The 34-year-old reporter for Shanghai TV is now arguably the most famous journalist in the city of 20 million residents . Competitors profile him in their newspapers and magazines , while local websites are abuzz over his professional and personal life . One recent Wednesday Xuan raced to the city 's northeast during the morning rush hour after a tip that a security guard in a residential compound had died suddenly . "  It could be just natural causes , but security guards are an underprivileged group . I want to do a bit of digging on their living and working conditions , " he told his cameraman in the car . "  You get the shots first - he died inside the guardhouse at the entrance . " As the car pulled over , Xuan leapt into action , as police and onlookers crowded a rather chaotic scene . Yelling and shoving ensued after employees from the property management office turned hostile to the TV crew . Undeterred , Xuan kept cajoling and probing . The death seemed to have involved no foul play . Xuan filed a live phone report in the car on his way back to the downtown newsroom -- and then it was on to the next case and another chance to tell the stories of the city 's less fortunate . "  I feel it 's my responsibility to let the truth help promote social progress or solve social problems , " the Shanghai native said . "  If I can do that , it gives me a sense of accomplishment . " Xuan 's coverage of a devastating apartment building fire that killed 58 people last November cemented his journalistic reputation . He was the first reporter to enter the charred high-rise after the fire was put out , capturing some extraordinary pictures of destruction amid the intense heat and smoke . But Xuan -- a Communist Party member -- is guarded in talking about the parameters within which he reports . Like all news outlets in China , Shanghai TV is state-run and falls under the same extensive system of control and censorship , both on air and online . "  In the past few years , the media environment has become more relaxed for us , thanks to the growth of the internet and of public expectations , " said Xuan , who tweets frequently about his stories and thoughts on Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter . With the internet blurring the boundary between local news and national or even international news , analysts say the work of reporters like Xuan reflects greater social trends and show the difficulties ordinary people face in their daily life . "  These reports do n't usually enrage or embarrass the authorities . That 's why they are more appealing to officials -- and make them more willing to acknowledge problems and try to address them , " said Bu Zhong , an assistant professor in journalism at Pennsylvania State University in the United States and a long-time observer of China 's news media . "  Sharp direct criticisms are necessary , but it 's often more effective to be gentle critics in China -- and the internal changes they prompt are more profound and long-lasting . " Despite a 24/7 work schedule that has at times strained his marriage , Xuan says he will keep probing , looking for the truth and giving a voice to the voiceless in order to promote social progress . "  An ancient Chinese saying says that a journey of a thousand miles is made up with all the small steps , " he said . "  And I believe that . "	Xuan 's serious investigative reporting , energetic live presentations have earned him respect Xuan is a Communist member He is guarded in talking about the parameters within which he reports
Davos  CNN  -- Visualize , if you will , a massive freeway interchange , with automobiles criss-crossing at varying speeds . Some raced through the 2008-2009 financial crisis like they were just getting on the famous German autobahn , others have decelerated dramatically . We gathered an all-star panel of three central bank governors from Brazil , China and Nigeria , the finance minister of Mexico and the chief executives of Coca Cola and Renault-Nissan for a one hour discussion "  Emerging Markets at a Crossroads " at the World Economic Forum in Davos . Medvedev : Russia is open for business The overall verdict ? The BRICS markets , Brazil , Russia , India , China and South Africa , share little in terms of a common DNA but investment in these markets are still paying handsome dividends due to the size of their consumer markets . At the top end , China should hit 8 % growth in 2013 , according to the Deputy Governor of the Chinese Central Bank Yi Gang . Urbanization , he said , just crossed the 50 % mark and this flood of people into regional hubs in China will continue to boost growth . It has not been all smooth sailing for the world 's largest emerging market , stringing together seven straight quarters of declining growth , until recent numbers of the 4th quarter reversed that trend . How to fix Zimbabwe 's challenge On the other end of the spectrum is Brazil . Despite a sizeable market , a bounty of natural resources from forest products to deepwater oil deposits , and hosting the 2014 World Cup and 2016 Summer Olympic Games to boost infrastructure spending and future tourism arrivals , Brazil has gone into a downward economic spiral . Today the heat is on President Dilma Rousseff to put Latin America 's largest economy back on a growth path after plummeting from 7.5 % growth in 2010 to just over 1 % when the final numbers are tabulated for last year . What 's your economic mood ? Alexandre Tombini , the affable central banker from Brazil , tried to brush off long-term concerns when I asked if the president 's economic team was behind the curve when it repeatedly slashed interest rates to combat a slow-down . The team has been blamed for mismanaging expectations when they suggested 3 % or more growth could be delivered in 2012 . Even during this turbulent patch , Tombini notes that nearly 40 million people have been pulled up into the middle class and that measures to cuts energy costs and payroll taxes will make Brazil much more competitive . It is "  better now than later " said Tombini of the reforms finally in place . In a separate plenary session , Christine Lagarde , the IMF Managing Director , said the emerging markets should use 2013 as a time to rebuild financial buffers and "  rebalance their business models to boost domestic demand . " The IMF a day before the World Economic Forum got underway said that emerging market economies will grow 5.4 % , fractionally lower than the group 's forecast last October . Defterios : What I 've learned from 20 years at Davos The stumbling performance of all the BRICS minus China is what has led investors to home in on the next wave of emerging markets , especially the highly populated countries such as Nigeria , Turkey and Mexico . Mexico 's new President Enrique Pena Nieto entered office December promising to deliver on a "  Pact for Mexico " of sweeping economic reforms , while trying to reboot relations with Washington . Finance minister Luis Videgaray said their administration will use a comprehensive approach , which may even include opening up the state oil giant Pemex to foreign investment . Oil output has been on the decline for a decade and could benefit from the expertise of the U.S. energy giants . The narrative has changed from the drug war that has claimed more than 60,000 lives to tapping into the economic potential south of the Rio Grande . Growth opportunities have pushed poverty levels down 9 % to 42 % of the population and migration has been reversed , according to Videgaray . Mexico exports 82 % of its products to the U.S. and that exposure led the economy down 9 % during the worst of the financial crisis in 2008-09 . But if there is a leading light in terms of the next tier of fast-developing countries , one has to point to Nigeria , which has more than doubled its average growth rate over the past two decades to 7 % . The financial and political capitals , Lagos and Abuja , are booming and central bank governor Sanusi Lamido Sanusi says it is a priority to spread the wealth to the other 35 states in the country . Is the rise of China creating conflict ? The same tired themes still haunt Africa 's second largest economy : Poverty and corruption . Nigeria ranks 139 out of 176 countries in Transparency International 's corruption perception survey . Sanusi said oil and subsidy regime fraud needs continued pursuit of perpetrators but his country is one of the few to put bankers in jail for their misdoings during the financial crisis . A great deal has been written about the BRICS hitting a wall , with their better days being behind them , but the long serving chief executive of Renault-Nissan said investors are lacking perspective . In the developed markets of the world , the average rate of automobile ownership is 500 to 600 cars per 1,000 inhabitants . Carlos Ghosn , the Brazilian-born CEO of Lebanese parents , said in the BRIC markets could be as low as 100 per 1,000 . This implies substantial growth , justifying the half trillion dollars or more of investment for plants being set up in these emerging markets .	CNN 's John Defterios gathered an all-star panel for his discussion 'Em erging Markets at a Crossroads ' in Davos The consensus was that the BRICS share little in terms of a common DNA But investment in these markets are still paying handsome dividends
AOL Autos  -- Chrysler and General Motors announced this week that they would shrink their dealer base in the U.S. Chrysler will close 789 dealers . General Motors announced the closing of 1,100 dealers . Chrysler will close 789 dealers , leaving them with approximately 2400 stores in the U.S. General Motors announced the closing of 1,100 dealers and hopes to be at a size of 3,600 dealers at the end of 2010 . While Chrysler dealers will be "  forced out " by June 9 , GM is positioning for a smoother closing of its stores , with each shutting down when it runs out of inventory . Unlike Chrysler 's announcement , GM 's list of closing dealers will not be made public , leaving that decision to each dealer . What happens to my GM or Chrysler vehicle warranty ? Your warranty is valid through its term , regardless of where you bought your vehicle . In March , President Obama announced that the U.S. government would provide the backing for Chrysler and GM vehicle warranties under the "  Warrantee Commitment Program . " Can I take my vehicle for service and warranty work to another  surviving  dealer ? Yes , but make sure it 's a certified dealer . If you 're going to take your Chrysler , Jeep or Dodge vehicle in for warranty work , you can do so at a closing dealership until June 9 . After that time , Chrysler will no longer pay those dealers for warranty work . GM vehicles will receive service and warranty work at closing dealers until they shut down . Will there be good deals on these vehicles ? The Chrysler dealerships to close will have about 44,000 units on hand , or roughly what Chrysler , Jeep and Dodge sell across the country every 2-3 weeks  using April 's sales numbers as a guide  . There will be deals , but be warned that if those 44,000 are n't sold before June 9 , Chrysler will work to redistribute them to other dealers . Whether the best deals will be had before or after June 9 is likely negligible ; if you 're interested in a Chrysler , Jeep or Dodge product , you will save a lot of money on a new purchase right now . One important factor to keep in mind is that approximately 10 % of those remaining units are 2008 vehicles . Be careful the car you 're looking at has n't been sitting on the lot inactive for too long ; cars actually do "  rot . " GM 's dealer announcement is a different story , since the company is n't releasing the names of the closing dealers . Dealers who chose to disclose their shutdown may provide better deals . AOL Autos : Why do cars rot on the lot ? How many people and jobs are affected by closing dealers ? The impact on communities will be significant . Since dealers typically employ about 50 people and contract with a handful of suppliers  consider the business that sells paper or office furniture to each dealer  , there will be impact within the community . Some economists , however , believe that the impact will be less than expected , since dealers typically have a high turnover rate and technician jobs were in a short supply already . But , the related aspects of dealer closings are certain : think of the little league baseball teams and charities that receive funding from do-gooding dealers . Even real estate is affected ; car dealerships usually set the market for commercial real estate in smaller communities . When those go empty , the entire city feels the pain . AOL Autos : Pressure to buy American Why were these dealers chosen ? Both Chrysler and GM have expressed interest to shrink their dealer base . Company officials cite various data points related to choosing these dealers , but the main one is performance . GM said that the average dealer of the 1,100 affected only sold 35 cars in all of 2008 . Chrysler cites similar numbers , with half their closing dealerships selling less than 100 . But , even after these reductions by Chrysler and GM , they still have more dealers than other manufacturers . Using April 2009 's sales data as a proxy , Toyota has approximately 95 dealers per 1 point of market share in the U.S. , while Chrysler has 256 and GM will have 172  at the end of 2010  . This means that , effectively , Toyota is able to sell more vehicles per dealership . AOL Autos : Fate of the GM brands Can dealers do anything about this ? Typically , dealers would have protection under state franchise laws against such events . However , in Chrysler 's case , those franchise laws are not applicable since the company declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy . Chrysler dealers can  and likely will  protest the process by which they were chosen  sales volume , number of brands in the store , the area in which the dealership operated  . But after June 9 , the selected Chrysler , Jeep and Dodge dealers will have to take down their signs . GM dealers will likely organize their own group , but details of that are unclear at this time . AOL Autos : Are extended warranties worth it ? Even after cuts , do the big three still have too many U.S. dealers ? Some companies need fewer dealers to sell the same amount of cars : Chrysler LLC Number of dealers : 2411 Market share : 9.4 Dealers per 1 pt . market share : 256 Ford Motor Co. . Number of dealers : 3723 Market share : 15.7 Dealers per 1 pt . market share : 237 General Motors Number of dealers : 3600 Market share : 20.9 Dealers per 1 pt . market share : 172 AOL Autos : Six cars to save the big three Honda Motor Co. . Number of dealers : 1304 Market share : 12.4 Dealers per 1 pt . market share : 105 Toyota Motor Corp. . Number of dealers : 1470 Market share : 15.4 Dealers per 1 pt . market share : 95 Market data shown reflective of April 2009 , courtesy of Autodata . Chrysler dealer total is effective June 9 ; GM dealer total is estimate for end of 2010 .	Chrysler and General Motors announce they will shrink dealer base in U.S. Chrysler dealers will be "  forced out " by June 9 Your warranty is valid through its term , no matter where you bought your car You will save a lot of money on a new vehicle purchase right now
New York  CNN  -- The BP oil spill is defining the political landscape in the summer of 2010 as much as the rise of the Tea Party did in 2009 . It is driving the national debate , and changing the way we think about both government and business . Of course , the oil spill 's impact is much bigger than politics . One of our nation 's most beautiful and historic coastal regions is under threat , whole industries have been put on hold , and we can only guess at the long term environmental and economic impact . But there 's no denying that the oil spill is shifting political fortunes with implications that will be felt throughout the midterm elections . A case-study is being written in real time : It 's an object lesson in how events can overtake politics in ways no one can anticipate . There are no winners and losers in the wake of environmental devastation , but there are those who are seizing the spotlight and those who are starting to smell like low tide on the Bayou . Charlie Crist : The governor of Florida had been on his political heels after leaving the GOP in the face of a strong challenge for the open Senate seat from conservative phenom Marco Rubio and declaring his plan to run as an independent for the office . But the oil spill has given Crist the chance to be seen as a leader above the partisan political fray , focused on solving problems that affect all Floridians , and liberated from the party infighting that seems so small by comparison . Even the indictment of his former party chairman Jim Greer on corruption charges has n't been able to stop Crist 's post-declaration of independence momentum . A new Florida Chamber of Commerce poll shows Crist breaking out with a double-digit lead over Rubio . Bobby Jindal : The rising star Republican governor briefly became a political punch-line after his sing-song Kenneth-the-pageboy delivery of a nationwide address . But the youngest governor in the nation was always a more impressive figure than the speech sound bites portrayed , compiling an impressive record of reform in Louisiana during his term . Now , he has emerged as close to a post-9 / 11 Rudy Giuliani as the slow moving crisis has produced -- a hands-on leader , constructively channeling the frustrations of his citizens on the ground . His recent argument against the drilling moratorium may have raised some environmental eyebrows , but he 's looking at what he can still salvage in the local economy . My guess is that he 'll be on the VP short-list for any 2012 GOP presidential nominee . A new energy bill : During the 2008 campaign , moving America toward energy independence and kicking our addiction to oil was one policy proposal which was broadly embraced by the left , right and center . Both Obama and McCain backed cap-and-trade climate-change legislation as part of their energy plan . But in the wake of the great recession , enthusiasm for environmental aspects of energy planning lost much of their political and popular support -- until , that is , BP . Now a bipartisan group of senators are optimistic that some sort of energy legislation will pass this year , possibly with a scaled-down cap-and-trade plan that affects only electric utilities . And I ca n't help but wonder if the evident risks of offshore deep water oil drilling also could cause renewed focus on the comparatively safe option of drilling at the Artic National Wildlife Refuge . Sharron Angle : The Tea Party-backed candidate wrestled the Nevada Republican nomination for U.S. Senate from GOP establishment candidate Sue Lowden earlier this month , giving her the slot to run against Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . But her ideological absolutism , such as calls to end the Department of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency , now looks like dangerously naïve policy bumper-stickers that have nothing to do with solving problems in the real world . This disconnect can be counted on to derail the candidacies of other Tea Party-backed candidates come the fall , because calls for less government and less regulation seem out of touch with the need to respond to the crisis on everyone 's mind . President Obama : The BP oil spill has hardened negative perceptions of President Obama 's leadership style , playing into the flipside of "  No Drama Obama " -- namely that the president is so analytical as to seem aloof . It has highlighted questions raised during the campaign about his readiness to take the "  3 a.m. call " and provided evidence of why we 've only elected three people without executive experience to the presidency over the past century : Warren G. Harding , John F. Kennedy and Obama . Comparisons to President Carter are overdone -- a reflexive attack by the right against any Democratic president . But the tick-tock of each day that passes has been compared to the Iranian hostage crisis in that they seem to symbolize an impotence of government . When the president of Plaquemines Parish , Billy Nungesser , told a Senate subcommittee , "  I still do n't know who 's in charge . ... Is it BP ? Is it the Coast Guard ? ... I have spent more time fighting the officials of BP and the Coast Guard than fighting the oil . " It was a scathing condemnation of a lack of leadership . And when Nungesser said he wanted someone "  with the guts and the will to make decisions " -- well , that 's what we elect presidents for . There is still time to turn this around -- the $ 20 billion escrow account was a step in the right direction -- but for the Obama administration , it 's later than they think . ` Drill baby , drill ' : Rarely has a political slogan ever sounded more stupid in retrospect . It was the frat-boy approach to energy policy -- pump now , think later . But Saturday night has turned into Sunday morning and we 're forced to confront the consequences . The chant not only took over the Republican convention , it started to change the country 's policy mindset . Gallup polls showed that by April 2010 , over 50 percent of Americans said the United States should "  prioritize the development of energy supplies over environmental protection " for the first time in the 10 years the question had been asked . One month later , with the oil spill spewing , the poll switched , with 55 percent putting the environment over energy . The right response is n't to choose between the two but to refocus on the larger goal of getting ourselves off our addiction to foreign oil , responsibly increasing domestic supply while transitioning to renewable fuels and a green technology economy . In the bigger picture , populist anger at both big business and big government is likely to continue through the fall , with BP and a faltering government response the newest targets of frustration . It will remain a tough time for any candidate representing the establishment . But the old hyper-partisan slogans which sustained many protesters last year have slammed up against a new demand from the public : Stop fighting and just fix it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John P. Avlon	John Avlon : Oil crisis is changing the dynamics of U.S. politics Last year 's concerns are being edged aside by other issues , he says Crisis response is helping two governors , Crist and Jindal , and hurting Tea Party candidates Avlon : New demand from the public is "  Stop fighting and just fix it "
CNN  -- Everyone was blogging about Tuesday 's inauguration -- even the people who were putting it on . President Obama , pictured , giving his inaugural speech . Fittingly for an election campaign that was won partly by galvanizing millions of young people to get out and vote via the Internet , Obama 's inauguration ushered in a new digital age for the U.S. presidency . As the clock struck 12.01 in Washington Obama 's administration took control of the White House Web site , with the simple words "  Change has come to America . " The first blog post by director of new media for the White House , Macon Phillips , said : "  Millions of Americans have powered President Obama 's journey to the White House , many taking advantage of the Internet to play a role in shaping our country 's future . " It was an unprecedented move in the history of presidential inaugurations and it reflected the mood of the blogosphere , which came alive with comments as excitable bloggers mulled on topics ranging from what Michelle Obama would wear to their thoughts on Obama 's speech . Watch President Obama 's full speech " The New Yorker 's George Packer wrote in his blog that "  President Obama uttered no words today that will be quoted in a hundred years . " "  He delivered something better than rhetorical excitement -- he spoke the truth , which makes its own history and carries its own poetry , " Packer added . But it was not just traditional bloggers who were giving their two cents worth . Social network sites were also buzzing with the excitement of the occasion . CNN.com provided a live video streaming platform for Facebook users to interact with the inauguration ceremony by updating their status as they watched proceedings . Online viewers could choose between their friends or "  everyone watching , " seeing live thoughts such as "  I 've actually got shivers ! " to "  Barack H. ? What a copout ! " Many were captivated by Aretha Franklin 's eye-catching hat , with comments ranging from : "  Now that 's a hat , " to "  Aretha is wearing the hell outtta that hat . " There was also no escaping the ubiquitous "  Tweeple "  Twitter people  posting ` tweets ' on everything from their opinion of the inaugural speech to their celebrity spots . One ` tweeter ' even blogged about using the VIP toilets at the inauguration site in Washington , saying : "  Just used the VIP porta potty . Contrary to what they might tell you , fancy people 's **** does indeed stink . " More than 40,000 photos of the events on Capitol Hill tagged with the word "  inauguration " were also posted to the photo-sharing site , Flickr . No aspect of the inauguration was left undissected , but Pastor Rick Warren 's invocation prayer proved a hot topic amongst bloggers , who by turns criticized him for being too inclusive and not inclusive enough . Warren attracted some criticism for using words from the Jewish , Christian and Muslim holy texts as well as including the name of Jesus -- in several languages including Hebrew . However Dan Gilgoff , the "  God & Country " blogger for U.S. News & World Report , acknowledged the difficult position Warren faced when he wrote : "  For me , the two most salient features of the Rev. Rick Warren 's inauguration invocation were its emphasis on the values of unity and mutual respect , which seemed partly a reaction to the controversy his selection as invocation speaker sparked , and its bold invocation of Jesus in the form of the Lord 's Prayer . "  For some , those two themes would seem incongruous . It was trademark Warren , who -- like Barack Obama -- has been accused of trying to be all things to all people . " For some , it was about looking ahead to how long the adulation for President Obama would last . Conservative blogger Dr. Melissa Clouthier , who was liveblogging the inauguration , debated that the "  Obasm " would last 4 years . "  His voters voted for him not for his ideas , " she wrote . "  He did n't really articulate specific plans . He just gave vague promises . Voters were so enamored with the idea of him and he 'll be around for four years , so the love will continue . "  The Press and the voters , too , imbued Obama with so much wonderfulness that to turn on him is to turn on their own perfect judgment . Since the vote was essentially narcissistic and people do n't hate themselves , Obama will be loved for a good long time . " It remains to be seen whether her prediction will come true .	Inauguration set blogosphere alive with comments From Facebook to Twitter , everyone wanted to have their say online Obama 's speech , Michelle 's outfit and Rick Warren 's prayer proved popular themes
New York  CNN  -- Whether evoking loss or hope , music performed Sunday at Manhattan 's ground zero served as soothing support for family members still grieving 10 years after the 9/11 attacks . A somber Paul Simon , wearing a 9/11 Memorial cap , performed "  The Sound of Silence , " a change from "  Bridge Over Troubled Water " listed on the program . People in the crowd cried , embraced or sang along . Others milled around the water memorials at the World Trade Center 's towers . Many did paper rubbings of victims ' names or left flowers . Sixty bagpipers and drummers led a processional at the beginning of the ceremony . The Brooklyn Youth Chorus sang "  The Nation Anthem " and cellist Yo-Yo performed a Bach selection . In America , thoughts turn to 10 years ago As is customary , people who lost relatives that day read their names aloud . Linda Spinella , 52 , of Wayne , New Jersey , talked about her brother Mark Zangrilli , 36 , who worked in the South Tower . "  Too many people lost too many people , " said Spinella . Her brother 's name was one of the last to be read . By then , many people had left the memorial service . "  He had a really contagious laugh , " Spinella said . "  He loved his kids and he was good to his parents . " Other musical performances included James Taylor 's "  You Can Close Your Eyes " and flutist Emi Ferguson 's rendition of "  Amazing Grace . " The service concluded with the chorus singing "  I Will Remember You " and four trumpets playing taps . CNN 's Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	Paul Simon 's "  The Sound of Silence " among poignant moments Bagpipers and musicians joined singers , chorus on program Service concludes with the playing of taps
CNN  -- The United Nations is calling on citizens from around the world to be the next Citizen Ambassador to the United Nations . Posing the question , "  If you had the opportunity to speak to world leaders , what would you say ? " the United Nations is holding a video contest to encourage world citizens to voice their opinions to world leaders and weigh in on decisions made by members of the United Nations and become a 2010 Citizen Ambassador . Hosted by the United Nation 's channel on Youtube , applicants are asked to upload their videos to the site . In its second year of the contest , organized by the Department of Public Information , this year 's submissions are based on the theme of the Millennium Development Goals . The Millennium Development Goals , adopted in 2000 , are eight internationally agreed targets designed to fight extreme poverty , hunger and disease by 2015 . Applicants are asked to express the importance of the goals in their lives and in their own communities in the videos they submit . "  The Millennium Development Goals are about improving the lives of everyday people around the globe " said United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in a statement . "  This contest is about giving a voice to those who want to make a difference . " Those in developing nations without adequate technology who wish to submit are encouraged to visit United Nations Information Centres  UNICs  throughout the world where the United Nations Foundation and Cisco 's Flip Video provides 52 Flip Video cameras to the Centres . Applicants have until August 23 to submit their entries , and six winners will be selected as the 2010 Citizen Ambassadors to the United Nations . Those who win will get a trip to New York for United Nations Day 2010 in October , take a special tour of United Nations headquarters , meet the Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon , and assist as VIPs to the U.N. Day Concert on October 23 . To help share their stories with the world , winners will also receive a customized Flip Cam Mino HD to help document their communities ' efforts to achieve Millennium Development Goals . To help raise awareness of the 2010 Citizen Ambassadors campaign , UNICEF  United Nations Children 's Fund  Goodwill Ambassador Jackie Chan , United Nations Messengers of Peace Stevie Wonder and Princess Haya and UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador Angélique Kidjo have all appeared in call-for-entries videos to encourage world citizens to apply .	United Nations is holding a video contest to encourage world citizens to voice their opinions Applicants are asked to upload their videos to the United Nation 's channel on Youtube Submissions are based on the theme of the Millennium Development Goals
CNN  -- Fifty years ago this weekend , a four-piece guitar band from Liverpool touched down at Kennedy airport in New York and changed the course of popular culture in the twentieth century . That much we can be sure of , and since the days of Beatlemania that guitar band has been credited with changing music , fashion , culture and everything else that really counted in the sixties . The trans-Atlantic entertainment industry is gearing up for an avalanche of tributes and events to commemorate this anniversary . The dyspeptic rock critic Lester Bangs once railed against the never-ending re-release of the Beatles catalog by asking : "  I 'd like to know what I have missed by not missing the Beatles . " The answer over the next few weeks is plenty : concerts , exhibits , panel discussions , documentaries , conferences and a pre-recorded Grammy tribute featuring a "  reunion " of Paul and Ringo . For that generation lucky enough to be swept along by Beatlemania , it was a unique event , a turning point for some . There are still plenty of Americans of a certain age who can tell you exactly what happened when they first saw the Beatles on The Ed Sullivan Show that chilly February night : "  I was two inches from the screen , screaming . " The run-up to this anniversary feels a little like the preparations for the Beatles arrival in 1964 , when there was a continual stream of tidbits , teasers and promotions which announced "  The Beatles are Coming ! " But instead of radio bulletins , high-school gossip , and those flyers that Capitol records distributed to record stores nationwide , this time the news comes to us on mobile phones and lap tops , in web casts and posts on the internet . If you miss the rebroadcast of the Ed Sullivan show this weekend you can easily retrieve it from numerous sites on the world wide web , but back in 1964 you had to wait a whole week for the next Ed Sullivan Show . This of course added to the tension and increased the expectation of another television event which could not be missed . If a note of self-congratulation enters into the celebrations , you can hardly blame the record and television companies for waxing nostalgic for a time when Americans were locked into watching three channels and still buying records . In the fractured and endlessly expanding digital world , nobody will be able to recreate the excitement of Beatlemania because it is no longer possible to completely command the media as the Beatles did back in 1964 . The triumph of Beatlemania was essentially a triumph of the record -- the seven inch vinyl disc -- and a demonstration of its potency in diffusing culture and creating value . Beatlemania 's anniversary might be the time to mark an end of that era , when records were something you treasured . In the digital world sound recordings are cheap and disposable ; you wo n't be able to relive the giddy excitement of returning home with that priceless copy of "  I Want to Hold Your Hand " with an MP3 download . The anniversary of Beatlemania will doubtless see more praise heaped on the musicians and their timeless music . But who were the architects of Beatlemania ? Brian Epstein planned the campaign , perfected the look and made the deals  some strokes of genius , others not  . Above all he saw the American market as the pinnacle of success : "  We knew that America would make us or break us as world stars ... In fact , she made us . " How ironic that what began as an exercise in American exceptionalism ended in a "  British Invasion " of imported music , fashion and design that swept all before it and made the sixties look and sound like the sixties . Beatlemania marked the ascendancy of British-based television producers who created a new type of music program -- live , frenetic , engaging -- and made the Beatles its most able practitioners . Beatlemania was powered by radio : not crystal-clear broadcasts from corporate headquarters but crackling , crummy AM , with crazed disc jockeys like Murray the K providing a running commentary of Beatlemania and whipping the fans into a frenzy . Those tiny transistor radios that the girls carried with them connected them to a larger community of Beatle lovers , a radio family who dressed alike , thought alike and shared the same obsession . Fifty years on that community sees Beatlemania as a special moment in time . There was an air of expectation in the crowd awaiting the Beatles at Kennedy : "  At the airport you could really feel that something was happening ... you felt like this was the beginning of the earthquake . " And it was . The Beatles touched teenagers like no other band before or after , lifting their fans ' gaze above the buying and selling of a commodity to an aura of hope and a state of transcendence . In 1964 music could change your life . The Beatles proved it . Read more : The Beatles of myth , the Beatles of reality Read more : Did Beatles push black music aside ? Read more : I was a Beatlemaniac The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andre Millard .	Historian Andre Millard says nobody will be able to recreate the excitement of Beatlemania The fractured digital world makes it impossible to completely command the media as the Beatles did back in 1964 Beatlemania 's anniversary might be the time to mark an end of the era , when records were something you treasure , he says
Iran and the United States rang in the Persian new year Tuesday with distinctly different messages for the Iranian people . President Barack Obama slammed the Islamic Republic 's crackdown on electronic communications and Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warned that Iran would not hesitate to strike back in the event of an attack on the Islamic republic . The beginning of the year 1391 took Khamenei to the massive Imam Reza shrine complex in the eastern city of Mashhad , where thousands jammed the mosque to hear the nation 's supreme leader . Khamenei denied Iran has nuclear capability or that it is trying to develop atomic weapons . But he warned that Iran will defend itself if the United States or Israel attacks -- words that only increase anxiety in Iran 's nuclear showdown with world powers . Sporadic chants of "  Death to America " erupted during Khamenei 's pauses in between his declarations of Iran 's greatness and the West 's inability to tear down the Islamic revolution 's achievements . Khamenei said the main reason for the West 's enmity toward Iran has to do with its desire to control Iran 's vast oil reserves . "  A nation 's prowess all depends on energy , on oil , " he said . "  It 's the Islamic Republic of Iran that they have a problem with because this republic has stood like a lion in their face . " Khamenei also urged Iranians to support domestic production to stave off the debilitating effects of international sanctions . He said the government must cooperate with local industries and financial institutions to boost production . He urged Iranians to buy local -- saying that Iranian-made products are just as good as foreign brands . "  You must seek Iran-made products , " he said . "  It 's in your hands , the hands of the people . When you consume , consume indigenously . " Obama , on the other hand , used the holiday , known as Nowruz , to remind the world of the Tehran regime 's attempts to curb the flow of information in and out of Iran . "  Like the iron curtain of the 20th century , an electronic curtain is descending as the Iranian regime attempts to control what its citizens see and hear , ' Obama said in a video new year 's message posted on YouTube in English , with Farsi and Arabic subtitles . "  To the people of Iran , this holiday comes at a time of continued tension between our two countries , " he said . "  But as people gather with their families , do good deeds , and welcome a new season , we are also reminded of the common humanity that we share . There is no reason for the United States and Iran to be divided from one another . "  Yet increasingly , the Iranian people are denied the basic freedom to access the information that they want . The Iranian government jams satellite signals to shut down television and radio broadcasts . It censors the Internet to control what the Iranian people can see and say . The regime monitors computers and cell phones for the sole purpose of protecting its own power . And in recent weeks , Internet restrictions have become so severe that Iranians can not communicate freely with their loved ones . " As a result of "  the actions of the Iranian regime , " Obama said , "  an electronic curtain has fallen around Iran -- a barrier that stops the free flow of information and ideas into the country , and denies the rest of the world the benefit of interacting with the Iranian people , who have so much to offer . " The Nowruz messages come at a time of heightened tensions between Iran and world powers . The United States and the European Union have targeted Iranian banks in an effort to persuade Iran to abandon any nuclear weapon ambitions . A nuclear watchdog agency report in November said Iran could potentially be developing a bomb . Israel has even hinted at pre-emptive strikes on Iranian nuclear plants to set shut down or , at least , set back Iran 's program . Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu recently discussed the matter at the White House . Iran has been reeling under the crush of sanctions that have severely devalued the currency and spiked prices of food and other basic commodities . Some Iranians told CNN that their Nowruz celebrations would be sharply tempered this year because of the economic situation -- they simply could not afford it . Khamenei urged unity among Iranians at this time . Disunity , he said , only emboldens Iran 's enemies . "  I hope 1391 , which begins today , will be joyful for our nation , ' Khamenei said . "  God almighty , defeat the enemies of this great nation . "	Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warns Iran will strike back if attacked He says Western nations want to control Iran 's oil In a video message , Obama says ` an electronic curtain ' is descending in Iran He says Iranians are denied access to information
Drum roll ... George Alexander Louis ! The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge announced Wednesday that they 've named their new bundle of joy . The tot "  will be known as His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge , " according to Clarence House , the official residence of heirs to the throne . iReport : Do you have a traditional family name ? Earlier Wednesday , word came that the couple are doing what new parents do : They are enjoying some incredibly sweet moments alone with their baby . The official statement said William and Catherine are now down to the business of getting "  to know their son . " The parents and the perhaps future king left Kensington Palace in London by car around lunchtime , UK media reported . The couple has been mum about their immediate schedules . British media were feverishly reporting where they might be , with the consensus being that the couple and child went to the village of Bucklebury , where Catherine 's parents live . Earlier Wednesday , Queen Elizabeth II went to Kensington Palace to see the newborn for the first time . Uncle Harry paid a visit , too , the palace told reporters . The public got its first look at the child Tuesday evening , outside the Lindo Wing of St. Mary 's Hospital in London . The prince and his wife said then that they had been "  working on a name . " "  So we 'll have that as soon as we can ... , " William said . "  It 's the first time we 've seen him really , so we 're having a proper chance to catch up . " Many bets were placed as the public waited for the announcement . British bookmakers Ladbrokes had George and James as favorites Wednesday , followed by Alexander , Arthur , Louis and Henry . Queen Ella ? King Terry ? What 's in a royal name ? William 's name was announced a few days after birth ; his brother Harry 's upon leaving the hospital . Interactive : World reacts to royal baby news The baby has a "  good pair of lungs , " the prince told well-wishers Tuesday evening . "  He 's got her looks , thankfully . " They took turns holding little George , wrapped in a cream-colored blanket . The parents waved . William said he 'd already changed his first diaper . "  It 's very emotional . It 's such a special time , " Catherine said . Third in line The 8-pound , 6-ounce boy was born Monday afternoon . He 's third in line , behind Charles and William , to the British throne . As well as ruling the United Kingdom , George Alexander Louis could one day be king of 15 other commonwealth countries that have the British monarch as head of state if none change their constitution in the meantime . They include Australia , Canada , New Zealand , Belize and Jamaica . On their way out of the hospital , the couple walked down the same steps where Diana , Princess of Wales , and Prince Charles gave the world its first look at Prince William 31 years ago . Confused about the royals ? Follow this handy family tree William placed the teeny royal heir in a car seat in the back of a black sport utility vehicle , then got behind the wheel for the trip to their residence at Kensington Palace . The grand apartment they will eventually move into within the palace , Apartment 1A , is still being refurbished , so William and Catherine have been living in a small cottage in the grounds . Interactive : World reacts to royal baby news The internal renovation work at Kensington Palace is due to be completed in the fall . The duke and duchess ' staff will also move into refurbished offices there , according to Buckingham Palace accounts released last month . The late Diana moved into Kensington Palace after marrying Prince Charles in 1981 . William and Harry were raised there . When she died in 1997 , mourners laid flowers and tributes outside the palace gates . ` Absolutely beautiful ' On Tuesday , London reverberated with the sound of cannon fire and peals of bells to mark the birth . Shortly before the new baby 's departure from St. Mary 's , Prince Charles stopped by for a brief visit with his first grandchild , accompanied by his wife , Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall . He told reporters it was "  marvelous . " And Catherine 's parents , Carole and Michael Middleton , visited earlier . As grandmothers tend to do , she described her grandbaby as "  absolutely beautiful . " She and her husband were "  so thrilled " about being grandparents . "  It was so exciting . It was fantastic , " said Eliza Wells , one of the well-wishers gathered outside the hospital . "  The crowd erupted , because everyone 's been waiting so long for it . " William and Catherine "  both seemed very relaxed , even with the press there and the crowd , " Wells said . "  They just seemed like a normal couple . " A normal life ? Royal commentators said the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will try to give their son as regular an upbringing as possible . But the intense media interest in the birth of the new prince highlights the challenge his parents face in trying to protect his privacy and maintain a degree of normalcy . "  This baby has two things stopping it from being normal , " historian Kate Williams said . "  No. 1 , it lives in a life of incredible wealth and privilege . ... No. 2 , it is an incredible celebrity , and we 've seen this with the coverage . " Opinion : Why I would n't want to be royal baby But Prince William loved that his mother tried to give him as normal a childhood as possible , including trips to the cinema and an amusement park , and sending him to a local private school as a boy . "  And that 's what he wants for little baby Cambridge , " Williams offered . Although the excitement over his birth is not universal , there 's no doubting the level of global interest in the prince . On Monday , there were more than 19 million Facebook interactions related to the royal baby , according to the site . His birth also took Twitter by storm .	The baby , third in line to the British throne , is Prince George of Cambridge The Duke and Duchess are spending private time with their newborn Prince Harry and Queen Elizabeth II visit Kensington Palace to meet the baby Catherine says , "  It 's such a special time , " while William says , "  He 's got her looks , thankfully "
CNN  -- If your screen looks a little girly on Sunday during the Miami Dolphins-New York Jets game , do not adjust your television . Referees will be using pink penalty flags at MetLife Stadium during the final weekend of Breast Cancer Awareness month . Dante Cano , the fifth-grader from Marlboro , New Jersey , came up with the idea -- and he went straight to the top . In a letter to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell , Cano wrote , "  My name is Dante Cano . I am 11 years old and I am from Marlboro , New Jersey . I wanted to know if you could use my idea of pink penalty flags in October for breast cancer awareness . " High school football player punished for pink He signed it , "  Please write back . " Goodell did better than write Dante back -- he implemented the 11-year old 's idea and invited Dante 's family to the game to present the pink penalty flags to the officials before the game . Goodell said he is looking forward to meeting Dante . "  Sometimes the simplest ideas can be the best , " Goodell said in a statement . "  I applaud Dante for sending his recommendation . " This is the fourth year the National Football League NFL has participated in a national breast cancer awareness campaign in association with the American Cancer Society . Games have featured pink game apparel , on-field ribbon stencils , special game balls and a pink coin . Breast cancer awareness : Not so pretty pink	When one of the Dolphins or Jets messes up Sunday , pink penalty flags will fly Referees will use them in final weekend of Breast Cancer Awareness month Fifth-grader Dante Cano passed the idea to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell Goodell ran with it and has invited the Cano family to the game
CNN  -- Like many schools in heavily urban areas , there are metal detectors , the neighborhood is poorer than many and 90 % of the students qualify for free or subsidized lunches . But there 's a real difference at TechBoston Academy in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston . At this school , 95 % of the students are routinely accepted into college . Headmaster Mary Skipper has overseen this pilot model public school since it opened in 2002 as a partnership between the public school system , private business and philanthropists . "  It 's a total team effort , " Skipper told CNN . "  It starts with having quality teachers who are committed and hard-working . " And those metal detectors , Skipper sees them as a symbol and a metaphor . They "  keep the street in the street and the school in the school , " she said . The simple act of walking through the metal detectors each day helps students "  forget all that outside stuff for that moment of time . " "  When you 're in here , you 're here to succeed . " And success has come to this small experimental school . President Barack Obama along with Melinda Gates , co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , and Education Secretary Arne Duncan will tour TechBoston Academy on Tuesday . The president will showcase the school 's success story and discuss the shared responsibility of investing in education to win the future . "  There is no better economic policy than one that produces more graduates , " Obama says in prepared remarks for a speech he will give to TechBoston students and teachers . "  That 's why reforming education is the responsibility of every American -- every parent , every teacher , every business leader , every public official , and every student . " TechBoston Academy opened with 75 students and a $ 400,000 grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , as well as support from other private and philanthropic organizations . Today enrollment is more than 800 students in 6th through 12th grades . Its mission is to better educate kids using technology as an integral part of that education . Every student enrolling at TechBoston receives his or her own laptop . Forget chalkboards , each classroom has its own SMART board , a high tech , interactive white board . Technology giants like Microsoft , Apple , Dell and Cisco are benefactors . But Skipper , the headmaster , insists the success of the partnership is a result of much more than material donations . "  It 's more than pulling up trucks and dropping things off , " according to Skipper , who says it 's the continuing relationship the companies pursue with the school that makes the difference . For instance , SMART boards are excellent tools in the classroom , but when companies work to develop teachers ' skills in learning new and different ways to use those boards , it makes the technology all the more enriching . Another way the corporate partners help students is by opening job-shadow opportunities to them . "  They go out and see what 's possible with a degree ... what doors will open for me , " according to Skipper , who says putting her students in the workplace alongside engineers , scientists or technicians -- many of whom come from similar impoverished backgrounds -- is invaluable . Eighty to 90 % of TechBoston 's students are first-generation college applicants . The White House will announce a new program on Tuesday with $ 90 million in competitive grants for educators who create dramatic breakthroughs using technology for teaching and learning . Duncan said in a conference call with reporters on Monday that the program is part of a larger plan to remake the Department of Education into a "  department with a laser-like focus on innovation . " "  Technology has transformed how folks do business . It 's transformed how folks interact socially , " said Duncan . "  It 's led to literally , you know , huge , revolutionary changes in places like Egypt . But technology frankly has n't had that kind of impact on the education space yet . " "  We want to invest in that next generation of tools that could help us get the much better student outcomes for ideally a fraction of the time and a fraction of the cost , " Duncan added . At TechBoston Academy , that vision has become reality , and Skipper sees the cycle of failure breaking . Former students are now back at the school -- this time as teaching aides -- as they pursue their education degrees . The headmaster proudly confided that she asked them why they had chosen teaching . "  They told me , ` because education changed my life , ' " she said . CNN 's Sally Holland contributed to this report	The White House will unveil grants for teaching breakthroughs involving technology 80 % to 90 % of TechBoston 's students are first generation college applicants President Barack Obama and Education Secretary Arne Duncan will be at the school An average of 95 % of the students at TechBoston are accepted into college
The scene was somber , sullen and mostly silent outside the Turkish coal mine . But every so often , the grief came out loud and clear . "  Enough for the life for me ! " yelled one woman -- her arms flailing , tears running down her cheeks -- according to video from Turkish broadcaster DHA . "  Let this mine take my life , too ! " As she was pulled away , she added , "  Enough is enough . " Sadly , the torment for her and many others is n't over . Yes , rescuers did save at least 88 miners in the frantic moments after a power transformer blew up Tuesday during shift change at the mine in the western Turkish city of Soma , sparking a choking fire deep inside . But another 274 are known dead , according to Turkey 's Natural Disaster and Emergency Coordination Directorate . Those who underwent autopsies died of carbon monoxide poisoning , Energy Minister Taner Yildiz said . There is every expectation that number will grow . Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Wednesday as many as 120 more were trapped inside the mine , though that was before rescue crews grimly hurried a series of stretchers -- at least some clearly carrying corpses -- past the waiting crowd . As helicopters buzzed overheard and flags flew at half-staff , police and rescue workers were everywhere on the scene Wednesday night . But for most , there was precious little they could do . The smoke rose from openings in the ground showed the continuing dangers both to those trapped and anyone who dared try to get them . Rescue volunteer Mustafa Gursoy told the CNN team at the mine that conditions inside the mine were abominable -- hot , smoky and filled with carbon monoxide . Authorities worked to pump in good air into the mine , so they could get in . However , as Davitt McAteer , a former top U.S. mine safety official points out , sending in oxygen likely would "  increase the likelihood that the fire would grow and continue to put those miners at risk . " These stiff challenges notwithstanding , rescuers have n't given up hope that some miners reached emergency chambers stocked with gas masks and air . "  If they could reach those emergency rooms and reach their gas masks and close the doors and protect those emergency areas from the poison gas , then they could survive , " Gursoy said . "  It 's possible . We are ready for anything . " But Yildiz , speaking earlier , said "  hopes are diminishing " of rescuing anyone yet inside the mine . Veysel Sengul has already given up . The miner knew that four of his friends -- at least -- are dead . "  It 's too late , " said Sengul . "  There 's no more hope . " Political fallout The trauma from what already looks like the worst mine disaster in Turkish history has left Soma and the rest of Turkey in shock and , in some cases , in anger . The latest death toll already tops a mining accident in the 1990s that took 260 lives . Even as officials in the United States and elsewhere offered their condolences to his people , Erdogan found himself on the defensive . Opposition politician Ozgur Ozel from the Manisa region had filed a proposal in late April to investigate Turkish mines after repeated deadly accidents . In some incidents three people died , in others , five , said opposition spokesman Aykut Erdogdu . And Ozel wanted to get to the bottom of the deaths . Several dozen members of opposition parties signed on to his proposal , but the conservative government overturned it . Some of its members publicly lampooned it , he said . Erdogan questioned Ozel 's version , and said the mine had passed safety inspections as recently as March . The mine , owned by SOMA Komur Isletmeleri A.S. , underwent regular inspections in the past three years , two of them this March , Turkey 's government said . Inspectors reported no violation of health and safety laws . The company has taken down its regular website and replaced it with a single Web page in all black containing a message of condolence . Not everyone in Soma , at least , has sided with Erdogan , who canceled a trip to Albania to tour the rescue effort and speak to relatives of dead and injured miners . He was met by a chorus of jeers as well as chants of "  Resign Prime Minister ! " while walking through the city Wednesday , according to DHA video . Video from that network , social media messages and pictures posted to Twitter showed hundreds participating in anti-government protests in Istanbul and Ankara , with police answering in some cases with water cannons and tear gas . While not focused on mine safety , such demonstrations railing against Erdogan and his government have been commonplace in Turkey in recent months , as has the police responding with water cannons and tear gas . In the nation 's capital of Ankara , some called for silent demonstration to "  stand for humanity . " Others left black coffins in front of the Energy Ministry and the Labor and Social Security ministry buildings . That grim symbol speaks to the sadness permeating Turkey , whatever one 's political bent . For Sengul , the miner waiting by the tunnel entrance for more of his friends to emerge , the mourning may go on much longer than the three days ordered by Erdogan . After what 's happened , he said , he 'll never work in a mine again . 2 West Virginia coal miners killed	Protesters lay symbolic coffins at government buildings , rail against Erdogan 274 are confirmed dead after an explosion , fire inside a mine in western Turkey 88 workers made it out of the mine ; dozens may be trapped Miner says there 's "  no hope " that anyone else is still alive
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A human rights protester was in police custody Monday after throwing a shoe at Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao during a speech at Cambridge University . The shoe landed several meters from Wen Jiabao . The shoe landed several meters from the premier and the man was quickly apprehended by security and handed over to police for questioning on suspicion of committing a public order offence , according to witnesses . A student who witnessed the incident told CNN that the man had stood up and shouted , "  Why are you prostituting yourself ? How can you listen to the lies he is telling ? " Cameras filming the speech remained fixed on Wen during the incident , but video images later showed an unidentified student being escorted out of the building by a university proctor . The student was then handed over to police , a university spokesman , who would not disclose his name due to ` university regulations , ' told CNN . "  Fortunately the incident did not spoil the event . The auditorium was full , with nearly 500 people present , of whom just one misbehaved , " a the spokesman said . "  At no stage was there any serious threat to the Premier , or anyone else . " The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs said of the incident : "  The Chinese side has expressed its strong feelings against the occurrence of the incident . The British side said that they are very sorry that the incident should have happened and the person will be dealt with according to law . Facts have shown that the despicable behavior of the perpetrator is extremely unpopular and can in no way stem the tide of the growing friendly relations and cooperation between China and Britain . " The incident occurred while Wen , on a three day visit to the UK to strengthen economic ties , was speaking about China 's role amid the global economic recession . On Sunday , several hundred Tibetan activists had demonstrated outside the Chinese Embassy Sunday to protest his visit to London . China has long been criticized by the international community for its human rights record in Tibet , where many Tibetans are pushing for greater autonomy and religious freedom . Monday 's shoe-throwing incident is the second of its kind in less than two months . In December , an Iraqi journalist narrowly missed striking then-U.S. President George W. Bush with both his shoes during a news conference in Baghdad , where Bush was making a farewell visit . -- CNN 's Per Nyberg and Bridget Fallon in London , Jomana Karadsheh in Baghdad , and Erin Mclaughlin in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Shoe thrown at Wen Jiabao during lecture at Britain 's Cambridge University Man in custody following incident ; shoe landed meters from Chinese premier Human rights protests have followed Wen during his UK visit
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is one of the leading leftist figures in Latin America and one of the United States ' most vocal critics , aligning himself with former Cuban President Fidel Castro and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . With a win in Sunday 's elections , the 58-year-old Chavez , who has been in power since 1999 , will enter a fourth term in office and extend his presidency into 2019 , or two full decades in power . Hugo Chavez wins re-election When first elected on December 6 , 1998 , in a landslide , Chavez was at age 44 the youngest person in the nation 's history to become president . Between June 2011 and May 2012 , he underwent cancer treatment in Cuba , raising speculation about his political future and a possible successor when he named 10 people to his inner circle of advisers , known as the Council of State . But the following month he announced his re-election bid , and in July this year he declared himself cancer-free . In a country where more than a quarter live in poverty , the charismatic Chavez has inspired "  fierce loyalty " among the poor thanks largely to his social programs , according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies . His socialist agenda has also overseen the nationalization of property and firms in numerous industries , such as finance , agribusiness , construction , oil , steel and gold . Chavez himself came from a modest background -- born the son of schoolteachers on July 28 , 1954 in Sabaneta , a city in Venezuela 's Barinas state . From a young age he was influenced by Simon Bolivar , the Venezuelan soldier and politician who led the Latin American independence movement against Spain during the early 19th century . Chavez would style himself in the Bolivar mold , dubbing his own revolution "  Chavismo . " His legacy will be one of both "  self-styled Latin American Robin Hood " and "  shrewd autocrat using and abusing his country 's oil riches to stay in power , " CNN 's Paula Newton wrote . According to the World Bank , oil accounts for more than 30 % of Venezuela 's gross domestic product , 90 % of its exports and 50 % of fiscal income . Chavez 's political and professional ascent was a colorful one . An avid baseball player , he had once dreamed of a baseball career but joined the army after graduating from the Military Academy of Venezuela in Caracas in 1975 . Five colorful quotes from Hugo Chavez Amid festering social tensions in 1992 , Chavez , by then a lieutenant colonel , led an unsuccessful coup against President Carlos Andres Perez for which he was imprisoned for two years . Upon his release by the new President Rafael Caldera Rodriguez , Chavez formed the opposition Fifth Republic Movement , a vehicle for him to criticize government corruption and the two-party system . He cast himself as the anti-establishment figure , vowing to dissolve Congress and redistribute the nation 's oil wealth . Voters responded , catapulting him to the presidency . After being sworn into office in February 1999 , his government created a new constitution that required a "  mega-election " in 2000 for every elected official . It was under this new constitution that Chavez was reelected to a six-year presidency in 2000 . But within two years , he faced major setbacks as opposition to his social agenda grew , culminating in massive protests and a coup in 2002 . Although the military had been behind Chavez 's removal , his replacement , Pedro Carmona , would dissolve the National Assembly and suspend the constitution , leading the military to force Carmona himself to resign . In a series of musical chairs , Chavez 's vice president , Diosdado Cabello , was sworn in as president , after which he immediately restored Chavez to power . These events took place over four days . Another showdown came in the form of a presidential recall referendum in 2004 . Chavez survived that one too . Chavez , known for marathon speeches , has long been a critic of the United States . He was a particularly vocal opponent of the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan in the wake of the 2001 terror attacks and of the Iraq war . In 2006 , he rebuked then-President George W. Bush in a speech at the U.N. General Assembly , stating , "  The devil came here yesterday , and it smells of sulfur still today . " He has also speculated that Washington was behind the cancer that afflicted five Latin American presidents , including himself , in recent years . By the end of 2006 , Chavez would be re-elected to his third term , with a little less than two-thirds of the vote . His term would see the passage of more constitutional changes , including indefinite re-election , as well as the stifling of political dissent , such as the closure of opposition radio stations and moves against private broadcaster Globovision . He would also strengthen relations with Iran -- a country he has visited nine times and with which Venezuela has signed more than 270 accords . Of the four nations on Ahmadinejad 's Latin American tour earlier this year , Venezuela was the first . Chavez has been married twice and has five children .	Chavez 's socialist agenda has overseen nationalization in numerous industries His legacy is one of "  Latin American Robin Hood " and "  shrewd autocrat " He announced his re-election bid after declaring himself cancer-free in July Chavez , at 44 , was Venezuela 's youngest person to be elected president in 1998
CNN  -- For a country of just 2.1 million people in an area more than twice the size of Germany , Namibia has seen more than its share of conflict over the past 120 years . Dragged into the 20th century as a German imperial protectorate , German South-West Africa , as it was known then , was the scene of violent insurrections by indigenous people and brutal crackdowns by colonial administrators . In 2004 , Germany offered its first formal apology for the massacre of an estimated 65,000 members of the Herero tribe who sustained a rebellion between 1904 and 1907 before they were forced into the desert where many perished . Descendants of the few survivors are still seeking $ 4 billion compensation from the German government for what they claim was an orchestrated campaign of extermination that pre-figured Germany 's genocidal policies of the Second World War . Namibia 's troubled history continued deep into the 20th century : in 1920 the League of Nations mandated the country to South Africa , which imposed its apartheid laws on the region after 1948 . In 1966 , the Marxist South-West Africa People 's Organization  Swapo  launched a war of independence for the area that became Namibia . The simmering guerilla campaign continued for 22 years , when South Africa agreed to end administration of the region under a U.N. peace plan . Swapo has governed since Namibia won independence in 1990 in a functioning democracy that saw Hifikepunye Pohamba take his second five-year term as president following elections in 2009 . Test your knowledge of Namibia Even with independence , Namibia 's problems continued . In the 1990s , a secessionist movement in the Caprivi Strip , in eastern Namibia , caused thousands to flee to Botswana . The government has since calmed the restive region , declaring it safe for tourism . Today Namibia struggles with huge unemployment  around 50 % of the population , according to the CIA World Factbook  . HIV/AIDs affects 15 % of the population , according to data compiled by the World Health Organization and more than half the population lives below the international poverty line of $ 1.25 a day , according to data from the UN . With one of the highest rates of income inequality in the world , the result , in large part , of a rural , cashless subsistence economy , land reform is one of Namibia 's most hotly contested issues . There are believed to be 4,000 commercial farms - mostly white-owned - that occupy up to half of Namibia 's arable land . The government 's aim is to resettle landless Namibians on this land on a "  willing buyer , willing seller " arrangement . However , expropriations have taken place because too few farmers have been willing to sell . In a bid to speed up the land reform process , the government has moved to loosen up restrictive terms that heavily favored the government in negotiations with farmers over land sales . Just 1,000 of these commercial farms have been purchased by the government as part of its land reform program , and white farmers must offer the government first refusal on any sale of land . Continuing wrangling has acted as a serious disincentive to further investment in the country 's valuable arable land . Currently , mining -- particularly diamonds , copper , gold , zinc , lead , uranium -- constitutes more than 12 % of Namibia 's GDP , according to government figures . Its other largest sectors are tourism , agriculture at more than 9 % and manufacturing at more than 15 % . The latter , however , struggles as it competes with a highly subsidized manufacturing sector in neighboring South Africa . Ultimately , however , Namibia 's most precious resource is likely to be water . Sandwiched between two of the world 's most famous deserts - the Namib and the Kalahari - Namibia is the driest country in sub-Saharan Africa , with less than 370mm of rainfall on average each year . Send in your photos of Namibia However , this year the Namibian department of water affairs announced the discovery of a significant body of underground water - an aquifer dubbed Ohangwena II - that scientists say could supply the north of the country with enough water for centuries . Situated on the border with Angola , Namibia 's side of the 10,000-year-old aquifer covers an area about 70km by 40km  43 miles by 25 miles  . Project manager Martin Quinger , from the German Federal Institute for Geoscience and Natural Resources  BGR  , told the Namibia Sun that it was a substantial body of water and could supply 40 % of the nation 's population for as long as 400 years . "  Old water can be , unlike old beer , very fresh and clean , as it was infiltrated before environmental pollution was an issue , " Quinger told the newspaper . CNN 's Eye On series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Namibia is over twice the size of Germany and the driest country in sub-Saharan Africa Colonized by Germany and later ruled by apartheid-era South Africa Independence came in 1990 after 22 years of war Stark beauty of landscape and deserts matched by challenges to improve economy and lives of Namibians
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The number of Tibetans in China who have set themselves on fire to protest Beijing 's rule has reached 100 , according to Tibetan advocacy groups . Lobsang Namgyal , a 37-year-old former monk , set himself on fire earlier this month in Aba prefecture , known in Tibetan as Ngaba , an ethnically Tibetan area of the Chinese province of Sichuan , according to Free Tibet , a London-based advocacy group . "  This grim milestone should be a source of shame to the Chinese authorities who are responsible and to the world leaders who have yet to show any leadership in response to the ongoing crisis in Tibet , " said Stephanie Brigden , the director of Free Tibet . Self-immolation has become a desperate form of protest in recent years for ethnic Tibetans unhappy with Chinese rule , and it shows no sign of abating . Of the 100 Tibetans who have now set themselves on fire in China , at least 82 are believed to have died from the act , according to the International Campaign for Tibet . Lobsang Namgyal died at the scene , and his body was removed by local authorities , who cremated it and returned the ashes to his family , Free Tibet said in a statement Wednesday without specifying where it got the information . Timeline of Tibetan protests in China The advocacy group said it had taken 10 days to confirm his self-immolation , which took place February 3 , "  because Tibetans are too frightened of Chinese state reprisals to speak about protests . " Independently verifying the reported self-immolations inside China is often difficult because of restrictions on reporting from the restive areas and the reluctance of local officials to comment on the accounts provided by foreign groups such as Free Tibet . Local authorities in Aba declined to comment on the case on Thursday , and the Chinese foreign ministry did n't immediately respond to a request for comment . Self-immolation began as a form of protest among Tibetans in China in February 2009 , when a young monk set himself on fire in Aba . In March 2011 , another young monk followed in his footsteps , becoming the first to die . Scores of others have since followed suit , with the frequency of the self-immolations increasing significantly last year , according to Free Tibet . Another Tibetan sets himself on fire Protests in other countries Several other Tibetans have carried out self-immolations in other countries , including India . And on Wednesday , a Tibetan man set himself on fire in front of a famous Buddhist shrine in the Nepalese capital of Kathmandu , police said . The man later died of his injuries while undergoing treatment in a hospital , police spokesman Keshav Adhikari said Thursday . Sandwiched between China and India , Nepal is home to thousands of Tibetan refugees . Many of the Tibetans who cross the Himalayan border from China into Nepal eventually make their way to India , where the Tibetan government in exile is based . But Tibetan refugees in Nepal have claimed the Chinese government officials are pressuring their Nepalese counterparts to make the country less hospitable to Tibetans . Beijing has taken a tough line on Tibetan self-immolators and their associates inside China , accusing the Dalai Lama , the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader , of fomenting unrest . Last month , a court in southwestern China gave heavy sentences to two ethnic Tibetans convicted of murder for "  inciting " people to set themselves on fire . The Dalai Lama , who fled to India in 1959 after a failed uprising , has long denied China 's assertion that he 's seeking Tibetan independence . He says he wants only enough autonomy to protect its traditional Buddhist culture . Beijing rejects accusations of oppression , saying that under its rule , living standards have greatly improved for the Tibetan people . It makes centuries-old historical claims on the region . CNN staff in Beijing and journalist Manesh Shrestha in Kathmandu contributed to this report .	NEW : The Tibetan man who set himself on fire in Nepal has died , police say The 100th Tibetan to self-immolate inside China is a former monk , Free Tibet says He set himself on fire on February 3 , but it took time for news of the act to emerge Dozens of Tibetans have self-immolated in recent years to protest Chinese rule
London  CNN  Britain 's Prince Andrew does not have plans to take legal action against a woman who has named him in a sex abuse lawsuit in Florida , CNN learned Tuesday . The allegation that he had sex with an underage girl , made in a federal court filing in Florida last week , has been firmly rejected by Buckingham Palace . "  It is emphatically denied that the Duke of York had any form of sexual contact or relationship with Virginia Roberts . Any claim to the contrary is false and without foundation , " the palace said in a statement Monday . A palace spokesman , who is not named per custom , pointed out Friday that Prince Andrew is not a direct party to the "  ongoing civil proceedings in the United States . " At the same time , prominent U.S. attorney Alan Dershowitz , facing a similar accusation , has filed a motion asking a federal court to "  strike the allegations made against him " regarding alleged sexual misconduct involving underage girls . In the same document , filed Monday , Dershowitz requested "  a show cause order " against the lawyers for the woman making this claim "  and awarding such other relief that the Court deems just and proper . " Along with Prince Andrew and others , Dershowitz was named in the court filing in Florida as one of the prominent people who had sexual contact with teenage girls through self-made billionaire Jeffrey Epstein , who pleaded guilty some years ago in Florida to a state charge of prostitution solicitation . Dershowitz , a Harvard University professor and high-profile lawyer , has never been charged with a crime in this case , nor has he been sued by the alleged victim . He rejected the allegations in an interview with CNN 's "  New Day " on Monday and later , while speaking to CNN 's Hala Gorani . ` Greatest man there is ' Amid the swirl of allegations , Andrew 's ex-wife Sarah Ferguson reportedly gave strong backing Monday to her former husband , the Duke of York . She spoke to reporters in Verbier in the Swiss Alps , where she had been on a ski holiday with Andrew and their daughter Eugenie , according to UK media reports . "  The York family is a tight unit . We 've always been a tight unit , " the Telegraph newspaper quoted Ferguson as saying . "  He is the greatest man there is . It was the finest moment of my life in 1986 when I married him . He is a great man , the best in the world . " Andrew is a son of Queen Elizabeth II and a brother of Prince Charles , the next in line for the British throne . State plea deal The federal court filing alleges that the woman , referred to as Jane Doe # 3 , was forced to have sex with several men when she was a teenager . Roberts made the allegations in the civil motion filed last week in U.S. District Court in southern Florida , joined by another unnamed woman . While Roberts was not identified by name in the filing , her name was widely reported in the British news media over the weekend , and Buckingham Palace included it in the statement .  Dershowitz noted that in his CNN interview , it was CNN that identified her by name . Roberts and another woman are seeking to join two other women who are arguing in federal court for the U.S. government to take a fresh look at its case involving Epstein . The investment banker agreed to a state plea deal in 2007 and began serving an 18-month sentence in 2008 , according to The New York Times . Epstein was the subject of a federal investigation , but a deal allowed him to plead guilty to a lesser state charge and avoid a potential federal case , the Times and The Washington Post reported . Prince Andrew has been photographed with Epstein . The prince previously issued an apology for his friendship with the scandal-plagued billionaire . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and Max Foster reported from London , with Greg Botelho writing from Atlanta .	CNN learns that Prince Andrew will not take legal action over the allegations Buckingham Palace strenuously denies claim that he had sex with an underage girl
Trayvon Martin walked into a 7-Eleven in Sanford , Florida , grabbing a bag of Skittles and a can of Arizona iced tea . The hood from his dark gray sweatshirt over his head , he walked up to the counter , reached deep into his pants ' pockets , paid the clerk , then walked out . This seemingly mundane act , captured on a surveillance video , would be the last image the 17-year-old 's loved ones would have of him alive . While questions still remain , what happened next to Martin on the night of February 26 became clearer on Thursday with the release of scores of pages of investigative and medical examiner 's reports , in addition to new images of Martin 's shooter and the 7-Eleven video . Martin did n't live in Sanford , a central Florida city of about 53,000 people . Yet by that winter night , he 'd been there for seven days , after being suspended for the third time from Dr. Michael M. Krop High School in Miami , in this instance , for 10 days after drug residue was found in his backpack , according to records obtained by the Miami Herald . His father Tracy had taken his son four hours away from home because neither he or Trayvon Martin 's mother wanted the teen to stay in his hometown where he could enjoy time with his friends , family friend and former football coach Jerome Horton recalled later . That Sunday night , Martin was supposed to be getting a snack and heading back to the Sanford home of his father 's fiance . It was on that walk back that he encountered George Zimmerman , a 28-year-old neighborhood watch volunteer . Some details as to Martin 's thought process around that time may someday be gleaned from what he told his girlfriend back in Miami in a cell phone conversation , his family 's lawyers said . The boyfriend and girlfriend spoke at 7:12 p.m. Zimmerman 's voice , meanwhile , comes through on a 911 call he made around that time , telling a dispatcher about "  a real suspicious guy . " "  This guy looks like he 's up to no good , or he 's on drugs or something . It 's raining , and he 's just walking around . " The dispatcher asked Zimmerman , who 'd called 911 at least four times previously for other incidents , if he was following the person . He replies , "  Yes . " "  OK . We do n't need you to do that , " the dispatcher responded . But Zimmerman followed him anyway . What happened next is a matter of dispute . Martin and Zimmerman were obviously in the middle of it , but no one else saw all that happened . One witness later told police that "  she heard a commotion , which sounded like arguing , " while another mentioned "  loud talking . " And on one 911 call , placed by a neighbor , a police sergeant counted one man yelling "  help ! " or "  help me ! " 14 times in a span of 38 seconds . Who was yelling ? When the 911 calls were later played back for him and he was asked if they were from his son , an emotional Tracy Martin "  quietly responded ` no ' . " But an FBI analysis , also detailed on Thursday , said it could n't be determined whose voice it was due to the "  extreme emotional state " of whomever was yelling , a lack of words from which to compare , overlapping voices and "  insufficient voice quality " on the recording . The same analysis also did n't reach conclusions as to whether Zimmerman used a racial epithet to describe Martin on his own 911 call , as some have alleged . Martin 's family have said they believe Zimmerman , a white Hispanic , profiled the African-American teen . Numerous witnesses , however , did clearly hear a gunshot . It came from Zimmerman 's black , 9mm semiautomatic hand gun . The bullet went into Martin 's left chest and lodged there . Police headed to the neighborhood after Zimmerman 's initial 911 call , but did n't arrive until after the fatal shot . They found Martin "  face down in the grass . " A sergeant checked and could n't find a pulse . For the next six minutes , he and another police officer teamed up to conduct CPR on the teen . A plastic bag , brought by a neighbor , was used to seal his chest wound . Firefighters and EMS from the Sanford Fire Department arrived at 7:27 p.m. , to continue efforts to try to save him . Three minutes later , at 7:30 p.m. , Martin was pronounced dead . Aside from a small scratch on one finger , that gunshot wound was the only apparent injury the teenager suffered . A medical examiner 's report later found trace elements of THC , an element of marijuana , in his system , though experts pointed out the challenge in equating the levels found with Martin 's level of intoxication at the time of his death . One officer who lifted Martin 's shirt at the scene "  felt a large , cold can in the center pocket " of the teen 's hoodie , which was the iced tea he 'd bought just minutes before . Blood was later spotted on his Skittles , along with a lighter , a T-Mobile brand cell phone , headphones and $ 40 and some change . A witness told police that , after the gunshot , she saw a "  larger " man standing over Martin . Police who arrived described the shooter , Zimmerman , as compliant in answering their questions and willingly putting on handcuffs . He had blood on his nose -- with one officer saying it appeared "  broken , " while noting "  swelling " of his face -- and , as photographs showed , blood on the back of his head . His back was wet and soiled , as if he 'd been in grass . Zimmerman claimed that Martin had attacked him , hitting him in the nose and knocking him back into the pavement . It was only then , in self-defense , that he 'd taken out his gun and shot the teen , he said . Tests , the results of which were made public Thursday , would show evidence of Zimmerman 's hands on the firearm , but not Martin 's . An analysis of scrapings from underneath the teenager 's fingernails did not contain any of Zimmerman 's DNA , as might rub off in the case of a prolonged struggle . At the scene , Zimmerman declined to be transported to the hospital despite his apparent injuries . A police officer reiterated that offer after Zimmerman complained his head hurt and he felt lightheaded while being driven to the Sanford Police Department . But again he turned it down . While at the police station , Zimmerman requested some tissues , water and to go to the bathroom , but little else . He ended up turning over his clothes to police but , after being questioned and putting on a change of clothes brought in by his wife , he headed home . Tracy Martin , meanwhile , did n't know where his son was . He filed a missing person 's complaint on the morning of February 27 , telling authorities that his son had n't returned from going to the store the previous evening . Police then showed Tracy Martin a picture taken from the crime scene , and he confirmed the dead teenager was , in fact , Trayvon . As to Zimmerman , he remained in limbo for weeks . Police had declined to arrest him that night , saying there was n't enough evidence to refute his self-defense claim . But the investigation continued . In a capias request , a request that someone be taken into custody , on March 13 , police described what happened as "  ultimately avoidable by Zimmerman , if Zimmerman had remained in his vehicle and awaited the arrival of law enforcement , or conversely if he had identified himself to Martin as a concerned citizen and initiated dialog  sic  in an effort to dispel each party 's concern . "  There is no indication that Trayvon Martin was involved in any criminal activity . " On April 11 , special prosecutor Angela Corey announced that Zimmerman was being charged with second-degree murder . He was subsequently arrested and , eventually , released on bail . The start of his scheduled trial has not yet been set .	George Zimmerman shot and killed Trayvon Martin on February 26 New details released Thursday show how police crafted their case Martin was pronounced dead minutes after police arrived Zimmerman had a bloody nose and head , photographs show
CNN Student News  -- November 17 , 2014 We 're kicking off the week with news from Australia , Mexico , and the atmosphere over our heads . What exactly is an omega block , and how does it differ from a bomb cyclone or the polar vortex ? What is the G20 ? We 've got the answers in this Monday 's show . We 're also reporting on an AP U.S. History controversy involving both the College Board and some school boards across the country . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- In 1976 , Jo Freeman published an essay in Ms. Magazine titled , "  Trashing : The Dark Side of Sisterhood , " which described how groups of women within the feminist movement attacked and ostracized those seen as too visible or ambitious . "  To do something significant , to be recognized , to achieve , is to imply that one is ` making it off other women 's oppression ' or that one thinks oneself better than other women , " she wrote . The piece struck a chord , receiving more letters in response than anything else the magazine had printed . As various over-the-top denunciations of Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg , the avowedly feminist author of "  Lean In : Women , Work and the Will to Lead , " suggest , it remains depressingly relevant decades later . Not all the critiques of "  Lean In " have been unfair or unduly personal , but there has been enough viciousness directed toward Sandberg to indicate that a lot of women , some self-described feminists among them , still have a problem with female power . ` Having it all ' : 10 views With trademark alliteration , New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd called Sandberg a "  PowerPoint Pied Piper in Prada ankle boots . " A USA Today column accused her of waging a "  war on moms , " and Melissa Gira Grant , writing in the Washington Post , went after her for relying on a staff "  to help keep house , raise her children and throw her women 's leadership dinners . " Unconsciously echoing Freeman 's essay , Grant wrote that there is "  simply no way for women to lean in without leaning on the backs of other women . " This was especially ironic because Grant , who writes frequently about sex work , often argues that it 's wrong to assume that prostitutes are exploited , because that denies their agency . Apparently men who hire hookers are n't taking advantage of them , but women who hire nannies are . Why are women so much harder on other women than they are on men ? Part of it seems to be because they expect so much more . The assumption that women should be altruistic and self-effacing pervades both mainstream society and some precincts of the feminist movement . It 's OK if women advocate on behalf of the collective , but not if they champion themselves . As Freeman wrote , "  Among women there are two roles perceived as permissible : the ` helper ' and the ` helped . ' " Opinion : Guilt poisons women This creates difficulties for women from both above and below . As Sandberg writes in "  Lean In , " women seeking raises and promotions ca n't simply use the same techniques as their male peers , because they 'll be judged far more harshly ; instead , she recommends that women smile a lot and speak in terms of "  we " instead of "  I. " She does n't dwell as much on how powerful women are regarded by those with less power , but the reception of her book has demonstrated that part of what 's tricky about women 's attempts to lead is getting others to follow . This is n't just about Sheryl Sandberg . Polls pretty consistently show that women and men prefer male bosses over female ones , although the margin has been narrowing . Interestingly , according to a 2011 Gallup Poll , those who have female bosses are more likely to say they 'd rather work for a woman . The aversion to female leadership , then , comes from prejudice rather than negative experience with actual women , and can dissipate as more women attain positions of authority . Their quests for more authority , however , will continue to inspire disproportionate hostility . This does n't mean that Sandberg or any other woman deserves support simply for her gender . It does mean they should n't be held to a higher standard than men . Balancing work and family : How do you make it work ? Consider , for example , the very different way the activism of Facebook co-founder Chris Hughes has been received . Hughes , like Sandberg , is extremely , even obscenely rich , and he and his husband have used part of their wealth to become major champions of same-sex marriage . Maybe someone somewhere has argued that their work for gay rights means little because it stems from self-interest , or that they should n't be focusing on a bourgeois issue like marriage that does little for , say , homeless gay teenagers . If such critics are out there , though , they 're certainly not on the pages of our major newspapers . When women have the temerity to marshal power on their own behalf , the response is much more negative , and one ca n't always tell the difference between those who resent women and those who resent power . As Freeman wrote about "  trashing , " it was often "  clothed in the rhetoric of revolution and feminism . But underneath are some very traditional ideas about women 's proper roles . " Editor 's note : Join CNN Opinion on Facebook for a live discussion about women and the workplace on Tuesday from noon to 1 p.m. ET . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Goldberg .	Michelle Goldberg : Sandberg backlash shows many women have issues with female power It seems OK if women advocate for the collective , she says , but not if they blow their own horns Goldberg : Women seeking authority inspire disproportionate hostility , much more than men She says women seem to be harder on each other because they expect so much more
CNN  -- Monday , January 18 10:32 p.m. -- The Haitian National Police force in Port-au-Prince , normally with 4,000 people , has dropped to about 1,500 people since last week 's quake , according to National Police Chief Mario Andresol . Many of those who have n't reported to work are dead or injured , he says . 9:56 p.m. -- The American Red Cross and UNICEF 's United States Fund have raised nearly $ 5 million since 8 p.m. ET , when "  Haiti How You Can Help , " a special "  Larry King Live , " started , according to CNN 's Larry King . The show ends at 10 p.m. ET and is scheduled to repeat at midnight . How you can help 9:47 p.m. -- Maxine Fallon , the 23-year-old student rescued today in the rubble of a building at Universite G.O.C. in Port-au-Prince , says she was pressed in the same position , with legs folded uncomfortably and very little wiggle room , for all six days she was trapped , CNN 's Chris Lawrence reports . Watch | Read 9:39 p.m. -- The American Red Cross and UNICEF 's United States Fund have raised $ 2.9 million since 8 p.m. ET , when "  Haiti How You Can Help , " a special "  Larry King Live , " started , according to CNN 's Larry King . The show lasts until 10 p.m. ET . 9:36 p.m. -- While visiting the injured at a U.N. clinic in Port-au-Prince , Haitian President Rene Preval says his country -- already the Western Hemisphere 's poorest -- needs not only medicine and food , but also long-term reconstruction assistance . "  The more we receive help , the more we can take care of them , " he said . 9:12 p.m. -- A U.S. Air Force cargo plane on Monday , bypassing the gridlock at Haiti 's main airport in Port-au-Prince , dropped 40 pallets of bottled water and ready-to-eat food on a field just north of the airport , CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy reported . "  There are so many relief agencies funneling through the airport that it has kind of created a bottleneck , " U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Leon Strickland said en route to the drop point . "  We 're going to put things directly out of the air onto the ground and open up another distribution point north of the -LSB- Port-au-Prince -RSB- airfield . " 8:31 p.m. -- The following video shows CNN 's Anderson Cooper dragging a bleeding boy from a crowd as looting went on Monday in a Port-au-Prince street . The video includes graphic content . Viewer discretion is advised . Watch 7:39 p.m. -- The student saved today from the rubble of a Port-au-Prince university building , 23-year-old Maxine Fallon , says she prayed for someone to find her . "  I had hoped I would be rescued , " Fallon said . Doctors told CNN that Fallon is suffering from severe lacerations and trauma to her organs , among other injuries . She was drifting in and out of consciousness and was transported to a field hospital in the Port-au-Prince suburb of Petionville , CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Arthur Brice reported . Read 6:41 p.m. -- A volunteer at Sacre Coeur Hospital in northern Haiti said the facility has large numbers of open beds , but no easy way to get patients there from Port-au-Prince . "  My surgeons are sitting around looking at each other , wondering why they came , " Tim Traynor told CNN . The hospital , in Milot , has more than 200 beds but fewer than 30 patients , Traynor said . He said the U.S. Coast Guard has flown some injured people up from Port-au-Prince , "  one or two or three or four people at a time . " Another volunteer , Carol Fipp , said : "  Shout it from the mountaintops : We need helicopters . " 6:35 p.m. -- Limited runway space and battered telecommunications networks are hindering efforts to get food , water and medical aid into the hands of desperate Haitians , relief agencies say . The U.S. Ambassador to Haiti , Kenneth Merten , says another big obstacle is Haiti 's damaged infrastructure , which is making it difficult to move aid from the airport quickly . 5:41 p.m. -- A 12-year-old girl on whom CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta performed brain surgery on the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson this morning is "  doing very well , " Gupta says . Shrapnel had penetrated her brain . A military helicopter flew Gupta from Port-au-Prince to the aircraft carrier for the procedure . 5:23 p.m. -- The people who 've just rescued student Maxine Fallon from the crumbled university knew to go there because text messages had been sent from beneath the rubble , said paramedic Clever Sobrino , who added that more trapped survivors are believed to be inside . Read 5:20 p.m. -- The student who has just been rescued from the Port-au-Prince university rubble , Maxine Fallon , 23 , was treated by an Israeli doctor and taken to a U.N. treatment center on the back of a CNN truck , CNN 's Chris Lawrence reports . A paramedic had flagged down the truck , which was passing through the area , and asked that the truck be used to take Fallon to the treatment center . 5:09 p.m. -- A university student has been pulled out of the rubble of a school in Port-au-Prince and taken to a hospital . 5:05 p.m. -- In his interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon could n't give a timeline for how long it will take to get the abundance of aid collected for Haiti flowing freely into the country . "  We are in an initial stage of this , coordinating and organizing effective way of delivering aid , " Ban said . Read 4:27 p.m. -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon tells CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that 46 U.N. staff members have died as a result of last week 's earthquake , and he fears that number could rise . The previous confirmed toll was 37 . The U.N. 's mission headquarters in Port-au-Prince collapsed in the earthquake . Read 4:11 p.m. -- Two South Florida residents talk to CNN affiliate WFOR about their mother 's rescue from a Port-au-Prince grocery store 108 hours after the earthquake . 3:46 p.m. -- The U.S. State Department now says the number of Haitian children who have left Haiti to be with adoptive parents in the U.S. since last week 's earthquake is 24 , not 150 as officials said Sunday . The State Department says it 's working on nearly 300 cases of Americans who are waiting to adopt Haitian children , and 200 of those cases are being accelerated , CNN 's Elise Labott reports . 3:30 p.m. -- A campaign using text messages to raise money for the Red Cross has tallied more than $ 21 million for relief efforts in Haiti , CNN 's Doug Gross reports . The total has obliterated the nearly $ 4 million that , according to the Red Cross , was donated to all charities by mobile texts in all of 2009 . Read 3:25 p.m. -- At a press conference , Haitian-American musician Wyclef Jean tearfully denies recent allegations that he misappropriated funds from his Yele Haiti charity . Meanwhile , experts on nonprofits say they ca n't find serious wrongdoing , except for a lapse of discipline in filing his taxes , CNNMoney.com reports . Read 3:17 p.m. -- CNN 's Anderson Cooper provides more detail on the looting he saw in downtown Port-au-Prince on Monday : Several hundred people broke into a damaged supply store , and some of them -- young men holding two-by-fours with nails hammered into them -- began attacking each other . One boy collapsed onto the street in a pool of blood . Some people came with money , buying supplies from looters -- in some cases hoping to sell for more somewhere else . 1:50 p.m. -- Twenty-four Americans are confirmed dead in the Haiti quake , the State Department said . About 25 other American deaths have been reported but not confirmed . 1:47 p.m. -- U.S. Muslims have raised more than $ 800,000 for Haiti 's earthquake victims since a call to help went out at Friday prayers across the country , according to the group Islamic Relief USA . "  We will probably reach our million dollar goal by this afternoon , " spokesman Anwar Khan told CNN on Monday . 1:24 p.m. -- Former President Bill Clinton has arrived in Haiti , accompanied by his daughter , Chelsea , to check on relief efforts . 12:58 p.m. -- CNN 's Anderson Cooper reports widespread looting in downtown Port-au-Prince . "  People are actually stealing this , then will sell it later and then they 'll use that money for their families , " Cooper said . 12:40 p.m. -- The amphibious assault ship USS Bataan and accompanying ships with more than 2,200 Marines on board were arriving off Haiti on Monday , the Pentagon said . The Marines bring with them heavy lift and earth-moving equipment , a dozen helicopters and additional medical support capabilities . 12:33 p.m. -- Rescue crews in Haiti have saved more than 75 people from the rubble , and continue to search for survivors six days after the earthquake , U.S. Ambassador Kenneth Merten said Monday . 12:20 p.m. -- Former Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist , a medical doctor , arrived in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , on Monday to help in the relief effort . The Tennessee Republican will be working at Baptist Mission Hospital in Haiti with the international relief agency Samaritan 's Purse , according to a statement from Hope Through Healing Hands , Frist 's nonprofit aid organization . iReport.com : Looking for loved ones 12:09 p.m. -- Military officials now say three Americans , not 30 , were injured in an incident outside the Port-au-Prince airport . They are being treated for injuries that are not life-threatening , CNN Pentagon correspondent Chris Lawrence reports . 11:40 a.m. -- Military officials in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , tell CNN Pentagon correspondent Chris Lawrence that 30 Americans have been hurt . 10:37 a.m. -- Rick Santos , president and CEO of the humanitarian organization IMA World Health , said he and a few of his colleagues survived 50 hours beneath the rubble of a hotel , sustained by a Tootsie Pop and a bit of chewing gum . Read Share your earthquake stories 8:22 a.m. -- CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta is on board the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson assisting in the care of a 12-year-old girl with a serious head injury . The military sought Gupta 's help , and he was taken to the ship by helicopter . CNN has been told that the girl 's condition is stable . 8:15 a.m. -- Bill Clinton , the U.N. special envoy to Haiti , is set to meet with local officials to discuss how best to proceed with recovery operations in Haiti . 6:30 a.m. -- The Pentagon said it will have 7,000 personnel in Haiti on Monday working on earthquake relief . U.S. military personnel have supplied 130,000 rations and 70,000 bottles of water as of Monday morning , it said . Follow daily developments : Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday Sunday	Read Twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in Haiti Read CNN.com 's complete special coverage of the Haiti earthquake iReport : Looking for loved ones
CNN  -- A friend of mine told me  when  I was 17 years old  that  I should sing opera because I had an interesting voice . I said : "  Oh my gosh , No ! These fat ladies singing on stage ! " She gave me two Maria Callas CDs , I listened to them and I started to sing the high notes . I started to hear the orchestra and the emotion -- and the power to express so many different feelings through voice , through instruments , through feelings . That was the beginning . This talent I have got , I had to develop it , because it was a burning flame in my heart . When it started , I knew . I do n't know how to explain it . Maybe different people feel that with love -- you just know it ! I felt that with music and opera . Virginia Zeani , Ileana Cotrubas , there are so many great Romanian singers , but from my little town in the north , I think I was the first one . I come from Transylvania in the north of Romania . The city I am from is called Bistrita . My parents are very proud of me and so are other people in our little town . So I worked through the summers so I could get professional singing lessons and then I got into the music academy in Cluj where I studied for six years . When I finished at the music academy , Ioan Holender from the Vienna State Opera heard about me from a critic . He sent me an email  saying  that he wanted to hear my voice and from that moment on everything changed . I do n't know the details about what the critic wrote -- it must have been something that made him curious . More from Human to Hero : Boxing 's first female Olympic gold medalist Nicola Adams The difference between one singer and another is of , course , the talent he or she got from nature . The color of the voice , yes you could say that , but the most unique thing , the thing that makes a difference , is sincerity . It 's not that easy to open yourself to the audience -- to be sincere , to open your soul , to say , "  This is me with my talent , my insecurities , with everything I am . This is me . " Of course , technique is important too , but there are lots of singers with good technique who do n't take enough time , maybe , to develop the other part -- the sensitivity . My technique is not perfect all the time -- if I am not sleeping enough or having problems and too many thoughts . You ca n't force your voice to sound the same all the time because lots of exterior things influence your resonance and your energy , and all that feeds into your voice . The voice is a very sensitive instrument . It 's not that easy , it 's not just going out there and singing and your voice comes out . It would be so easy if it was like that . Can you imagine how hard it is without a microphone to have the force and the power to sound through an orchestra of 80 people playing loud music ? That 's not normal , right ? You have to be patient and focused and to love what you do and to understand there are lots of moments where you feel very down . As an opera singer you have to understand that going through those rough moments is part of the lesson , of development , of enrichment . Going through those moments , you can learn to inspire yourself . I inspire myself when I have to interpret a role where the character is very sad or very depressed . I think what I am doing to project that sound is connecting with something beyond this world . I just take a breath , and try to focus on one point . I ca n't push the sound out ; it feels more like I 'm just connecting myself with the universe . There are lots of times where I feel depressed or lonely or misunderstood and different . I do n't have a normal life with family or a partner who can help me from time to time . More from Human to Hero : Top designer Lydia Maurer shares secret of staying in vogue The most interesting thing  is  that we always work with new people -- new conductors , new musicians , new partners -- on a new repertoire or a new role . This is the most beautiful thing that keeps me awake and makes me discover more of myself , to want more . You can compare being an opera singer with being an athlete : Both have to practice a lot to focus on the distance . I also have to somehow know when I can hold myself back to maintain energy . Some days I practice three , four , five hours , it depends . Some days I 'm just reading , going through the score . We are in the most beautiful and the most known theater in the world , La Scala in Milan . Great musicians , great tradition -- opera was born here . I 'm so happy to be here , I could cry with gratefulness and joy for the emotions I feel . It 's more than a dream -- it 's that the most pure desire I had in my heart that came true .	Anita Hartig recently made her debut at La Scala in Milan in the role of Mimi in La Boheme Hartig 's rise began after she was recommended to director of Vienna State Opera Latest in a long line of gifted Romanian opera singers to perform internationally Hartig : There are lots of times where I feel depressed or lonely
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Thousands of people who filled the streets of Cairo Tuesday hope their demonstrations against corruption and failing economic policies will cause upheaval in the government , like the similar protests in Tunisia that inspired them . But analysts caution that in Egypt , the protesters are up against a different set of challenges . Juan Cole , a Middle East historian at the University of Michigan and blogger , describes Tunisia as "  a little bit unique . " "  There have been lots of civil wars . There 's been lots of societies in turmoil . But this kind of phenomenon where you had crowds peacefully coming into the streets to demand a change in their own contract with their government -- in the Arab world proper , this is the first time it 's happened and it 's the first time since 1979 in the Middle East , " Cole told CNN last week . He noted that Tunisia is the "  most secular country in the Arab world . " Its traditions have favored women 's rights and its Islamist influence is negligible . Tunisia also lacked the oil resources of other Arab states and the ethnic divisions seen in other Middle Eastern countries , which make it harder for opposition movements to unite , he noted . Looking at the protests Tuesday in Cairo , Mamoun Fandy of the International Institute for Strategic Studies told CNN he was not seeing a "  turning point or tipping point yet . " Noting the strength of the army , he said , "  The Egyptian system is too strong and too resilient . " A key question that will show the potential strength of the demonstrations Tuesday is whether hardcore protesters will stay through the night , or whether the rallies will fizzle down , he said . Eric Trager , a Ph.D. candidate in political science at the University of Pennsylvania and a former Fulbright fellow in Egypt , wrote in The Atlantic , "  Egypt 's liberal activists overwhelmingly come from the wired generation of Twitter and Facebook , and this makes them optimistic that pro-democratic movements can go viral , even in a political environment as traditionally illiberal as the Middle East ... Yet Egyptian activists face tremendous odds -- in particular , an entrenched dictatorship that is determined to discredit the very idea of domino-effect democratization . " Time.com published a story Thursday from writer Abigail Hauslohner in Cairo headlined , "  After Tunisia : Why Egypt Is n't Ready to Have Its Own Revolution . " Some Egyptians "  believe the time is now " for protests to bring about change like in Tunisia , and several people in Egypt have set themselves on fire or attempted to in recent days -- much like the self-immolation of a young unemployed man in Tunisia that sparked protests in that country , she writes . "  But in Egypt , it does n't go much deeper than that . " A greater percentage of Egypt 's population than Tunisia 's lives below the poverty line , she writes . "  The citizens of Egypt regularly complain of a neglectful regime that knows more about torture than it does about public service , and they 're furious with a regime that seems to swallow any domestic profits before they can reach the lower classes . And yet no one predicts a revolutionary reset anytime soon . " Two factors distinguish Egypt from Tunisia in this respect , Hauslohner writes : Tunisia 's government spent generously on education , creating a frustrated educated but unemployed population . And in Egypt , "  the military stands with " Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak . Time.com is a partner of CNN.com . Writing in Newsweek , journalist Mike Giglio suggested the "  upcoming protest in Cairo could mark the beginning of another upheaval . " "  Tuesday will be the first real test of whether the revolution is contagious , " he wrote in a story published Monday . Many protesters believe their demonstrations will prove to have far more power than naysayers suggest . A Facebook page that has served to help organize Tuesday 's protests in Cairo says , "  Many young Egyptians are now fed up with the inhuman treatment they face on a daily basis in streets , police stations and everywhere ... Egyptians are aspiring to the day when Egypt has its freedom and dignity back , the day when the current 30 years long emergency martial law ends and when Egyptians can freely elect their true representatives . "	Analysts : Egypt is a different story from Tunisia Analyst : Tunisia ' a little bit unique ' Time writer says Egypt "  not ready " for revolution Protesters believe Cairo demonstrations can help trigger change
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Lamborghinis and Bentleys still cruise Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills . Beverly Hills officials say they expect tax revenues to drop by about $ 24 million over the next 16 months . But these days , visitors to California 's most famous ZIP code are more likely to take note of the empty storefronts and deep-discount signs . Call it recession , 90210 style . Fewer sales have meant fewer tax dollars even for this well-funded city . City officials say they expect tax revenues to drop by about $ 24 million over the next 16 months . They say , as far as they know , that 's the biggest single blow to the city budget in Beverly Hills ' 93-year history . Budget cuts being considered to cover the shortfall include reducing police overtime . Extreme wealth often cushions cities , just as it does individuals , during recessions . But Beverly Hills business owners say they 're feeling the impact this time . Jordan Tabach-Bank owns The Beverly Loan Co. , which bills itself as "  Pawn Shop to The Stars . " Since the 1930s , three generations of his family have offered socialites , businesspeople and celebrities confidential loans for precious jewels and artwork . He says now he 's giving more loans and they 're bigger than ever , including ones to local business owners needing money to cover payroll and keep their businesses afloat . "  Doctors , lawyers , accountants , " he said . "  I recently had a hedge-fund manager in here getting a large loan on his collection of diamonds . " Nearby , boutique owner Parvin Yonani said she 's slashed prices by as much as 85 percent . She says tourists are staying home and Beverly Hills residents are holding on to their money . She cut the price on a pair of shoes from $ 1,800 to $ 245 . "  Still I could n't sell it , " she said . "  I paid about $ 800 . So you 're taking a loss . " Another local business owner , Thomas Blumenthal of Geary 's Beverly Hills , said there are still signs of life in the West Coast mecca of the well-to-do . He 's had to trim some of his employees ' hours , but has n't made any other major changes , he said . "  The wealthy still have money , " he said . "  We 're still seeing people coming in , spending money on new homes , redoing their homes , buying new jewelry and statement pieces . "  It 's just not happening as much as it was last year . " Jerry Nickelsburg , an economist at University of California , Los Angeles , said that considering measures like home foreclosures , the downturn has n't been as bleak in Beverly Hills as other cities . But he said that in one crucial way , this recession cuts across income lines . He said a collapse in consumer spending last September has continued until now . "  That collapse in consumption was widespread and based on a fear -- uncertainty -- about the future , " he said . "  So that really crossed all income classes . " CNN 's Chuck Conder and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	Fewer sales have meant fewer tax dollars even for well-funded Beverly Hills City officials expect tax revenues to drop by about $ 24 million over the next 16 months High-end pawnshop owner says loans are growing and bigger than ever Boutique owner says she has sliced prices by as much as 85 percent
Ansan , South Korea  CNN  -- They left school two weeks ago on a field trip with hundreds of classmates . They came back Wednesday without the scores of students who died at sea . About 70 survivors from the sunken South Korean ferry visited a memorial at the Danwon High School in Asnan -- the high school that sent 325 students on a field trip to Jeju Island . Inside the hallways , it did n't take long for the tears to flow . Many students sobbed as they walked past images of their classmates and hurried back onto waiting buses . For these students , school will never be the same . Losing hope The ferry , en route from Incheon to Jeju , sank April 16 on the country 's southwest coast . Any hope for survivors largely hinged on the possibility of air pockets within the sunken ship , which was carrying 425 people . Hundreds of relatives camped out near a harbor in Jindo , waiting for news . But after officials said there were no more air pockets , the grim reality set in . "  All we are asking for is bring the dead bodies out , " a father wailed Tuesday . "  We know they are not alive now . " Videos capturing ferry 's final moments fuel fresh outrage Images of ferry captain abandoning ship are shocking Lots of blame , no answers As the web of blame widens , even the country 's president is apologizing for the disaster that has killed at least 228 passengers . Another 74 people are missing , the South Korean coast guard reported early Friday . "  I am losing sleep as there is no news about saving more lives and because there are many families who do n't know whether their loved ones are dead or alive still , " President Park Geun-hye said Tuesday . "  I am at a loss for words for an apology that can be enough to console the pain and suffering even for a little while over insufficiency in efforts made to prevent the accident and also in the initial response to the accident , " she added . "  We 'll fix the problems and change our practices so we 'll have safer nation and wo n't let them die in vain , " Park said . South Korean authorities arrested have arrested three people on suspicion of destroying evidence connected to the ferry sinking . Investigators also raided a Coast Guard office in a probe of how officials handled the first emergency call from a passenger . The director and two other people with the Korea Shipping Association 's Incheon office were arrested and accused of destroying evidence related to the probe of Chonghaejin , the company that owns the ferry . The Korea Shipping Association is a trade group that promotes the interests of the country 's shipping industry . The site raided was the Coast Guard building in Mokpo , which includes the South Jeolla province emergency center -- a facility that provides 119 services , akin to the 911 emergency service in the United States . Investigators are looking into possible dereliction of duty . Ferry disaster 's toll on South Korea 's national psyche Andrew Stevens reported from Ansan ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Steven Jiang and Stella Kim also contributed to this report .	NEW : Coast guard : The death toll rises to 228 , with 74 missing About 70 survivors from the ferry visit Danwon High School in Ansan The school sent 325 students on a field trip ; scores have died at sea South Korea 's president apologizes for the initial response to the ferry sinking
CNN  -- A gunman carrying a variant of an AK-47 rifle opened fire on uniformed Nevada National Guard members having breakfast at a Carson City , Nevada , restaurant , killing two of them and injuring three , officials said Tuesday . A civilian woman in the line of fire also died and five others were injured in the mass shooting at an IHOP restaurant , officials said . The attacker died later of a self-inflicted wound . The FBI said there was no indication of terrorism . Authorities said they had not determined a clear motive . "  To say that he was targeting before he came into the restaurant those military persons , we have not been able to establish , " said Carson City Sheriff Ken Furlong . "  Clearly , the fact that five of the 11 were military draws a concern by us . " The suspected gunman was identified as Eduardo Sencion , 32 , who lived in Carson City and worked at a family business in South Lake Tahoe , California , authorities said . "  There was no indication he knew anyone in the restaurant , " said Michael West , supervisory special agent with the FBI . Witnesses indicated Sencion said something while inside the IHOP , West said Sencion had no previous criminal record on file but his family indicated he may have had mental health issues , Furlong told reporters . He was at the family business Monday night and spent the night in Carson City , officials said . Family members reported "  no unusual activity . " The AK-47 was recovered and authorities will determine whether it was an automatic , Furlong said . An empty 30-round gun magazine and two other gun magazines were recovered . A pistol and assault rifle were found in or near a vehicle , the sheriff said . The shooting began shortly before 9 a.m. , according to Furlong . When authorities arrived , those who called in the incident identified the shooting suspect as a man lying wounded in the parking lot between two vehicles . The suspect had continued firing in the parking lot after leaving the restaurant , Furlong said . One individual was wounded outside . Steven Martin , a witness , told CNN Reno affiliate KRNV that he ran to see if he could help after he heard shots being fired . "  There was blood everywhere ; broken glass everywhere . It was just a war zone down there , " he said . A blue minivan registered to the suspect 's brother was being studied , Furlong said . Chuck Allen with the Nevada Highway Patrol said officials were taking precautions in case military personnel were being targeted . "  When you have people in uniform randomly targeted ... we take that seriously , " Allen said . The shooting took place just a few miles from the Nevada National Guard state headquarters in Carson City . The two deceased Guard members were men . Two of the wounded Guard members were women . Guard spokeswoman Maj. April Conway said officials will "  ensure we do everything possible to take care of our families and support our Guardsmen . "	NEW : FBI says no indication of terrorism Witness : "  It was just a war zone down there " Three gun magazines are recovered at the scene The suspect died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , authorities say
CNN  -- Spring is in the air , and now , on the ground . CNN talked to garden experts to get the scoop on this year 's best destinations to view beautiful , budding flowers . Missouri Botanical Garden 's Orchid Show When : Through March 27 Where : St. Louis Cost : $ 4 to $ 8 For an unforgettable display of orchids , the Missouri Botanical Garden offers 7,500 individual orchid plants . This year 's Mayan theme pays homage to the Long Count calendar , which some say predicts the world 's end in 2012 . Moss-covered mannequins wearing imposing headpieces made of dried botanicals , a serpent fountain and replicas of Mayan stone sculptures are mixed into the tropical display . "  You 're going to see a pretty diverse landscape when you go to Missouri , " Daniel J. Stark , executive director of the American Public Gardens Association , said of the Botanical Garden . "  They have wonderful and different kinds of gardens . " Chicago Botanic Garden When : Spring Where : Chicago Cost : Free Lauded as having the most notable display gardens in the Midwest , the Chicago Botanic Garden features four natural areas and 24 display gardens , all on nine islands surrounded by lakes . "  They have unbelievable blooms in the spring , " Stark said . The Graham Bulb Garden , for example , has narcissus , tulips , ornamental onions , fritillaries and lilies . A double-planting technique utilized in the garden makes it look like the bulbs are blooming longer . "  People travel from all over to see spring flowers at the Chicago Botanic Garden because of the quantity , quality and diversity of flowers , " said Kris Jarantoski , the garden 's executive vice president and director . Dallas Blooms When : March 5 to April 10 Where : Dallas Cost : $ 8 to $ 12 For the "  greatest flower display " in the Southwest , the Dallas Arboretum is home to more than 500,000 spring-blooming bulbs , said Justin Hancock , senior garden editor for Better Homes and Gardens . The arboretum 's Dallas Blooms festival is now in its 27th year . Tulips , daffodils and hyacinths populate the 66-acre garden , and "  bluebonnets and Indian paintbrush offer a fun red and blue combo , " Hancock said . Beginning at the same time , the Fairy Tale Castles exhibit will feature castles from "  Beauty and the Beast , " "  Aladdin " and "  The Little Mermaid , " to name a few -- all interspersed between the flowers . " -LSB- Dallas Blooms -RSB- is a world-class tulip show , " said Terry Lendecker , public relations manager for the Dallas Arboretum . "  In fact , it is the spot this side of Holland to see the most tulips in the world . " The New York Botanical Garden When : March 5 to April 25 Where : Bronx , New York Cost : $ 6 to $ 20 The New York Botanical Garden 's "  The Orchid Show : On Broadway " utilizes a Tony award-winning set designer to bring the charm of the theater outdoors . The show stars 5,000 orchids . "  They 're spectacular in the spring , " Stark said . "  They 're going to be focused on making sure everything is popping at the right time . " There will be more than 300 types of orchids on display , showcased with high drama in curtains , arcades and chandeliers . Philadelphia International Flower Show When : March 6 to March 13 Where : Philadelphia Cost : $ 15 to $ 30 With more than 2,000 entries , Philadelphia 's is the largest indoor flower show in the world . "  It 's just amazing beyond belief , " Hancock said . "  The theme this year is springtime in Paris , so you know it 's going to have a very sophisticated feel . " The show has progressed from its humble beginnings in 1829 to what it is today : 10 acres of beautiful blooms and diverse designs . Some of the major exhibitor presentations will be put together by the American Orchid Society , the Pennsylvania Bonsai Society and Tourism Ireland , to name a few . "  The atmosphere inside the Pennsylvania Convention Center is a celebration of early spring , " said Alan Jaffe , public relations manager for The Pennsylvania Horticultural Society . "  It 's not quite there on the calendar , but amid the spectacular displays and wonderful scents of fresh blooms , there is a sense of hope , renewal and excitement . " Santa Barbara International Orchid Show When : March 11 to March 13 Where : Santa Barbara , California Cost : $ 10 to $ 12 Orchid enthusiasts wo n't want to miss Santa Barbara 's displays , which include hundreds of different species from all over the world . Displays "  from the beautifully sublime to the exotically unusual " attract visitors from as far away as Australia and India , " said Heidi Kirkpatrick and Sandra Russell , publicists for the show . Now in its 66th year , the "  Get Your Kicks with Orchids " theme celebrates Route 66 and the "  spirit of adventure and discovery , " according to the website . Aside from the stunning orchid displays , the show also offers culture and potting demonstrations , flower and corsage arrangements , and an orchid-themed art show . Guests can also purchase orchids , supplies and paraphernalia from local , regional and international vendors . Canada Blooms When : March 15 to March 20 Where : Toronto , Ontario Cost : $ 14 to $ 75 For those willing to make the trek north of the border , Canada Blooms is the biggest flower show in Canada and includes six acres of display gardens , Hancock said . There will be more than 250,000 plants , trees and flowers on exhibit . Started in 1996 by the Garden Club of Toronto and Landscape Ontario , Canada Blooms is now a spring destination for visitors across Canada and the United States . Canada Blooms will include five JUNO Rocks gardens , paying homage to Canada 's music awards , now in their 40th year . Atlanta Blooms When : March 22 to May 1 Where : Atlanta Cost : $ 13 to $ 19 The Atlanta Botanical Garden promises 100,000 new bulbs , spread out to span early , mid - and late blooms . The spring-blooming bulbs will include tulips , daffodils , hyacinth and crocus , among others . "  By March , people are starved for springtime , " said Danny Flanders , a spokesman for the Atlanta Botanical Garden . "  After this particularly cold winter in the Southeast , we think visitors are going to be mesmerized by all the color . " The bulbs will join existing perennials , pansies , phlox , daphne , spring wildflowers , native azaleas and deciduous magnolias . Tulip Fest When : March 25 to May 1 Where : Woodburn , Oregon Cost : $ 5 to $ 20 The 26th annual Tulip Fest will highlight tulip and daffodil fields and display gardens at the Wooden Shoe Tulip Farm , 45 minutes from Portland in Woodburn , Oregon . "  It features 40 acres of spring-blooming bulbs , " Hancock said . "  That 's more tulips than most people can even imagine in one place . " Guests can buy cut flowers or order bulbs for fall planting . "  There is nothing like wandering out in the middle of a tulip field in full bloom , " said Barb Iverson , representative for Wooden Shoe Tulip Farm . "  On those warm days in the spring when we are in full bloom , the field literally glows . " National Cherry Blossom Festival When : March 26 to April 10 Where : Washington , D.C. Cost : Free for most events Commemorating the gift of 3,000 cherry trees from Mayor Yukio Ozaki of Tokyo to Washington , D.C. , the National Cherry Blossom Festival is a celebration of the "  lasting friendship between the United States and Japan and the continued close relationship between the two countries , " according to the website . More than 1 million people visit each year to take in the blossoming cherry trees and attend events such as the National Cherry Blossom Festival Parade and the Lantern Walks . The website estimates April 4 as the peak bloom date , though an accurate prediction wo n't be available until 10 days before peak bloom . The blooming period can be as long as 14 days . "  The particular arrangement of the cherry blossom trees around the Tidal Basin and monuments is truly spectacular , " said Danielle Piacente , communications manager for the National Cherry Blossom Festival . "  When the cherry blossoms are in bloom , you know it 's springtime . " Longwood Gardens When : April 2 to May 27 Where : Kennett Square , Pennsylvania Cost : $ 8 to $ 18 Longwood Gardens is one of the best-known gardens in the United States for a good reason : There are 1,050 acres of gardens and meadows , covered in 11,000 types of plants and more fountains than any other garden in the country . "  They draw audiences from long distances to see their spring blooms , " Stark said . Those blooms include azaleas , dogwoods , hyacinth , irises and tulips . The 20 outdoor gardens are teeming with lively flowers and beautiful fountains , and cover about one mile in distance . "  There is a renewed energy and vibrancy at Longwood in early spring , " said Patricia Evans , a spokeswoman for Longwood Gardens . "  Our visitors delight in seeing spring blossom throughout the outdoor gardens and to see the Longwood 's famed fountains once again jet to life . " Bluebonnet Festival When : April 9 and 10 Where : Chappell Hill , Texas Cost : Free Though Texas is chock full of wildflowers and bluebonnet festivals , Chappell Hill 's is the only "  Official Bluebonnet Festival of Texas , " as declared by the Texas Legislature . "  Bluebonnets and other wildflowers are very , very plentiful in Washington County , " said Ladonna Vest , administrative director of the Chappell Hill Historical Society . "  Visitors can ` come to the country ' and have a wide variety of choices of sites to see . " With more than 250 exhibitors , country-style food and live entertainment , as well as fields filled with the iconic bluebonnets , it 's easy to see why the festival was voted one of the most popular in Texas .	The Chicago Botanic Garden is said to have the best display gardens in the Midwest The Dallas Arboretum is home to more than 500,000 spring-blooming bulbs Philadelphia has the largest indoor flower show in the world The Atlanta Botanical Garden promises 100,000 new bulbs
Oakland , California  CNN  -- If college athletes were to start being paid , many schools would leave Division I sports , NCAA President Mark Emmert said Thursday . And the universities that stayed in Division I sports would have to start cutting other , less popular sports to be able to afford the salaries . There would be less competition and no more national championship games -- at least not in their current form , Emmert said . Emmert testified at the landmark federal trial for former UCLA player Ed O'Bannon 's lawsuit against the National Collegiate Athletic Association . He and other athletes are suing for the opportunity for future athletes to be paid for the use of their names , images and likenesses when they play sports on television . Emmert said he believes the customs that most college sports fans hold most dear -- the camaraderie of game day , the tailgating , the atmosphere of a stadium packed with nearly 100,000 fans and the pride of cheering for a university team -- are at stake . "  Traditions and keeping them are very important to universities , " Emmert said . "  These individuals are not professionals . They are representing their universities as part of a university community . "  People come to watch ... because it 's college sports , with college athletes , " he said . Those beloved traditions go hand in hand with the model of amateurism , and if amateurism goes away , so will the games as we know them now , he said . Many schools lose money on Division I athletics but keep them for the "  social cohesion " and the boost to their profiles , Emmert said . Emmert said officials at several member schools have told him that if athletes were to start getting paid beyond the cost of attendance , institutions would ditch Division I sports and opt for Division II or III , in which coach 's salaries , stadiums , hype and scholarships are much smaller . "  Do the members want the sports to remain amateur ? " an NCAA lawyer asked . "  Yes , " Emmert replied . "  If the rules were changed to permit student athletes to be paid for  names , images and likenesses  , would that change what college sports is all about ? "  Yes , it would . " Never before has the NCAA membership -- leaders at about 1,100 colleges and universities -- proposed changing the rules to allow college athletes to be paid . However , they are currently considering giving athletes a bit more "  miscellaneous " money to cover the full cost of attending college . Emmert , a much-anticipated witness at the three-week trial , testified for five hours Thursday and is expected to continue on Friday . On the stand , Emmert embodied the NCAA 's no-budge , no-compromise take on the issue of pay-for-play , citing the organization 's century-old history . In the five years since the O'Bannon suit was first filed , there have been several controversies and many attempts to reform the NCAA . Emmert acknowledged that public opinion of the organization is low and that part of his directive when he took this job was to fix that . While he made no concessions to the argument of hypocrisy in college sports -- the idea that everyone else involved makes money , except the athletes -- Emmert did concede that the commercialization of college sports is overwhelming the amateurism . He said the use of athletes ' names , images and likenesses is "  one of the most debated topics in NCAA history . " One of O'Bannon 's lawyers , Bill Isaacson , displayed picture after picture of athletes with corporate logos and asked , "  Putting athletes in front of logos , that 's all fine under NCAA rules ? " "  It 's not something I 'm personally comfortable with , " Emmert responded . " ... It 's certainly not where I would prefer the rules be drawn . " Responding to questions from U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken about commercial exploitation , Emmert said the schools have chosen to define it to mean that college athletes should not be acting as "  pitchmen " for products . A recent poll conducted by the Saint Leo University Polling Institute showed that 66 % of Americans do n't think athletes should be paid beyond scholarship money . But complicating the issue are recent academic scandals and consistent court testimony from athletes from several different schools that they were athletes first , not students . Emmert responded by saying that it 's hard to get motivated athletes to focus more on schoolwork , but he insisted that they are motivated to play college sports because of the education they receive . But when he was asked about that education , he first mentioned the life experience that athletes earn on the field , then discussed what they learn in class . O'Bannon 's lawyers questioned Emmert at length about an e-mail sent to him at the start of his presidency by a senior member of the organization , Wallace Renfro . It said "  the notion that athletes are students is the great hypocrisy of intercollegiate athletics " and said the public believes the athletes are exploited in the name of money for higher-caliber coaches and bigger stadiums . Last week , O'Bannon 's lawyers said that even if Wilken were to rule in their favor , the conferences and colleges could still decide on their own not to share any of the television revenues with athletes . As long as the NCAA does n't have a rule against it , it would still be OK for colleges to choose not to pay . Rules , Emmert testified , are necessary . "  It 's essential there be a body that provides rule-making , " he said . "  One of the most fundamental principles of fair competition is that everyone is playing by the same rules . Everyone understands they are governing and conducting the game the same way from one side of the country to another . You could n't do it nationally without those rules . " As testimony starts in former college star 's suit , NCAA settles another suit NCAA faces change , legal challenges in months ahead	NCAA President Mark Emmert said paying athletes would hurt traditions National championships , camaraderie as we know them would end , he testified "  People come to watch ... because it 's college sports , " he said in federal court Ex-UCLA player Ed O'Bannon sued to allow athletes to be paid for images , likenesses
CNN  -- A spacecraft survived the closest encounter ever with a comet on Thursday , tracking it just 435 miles from the comet 's nucleus . Mission control at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California , broadcast live coverage of the event on NASA Television 's Media Channel . Controllers broke into applause after hearing of the success . The agency 's EPOXI Deep Impact spacecraft was expected to use two imagers and an infrared instrument to acquire data about a tiny comet named Hartley 2 as it traveled at speeds of more than 27,000 miles per hour . Scientists are still working to determine whether there was any damage to the spacecraft as the peanut-shaped comet passed by . They hope to learn to more about comets from five images detailing the close approach . "  Those early images may not be the ` money shot , ' but we on the science team will prize them just as well , as they will help us further understand the nature of comets , " said EPOXI principal investigator Mike A'Hearn of the University of Maryland , College Park , in a NASA statement . "  We certainly have our hands full . The images are full of great cometary data , and that 's what we hoped for . " The images are expected to depict the comet nucleus as little more than a point of light with a fuzzy coma , a gaseous cloud , surrounding it . "  It was just incredible , " Ed Weiler , associate administrator of the Science Missions Directorate for NASA , said of the encounter . Five years after NASA launched an 800-pound projectile into a comet in an effort to study its contents , the same spacecraft that launched the missile tracked Hartley 2 on Thursday . It is the first spacecraft to have visited two comets . NASA officials expressed hope that such missions will inspire young people to get into the field of space exploration .	Comet Hartley 2 passes just 435 miles from spacecraft EPOXI Deep Impact is the first spacecraft to have visited two comets Scientists hope to learn more about comets from close imagery
Editor 's Note : Alfred Liggins is chief executive officer of Radio One Inc. and chairman of TV One LLC . The companies are aimed at an audience of African-American and urban consumers , and they own 53 radio stations in 16 cities , a cable network and a variety of Web sites . Liggins personally has contributed to Barack Obama 's campaign . Alfred Liggins says the black population in America has grown increasingly diverse . CNN  -- If you think African-Americans will come out in greater numbers than ever before to vote for Barack Obama , you 're probably right . If you think you know how they 'll vote in the almost 500 House , Senate and gubernatorial races , you could be in for a surprise . Although politicians and their advertising gurus often speak to Black America as a collective , homogeneous group , the black population is anything but a monolith . In the past decade , the more than 40 million strong black population in America has become increasingly diverse : economically , socially , technologically and even philosophically . In the final push toward Election Day , as politicians and political hopefuls seek to penetrate this community , they may no longer understand to whom they are speaking . Are they addressing blacks or African-Americans ? Is racial prejudice as important an issue today as affording a college education for their kids or taking care of an aging parent ? iReport.com : Black college cancels class to vote Radio One , the country 's largest broadcasting company primarily targeting African-Americans , recently commissioned a study to uncover Black America today . How do they identify themselves ? What do they care about ? How are they influenced ? What is most important to them ? Interestingly , the study found that 42 percent of those polled actually prefer to be called black  these are more likely to be more affluent  compared with 44 percent who choose to be described as African-American . And yes , it would be misguided to assume that dropping a Martin Luther King Jr. quote into a speech and focusing on America 's history of racial inequality is the sure way to sway black voters when one-third of blacks , particularly younger people , believe that there is actually too much focus on past oppression . And as insulting as it is to assume that all women vote for female candidates , it is equally inaccurate and offensive to say that blacks simply cast their ballots for people of color . Like all Americans , black folks vote on the issues they care about , and today those issues are less likely to be linked to race than they are to the economy , health care , education and a whole spectrum of social issues . As Georgetown University sociology professor Michael Eric Dyson recently said , "  black people do n't vote for candidates just because they are black . If Clarence Thomas ran for president , he would get five black votes . " Given Black America 's extreme diversity today  the study identified 11 specific groups  it is easy to misunderstand who they are and how they can be reached . Yes , discrimination and racial issues are still incredibly important , particularly to middle-age and older blacks . But the younger populations are more concerned about starting their own businesses , paying for their education , taking care of their children and creating a better work/life balance . So how do politicians penetrate the multiple segments of Black America ? In 1992 , when Bill Clinton wooed African-Americans in church , he understood how to effectively reach that population . But that was before social networking sites attracted millions of teenage and young black adults . Now that the digital divide has faded , with roughly the same percentage of blacks online as the general population , ignoring black Web sites and social networking sites would be a big mistake . Although the history of black oppression in America is not the radioactive issue it once was , trust in the community -- whom blacks trust -- is still paramount . Of all institutions , they are least likely to trust credit card companies but also remain seriously wary of the mainstream media and tend to trust black media more than traditional media outlets . It has been almost a century and a half since blacks in America won the right to vote . It makes all the sense in the world that the black community has evolved and diversified over the years , but too often politicians make the mistake of assuming that blacks are still a monolithic group fixated on all of the same issues . Though Barack Obama will be able to count on a massive percentage of the black vote on Election Day , the rest of the ticket will need to dig deeper than the canned speeches dealing with racial injustice of the past to satisfy today 's black voters . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alfred Liggins .	Alfred Liggins : America 's black population has become more diverse 40 million population represents many different social , economic viewpoints , he says Liggins : Discrimination still key issue , but other concerns have emerged Liggins says politicians need to know that past appeals to race are outdated
CNN  -- After a student made obscene comments about her on Twitter , a high school teacher in northern Mexico taught a lesson with an online post of her own : a video showing her confronting the girl in class . Now the teacher is on administrative leave . The student has been suspended . The video has gone viral , with hundreds of thousands of views on YouTube . And there are now copies floating around . The eight-minute video gives a glimpse of a lesson that students at the science and technology high school in Mexico 's Tamaulipas state are n't likely to forget . At first , it looks like a typical classroom scene , with students attentively listening as human resources teacher Idalia Hernandez Ramos presents the day 's lesson . For several minutes , Hernandez asks one student to stand up read a statement about social media out loud , then peppers her with questions about how harmful it can be and how people can be prosecuted for what they 've posted . The student mentions possible problems with cyberbullying . "  And the destruction of the image of another person ? " Hernandez asks . The student nods vigorously . That 's when Hernandez confronts her . "  Knowing that , could you tell me why you wrote this ? " she says , handing the student a phone . A long , tense silence follows . The student then admits being the author of the tweet , saying that she was "  upset . " Growing visibly emotional , Hernandez tells the student that she 's also "  very upset . " She then points to several other students recording the incident on cell phone cameras and tablets and demands an apology . "  My family saw it  the tweet  and now you 're going to apologize in front of these cameras , " Hernandez says . "  I made a mistake , " the student says in a barely audible voice . "  The teacher did n't deserve being called those things . " A fellow student who apparently shared the comments is also chastised by the teacher , who calls them both "  cowards " in front of the whole classroom . Hernandez then repeated the words used against her -- b * tch and whore -- in front of the shocked group of students . "  Listen to me well : I will not allow anyone to call me that , especially a young brat like you and you , " Hernandez says . An official at the CBTis 103 science and technology high school told CNN that Hernandez has been temporarily taken out of the classroom while the August incident is investigated . The 17-year-old student was suspended for two weeks but is back in school , the official said . CNN is not disclosing the student 's name because she 's a minor . Debate has surged on social media over the video , with some praising the teacher and others criticizing her for humiliating the student . The school official , who spoke on condition of anonymity , said that "  most of the teacher 's colleagues are siding with her . " The official also said federal education authorities in Mexico City are reviewing the case . "  It may take up to four months to make a final determination on whether the teacher is fired or not , " she said .	A teacher confronts a student who posted obscene insults on Twitter A viral online video shows the classroom confrontation Official : The teacher has been temporarily pulled from the classroom
InStyle.com  -- From the royal wedding to Beyonce 's baby bump reveal , this year has been full of major style . Check out these unforgettable moments of 2011 . Beyonce 's baby bump reveal Beyonce made her entrance at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards in August wearing a one-shoulder Lanvin gown while clutching her newly-sprouted baby bump . The mom-to-be later took the stage in a sequined Dolce & Gabbana tux for her performance of "  Love On Top . " "  I want you to feel the love that 's growing inside of me , " she said before unbuttoning her jacket and patting her belly . The royal wedding Over 2 billion people watched the nuptials of Prince William and Catherine Middleton on April 29 , and what a wedding it was ! The bride emerged in a custom Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen dress that is forever etched into the memories of millions . InStyle.com : See Kate Middleton 's wedding gown from every angle J. Lo : Back and better than ever ! After taking time to start a family and live privately , Jennifer Lopez triumphantly returned to the spotlight this year . With a stint as judge of American Idol , a new CD with hit singles , a line with Kohl 's , a campaign with Tous , and the # 1 spot on People magazine 's Most Beautiful People list , this woman wo n't let anyone get in her way of making it to the top ! Missoni for Target sells out Missoni 's capsule collection for Target caused a shopping frenzy ! The 400-piece line made its debut at the opening of a Missoni for Target pop-up shop in New York , but the store had to shut down almost immediately because it completely sold out . After the collection finally made its way to Target.com in September , record-breaking crowds crashed the site , leaving shoppers to raid their local Target stores and scour eBay for what was left of the zig-zag striped pieces . The biggest haircut of the year Even halfway around the world in Madrid , Jennifer Aniston set American beauty , fashion , and entertainment press on fire when she debuted her new above-the-shoulders haircut during a press call for Just Go With It in late February . Fans debated if they liked it or not , and Aniston 's legacy of trendsetting styles continued . InStyle.com : Jennifer Aniston 's transformation Emma Watson ends "  Harry Potter " on top ! 2011 saw the end of the Harry Potter film franchise , and Emma Watson made sure to go out with a bang ! The actress hit the red carpet on her Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 press tour in July in chic cropped hair and a series of dramatic designer looks by Oscar de la Renta , Rafael Lopez and Bottega Veneta  shown  . Pippa : The world 's it girl If the Royal Wedding made Catherine Middleton a Duchess , then it made Pippa Middleton a star . The younger sister and maid of honor to Catherine wowed the world in a form-fitting Alexander McQueen gown for the Royal Wedding , and both the paparazzi and fashion fans have followed her every move since . InStyle.com : Pippa Middleton 's best outfits of 2011 Remembering Elizabeth Taylor The world lost a screen legend on March 23 , when Elizabeth Taylor passed away in Los Angeles at the age of 79 . Taylor , an AIDS activist and two-time Academy Award winner , was known for her collection of both jewelry and husbands . Alexander McQueen breaks records The Metropolitan Museum of Art 's Costume Institute in New York houses a fashion exhibition every spring , and this year the late British designer Alexander McQueen was its subject . The exhibition , entitled "  Alexander McQueen : Savage Beauty , " included over 100 pieces from McQueen 's archives , spanning from his post-graduate collection in 1992 to his last collection named Angels & Demons , which showed on the runway after his February 2010 death . The exhibition drew 661,509 visitors from May through August , making it the eighth biggest show on record at the Met . See all of the most memorable style moments of 2011 at InStyle.com . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Pippa Middleton wowed the world in a form-fitting Alexander McQueen gown Missoni 's capsule collection for Target caused a shopping frenzy Jennifer Lopez triumphantly returned to the spotlight this year
Paris  CNN  A man with a handgun entered a post office outside of Paris early Friday afternoon before reportedly surrendering and releasing his hostages unharmed . The incident in Colombes , a community about 10 kilometers northwest of the French capital , began at about 12:45 p.m.  6:45 a.m. ET  and was over two hours later . The gunman might be mentally unstable , according to police in Colombes . Police said that they do n't know yet whether the incident is related to terrorism . This is a hot topic in France after last week 's deadly attacks . A Western intelligence source said there could be as many as 20 terrorist sleeper cells of between 120 and 180 people ready to strike in France , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands . The gunman eventually surrendered and the hostages emerged with no injuries , according to France Bleu , which is part of the country 's public broadcasting group . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Public radio : Gunman surrenders , hostages released uninjured Man enters a post office in Colombes , which is just outside Paris Police : The gunman may be mentally unstable
CNN  -- Malmo is a shopper 's heaven . Most stores are within walking distance of the city center , and unlike in neighboring Copenhagen , where shops are usually shut all day on Sunday , most department stores and shopping centers are open seven days a week . Select from modern and classic designs at the shop at the Form Design Center . Stock up on souvenirs at the stores around Lilla Torg . Hokeriet , an old-fashioned general store , sells a variety of collectibles and interesting gifts while hand-painted Swedish wooden clogs are a specialty of Toffelmakaren . Venture into the picturesque Gamla Vaster neighborhood and you 'll find chic boutiques like Issue  Stora Nygatan 25a  which stocks designer labels like Marc by Marc Jacobs and Rag & Bone . Fashion mavens will also want to check out the eclectic label Robert & Blad  Norra Grangesbergsgatan 4  , which is known for making well-cut clothes in good fabrics . Kit of Elsinore  Rodergatan 2  in the trendy Western Harbor neighborhood is another spot to hit for of-the-moment style . If you want the convenience of a big shopping center , you can find just about anything at Hansa  Malmborgsgatan 6  and Triangeln  Sodra Forstadsgatan 41  , which are both centrally located . If you have a weakness for shoes , check out the feminine footwear at Scardia , which recently moved from its flagship store in Master Johannsgatan to Hansa . Scandinavia is synonymous with good design and you do n't have to go far in Malmo to find examples to take home . A variety of contemporary and classic designs are on sale in the shop at the Form Design Center in Hedmanska Garden . Also check out Formagruppen  Engelbrektsgatan 8  and Olsson & Gerthel  Engelbrektsgatan 9  , which are both located nearby . Looking to spruce up your home ? David Design  Skeppsbron 3  specializes in sophisticated interior design . Design Torget  Sodra Vallgatan 3  is the perfect place to find a gift for that someone who 's impossible to buy for . The shop showcases independent designers and sells everything from unique kitchen utensils to quirky toys for kids . New items are added to its shelves every week . Take a break from your shopping extravaganza at Saluhallen , the covered market on Lilla Torg that is a tourist attraction it is own right . Stalls sell everything from sushi and kebabs to baked potatoes and bagels . If you 're into buying green , Drottningtorget is the place for you . Here you 'll find Morot & Annat , which sells everything from organically produced textiles to produce . Nearby Uma Bazaar  Ostra Forstadsg 13  stocks a wide range of fair-trade clothing produced by a women 's collective in India . ... . Malmo City Guide : Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop Do you agree with our Malmo picks ? Share your comments and suggestions in the SoundOff below .	Swedish clogs and traditional wooden toys make great souvenirs If you 're in to eco-friendly shopping , head to Drottningtorget Find gifts for people who are impossible to buy for at Design Torget For fashion-forward apparel , check out local designers like Robert & Blad
CNN  -- An 84-year-old nun was sentenced to 35 months in prison Tuesday for breaking into a nuclear facility , her lawyer said . In May , a federal jury in Knoxville , Tennessee , found Sister Megan Rice ; Greg Boertje-Obed , 57 ; and Michael Walli , 63 , guilty of destroying U.S. government property and causing more than $ 1,000 in damage to federal property . It was not immediately clear what the sentences were for the two other peace activists . The incident began before dawn on July 28 , 2012 , when the three cut through a chain-link fence surrounding the Y-12 National Security Complex in Oak Ridge , Tennessee . They then walked nearly a mile , cutting through three more fences and breaching what was supposed to be the most tightly secured uranium processing and storage facility in the country . It was not until hours later that a guard finally confronted the activists who , by then , had hoisted banners , spray-painted messages and splattered human blood on a building that houses highly enriched uranium . "  They 're at peace about this . They 're peacemakers , and they knew that they risked this , " Joe Quigley , attorney for Walli , told CNN affiliate WATE in May after their trial . "  Nobody is happy to go jail , but they understand . " In response to the incident , Congress has held a series of hearings and issued security recommendations to the Department of Energy and its National Nuclear Security Administration , which runs Y-12 and seven other nuclear weapons sites . In March , Deputy Energy Secretary Daniel Poneman testified before the House Energy and Commerce Committee that the Department of Energy had taken "  several major actions ... to improve security " since the breach , including management changes and independent security reviews . CNN 's Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report .	Sister Megan Rice , 84 , was found guilty of damaging and destroying government property She and two other peace activists were arrested in 2012 for breaking into nuclear facility The uranium processing and storage complex was supposed to have been tightly secured
CNN  -- Relatives of slain California 8-year-old Sandra Cantu expressed "  shock " Saturday at news that a neighbor -- a Sunday school teacher whose daughter was a playmate of Sandra 's -- was arrested in the girl 's death . Melissa Huckaby was charged with kidnapping and murder in the death of 8-year-old Sandra Cantu . "  Just utter shock and disbelief , " Sandra 's aunt Angie Chavez told CNN affiliate KOVR . "  I ca n't imagine a mother doing this to a child . " Melissa Huckaby , 28 , was booked into the San Joaquin County Jail early Saturday and faces charges of kidnapping and murder in the death of Sandra in Tracy , California . Sandra was last seen March 27 in the Tracy mobile home park where she lived with her family -- the same mobile home park where Huckaby lives . The girl 's body was found Monday , stuffed into a suitcase submerged in a pond at a dairy farm . "  We have to live the rest of our lives without Sandra . -LSB- Huckaby -RSB- is in jail . She can still see her little girl grow up , " Sandra 's uncle , Joe Chavez , told KOVR . He said the family is "  shell-shocked " and hopes that in time they can learn to trust people again . "  Who can you trust at this point ? " he said . "  Who do you know ? " A police spokesman told reporters Saturday he "  could n't begin to theorize " a motive for Sandra 's death . Watch police discuss the arrest " Huckaby is the granddaughter of Clifford Lane Lawless , pastor at the Clover Road Baptist Church , which was searched as part of the investigation , Tracy police Sgt. Tony Sheneman told reporters . Huckaby taught Sunday school at the church , he said . In addition , Huckaby 's 5-year-old daughter was close friends with Sandra , who often played at Huckaby 's home . Earlier Saturday , Sheneman said he did not believe Huckaby had retained an attorney . In a Friday interview with the Tracy Press newspaper , Huckaby acknowledged owning the black rolling suitcase that held Sandra 's body , but said she reported it missing the day before the girl 's body was found . She said it disappeared the same day the girl was last seen . "  There 's been a lot of speculation on the news about what happened to my suitcase , " she told the newspaper . "  It 's not my granddad 's . It 's mine , and someone took it . " Police said Huckaby lives in the same mobile home complex where Sandra lived with her family ; the Tracy Press reported Huckaby lives with her grandparents . Police noted "  inconsistencies " between comments Huckaby made to the newspaper and a previous statement she gave authorities , Sheneman said . It was one reason police asked her Friday to come to the station to be interviewed again . She drove there about 6 p.m. Friday , he said . Authorities believe Huckaby lied about the suitcase being missing , Sheneman said . Asked whether authorities believe Sandra 's death was planned , Sheneman said the question is "  not something I can answer right now " but "  we do have an indication . " He said authorities have found where they believe the girl was killed , but would not divulge that location to reporters . "  I could n't begin to theorize what her motive is , " Sheneman said of Huckaby . During the Friday night interview with police , Huckaby was "  very relaxed for a bit , and then she became very emotional , and then she became relaxed again " before appearing resigned , Sheneman said . He declined to say whether Huckaby had confessed , but said "  she revealed enough information that we had probable cause to arrest her . " Huckaby was booked into the San Joaquin County Jail about 3:25 a.m.  6:25 a.m. ET  , according to the county sheriff 's Web site . She is set to appear in court Tuesday . Police took Huckaby into custody about 11:15 p.m. Friday  2:15 a.m. ET Saturday  , Sheneman said , but she chose to continue talking with them for more than two hours . Authorities told Sandra 's family of the arrest about 2:15 a.m. local time , he said . "  They were in disbelief . " Watch neighbors remember slain girl " Police have had contact with Huckaby before , but she does not have a record of violence , Sheneman said , but did not elaborate . He said no other arrests are expected in Sandra 's death . Citing court records , the Tracy Press reported Huckaby pleaded no contest January 9 to a felony charge of second-degree commercial burglary and a misdemeanor charge of property theft with a prior theft , burglary or robbery . A criminal complaint says she was jailed in Los Angeles County on a property theft conviction in 2006 and that she attempted to steal from a store in November 2008 . According to the complaint , she is on probation in San Joaquin County and is due back in court April 17 . Asked about the court records , Huckaby told the newspaper it was n't her and that she did not know why the address and cell phone number in the court documents match her own . "  I do n't know what to say , " she said . "  That 's not me . " Police believe that by the time Sandra was reported missing , she was already dead , Tracy Police Chief Janet Thiessen told reporters Saturday . "  There was some speculation early on that -LSB- the suspect -RSB- would be a man , " Sheneman said Saturday . "  It 's unusual for a woman -- statistically , according to the FBI -- to be involved in anything like this . " The day Sandra was last reported seen , she returned home from school , kissed her mother and left to play with a friend who lives nearby . A short time later , wearing a pink Hello Kitty T-shirt and black leggings , she left to go to another friend 's home , according to a family spokeswoman . Police said the girl 's clothing helped them identify her body . Huckaby told the Tracy Press that Sandra stopped by her home that day to ask if she could play with Huckaby 's daughter , but Huckaby refused because she wanted her daughter to pick up her toys . Sandra left for another friend 's home , Huckaby told the newspaper . How Sandra died has not been made public . An autopsy was conducted earlier in the week , but CNN affiliate KRON-TV said results are not expected for weeks . Thiessen said Saturday any autopsy information as well as search warrants filed in the case remain under seal .	NEW : "  I ca n't imagine a mother doing this to a child , " Sandra Cantu 's aunt says NEW : Suspect 's daughter was Sandra 's friend , playmate Melissa Huckaby was arrested on charges of kidnapping and murder , police say Body of Sandra , 8 , was found Monday stuffed in a suitcase submerged in a pond
CNN  -- A teenager who set up a school to educate children in a refugee camp , a youth who built a windmill to generate power for the houses in his community with no access to electricity and a 17-year-old with HIV who founded a charity to help others infected with the virus . These are just a few of the students hand-picked to attend The African Leadership Academy  ALA  -- a prestigious school in Johannesburg , South Africa that aims to create the continent 's leaders of tomorrow . The initiative is the brainchild of Fred Swaniker , a Ghanaian-born entrepreneur who hopes to instil a new generation with the skills to navigate Africa towards prosperity in future years . "  We get young people from all across the continent , bring them here initially for two years -LSB- and -RSB- give them this hands-on leadership practice , " says Swaniker . "  I believe that you do n't learn leadership through theory , you learn leadership by leading and so that 's what we 're trying to replicate here at the academy , " he adds . Swaniker explains that the ALA tasks students with starting their own businesses and working closely with the local communities situated around the school . They are also taught about the roles of CEOs and CFOs as well as other senior positions within business , politics and industry . This , he says , helps prepare them for a future at the very top of society , whilst equipping them with the skills "  to do something much bigger for the continent " in the future . From his experience of recruiting across the continent , Swaniker concludes that Kenya , Nigeria and Zimbabwe are producing the best students , while schools are weakest in Liberia and South Africa . So far over 400 students have taken part in the ALA 's leadership program and over the next 50 years , Swaniker says the school 's aim is to create 6,000 new leaders for Africa . Relationships have been set up with over 2,500 educational institutions across the continent to identify the most suitable candidates to fulfill these roles , while the U.N. also helps locate individuals of high potential from various refugee camps . This rigorous selection process is designed to single out not only the brightest students from a variety of socio-economic backgrounds , but also those who have shown strong tendencies towards initiative , communication and leadership , Swaniker says . "  The best leaders are not necessarily the smartest people , " he explains . "  At the heart of what we 're doing is a belief that the main reason why Africa has not met its full potential today is due to the quality of the leaders that we have , " he says . "  So this is really an attempt to solve that issue ... the Africa Leadership Academy , is really saying : let 's address -LSB- this -RSB- , instead of trying to deal with all the symptoms of bad leadership that we have in Africa . " Swaniker identifies his own formative experiences as a teenager as a key factor in his desire to found the ALA. . At just 17 years old -- and on a gap year before beginning university -- he was appointed headmaster of a school in Botswana . He says the practical knowledge he gained in his time there gave him the confidence necessary to achieve success later on in his career , not least in setting up the ALA. . "  I firmly believe that a leadership experience that a young person gets in their teens particularly , gives them the foundation to do something much bigger later on in their lives , " he says . He cites luminaries such as Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , Nelson Mandela and Richard Branson -- who were all exposed to leadership situations in their youth -- as the type of characters he hopes the ALA will produce . "  We 're trying to create leaders in all segments of society , so leaders in science and technology , leaders in business , entrepreneurs who can create the millions of jobs that we need on the continent , political leaders who can create the policies that we need to develop properly , " he says . "  We really need leaders from all walks of life to solve the diverse challenge that we have in Africa , " he adds . By equipping the continent 's most talented youngsters with the qualities necessary to lead on their own accord , Swaniker has taken the first steps towards creating an Africa more equipped to meet these challenges head on . Eoghan Macguire contributed to this story	Fred Swaniker is the founder of the African Leadership Academy . The school aims to equip young Africans with a wide range of skills and knowledge . Swaniker hopes his project will help educate a new generation of African leaders .
CNN  -- A male University of Virginia lacrosse player was charged with first degree murder Monday after a member of the school 's women 's lacrosse team was found dead in her apartment , police said . Police were initially called to the off-campus apartment by a roommate who reported "  a possible alcohol overdose , " said Tim Longo , chief of police in Charlottesville , Virginia . "  It was quickly apparent to them this young lady was the victim of something far worse , " Longo said . Police identified the dead student as Yeardley Love , 22 , a senior from Cockeysville , Maryland . Investigators "  fairly quickly " focused on George Huguely from Chevy Chase , Maryland , as a suspect , Longo said . Huguely , a senior , is on the men 's lacrosse team and was charged with murder , he said . Police are interviewing friends of Love and Huguely to determine what their relationship was , he said . "  That she appears now to have been murdered by another student compounds this sense of loss by suggesting that Yeardley died without comfort or consolation from those closest to her , " University of Virginia President John Casteen said . "  We know no explanation of what appears now to have happened , " he said .	Yeardley Love , member of Virginia 's women 's lacrosse team , found dead in apartment George Huguely , member of school 's men 's lacrosse team , charged with murder Police interviewing friends to determine what relationship between Love , Huguely was The lastest on the investigaton on tonight 's "  Nancy Grace " , HLN 8 p.m. ET
London  CNN  -- Monkeys and bananas . It 's as natural a pairing as squirrels and nuts or movies and popcorn . Not any more , says one zoo in southwest England . Paignton Zoo in Devon is grabbing bananas out of its monkeys ' hands , giving them leafy veggies and sprouts instead . This is no monkey-business diet fad , though . The zoo says the high calorie and sugar content of bananas grown for human consumption -- which are sweeter than those found in the wild -- are bad for the monkeys ' health and can rot their teeth . "  Bananas grown for human consumption are full of sugar and calories , and bear no relation to fruit grown organically , " said zoo spokesman Philip Knowling . "  Life in the wild is hard work and in a zoo you can sometimes look after the animals too well and it is n't good for their health . " Thicker , better fur Humans can continue gobbling up their bananas , just keep them away from monkeys . "  Sweet and juicy bananas are good for humans but not for monkeys , " Knowling said . "  Animal nutrition has become a problem . Bananas and monkeys is a bit of a cliche , but they 're not a good combination . " The zoo has not been able to find a supplier for the kind of wild-grown bananas that would be more suitable for the monkeys , he said . So , it decided it was time to put them back on the shelf . The zoo has seen "  definite changes " in the monkey 's behavior since the bananas were slowly withdrawn from their diet , Knowling said . "  We 've noticed a net improvement in their coat and their fur is thicker and better . Some of the smaller monkeys are less aggressive , " he said . Thailand 's annual ` monkey buffet ' Diabetes risk According to the zoo 's head of conservation , Amy Plowman , the bananas ' high sugar content could cause the monkeys to develop diabetes or similar conditions . "  It can also cause gastrointestinal problems as their stomachs are mostly adapted to eating fibrous foods with very low digestibility , " she said . Zoos are getting smarter in the way they feed their captive animals . Rather than throw in ready chopped and prepared food , many now try to make the animals "  work " for their calories by searching for scattered foodstuffs or doing puzzles to release treats . This is just the next step , Plowman said . Knowling said there was no obvious sign that the monkeys were missing the fruit . In fact , they could well be happier without the extra sugar . "  Smaller monkeys such as tamarins and marmosets are highly strung animals and live in tight-knit social groups which can be quite aggressive at times , " said Matthew Webb , senior head keeper of mammals . "  Reducing the sugar in their diets has calmed them down and made their groups more settled . " Iran claims 2nd launch of monkey into space and back	Paignton Zoo in Devon takes bananas out of its monkeys ' diet Zoo says the high sugar content of bananas grown for humans is bad for monkeys Since bananas were banned , the monkeys ' coats and tempers have improved
London , England  CNN  -- For the past decade , Dubai has been home to the greatest concentration of cranes anywhere in the world as billions of tonnes of concrete , steel and glass have refashioned the city skyline . But the rapid growth of the past six years has slowed recently due to the global slump in property prices . Hopes of a recovery have now been further imperiled by the news that the state-owned Dubai World has requested to delay paying its massive debts by six months . Dubai has become a playground for architects as well as millionaires commissioning a string of audacious building projects aimed at helping reposition the city as the financial and cultural hub of the Middle East . Billions of dollars have been spent transforming the landscape , erecting buildings which continue to break records of all dimensions . The Burj Dubai -- at 818 meter the world 's tallest skyscraper , the vast Palm Jumeirah -- built on land reclaimed from the sea , the Dubai Mall -- the largest shopping center in the world and the Mall of the Emirates ; home to the world 's biggest indoor ski slope form part of a very long list of completed construction projects . "  The whole place is kind of like a time-lapse film . You wake up in the morning and it 's just a little bit different , " Jim Krane , author of "  City of Gold : Dubai and the Dream of Capitalism " told CNN . But , according to Krane , some of these projects , like the Burj Dubai , suffer from a severe lack of practicality . "  Dubai does n't really need to have to build tall asides from prestige purposes . If you look at it , it 's a really bad idea . It uses as much electricity as an entire city . And every time the toilet is flushed they 've got to pump water half a mile into the sky , " he said The telescopic shape is also presents problems of a more practical nature Krane thinks . "  The upper 30 or 40 floors are so tiny that they 're useless , so they ca n't use them for anything else apart from storage . They 've built a small , not so useful storage warehouse half a mile in the sky , " he said . This prestige over practicality issue something of a recurring theme in Dubai 's banner building projects . Krane , who lived and worked in Dubai from 2005 to 2007 , also called into questions the attraction of the Palm Islands . The $ 12 billion Palm Jumeirah -- populated with valuable villas and hotels -- could have been a lot better he says . "  It 's not been very well done . You ca n't even see the sea and all the fronds which house the communities are gated . " Its sister islands the Palm Deira -- which developers say will be the size of Manhattan Island housing 1.5 million residents -- has yet to be completed . Krane hopes it never is . "  It 's on the Sharjah border -LSB- one of the six other emirates -RSB- and is the most densely populated part of the city . There 's no infrastructure at all over there for and extra 1.5 million residents " And despite the best efforts of the property companies the Palm Islands have still harmed the area 's marine environment . The environmental damage is n't limited to the coastline according to Krane . The huge boulders helping lay the foundations for coastal reclamation projects like Waterfront project -- which developers boast will be twice the size of Hong Kong Island -- are , he says , slowly laying waste to some of the UAE 's more picturesque mountain regions . But with the renewed financial uncertainty Dubai 's ambitions are likely to be reigned in . In 2008 , it was announced that the new Palazzo Versace hotel in Dubai would have a beach which featured refrigerated sand . At the moment the only people getting cold feet are the people looking to invest in Dubai . And while that situation continues , many of Dubai 's construction projects will remain on ice .	Dubai 's construction boom has slowed in recent months due to economic slowdown New financial concerns over Dubai World debt repayments add to uncertainty Former Dubai resident Jim Krane questions the wisdom of some construction projects
CNN  -- Australia is emerging from the grip of its strongest La Nina weather pattern on record -- a meteorological event that brings either devastating floods or , in the case of its counterpart El Nino , scorching droughts . According to the Australian Bureau of Meteorology , the weather pattern that brought dramatic floods to southern Queensland a year ago -- one of the most intense on record -- is waning , but oceans around the eastern seaboard are still warm enough to cause high pressure systems that dump months of rainfall in a matter of a few days . "  There was a very slow moving trough over inland Australia that stretched from the far northwest , through the Northern Territory and on to the southeast including New South Wales and Victoria , " said Jenny Sturrock , acting senior meteorologist at the National Metereological Centre . "  When it meets all that nice warm moisture from the Coral and Tasman Seas , we got several days of heavy rainfall that led to flooding , " she said . "  This type of broad scale pattern is more conducive to rainfall but it 's also exacerbated by short-term meteorological patterns too . " Scientists are blaming La Nina for the recent flooding in Australia and the Philippines . The weather pattern is part of a natural cycle called the El Nino Southern Oscillation  ENSO  and occurs when cold water builds up on the west coast of the South American continent . Pulled by strong easterly winds , the cold water surges west across the Pacific , creating a "  cold tongue " that pushes warm water and a consequent high pressure system ahead of it . The resulting weather system -- filled with warm , water-laden air -- dumps unusually heavy rain when it makes landfall . Its opposite effect , El Nino , is usually marked by wetter weather over South America . Currently , Argentina is in the grip of drought . La Nina occurs at intervals between a few years and a decade and generally lasts for a year or two . To what extent global warming has contributed to the intensity of the weather pattern is still not known , with records of the event only stretching back 60 years . Nevertheless , the bureau has said the pattern is similar in intensity to La Nina flooding in 1939 and 1950 . Long-term weather patterns across the Australia are notoriously difficult to forecast and meteorologists are collecting oral evidence from Aboriginal people to get a handle on the continent 's weather cycles . The Bureau of Meteorology 's Indigenous Weather Knowledge project aims to build a weather map of Australia based on knowledge of weather patterns from indigenous communities . Under this system , a startlingly complex mosaic of weather patterns is being mapped . For example , studies have established that the Aboriginal people of the Sydney region recognized six distinct seasons , rather than the four given to the area by its white settlers .	Australia emerging from strongest La Nina on record La Nina is associated with strong wet weather patterns in Australia The weather patterns create warm seas that lead to heavy rains Scientists have been compiling data from Aborigines to get a grip on long-term patterns
CNN  -- It started with a haircut . The year was 1960 , and Bela Guttmann sat in his chair at the local barber 's shop . Guttman , one of the most iconic football coaches of his day , had just led Portuguese club Benfica to the European Cup and achieved legendary status . But that was not enough for him -- he wanted more . While pondering his plans , a gentleman in the next chair , who happened to be visiting the country as coach of touring Brazilian side Sao Paulo , let Guttmann in on a little secret . He told the Hungarian about "  A Pantera Negra " -- the man they were calling "  The Black Panther . " A legend had begun to spread from Mozambique about a young player plying his trade with a youth team in the African country 's capital , now known as Maputo , with links to Benfica 's great rivals -- Sporting Lisbon . The son of a white Angolan railway worker and a black mother from the Mozambique community , Eusébio da Silva Ferreira was the name on everybody 's lips . Guttmann took no chances -- Eusebio 's mother had already turned down the advances of Italian club Juventus , so he made the family an offer they could not refuse . The financial incentive worked and the player joined Benfica , much to the dismay of Sporting officials , who had dallied in their pursuit of the player . The rest , as they say , is history -- and what a history : 733 goals in 745 matches confirmed Eusebio 's status as one of the all-time greats . As Portugal said goodbye to one of its most famous sons Monday , following his death at the age of 71 , thousands took to the streets to farewell a man who had brought joy and inspiration to a generation as the government declared three days of mourning . "  As a man , he was quite humble , kind and very down to earth , " said CNN 's Duarte Mendonca , a Benfica supporter who was in Lisbon for the funeral . "  He had a tremendous amount of love for his club Benfica , for whom he served as an ambassador . "  I 've seen fans from various clubs , including longtime rivals , paying homage to a man they 've learned to respect for his talent and flair , but also for his personality . "  Only a man such as Eusebio would be able to unify fans in such fashion . That says a lot . " During an illustrious career in which he won 11 Portuguese league titles , five domestic cups and a European crown , Eusebio became a legend of world football . From the moment he entered national consciousness by helping Benfica retain the European Cup in 1962 , where he scored twice in a thrilling 5-3 final win over Real Madrid in Amsterdam , the country began to fall in love with the man from Mozambique . His incredible acceleration and lethal right foot helped him take Benfica to the very top of the European game , while he was honored as the continent 's best player by winning the Ballon d'Or in 1965 . But it was at the 1966 World Cup that he became worldwide sensation as he produced a series of performances which brought adulation from from across the globe . His nine goals , the most by any player at the tournament , helped Portugal reach the semifinal where it was beaten by the host nation England , which eventually went on to win the tournament . Such was Eusebio 's impact that Inter Milan reportedly offered the striker 40 times his salary to lure him away from Benfica and even approached his wife to sign the contract on his behalf . The move was scuppered , however , in rather bizarre circumstances though , as Portuguese Prime Minister António de Oliveira Salazar refused Eusebio permission to leave the country . Instead , Eusebio remained at Benfica , scoring goals and helping his side reach the 1968 European Cup final , but this time losing to Manchester United at Wembley after extra-time . It was in that contest that Eusebio 's sportsmanlike qualities shone through . With the game tied , Eusebio had the opportunity to win the contest but when his effort was brilliantly saved by United keeper Alex Stepney , the striker simply stood and applauded . It was a gesture which would not be forgotten . That same year , he won the European golden boot as the continent 's top goalscorer -- a feat he repeated five years later . After leaving Benfica in 1975 , Eusebio moved across the Atlantic to play in the U.S. before retiring in 1980 following ongoing problems with his right knee . He continued to work in football as an ambassador for Benfica and Portugal 's national side , meeting with high-profile players on European match nights and attending global tournaments on a regular basis until his death on January 5 , 2014 . He left behind his wife Flora and their two daughters . "  I think he is immortal , " Chelsea 's Portuguese coach Jose Mourinho told state broadcaster RTP . "  We all know what he meant for football and especially for Portuguese football . "  He was not only a great inspiration but also an important figure in upholding the values , principles and feelings of football , even after finishing his career . " Eusebio 's status as Portugal 's greatest football player was confirmed by the thousands who flocked to watch his coffin paraded through the streets of Lisbon . His statue , which stands proud outside Benfica 's Stadium of Light , is adorned with scarves , flowers and banners from fans across the globe . "  I was the best player in the world , top scorer in the world , " Eusebio once said . "  I did everything , except win a World Cup . " That he did not win one does not detract from the impact he made on Portugal and on football around the world . Within moments of the news breaking that he had passed away following a heart attack , the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo and Luis Figo were paying tribute to "  O Rei " -- the King . In Lisbon , despite the rain , fans continued to line the streets to say farewell as the black hearse moved slowly through the streets . "  Even though my generation did n't see him play , through archive we were able to witness some of his brilliant skill , " added Mendonca , who grew up listening to tales of Eusebio . "  But even better than that , we were able learn about what he meant as a footballer and person through the stories of our parents and grandparents . "  The way that he exploded on the pitch , with his fast pace combined with the power of his right foot , was simply unreal . His attributes could easily make him a star even in today 's game . " Though he may now have passed away , Eusebio 's legacy remains . A trailblazer who overcame poverty and early hardship in Africa to become one of the game 's most talented and recognizable faces . It would appear that in barber shops in Lisbon , they 'll be talking about Eusebio for many years to come .	Eusebio , 71 , died from a heart attack , former club says The striker was considered one of the sport 's greatest players Portugal star was top scorer at 1966 World Cup Compatriot Cristiano Ronaldo among those to pay tribute
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former NFL star Darren Sharper , wanted in New Orleans in connection with the alleged rapes of two women , has turned himself in to Los Angeles authorities . A source told CNN that Sharper made arrangements to surrender to Los Angeles police and did so without incident Thursday evening . Los Angeles police confirmed the arrest but did not provide details . Earlier Thursday , the Orleans Parish district attorney 's office in Louisiana had said Sharper , 38 , and Erik Nunez , 26 , each face two counts of aggravated rape . If convicted , the two men face a possible sentence of life in prison without parole . The New Orleans charges are in addition to charges Sharper already faces in California . Nunez turned himself in to the Orleans Parish district attorney 's office shortly after 9 a.m. Friday . Last week , Sharper pleaded not guilty to the California charges , which included two counts of rape by use of drugs . CNN reached out to an attorney for Sharper and to Nunez Thursday , but neither returned messages seeking comment . Prosecutors in Louisiana said the two alleged rapes occurred on September 23 in a New Orleans apartment . The alleged rapes in California occurred in October and last month , authorities said . Prosecutors there said the five-time Pro Bowl player , who became an NFL Network analyst , is also under investigation in Arizona and Nevada . Police in Tempe , Arizona , say they expect to file charges against Sharper soon . "  We have nothing yet . We anticipate filing charges very shortly and we are still waiting on a couple of results from the crime lab , " Sgt. Mike Pooley said Thursday . Las Vegas police said Friday that "  an active and ongoing investigation surrounding Darren Sharper " was being conducted by the department 's sexual assault unit . Police provided no other details . In addition , a Florida woman last month filed a sexual battery complaint in Miami Beach against Sharper relating to a 2012 incident , a police report said . According to the report , the woman was with two friends at a Miami Beach club in September or October 2012 when she met Sharper . The woman , her friends and another person went to Sharper 's condo , where the woman claims the battery took place . Miami Beach police are investigating the case , Miami Beach Detective Vivian Hernandez said last week . One of Sharper 's lawyers disputed all the rape allegations last week at his hearing . "  It was all consensual contact with women who wanted to be in his company , " Leonard Levine said . Sharper played for the Green Bay Packers , Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints from 1997 through the 2010 season . CNN 's Paul Vercammen reported from Los Angeles , and Saeed Ahmed wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Dave Alsup , Suzanne Presto and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Darren Sharper now faces rape charges in two states The former NFL star faces two counts in New Orleans of aggravated rape A second man , Erik Nunez , also faces the same charges in Louisiana An attorney for Sharper previously has said his client engaged in "  consensual contact "
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Thursday the United States would be willing to negotiate with the leader of Afghanistan 's Taliban if he met conditions that have been laid out . Testifying at a hearing of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , Clinton did not dismiss the prospect when asked by Rep. Steve Chabot , R-Ohio , whether reconciliation talks with the Taliban and other insurgents would include talking with Taliban leader Mullah Omar . "  You do n't make peace with your friends , " she said , speaking days after concluding a weeklong trip that included stops in both Afghanistan and Pakistan . There first would have to be a demonstrated willingness on the Taliban 's part to negotiate and to meet the conditions already laid out for joining negotiations , she said . "  We have been clear , " she had told the committee earlier , "  about the necessary outcomes of any negotiation : Insurgents must renounce violence , abandon al Qaeda , and abide by the constitution of Afghanistan , including its protections for women and minorities . If insurgents can not meet those red-lines , they will face continued and unrelenting assault . " But she said it is important for an inclusive Afghan-led peace and reconciliation process , in which the parties talk to former insurgents who are ready to renounce violence . Pressed during questioning about what makes her certain that insurgents will change course and renounce an extremist ideology , Clinton said she is "  very realistic , " and recognizes not all of them will . Some 2,500 fighters have already begun the process of reintegrating and have expressed weariness with the Taliban , she said . In that vein , she said , there have been recent threads of intelligence showing a debate in these societies on issues such as letting girls go to school that she finds promising . Talks have not yet reached the stage where it is known how many insurgents harbor a desire to reintegrate , she said . Clinton last week disclosed a meeting this past summer between the United States and a representative of the Pakistan-based Haqqani insurgent network at the request of Pakistan 's intelligence service . She said such meetings are part of a strategy in which "  we want to fight , talk and build all at the same time . " "  Part of the reason for that is to test whether these organizations have any willingness to negotiate in good faith , " she said . "  There 's evidence going both ways , to be clear . Sometimes we hear that they will , that there are elements within each that wish to pursue that . And then other times that it 's off the table . So I think that with respect to the Haqqani network , it illustrates this point . " In her opening remarks , Clinton said that while "  serious challenges " remain , work in both Afghanistan and Pakistan has "  yielded significant results , " noting that the success of the U.S. presence in the region sometimes gets lost in the public debate . "  Osama bin Laden and many of his top lieutenants are dead , " she said . While "  the threat remains real and urgent , especially from al Qaeda 's affiliates , " al Qaeda 's ability to conduct operations has been greatly diminished through cooperation on and off the battlefield , she added . "  Many of our successes against al Qaeda would not have been possible without close cooperation between the United States and Pakistan , " she said . In Afghanistan , where security forces still have a long way to go before they can take on added responsibility , and where extreme poverty and corruption remain key challenges going forward , Clinton noted that there are 7 million more children in school a decade after the United States went to war in the country . Nearly 40 % of Afghan girls are in school today , she said , a sharp reversal from when the Taliban ruled the country and prohibited girls from attending school . "  Working with our Afghan and Pakistani partners is not always easy , but these relationships are advancing America 's national security interests , " Clinton said . "  And walking away would undermine those interests . " The secretary of state expanded on the "  fight , talk , build " strategy that she unveiled on her trip . As coalition and Afghan forces have increased pressure on the Taliban and Haqqani network operations inside Afghanistan , Clinton said , commanders remain concerned about the ability of these groups to launch attacks on coalition forces from safe havens in Pakistan . In meeting with their counterparts in Pakistan last week , Clinton , CIA Director David Petraeus and the Joint Chiefs chairman , Gen. Martin Dempsey , urged Pakistan to help squeeze the Haqqani network on both sides of the Afghan-Pakistan border . "  We 're not suggesting that Pakistan sacrifice its own security . Quite the opposite , " Clinton told the House committee , noting the sacrifices the Pakistan military has made in the fight . Pakistan has a huge stake in getting Taliban and other insurgents to the negotiating table as well , Clinton said , and called on the Pakistanis to do so through public statements and closing off the safe havens inside Pakistan . "  For our part , the United States is working with the Afghan government to conclude a new strategic partnership that will provide a framework for cooperation long after the transition is concluded in 2014 , " she said . "  It will send a strong signal about our enduring commitment to the people of Afghanistan and the future of the region . " The military battle against the Haqqani network continues , Clinton said , with a major military operation in Afghanistan launched last week that captured or killed more than a hundred Haqqani operatives . As the United States steps up its own efforts to pressure the Haqqani network both financially and operationally , Pakistan plays a critical role in ratcheting up pressure on militants operating on its soil , she said . "  We 're already working with the Pakistanis to target those who are behind a lot of the attacks against Afghans and Americans , " Clinton said . "  And I made it very clear to the Pakistanis that the attack on our embassy was an outrage and the attack on our foreign operating base that injured 77 of our soldiers was a similar outrage . And it was in both instances terrible , but the fact is we avoided having dozens and dozens of wounded or killed . " Lt. Gen. Curtis Scaparotti , the deputy commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , told reporters at the Pentagon on Thursday that Pakistani officials have told him "  they simply do n't have the capacity to take on " the Haqqani network . But more worrying , he said , may be "  indications " seen by coalition forces that Haqqani attacks have originated from locations "  in close proximity to some Pakistani outposts . " "  I think the collaboration is , at least in some cases , local collaborations with the insurgents , and we talk very bluntly with our Pakistan counterparts about this , " Scaparotti said . Regarding Afghanistan , Clinton addressed questions about the reliability of Afghan President Hamid Karzai following comments last week in which Karzai said he would side with Pakistan if a war between it and the United States ever broke out . She said she asked U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker to decipher the meaning behind Karzai 's remarks . Those comments , Crocker told her , were "  taken out of context and misunderstood , " and harkened back to the long history of cooperation between Pakistan and Afghanistan going back to the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan . Clinton said she had had a "  productive meeting " with Karzai last week in Kabul , one that continued to build on cooperation on fighting insurgents while closely monitoring the success of the Afghan-led reconciliation efforts with insurgents . As Afghanistan and Pakistan both move to address change in their society , Clinton said religious minority populations must be protected along with women , and racial minorities . "  This is one of our biggest problems in the world right now , " she said . "  There needs to be a greater acceptance of religious tolerance and in so many places there is no history of religious tolerance . " Clinton told the committee it is important to build capacity for sustained economic growth and development in Afghanistan , Pakistan and the rest of the region as a means to building lasting stability and security . "  People need a realistic hope for a better life , a job and a chance to provide for their family , " she said . "  So it is critical to our broader effort that civilian assistance continues in both Afghanistan and Pakistan . " As the administration works to strengthen oversight and effectiveness of its programs in the region , Clinton told the committee she will be sending a comprehensive status update on civilian assistance to Afghanistan and Pakistan next week that would detail plans for both short-term stabilization and long-term development programs . As coalition forces draw down their numbers ahead of a planned pullout in 2014 , Clinton said , it is important for the United States and its partners to support an Afghan-led economic strategy that will improve agricultural productivity , develop natural resources , increase exports , and strengthen the country 's financial sector . She also noted the importance of promoting trade between Afghanistan , Pakistan and its neighbors through the building of new infrastructure and other ways to move goods that will create new jobs across the region . As the United States gradually reduces its military footprint in Afghanistan over the next few years , Clinton told the members of Congress , Washington must still remain engaged in the region . "  America paid a heavy price for disengaging after the Soviets left in 1989 , " she said . "  We can not afford to make that mistake again . We have to be smart and strategic . And we have to work together to protect our interests . "	A U.S. general notes concerns about Haqqani attacks launched near Pakistani outposts The Taliban would have to meet "  red-lines " on "  the necessary outcomes of any negotiation " Otherwise , "  they will face continued and unrelenting assault , " Clinton says She cites Pakistan 's cooperation in successes against al Qaeda
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Taliban has claimed responsibility for the abduction of 30 teenage boys who were seized from Pakistan 's tribal region during an outing last week . The militant group said it abducted the boys to punish their tribe for forming a pro-government militia to battle the Taliban . The boys were taken Thursday from Bajaur Agency , which lies along the porous border with Afghanistan . It is one of seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region . "  Everyone who supports the government against Taliban will face the same fate , " the Taliban spokesman said . Islam Zeb , a senior administrator in Bajaur Agency , told CNN on Friday the boys were walking to a picnic spot along a river to mark the end of the Muslim month of Ramadan when they were taken .	The group says it seized the boys to punish their tribe for forming a militia The boys are taken Thursday from Bajaur Agency Taliban : "  Everyone who supports the government ... will face the same fate "
London , England  CNN  -- UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown was under mounting criticism on Tuesday over his perceived casual attitude towards soldiers killed in Afghanistan as support for the mission collapses . Attacks over equipment shortages for British troops in Afghanistan , his failure to bow at a war memorial , and his misspellings in a condolence letter to a soldier 's grieving mother all led one commentator to ask : "  Ca n't Gordon Brown do anything right ? " The Afghan and military issues dominated the British prime minister 's monthly news conference at 10 Downing Street on Tuesday , taking up 40 of the 50 minutes he spent at the lectern . Brown stated over and over his sympathy for the families of fallen troops and his determination to see the war effort through . "  Each life lost is an irreplaceable loss from a family , " Brown said . "  It reminds us all of the stark human cost of armed conflict in the service of our society . " The latest embarrassment for the prime minister emerged Monday , when The Sun newspaper told the story of Jacqui Janes , who received the condolence letter from Brown after her 20-year-old son was killed by a bomb in Afghanistan . Janes told the paper she was "  so angry " that the hand-written letter was filled with spelling errors -- including her own last name , which Brown spelled "  James . " Brown also crossed out a mistake in spelling the soldier 's name and spelled four other words wrong , the newspaper said . "  The letter was scrawled so quickly I could hardly even read it and some of the words were half-finished . It 's just disrespectful , " she told The Sun . "  He said , ' I know words can offer little comfort . ' When the words are written in such a hurry the letter is littered with more than 20 mistakes , they offer no comfort . " Brown called Janes to apologize after the article appeared , according to The Sun . Janes recorded the conversation and gave it to the paper , which recently announced on its front page that it was dropping support for Brown 's Labour Party in favor of the Conservatives . The paper printed a transcript and published the audio Tuesday ; in it , Janes tells Brown that the letter was an "  insult " to her son and that the spelling mistakes were "  disrespectful . " The prime minister says in the conversation that he had only "  good intentions " and sympathy for the mother 's loss . "  The last thing on my mind was to cause any offense to Jacqui Janes , and I think people know me well enough to know that it would never be my intention -- by carelessness or by failure -- to cause any grief to a grieving mother , " Brown said at the news conference Tuesday . Just two days earlier , some criticized Brown for another military gaffe -- not bowing his head when he laid a wreath at the Cenotaph , the London military monument those who died in the two world wars , on Remembrance Sunday . It was fodder for talk radio and Twitter , where people debated whether it was intentional . "  It 's disgusting because it is not respectful , " an unnamed former Royal Air Force serviceman told The Daily Telegraph . Some columnists seemed to forgive the prime minister for not nodding his head . "  He attends Remembrance Day at the Cenotaph looking solemn and dignified , black tie and poppy carefully in place , lays a wreath , steps back in thoughtful silence -- and is abused in the papers next day for failing to bow his head , " wrote John Walsh in The Independent . "  If a politician lays a wreath at the Cenotaph , it 's not an insult ; it 's an expression of respect . And forgetting to adjust your head a certain way indicates you have personal feelings and are n't just going through the motions . " The Guardian 's Tom Meltzer suggested that Brown -- who is blind in one eye -- may have been "  distracted by the difficulty of walking down the steps backwards " after he laid the wreath and simply forgot . But simply the fact that Brown was criticized for not bowing his head indicates how widely unpopular he has become , wrote Richard Littlejohn in the Daily Mail . "  These so-called ` gaffes ' can be attributed to Brown 's characteristic clumsiness and social dyslexia , " he wrote . "  But they are magnified by both the unpopularity of the war and the  prime minister  himself . " Brown has already come under repeated criticism for the level of equipment for the 9,000 British troops in Afghanistan , which some have said is too low . The prime minister has defended equipment levels and said he seeks assurances from military officers in the field that troops have the supplies they need . Last week , Brown defended equipment levels in a major speech on Afghanistan . It followed the release days earlier of a military memo , sent in early June , from a British officer that warned a shortage of helicopters was putting British troops at risk because they were forced to travel on the ground , increasing the chances they could be killed by a roadside bomb . The memo was written by Lt. Col. Rupert Thorneloe , who died a month later in a roadside bombing . He remains the highest-ranking British serviceman to die in combat since the 1982 Falklands War . Janes brought the issue up in her recorded phone conversation with Brown , saying her son bled to death because there was no helicopter to take him for treatment . She said she had even had to buy military gear for her son to use -- something other military parents have said as well . "  We have tried to provide the best equipment in the world , " Brown said Tuesday . "  We have increased the investment we have made in helicopters and in vehicles and in the equipping of the armed forces in a way that we have never done in our country before . " Asked about Janes ' accusation that her son died because of a lack of helicopters , Brown said he had asked for a full report on all aspects of the guardsman 's death . "  I am assured that in normal circumstances , there is always helicopter capability , " he said . Tuesday was also the day that the bodies of six British soldiers killed in Afghanistan returned to Britain , their coffins draped in the Union Flag . Five of them were killed in a single incident November 3 at a base in the southern province of Helmand , when an Afghan policeman they had been training fired on them . The Taliban claimed responsibility for that attack . The somber day and the days of criticisms led The Guardian 's Meltzer to write , "  Ca n't Gordon Brown do anything right ? " Roy Greenslade , a media columnist for The Guardian , said no -- not because Brown is doing things wrong , but because the press gives him little slack . "  Brown , it would appear , has no ally in the popular press , " Greenslade wrote . "  He is being hung out to dry and it is painful to watch . I fear it will get even worse in the coming months . "	UK PM criticized over his government 's policy on Afghanistan and personal "  gaffes " Gordon Brown under fire over equipment shortages for troops , not bowing at a war memorial , and misspelling letter to soldier 's grieving mother Britain has 9,000 troops in Afghanistan
CNN  -- It was as if someone had died . Fans from across the world poured out their grief after English soccer team Manchester United revealed that their legendary manager , Alex Ferguson , is to retire at the end of this season . The showing of emotion was particularly apparent on the mobile photo sharing site Instagram , where fans shared photos of themselves and loved ones in United gear in honor of the famed manager , who steered the club to countless victories both in the UK and abroad . "  When I heard the news I got a tear in my eye , felt like I had been punched in the stomach and contemplated calling in sick to work , " said Instagram user @jplubrani , who serves in the military in Los Angeles , California . In Florida , Instagram user @sosogeed813 said he was "  shocked " but at the same time was thankful for the legacy that Ferguson will leave the club . Thousands of miles away in Malaysia , Instagram user @shar316 pictured herself with a commemorative scarf and t-shirt as she reflected Ferguson 's achievements at Old Trafford . "  Seeing my favorite team with another manager next season , that 's gon na be tough , " she wrote . "  But nonetheless thank you for everything you 've done , Sir Alex ! " One devastated fan went as far to make his devotion permanent . After hearing the news , Instagram user @alexbalding went and got a tattoo of a "  Red Devil " logo -- the team 's nickname . While the accolades poured in for the world 's most famous football club manager , others pondered what life would be like for Manchester United after "  Fergie " , as he is affectionately known by fans , makes his exit . "  I was very sad to hear the news , but I guess that change might even be good , " said @mrsagatha_sari in southern Finland .	Instagram users share photos of themselves and their friends and family emblazoned in Manchester United gear Tributes paid by "  devastated " fans include a new tattoo by one user of the social media platform From Malaysia to Iceland , posts reflect breadth of United fan base for iconic team and its legendary manager
Six decades ago , Charlie Follett was a teenager living in California 's Sonoma State Home . As he did most days , Follett sat in a field , singing popular songs to himself , enjoying the sunshine and the solitude . Suddenly , someone came outside to get Follett and brought him to the hospital . They told him to lie down on an operating table , and then the needle came out . "  First , they shot me with some kind of medicine . It was supposed to deaden the nerves , " he said . "  Then the next thing I heard was snip , snip , and that was it . " The doctors did n't tell Follett what they were doing , but he knew anyway . Other boys at the Sonoma State Home had told him how much it hurt to have a vasectomy . Now it was his turn . "  When they did  my right side  , it seemed like they were pulling my whole insides out , " said Follett , now 82 and living in Stockton . California : Leader in forced sterilizations Follett was one of 20,000 Californians forcibly sterilized by the state from 1909 to 1963 . The goal was to rid society of people thought to be undesirable : people labeled "  feeble-minded " or "  defectives . " "  It 's one of the most horrific and shameful chapters in California 's history , " said Los Angeles civil rights attorney Areva Martin . Thirty-two states had eugenics programs , but California was in a league of its own . The Golden State sterilized more than twice as many people as the next state , Virginia , which sterilized 8,300 , according to Paul Lombardo , a professor at Georgia State University 's College of Law . The law said that wards of the state like Follett had to be sterilized in order to be discharged from institutions like Sonoma , according to Christina Cogdell , a cultural historian at the University of California-Davis and author of "  Eugenic Design . " Men and women , boys and girls , were sent to state institutions for all sorts of reasons . Some had serious developmental disabilities . Follett ended up at Sonoma because his parents were alcoholics and could n't care for him . In the mid-20th century , the country 's intellectual elite such as doctors , geneticists and Supreme Court justices supported forced sterilizations . In California , the eugenics movement was led by figures such as William Starr Jordan , president of Stanford University , and Harry Chandler , publisher of the Los Angeles Times . In other states , the sterilization program would stop and start due to legal challenges , but California 's ran strong for more than half a century , Cogdell said . "  If you were deemed worthy of being sterilized by a doctor , there was no board where you could have a hearing to protest , " he said . California 's movement was so effective that in the 1930s , members of the Nazi party asked California eugenicists for advice on how to run their own sterilization program . "  Germany used California 's program as its chief example that this was a working , successful policy , " Cogdell said . "  They modeled their law on California 's law . " "  It kills my last name " In 2003 , then-Gov . Gray Davis apologized for the forced sterilizations , but Follett wants compensation for not be able to have children of his own . "  What really ticks me off is , it kills my last name , " Follett said . "  If I should die tomorrow , everything 's died . " Over the past few years , a friend of Follett 's has tried to help him seek justice . Rudy Banlasan , a nursing student , has written letters and e-mails on Follett 's behalf to Gov. Edmund "  Jerry " Brown and other state politicians and officials . He has not succeeded in getting any of them to speak with him . Banlasan keeps a file of the e-mails he 's sent to politicians and the form letters he 's received in return . "  I hate to sound so cynical , but I think they 're just waiting for the victims to die and forget this whole thing ever happened , " Banlasan said . "  There 's nothing more to add " CNN 's attempts to contact politicians have been unsuccessful . The governor 's office referred CNN to the state Department of Developmental Services , which sent a two-sentence statement : "  The State of California deeply regrets the harm caused to victims of involuntary sterilization that occurred through the first half of the 1900s . This was a sad and painful period in California 's history , one that should never be repeated . " When CNN asked Brown for his stance on reparations for sterilization victims , press secretary Gil Duran sent an e-mail referring to the statement . "  There 's nothing more to add , " he wrote . CNN also sent e-mails and made phone calls to the office of John Perez , speaker of the California Assembly . When no response was received , CNN visited his office in Sacramento . His spokesman , John Vigna , said the speaker was tied up in meetings . "  This is an issue I personally am just learning about and looking into , " Vigna said . California 's response to victims stands in stark contrast to North Carolina 's . North Carolina task force recommends $ 50,000 for sterilization victims In that state , Gov. Bev Perdue has sought out victims and held hearings where she apologized personally and heard their stories . She also set up a task force to help the victims and recommended that each receive $ 50,000 in reparations . "  That 's not happening in California , " said Martin , the civil rights attorney . "  To think that we 're behind on this issue instead of leading on this issue is very troublesome . " "  California has not done right " Art Torres is the former California state senator who wrote the 1979 legislation outlawing sterilization . He said he 's not surprised politicians are reticent on the subject . "  I would venture to say most people in this legislature -- and most people in California -- are n't even aware there was a eugenics movement in California , " Torres said . Californians , he added , need to face their history and at least hold hearings and invite victims to tell their stories . "  California has not done right by these victims , " Torres said . "  But I think California and Californians need to be aware of their history . "	California forcibly sterilized 20,000 people from 1909 to 1963 The goal was to rid society of people labeled "  feeble-minded " or "  defectives " California 's response to victims stands in stark contrast to North Carolina 's Ex-lawmaker : Californians need to face their history and hold hearings
In some of the most gruesome images yet to emerge from the latest mass violence in Syria , videos show militants raising their victims ' severed heads on poles . The amateur videos emerged as a Syrian human rights group reported 1,600 deaths in just 10 days this month . The latest images come from an area taken over by the militant terrorist group the Islamic State , which recently changed its name from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . The group is known for killing dozens of people at a time and beheading some . At least three videos posted on YouTube by different people show the grisly scene at a roundabout in the city of Reqqa , where Islamic State militants have been carrying out public executions , crucifixions and other acts decided by its Sharia , or Islamic law , court . A narrator in one of the videos says the bodies are of Syrian soldiers who were killed by Islamic State fighters . The videos surfaced online along with news that Islamic State took over the Syrian army 's 17th Division headquarters , which was considered the Syrian regime 's last remaining military base in Reqqa . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , which has tabulated casualties in the country 's civil war , reported on Islamic State 's seizure of the military base in late May . While fighting between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza has gotten far more attention in recent days , the death toll in Syria has been higher . Between July 16 and July 25 , 1,600 people were killed , the observatory said . And the bloodshed has continued at that pace . On Sunday , 180 people were killed , the group said . The observatory counts more than 115,000 people killed since the beginning of the uprising against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime in March 2011 .	Videos show severed heads on poles The videos are purportedly of Islamic State having killed Syrian soldiers In 10 days , 1,600 people have died in Syria , a human rights group says More than 115,000 have died in the conflict , the group says
CNN  -- Speculation abounds ahead of the awarding of the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo , Norway , on Friday , as the eyes of the world turn to those who are trying to end its many conflicts and injustices . This year 's winner  or winners  will be picked from 231 different nominations , 43 for organizations and the rest for individuals , the five-member Nobel committee says . The names of the nominees are not revealed . Last year 's prize came as a surprise to many observers , split as it was among three women : Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and grassroots activist Leymah Gbowee , and Yemeni media freedom campaigner Tawakkul Karman , a symbol of the Arab Spring . Will this year 's winner of the coveted prize also come out of the blue ? Here 's a list of some possibilities , compiled with the help of Kristian Berg Harpviken , director of the Peace Research Institute Oslo and a keen Nobel Prize watcher . Gene Sharp At the top of Harpviken 's list and in the top two on betting sites Unibet and Paddy Power as of Thursday lunchtime , Norwegian time , is the American academic Gene Sharp . Gene Sharp : A dictator 's worst nightmare Sharp , the understated star of the 2011 British documentary film "  How to Start a Revolution , " is professor emeritus of political science at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth , and author of numerous works considered to have influenced the peaceful Arab Spring uprisings . He 's "  one of the world 's most prominent thinkers on the use of nonviolence , " Harpviken said . "  His writings have been very widely used . They were read on Tiananmen Square in 1989 , they were read on Tahrir Square in 2011 and 2012 . " Maggie Gobran Also known as "  Mama Maggie , " the Egyptian Coptic Christian was jointly nominated by five Republican U.S. congressmen for her work helping families and children living among the garbage slums of Cairo . "  This is a woman who has dedicated her life to serving the poorest of the poor in Egypt and has often been referred to as the ` Mother Teresa of Cairo , ' " the nominating letter read , posted on the website of one of the five , Rep. Frank Wolf of Virginia . "  She has given a voice to the poorest of the poor . " Gobran , whose charity Stephen 's Children provides health services , education and training for needy Egyptians of all faiths , including Coptic Christians and Muslims , was the favorite on betting outlet Unibet as of Thursday lunchtime . Thein Sein Could this year 's winner come from Asia ? If so , Myanmar 's President Thein Sein could be an interesting dark horse candidate , Harpviken said . "  He comes out of a military junta of course , has a background within a repressive regime , but once he came to power himself he initiated major political reforms , " Harpviken said . Read more : U.N. envoy warns of ` serious ' human rights situation in western Myanmar Under Thein Sein , the Myanmar government has released hundreds of political prisoners and allowed the opposition National League for Democracy to compete in elections . Western governments have responded to the efforts by starting to ease sanctions put in place to pressure the military regime . Read more : Myanmar removes names from blacklist Myanmar 's longtime opposition leader and pro-democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi was honored with a Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 but was under house arrest . Freed in 2010 and elected to the Myanmar parliament this year , she finally gave her Nobel speech in Oslo this summer . Bookie Unibet says her odds of winning the prize a second time this year are 25 to 1 . Radio Echo Moscow Rights groups and European leaders have raised concern about the growing crackdown on free speech and intimidation of opposition activists in Russia -- making those people with the courage to speak out all the more important . Opinion : Pussy Riot and Russia 's surreal ` justice ' For this reason , Harpviken names Radio Echo Moscow , which has been critical of President Vladimir Putin and Kremlin policies , as one of his top picks . "  Radio Echo Moscow is one of the most important free media outlets in Russia , " he said . Putin earlier this year accused the radio station of "  pouring diarrhea " over him day and night , according to state media reports . Radio Echo Moscow is majority owned by Russia 's state gas monopoly Gazprom . Memorial In a similar vein , Harpviken highlights the work of the Memorial Human Rights Center , "  a very interesting organization that is devoted to documentation of power abuse , repression within Russia and the former Soviet Union . " A win for the Russian rights group , given odds of 20 to 1 by betting outfit Paddy Power , could be embarrassing for Putin 's government . Fellow rights group Human Rights Watch highlighted the challenges its staffers face in its World Report 2012 . Lina Ben Mhenni A Tunisian online activist , blogger and university teacher , Lina Ben Mhenni was placing third in Paddy Power 's list of Nobel Peace Prize contenders as of Thursday with odds of 10 to 1 . Lina Ben Mhenni on how the web fed the ` dignity revolution ' Ben Mhenni , who criticized the regime long before the uprisings began , became a prominent voice of the Arab Spring through her blog , "  A Tunisian Girl . " She was one of very few to blog from the ground as Tunisian authorities cracked down on protests , posting accounts and photographs of the violence online . Another voice of the Arab Spring , Wael Ghonim -- a former Google executive who used social media to jump-start social change in Egypt -- is given odds of 12 to 1 by the same betting outlet . Opinion : Ghonim electrified Egypt 's revolution Oscar Elias Biscet Gonzales The Cuban human rights advocate and medical doctor was nominated last year for the Peace Prize and may well feature among the nominees again . Unibet gives him odds of 8 to 1 to win . Gonzales was among scores of people imprisoned during the Cuban government 's 2003 crackdown on political dissidents . He founded and ran the Lawton Foundation for Human Rights and also led the Friends of Human Rights group in Cuba , according to the U.S.-based nonprofit group Freedom Now . Read more : Nobel nominee among 10 Cuban dissidents released CNN 's Jonathan Mann contributed to this report .	Gene Sharp , an American academic , is among those tipped to win the Nobel Peace Prize Egypt 's "  Mama Maggie , " a Coptic Christian nun who helps Cairo 's poorest , could also win The five-member Nobel committee will choose from 231 nominees Last year 's prize was shared by Ellen Johnson Sirleaf , Leymah Gbowee and Tawakkul Karman
CNN  -- The two Amish girls kidnapped last week in upstate New York were sexually abused while in captivity , St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain said . Police on Friday arrested a couple and charged them with kidnapping in the abduction of the girls last week , authorities said . Stephen M. Howells II , 39 , and his girlfriend Nicole F. Vaisey , 25 , are being held without bond , the St. Lawrence County Sheriff 's Office said . Federal charges are also a possibility . Rain said that evidence found in the couple 's house , in addition to interviews with the couple and the victims , shows that the kidnapping was premeditated and that the couple had planned for more . "  There is no doubt in my mind that if they were successful , they were going to continue with future acts , " Rain told CNN . The District Attorney 's Office is also looking into whether the couple had sexually abused others , Rain said . On Wednesday of last week , an Amber Alert was issued after a 6-year-old and her 12-year-old sister disappeared from a vegetable stand near their family farm in Oswegatchie , about 50 miles  80 kilometers  from the Canadian border . A witness told police the girls were tending to a customer who drove up in a white four-door sedan and disappeared when the vehicle pulled away , according to the Amber Alert . The Amber Alert was canceled Thursday night after the girls were apparently abandoned along a road in Richville , about 40 miles away . "  The children walked up to a home , knocked on the door of a stranger , " Rain told CNN affiliate WWNY . "  The stranger brought them home to their house , and police were waiting . " She said the girls were "  a little wet and cold , " but otherwise healthy . The investigation moved quickly Friday , as "  good police work " and tips from the girls led authorities to the suspects , St. Lawrence County Sheriff Kevin Wells said . "  We have two strong young girls , " he said . "  The reason we 're able to make an arrest tonight is because of just how strong they are and things they 're able to remember . " A red car and a white one were towed from the scene by authorities , affiliate WSYR reported . The house where Howells and Vaisey live is being processed for evidence , Wells said . A preliminary hearing for Howells and Vaisey that was scheduled for Thursday was canceled Monday . If convicted , the couple faces a minimum of 25 years in prison on the kidnapping charge . CNN 's Ed Payne and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	A district attorney says the girls were sexually abused by their captors The kidnapping and sexual abuse are suspected to have been premeditated A man and his girlfriend are charged in the kidnapping The girls were apparently abducted near their farm in upstate New York
CNN  -- An Ethiopian-flagged vessel fought off a pirate attack in the Gulf of Aden earlier this week , the multi-national anti-piracy task force said Thursday . The MV Andinet , part of the Ethiopian Shipping Line , was approached by two pirate skiffs Monday , with one of them coming close enough to fire automatic weapons in an attempt to force the ship to stop , the task force said in a statement . But the vessel 's crew used anti-piracy measures -- including firing flares in the air and utilizing fire hoses , as well as "  evasive maneuvering " -- to repel the pirates , Combined Maritime Forces said . After a distress call was sent out , the USS Farragut , a U.S. Navy destroyer assigned to the task force , deployed her SH-80 helicopter to follow the skiffs , and the USS Porter gave chase as well , the task force said . "  A boarding team from the USS Farragut subsequently stopped and boarded the pirate skiffs , but only an empty magazine and used rounds were found on board . " "  The MV Andinet once against demonstrated that even basic preventive measures can save a crew from a successful pirate attack , " said Commodore Tim Lowe of Britain 's Royal Navy , deputy commander of the Combined Maritime Forces . "  Although there is  a  significant international naval presence in the Gulf of Aden , these warships can not be everywhere and may not always be close at hand to prevent an attack . " The incident occurred about 145 miles east of Aden , Yemen . The task force advocates that commercial and civilian vessels in the region implement anti-piracy measures such as maintaining a 24-hour lookout , traveling in convoys and using high-intensity lighting .	MV Andinet , part of the Ethiopian Shipping Line , was approached by two pirate skiffs Monday Crew used anti-piracy measures -- including firing flares and evasive maneuvering -- to repel pirates Warships from international anti-piracy task force gave chase but only found empty skiff
CNN  -- The funeral for a mentally ill North Carolina teenager killed by police will take place Saturday , said his family , who refrained from adding to the simmering debate about whether the shooting was justified and instead tried "  to celebrate his life . " Friends and family of Keith Vidal were invited to attend visitation services Friday at Brunswick Funeral Home , a short distance away from where the 18-year-old was killed . Vidal 's funeral will start at 1 p.m. Saturday at Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Southport , North Carolina , his family said Friday in a statement . "  We ask for and appreciate your support for the Vidal-Wilsey family , as they lay their child to rest , " the family said . "  Your continued prayers and support are greatly needed and appreciated . " Their grieving began Sunday , following a 911 call asking for police to help in dealing with a schizophrenic armed with a screwdriver and asking to fight his mother . "  He 's not doing very good , " said the man on the 911 call . "  We 've got to get him someplace . " In teen 's shooting , who do you believe ? Three law enforcement officers from three different agencies ended up at Vidal 's Boiling Spring Lakes home . Family members said the first two were able to calm the situation , but things quickly devolved after the third -- Detective Bryon Vassey from neighboring Southport -- came on the scene . Soon thereafter , Vidal was killed . His outraged family has called his shooting unconscionable , holding the Southport detective directly responsible . Vassey , through his lawyer W. James Payne , claims he acted as he did fearing there was an imminent and deadly threat to another officer , who they say was in danger of being stabbed by Vidal with the screwdriver . CNN first learned of the shooting through an iReport sent by a family friend . Vidal 's family , including his stepfather Mark Wilsey , spoke emotionally in the days after the shooting , blasting the Southport detective . But they have been relatively quiet since , even after Payne and the North Carolina Police Benevolent Association offered details that they say explain why the detective did what he did . And in its statement Friday , the family said it will maintain its silence -- declining "  to revisit the specific details " and deciding "  to allow time for the investigative process to occur as it should . " In addition to the state Bureau of the Investigation , the district attorney 's office for Brunswick County is probing the incident and could decide to press charges . "  We believe that justice for Keith will not be served by trying this case in the news , " the family said . "  At this time , we have full faith in the judicial system and the ... district attorney 's office to investigate and evaluate this case and reveal the true facts surrounding the tragic death . " The Vidal-Wilsey family added that , for now , they will try to focus on the "  wonderful memories " they have . "  Keith was very much beloved by his family , friends and classmates , " according to the statement . "  The family  , and the community at large , need time now to grieve in peace and remember the Keith they knew and loved . "	Visitation for Keith Vidal is Friday ; his funeral will be on Saturday Vidal , who suffered from schizophrenia , was killed by a police detective The detective claims he fired to defend another officer ; Vidal 's family blames him Family says they 'll stay silent now , focusing on "  wonderful memories " of Vidal
CNN  -- Chinese media on Wednesday played up the positives in Xi Jinping 's visit to Washington , avoiding mention of U.S. criticism of human rights but broaching issues of trade and U.S. discontent with the strength of the Chinese currency . A commentary in the official China Daily said U.S. President Barack Obama was deflecting criticism of his own domestic political problems by drawing attention to the rivalry over the currencies , but that the U.S. administration had little heart for an open fight over the issue . "  When the Senate was about to vote on a bill to punish ` currency manipulators ' last fall , the White House put it off with strong words and possibly behind-the-scene political maneuvers , " the newspaper said in a commentary . "  Senior economic officials in the Obama administration know that unless all the major Asian currencies increase in value , even a drastic revaluation of the yuan would simply mean U.S. imports from China would just switch to the other countries in the region . " The U.S. has long called for the Chinese currency , the yuan or renminbi , to be floated to gain its true value . The administration claim that an artificially suppressed currency is unfair to U.S. exporters , making it cheaper for suppliers to source Chinese manufactured goods . The timing of the visit was not lost on the pro-government Global Times which said the Valentine 's Day meeting showed all the complexity of a romantic story . "  China is a newcomer on the diplomatic stage of major powers . It is still unfamiliar with how to use its power and how to deal with provocations from smaller countries , " the newspaper said in an editorial . "  Facing giants like the U.S. and Europe , China is accustomed to acting with care . It never stirs up trouble willingly , instead , when a crisis occurs , China 's first reaction is to seek to defuse tension . " A common theme in Chinese diplomacy and in its official media is that when backed into a corner , China must pursue its own interests . "  China does not need to satisfy the West at the expense of its own interests . China will not provoke the U.S. and Europe , but it has its own principles to follow , " the editorial said . "  Chinese officials should take opportunities to make the world understand these . " While the Chinese also have trade complaints against the U.S. , in particular U.S. export controls on high-tech exports , there was no mention of issues that have seen China excluded from U.S. preferential trade right status . Similarly , there was little mention of U.S. criticism of China 's human rights record or its position on Syria , both of them sticking point in Sino-U.S. relations . Xi -- who is being groomed for the Chinese presidency - is the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit since Obama launched a new U.S. policy in Asia in November designed to reassert its influence in the Pacific . Beijing has expressed misgiving about the U.S. "  pivot " which is pushing for a new free-trade agreement with at least eight countries in the Asia region and has secured military basing rights in Australia .	Chinese media plays up positives of Xi 's U.S. visit Muted commentary on issues such as human rights and Syria Chinese media says Obama deflecting criticism of his domestic policies
It 's an alleged true-life story that trumps Hollywood 's latest castaway tale . Thirteen months adrift at sea  maybe more  . Thousands of miles traveled . Survival with only what nature and the elements provided . Jose Salvador Alvarenga washed up on a remote coral atoll in the Marshall Islands last week in a heavily damaged boat . He said he had been living off fish and turtles he had caught and relying on rainwater , and sometimes his own urine , to drink . He said he had been lost at sea for 13 months , after setting off from southern Mexico -- thousands of miles to the east . Many questions remain about how he could have lived on his small boat for so long as it drifted across the ocean . Scientifically , his ordeal is plausible . But is it probable ? Alvarenga told CNN in an exclusive interview that he left from a port called Paredon Viejo in Mexico 's Chiapas state in December 2012 . A Mexican newspaper visited the nearby hamlet where Alvarenga lived near Mexico 's Pacific Coast . Local fishermen there say they remember Alvarenga and the day he went to sea and did n't come back . They recall the date of departure being in November , a month earlier than the castaway remembers . Boats went looking for him and his boat companion . The state sent an airplane to search for him . "  All of my fellow fishermen were elated because this is nothing short of a miracle . I have no words to describe the joy I felt when I learned he was alive . He 's a wonderful human being and I 'm glad he made it , " Bellarmino Rodriguez Beyz , owner of Alvarenga 's boat , told CNN . He said the boat was equipped with a GPS system and radio communication , but both systems got wet and stopped working when a storm hit . "  When they told me that a boat had appeared with somebody on board I had no doubts , " Rodriguez said . "  I recognized Alvarenga immediately when I saw his picture . It could n't be anyone else . The boat and the registration number check . " Who is this man ? Authorities are trying to determine the veracity of Alvarenga 's story . The Mexican government has confirmed his identity and says he is a Salvadoran national who was living in the city of Tonala . The local fishermen told El Universal newspaper he actually lived nearby at a place called Pijijiapan . Julio Camarena Villasenor , the Mexican ambassador to the Philippines , said Tuesday that Alvarenga is still recovering in a hospital in the Marshall Islands after being found in a "  weak state of mind and health . " He 'll be repatriated to El Salvador as soon as possible , once he is medically cleared to travel and has the correct documentation , the ambassador said . No time frame for the repatriation has been established yet . Castaway 's tale How did a man survive such an ordeal -- as Alvarenga describes -- in a boat about the length of three people and the width of one person ? He pointed upward and said , "  God . ... My faith in God . " "  I thought , ' I am going to get out , ' " he said . "  Get out , get out , get out . " But he also admitted to dark moments , saying he considered killing himself . "  Twice I wanted to , " he said , as he gestured at slitting his throat . "  I wanted to with a knife . When I did n't have water , food ; I gave up and I grabbed a knife . " But he says he was too "  scared " to go through with it . Losing his companion Alvarenga says he left for what was supposed to be a one-day trip to catch sharks on December 21 , 2012 . By his account , he and his teenage companion had already killed some sharks and had 400 kilograms  about 880 pounds  of the animals on the boat . But they would not have the shark meat to survive . "  We threw it into the water . It was too much weight , and there was too much wind , " he said . "  Three days later , we wish we had what we had thrown away . We wanted to eat it , but the sea had already taken it away . " Alvarenga said that he and his companion were blown off course by northerly winds and then caught in a storm , eventually losing use of their engines . They had no radio signal to report their plight , he said . According to Anjenette Kattil of the Marshall Islands Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Alvarenga said that four weeks into their drift , he lost the young man because he refused to eat raw birds . There are no details yet on what Alvarenga did with the young man 's body . Rodriguez , the boat owner , identified Alvarenga 's companion as 23-year-old Ezequiel Córdova . He said he was single with no children , but his parents , siblings and extended family live nearby . In his interview with CNN , the castaway mentioned his companion only in passing , saying he believed that the boy 's parents knew he was missing . Lost at sea During his long period at sea , Alvarenga said he lost track of the date and the day of the week . He would follow the sun 's path across the sky , he said , indicating the movement with his hands as he spoke . "  I did n't know the date or the day -- only the hours . Only that there was a sunset and a sunrise , nothing else , " he said . When there was no rain , he would resort to consuming his own urine , he said . "  Then it rained , oh , what happiness ! " Alvarenga said . The boat itself was a container to collect the precious rainwater . He also ate sea turtles . "  They would bang the boat -- boom , boom , boom -- and I would get up " and grab them from the water , he said . Finding land After 13 or 14 months at sea , Alvarenga says , the boat finally reached shore . He swam to land and spent a night in the woods . He said he did n't have the energy to climb up the coconut trees he saw but was excited to eat a coconut he found on the ground . The next morning , according to Alvarenga , he walked and found a small house and started shouting . A man and woman came to him , he said . "  I took them to see the boat , because they did n't understand me , " Alvarenga said . He gave them the boat as a gift , he said . ` Much better shape ' than expected Alvarenga was found on sparsely populated Ebon Atoll , a 22-hour boat ride from the Marshall Islands capital of Majuro , on Thursday . The southernmost of the Marshall Islands ' atolls , Ebon has only 2.2 square miles of land , one phone line and no Internet service . The government airplane that services the atoll was not working , so Alvarenga did not make it to Majuro until Monday morning . People on the island where he was found Thursday say the 26-foot fiberglass boat was in very bad condition , covered in barnacles and with the carcasses of several turtles littering the deck . Video from Majuro shows Alvarenga walking a gangplank from a government boat to a waiting ambulance . Waving to those gathered around the dock , he is supported by a medical assistant as he walks . From inside the ambulance , he gives a thumbs up before it drives away . "  He 's in much better shape than one would expect after such an ordeal , " said Tom Armbruster , U.S. ambassador to the Marshall Islands . Officials do n't doubt story If Alvarenga 's story proves true , the trip across the Pacific would have taken him across roughly 6,600 miles  10,800 kilometers  of open ocean before ending in the Marshall Islands , about halfway between Hawaii and Australia , in the northern Pacific . Officials in the islands say they have no reason to doubt what he has told them so far , the Mexican ambassador said . Such an amazing journey is n't unheard of in the small Pacific nation , as three Mexican fishermen made a similar drift voyage in 2006 that lasted nine months . Those men lived off fish they caught and rainwater , and they read the Bible for comfort . Conditions in the Pacific make the timeline of Alvarenga 's journey plausible , said Judson Jones , a producer for CNN Weather . Jones said that given the average currents between Mexico and the Marshall Islands , it would have taken less than a year to travel from the origin to the end in the strongest average currents . If the trip did indeed take 13-1/2 months , it means his boat would have averaged about 18.6 miles  30 kilometers  a day . But Jones said a meandering journey in and out of the currents was most likely . ` We will have him back soon ' Alvarenga is from Garita Palmera in El Salvador , where CNN caught up with members of his family . They said they had n't heard from him in about eight years and thought he might be dead . He has a 12-year-old daughter there who does n't remember her father . "  My heart would tell me that my son was not dead , but I wondered about it so often that I had started to lose faith , " said Julia Alvarenga , his mother . "  God willing , my son is not dead . God willing , my son is alive . And we 're going to see him again one day . I 'm very happy after learning that he 's alive and that we will have him back home soon , " said his father , Ricardo . But seeing what their son has been through also brings them feelings of sadness , he added . "  The last time we saw him , we did n't want him to go , " his father said . In the Marshall Islands , Alvarenga had this message for his family : "  That I 'm alive , that I 'll see you soon . " Skepticism will undoubtedly follow his story as additional facts arise . There 's more to tell , he told CNN , but "  I do n't want to talk anymore . My head hurts . Another day , when I feel better . " Panama teen was adrift at sea for 26 days ; mother calls return ' a miracle '	The castaway 's companion is identified as Ezequiel Córdova , 23 "  I thought , ' I am going to get out , ' " Jose Salvador Alvarenga says in an interview with CNN He says he considered killing himself when he ran out of food and water Alvarenga says he lived off fish , birds , turtles , rainwater and urine while adrift
Boston  CNN  -- After 30 days and 63 prosecution witnesses -- including extortion victims , shooting victims , federal law enforcement agents , former drug dealers , and families of alleged murder victims -- defense attorneys began making their case Monday for James "  Whitey " Bulger , allegedly Boston 's most feared underworld crime boss . Their first witness , a former FBI agent , testified that he was sent to clean up the "  leaks " at the FBI in Boston in 1981 , and that one of his assignments , given by the special agent in charge , was to evaluate Bulger as an informant and perform a "  suitability study . " After an evaluation , he recommended "  terminating " Bulger as an informant . "  You have a guy telling you he is not an informant ... telling you he has his own gang ... he pays , they  the FBI  do n't pay him , " Robert Fitzpatrick , the former agent , said Monday . "  That automatically , in my opinion and according to the book , would nullify him as a trusted informant . " "  You may call him an informant by name . According to the bureau , according to the file , he is an informant , " Fitzpatrick , who spent more than 20 years with the FBI , said before a federal jury in Boston on Monday . He ultimately recommended that Bulger 's file be closed . On cross-examination , prosecution attorney Brian Kelly asked Fitzpatrick rhetorically , "  You would n't go to close a window if it was n't open right ? " Much of Bulger 's trial has been focused on whether he was an open informant for the FBI in Boston for two decades during the time prosecutors say he reigned over crime in South Boston , participating in 19 murders , racketeering , extortion and money laundering -- all of which he has been charged with . The prosecution previously introduced a 700-page document that suggests Bulger was an informant . That assertion has been the crux of the prosecution 's case , which wrapped up Friday . The defense argues that Bulger had FBI agents on his payroll to protect him from wiretaps and indictments , but he never fed any information to the FBI . Defense attorney Hank Brennan 's line of questioning indicated that Bulger 's counsel is attempting to shift the pendulum , and put the FBI on trial for corruption . The defense called Fitzpatrick , 73 , to testify about being called in 1981 to "  stop the leaking in Boston . " "  Inside and outside FBI , " there was a "  leaking of information , causing lots of investigations to go south , " Fitzpatrick said . He was assistant special agent in charge , head of the drug task force and white collar crime section of the FBI in Boston . Describing himself as a whistle-blower , he detailed instances when he tried to report leaks and corruption within the FBI in Boston . In one instance , Fitzpatrick testified , the FBI and government strike force attorneys were resisting his efforts to get an FBI informant into the witness protection program . "  I was getting the impression that people were stonewalling our trying to get Halloran out of harm 's way , " Fitzpatrick said Monday . Brian Halloran , one of Bulger 's former associates , agreed to cooperate with the FBI and implicate Bulger in the murder of a wealthy Oklahoma businessman . Two days after Fitzpatrick complained to his superiors that not enough was being done to put the man in witness protection , Halloran was shot to death , along with a friend , Michael Donahue , who was driving him home . Bulger 's "  surrogate son " and former associate , Kevin Weeks , testified earlier in the trial that "  Jim Bulger just kept shooting , " describing Halloran 's writhing , bullet-ridden body as "  bouncing off the ground . " Bulger was tipped off by his rogue FBI informant handler that Halloran was cooperating with the FBI , according to testimony from disgraced FBI agents . Fitzpatrick contends he was ultimately forced to resign from his post in Boston because he was being retaliated against after reporting to headquarters that his boss was leaking information about grand jury testimony . "  The reason I left the FBI is because it was corrupt at that level , " he said . On cross-examination , sparks flew as prosecuting attorney Brian Kelly asked Fitzpatrick immediately , "  It 's fair to say you are a man who likes to make up stories ? " Kelly argued that in Fitzpatrick 's memoir "  Betrayal , " the former agent falsely proclaims that he made the arrest of a mafia crime boss . Kelly produced the FBI report in court that made no mention of Fitzpatrick 's name in the arrest report . Fitzpatrick also contends in his book that he recovered the rifle used to shoot Martin Luther King Jr. . Prosecutor Kelly brandished the 200-page report on the FBI 's website documenting the MLK assassination , which does not make one mention of Fitzpatrick . "  Where 's you ? " Kelly asked Fitzpatrick . "  I was on the scene when shot was taken , " he said . Tension between attorneys is mounting as the trial gets into its final weeks . Kelly used words as ammunition as he read passages from Fitzpatrick 's memoir amid a fiery line of questions . Bulger 's attorney , J.W. Carney , had to reinforce his partner Hank Brennan 's objections at one point , adding , "  Apparently it takes two voices to get Mr. Kelly to stop talking . " Kelly got Fitzpatrick to admit that he was not working in the FBI during the time the government began to make its case against Bulger , and said aloud to a very attentive jury , "  you have nothing to do with the charges that bring us here today . " Fitzpatrick is still in legal battles for his pension , which he lost as a result of being forced to resign five years early . On why he titled his book "  Betrayal , " he said , "  I felt betrayed . "  I think the government felt betrayed . "  The FBI was betrayed . "  The Justice Department was betrayed . "  There was a lot of betrayal going on . " The defense plans to call at least 11 more witnesses , but the attorneys indicated that is subject to change . Also Monday , Judge Denise Casper heard arguments on a defense motion to sequester the jury . Kelly said that it was "  not necessary " to suggest this to the jury "  at the 11th hour . " Carney replied that there has "  never been a more widely publicized or sensational case in this district , " harkening to saturated media coverage and "  statements that are so hyperbolic and prejudicial towards the defendant ... unlike anything anyone has seen . " Casper has not yet ruled on the motion Fitzpatrick said he met with Bulger only one time to evaluate him as an informant , and Bulger did not give him any valuable information . He added that the only information he ever gleaned from Bulger came from his FBI file , which was written by Bulger 's rogue FBI informant handlers , John Morris and John Connolly . Connolly is serving time for leaking sensitive information that cost two cooperating witnesses their lives at Bulger 's hands . Morris was granted immunity from prosecution in exchange for testimony in 1998 in which he confirmed FBI misconduct . Morris , who reviewed all informant matters at the time , drove Fitzpatrick to a meeting with Bulger in January of 1981 . Fitzpatrick said Morris was "  pumping him  Bulger  up " to Fitzpatrick , saying that Bulger was a "  great guy . " Morris previously testified he accepted more than $ 7,000 in cash and gifts from Bulger . Fitzpatrick said that when he met Bulger in a dark corridor in Quincy , Massachusetts , Bulger was wearing a baseball cap -- "  Boston of course " -- and sunglasses . Bulger would not shake Fitzpatrick 's hand , he said . "  That 's not a really nice way to start a conversation . " "  Most informants are really trying to help , " he said . "  They are trying to do the job . I did n't get that from him at first . " So Fitzpatrick asked him , "  What are you doing for me ? " During a 30-minute conversation , Fitzpatrick said , Bulger never once gave him any valuable information . "  Basically , he was not giving me info I was trying to get . ... He was not responsive to what I was out there to get . " Bulger "  said he was leader of the gang , top guy . That resonated with me because , you know in the FBI , you ca n't have the head of the gang as an informant , because then you are validating the gang , you are a part of the management , if you will , " he said . Fitzpatrick said Bulger told him he would never testify , which is rare for an informant . "  At one point , he  Bulger  even said , ' I am not an informant . ' At that point I made a mental reservation ... ` what am I doing here , what 's going on here ? ' " Then Fitzpatrick , who thought this was a private meeting , was "  shocked " to see Connolly , Bulger 's rogue FBI informant handler , who "  popped up " out of nowhere at the meeting , which Fitzpatrick said he was not entitled to attend . Connolly served time on federal racketeering charges and is now in state prison serving 40 years on related murder charges stemming from his relationship with Bulger . He tipped off Bulger and his crew that an associate , Halloran , was cooperating with the FBI and implicating Bulger in the Oklahoma businessman 's murder . Ultimately , Fitzpatrick recommended Bulger be closed as an informant . Fitzpatrick gave the information to the special agent in charge , who passed the recommendation on to Washington FBI headquarters . Headquarters determined that Bulger was too valuable to taking down the New England Mafia and decided to keep him open . Morris testified that he wrote a letter to headquarters to persuade them to keep Bulger on as an informant because of all the help he was giving the FBI in taking down the Italian mafia , La Cosa Nostra . The defense has argued that it was Bulger 's partner and henchman Stephen Flemmi who was providing information about the mafia , and that the information was put in Bulger 's file so that the FBI could preserve him as an informant . Fitzpatrick testified that the only information he received from Bulger was information he read in Bulger 's informant file , produced by rogue agents Connolly and Morris . He said he never had any reason "  not to trust " the agents he worked with .	A former FBI agent is the first witness for the defense He testifies he recommended "  terminating " Bulger as an informant The defense files a motion to sequester the jury The prosecution rested its case Friday
He 's serving a 28-year sentence for killing a Peruvian woman . He 's also the main suspect in the disappearance of an American teenage girl . But these days , Joran van der Sloot is more focused on his wedding plans than his legal situation . Maximo Altez , van der Sloot 's Peruvian defense attorney , told CNN the 26-year-old Dutch national is getting married "  in late May or early June " to a Peruvian woman he befriended in the prison in which he 's being held in Lima , the capital . "  They met when she was visiting a relative in prison . They became friends and spent a lot of time together in his cell , " Altez said . "  Unlike The United States , here in Peru loved ones or relatives can see inmates inside their jails . " Leydi Carol Figueroa Uceda , 23 , the bride-to-be , is expecting a baby boy fathered by van der Sloot , according to Altez . She 's five months ' pregnant . The accountant has a 2-year-old boy from a previous relationship . "  He 's very happy about getting married . Since his girlfriend is pregnant , he wants his child to be born to a married couple and he 's anxiously awaiting the day he can get married , " Altez said . According to the defense attorney , the small , private wedding will be held in the prison 's chapel . Van der Sloot is being held in the Piedras Gordas prison , located in Lima 's Ancon district . In January 2013 , he was sentenced to 28 years behind bars after being convicted of murdering Stephany Flores in 2010 . Flores was 21 when van der Sloot strangled and beat her to death in his hotel room only days after meeting her in Lima , according to prosecutors . They said during the trial he was upset because Flores had asked him about his alleged involvement in Natalee Holloway 's disappearance . Holloway declared legally dead Van der Sloot is scheduled to be released on June 10 , 2038 ; but his attorney says the 28-year sentence can be reduced considerably "  for good behavior . " The inmate has long been considered the prime suspect in the disappearance of Holloway , an 18-year-old from Alabama . She was last seen in the early hours of May 30 , 2005 , leaving a nightclub on the Caribbean island of Aruba with van der Sloot and two other men . Van der Sloot was arrested twice in Aruba in connection with Holloway 's disappearance , but was never charged . He has denied responsibility for her disappearance . Holloway 's body has n't been found . Flores ' murder happened exactly five years to the day Holloway disappeared . Peruvian media have raised the possibility that van der Sloot is getting married to avoid extradition to the United States . In June 2010 , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges of allegedly attempting to extort $ 250,000 from Holloway 's mother , Beth Holloway . Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Holloway 's remains in exchange for the money , according to the indictment . He was allegedly given $ 25,000 , which authorities say he used to travel to Peru for a poker tournament . But Altez , his defense attorney , dismissed the suggestion that the wedding is a legal maneuver to avoid extradition , saying the wedding should n't be "  a big deal . " "  He 's getting married because he 's in love and is having a child . There are no hidden agendas , " Altez said . The inmate will be able to meet the baby after delivery . In compliance with Peruvian law , van der Sloot 's attorney is publishing his client 's intent to marry in newspapers across Peru on Thursday . Altez said his client is studying international business at Universidad Alas Peruanas through a prison program and is preparing for tests . Van der Sloot is teaching English to inmates . Peru agrees to extradite van der Sloot to U.S. ... in 24 years	Joran van der Sloot plans to marry in a Peruvian prison Convicted killer will be a father later this year He 's a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of Natalee Holloway in Aruba
LONDON , England -- Graffiti artist Banksy , famed for infiltrating museum collections without their knowledge and spray-painting public buildings around the world , is holding his first major exhibition in years . A Banksy painting of the British House of Commons at England 's Bristol museum . This time , however , the anonymous artist worked in tandem with the director of Bristol museum in the UK . CNN 's Max Foster got a preview of his largest project to date . The artist 's anonymity gained him notoriety and he became one of the art world 's biggest names with his works selling at auction for hundreds of thousands of dollars . The exhibition 's range , while very varied , remained true to Banksy form with his usual unconventional take on art . See pictures from Banksy 's exhibition " "  I think we might have dragged them down to our level rather than being elevated to theirs " Banksy , who is thought to be from Bristol , said about the museum . He filled three stories of the building with his art in 36 hours under tight security , as only a few museum staff were aware of the shows ' imminent arrival . His work is hidden among the museum 's usual exhibits and is split into different rooms , including installations , paintings and sculptures . In one of the paintings , a character has been cut out and is instead sitting on the painting 's frame , perhaps taking a break from posing ? Another piece , which at first glance , looks like a copy of an ancient classical statue , is in fact a woman over-loaded with countless shopping bags as she browses for yet another item . Perhaps the most controversial , yet equally light-hearted piece , is a painting of the British Parliamentary House of Commons , filled with chimpanzees who are looking surprisingly "  ministerial . " "  You paint a hundred chimpanzees and they call you a guerilla artist , " Banksy said . While one of the more poignant installations is that of Tweety , the Warner Bros. animated character famous for his upbeat personality and energy , looking old and life-less . "  This show is my vision of the future , " the artist said . Banksy is unlikely to show up at the exhibition as he attempts to retain his anonymity . But while we may never know his identity , with this latest show , Banksy has definitely shown yet another facet of his personality . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report	Banksy , the world-famous British graffiti artist will unveil his largest project to date A surprise show is held from June 13 until August 31 at the Bristol museum , UK Banksy has remained true to form with his unconventional take on art
London , England  CNN  -- British Defence Secretary Bob Ainsworth announced a public inquiry Wednesday into allegations that Iraqis were killed and abused after a firefight more than five years ago in the southern part of the country . The allegations center around the aftermath of a fight in May 2004 at the so-called Danny Boy checkpoint in Maysan Province . Former detainees and the family of a slain Iraqi contend at least 20 people were killed and others were abused at Camp Abu Naji after a fight between British soldiers and Iraqi insurgents . That claim has been denied by the UK Ministry of Defence -- which says the 20 people died in battle and people detained were not mistreated . The probe is called the Al Sweady inquiry -- named after the family of the dead Iraqi . Thayne Forbes -- who retired from the High Court Bench last year -- will chair the inquiry into allegations . The inquiry will look into allegations of "  unlawful killings " and the "  ill-treatment of five Iraqi nationals detained at Camp Abu Naji . " Even though the probe will focus on five detainees , attorneys claim nine people were detained and abused . The defense ministry disputes those allegations . "  We have found no credible evidence that those detained , as a result of the attack on British troops and the prolonged firefight at Danny Boy checkpoint , were mistreated , " the defense ministry said in a statement . The release of a photo published in British media and obtained by CNN about the incident shows an armed soldier standing near four people face down on the ground with their hands bound behind their backs and their faces covered . Attorneys for the men say they were beaten and evidence shows a breach of the Geneva Conventions prohibiting humiliating and degrading treatment of prisoners . But , the defence ministry disputes that . "  It is important to remember that our first priority at the end of such attacks is to protect our personnel from further threats , " the ministry said . CNN 's Atika Shubert and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	UK to hold public inquiry into allegations Iraqis were killed and abused after firefight five years ago Allegations center around aftermath of firefight in 2004 at checkpoint in Maysan Province , southern Iraq Former detainees and family of a slain Iraqi say at least 20 people were killed and others were abused UK defense ministry says the 20 people died in battle and people detained were not mistreated
CNN  -- A 17-year-old boy appeared in a California juvenile court on Tuesday in connection with a small fire that occurred during several wildfires last week in San Diego County , authorities said . No further details were available on the nature of the juvenile court appearance for the teen , said spokeswoman Tanya Sierra of the San Diego County District Attorney 's Office . The juvenile court judge closed Tuesday 's proceedings to the media , and authorities were n't releasing details because of the individual 's juvenile status , Sierra said . The 17-year-old boy was arrested last week with a 19-year-old man , but the older teenager was released and there will be no charges filed against him , Sierra said Tuesday . Both individuals are from Escondido in San Diego County , and the small fire that prompted their arrest Thursday was extinguished , authorities said . "  We can only file charges when we believe we can prove them beyond a reasonable doubt , and in this case , after a thorough review of the case , the district attorney 's office declined to file criminal charges " against the 19-year-old man , Sierra said . Authorities have already charged Alberto Serrato with arson in connection with another small fire last week . He is accused of adding brush onto an existing small fire in the San Luis Rey riverbed area in Oceanside , authorities said . Serrato , 57 , pleaded not guilty on Friday , Sierra said . Serrato is the only person charged with arson in last week 's wildfires , which at one point numbered about three dozen . In all , nearly 26,000 acres , or about 40 square miles , were burned the past week by nine major fires in San Diego County , Cal Fire spokesman Daniel Berlant said Tuesday . On Tuesday , all but three wildfires were completely contained . The Cocos Fire in San Marco burned 1,995 acres and was 93 % contained Tuesday , Cal Fire said . The Pulgas Fire on the Marine Corps base Camp Pendleton burned 14,416 acres and was 99 % contained Tuesday afternoon , Cal Fire said . The San Mateo , or Combat Fire , also on Camp Pendleton , burned 1,457 acres and was 99 % contained Tuesday afternoon , Cal Fire said . The two fires and others on Camp Pendleton last week burned 21,900 acres , almost 18 % of the base , the Marines said . San Diego County authorities have formed a task force to investigate more than a dozen wildfires from last week , said Jan Caldwell , spokeswoman for the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department . "  The purpose of the task force is to be a clearinghouse for investigators to look for similarities in these cases , " Caldwell said . "  They will do trend analysis and look for patterns . " A second task force with the district attorney 's office and state insurance authorities was also warning homeowners on Tuesday to be wary of criminals who prey on victims of natural disasters , the district attorney 's office said . Unseasonably early wildfires	Authorities are n't releasing details on juvenile court appearance by teen He was arrested last week in connection with a small fire in Escondido About 40 square miles burned in nine major wildfires in San Diego County One task force investigates the wildfires ; a second warns homeowners of scams
CNN  -- If Lagos were a person , he  or she  would be described as "  mad , bad and dangerous to know . " Locals get about in traffic-heavy Lagos on motorcycles known as okadas . But we all know that these types of people are usually the most exciting kind . They are a lot of fun and you just never know what 's going to happen when they 're around . By the same token , any visitor to Lagos should prepare for the unexpected -- it can feel like a literal assault on the senses from the moment you step off the plane and feel the intensity of the dense tropical heat . Lagos is big , brash and bold and creaks under the weight of the 17 million people who live there . The former capital of Nigeria , Lagos remains its economic nerve center and teems constantly with the buzz of buying and selling  usually performed at the top of the vendors ' voices . There 's only one volume level in Lagos and that 's loud . From the constant tooting of horns in the snail-paced traffic , known locally as go slows , to music blaring from homes round-the-clock , the city buzzes constantly with noise . Getting around is not easy and you will be caught in the frequent go slows , where you will be confronted by vendors selling all manner of things , from English football team merchandise to dinner sets to plantain chips to frozen yogurts . Locals often joke they can kit out their entire home in a short car journey . The city is divided into three islands adjacent to each other and the mainland . Most expatriates and employees of multinationals , that proliferate in Lagos , are based on two of the islands ; Ikoyi and Victoria Island . The vast majority of wealth in the city is concentrated on these upmarket islands , with their western-style shopping malls and entertainment complexes . The best restaurants , bars , boutiques and galleries can also be found here and it 's best to stick to these areas to make the most of your time in Lagos . A stay in Lagos would be incomplete without visiting one of the lively and colorful markets like the Balogun market off Breadfruit St , Lagos Island . It is not for the meek or faint-hearted but you 're guaranteed to get a bargain or two if you 're prepared for a good haggle . It 's great for African prints and carvings but is a maze of a market , so best to hop on the back of popular motorcycles known locally as okadas to help you navigate it . To relax from all that haggling , you can head down to one of the five beaches in the city -- the best of them is Tarkwa Bay -- a small beach at the entrance to the Lagos port . It is easily accessible by boat from Tarzan Jetty at Maroko  around $ 6 per person  or under Falomo bridge on Victoria Island . At Tarkwa Bay you can browse through some local African arts , cloth or even locally produced honey brought round by the occasional hawker . For a spot of lunch , make like locals and indulge in some "  pepper fish " or suya -- very spicy chunks of meat , similar to kebabs , cooked over a charcoal grill  , washed down with ice cold beer . For authentic Nigerian cuisine that wo n't give your stomach too much "  wahalla "  trouble  , the Yellow Chili restaurant on Oju Olubun Close , Victoria Island is recommended . Those with an adventurous palate can order the special delicacy of Isi-Ewu - goat 's head , while others can tuck into jollof rice and chicken or spicy bean cakes  moi-moi  -- a favorite with most Nigerians . For a spot of culture , a short taxi ride away is one of the city 's main attractions , the National Museum on King George V Road , Onikan . It opened in 1957 and houses bronze sculptures and ivory carvings from Benin dating back 300 years . Is Lagos the most exciting city in Africa ? Use the Sound Off box below to have your say . If you are in the market for some art , you can pick up some tasteful , but admittedly , not cheap , Nigerian art at the Bogobiri boutique hotel in West Ikoyi . The hotel owner 's brother , Azu , will take you to his studio where you can see the artists at work . Lagos is a see-and-be-seen place and later you can party at one of the most fashionable places in town , Caliente on Goriola Street , off Adeola Odeku Street , a fun cocktail bar with a South American vibe and salsa dancing . Lagosians also let their hair down over a bucket of champagne or two at Bar Ten in Saka Tinubu Street , owned by Nigerian football star Jay Jay Okocha . There 's no chance of missing it as his name is engraved with golden letters above the entrance ! Be prepared to empty your wallet though , as Lagosians are big spenders . However , if your taste is less opulent , visit one of the numerous beer parlors found on every street corner and which are open 24 hours a day . Lagos is a city that never sleeps . For those staying on the mainland , check if musician Femi Kuti is in town on a Sunday and go to "  The Shrine " , Ikeja - the home of Afrobeat . This is an amazing experience reminiscent of his dad , the legendary musician Fela Kuti . Or you can catch the current king of Afrobeat , Lagbaja at his club Motherlan ' on Opebi Road , Ikeja . The clubs do n't kick off in earnest until around 10pm and you can party well into the night , just do n't forget to make it in time for your flight home ! CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report	Lagos is a vibrant , exuberant city that never sleeps You can shop for African fabrics at the local markets , just be prepared to haggle ! Party at The Shrine nightclub , home of legendary Afrobeat musician Fela Kuti
CNN  -- It may have a fairy tale ending -- a story of perseverance and second chances that 's playing out live on the public stage of online networking . Brianna Karp 's trailer now sits outside a friend 's home near Los Angeles But 24-year-old Brianna Karp 's story started as a nightmare . In a rocky economy , Karp was laid off from her Irvine , California , job as an executive assistant in July 2008 . She got by for a while on temp jobs and unemployment benefits . But when her savings dried up , she was no longer able to afford her rent . The only answer she saw then was a trailer she 'd inherited from her father -- a man she barely knew who had recently committed suicide . "  I was left with a truck and this camper , which I was going to sell but coincidentally this happened to me , " she said . "  I thought , ` Well , I have this . ' " Karp , who writes that she is also estranged from her mother , ended up camped in a Los Angeles-area Walmart parking lot . "  The first night , I think , in the Walmart parking lot was the scariest , " she told CNN . "  I was panicking , and I was just afraid . " For comfort , she had her mastiff named Fezzik . And she had her laptop computer . As she spent five months looking for jobs and blasting out resumes , often spending hour after hour at a coffee shop to take advantage of its free Wi-Fi connection , she also started blogging . The result , the Girl 's Guide to Homelessness , chronicled the ups and downs of her new life . She reminisced about adopting her dog , named for a character from the movie "  The Princess Bride , " and mulled the pros and cons of having a pet while homeless . She recounted details from failed job interviews and offered tips for other homeless women . "  I was trying to stay positive and cheerful , " Karp said . "  I started writing the blog in a tongue-in-cheek way to kind of laugh about my circumstances , keep them chronicled . I did n't think anyone would actually read it . " Watch CNN 's Ted Rowland 's report on Brianna . " But people did , including Matt Barnes , formerly homeless himself and running a Web site about his own homelessness issues in Scotland . He asked her to write for his site and would eventually become Brianna 's boyfriend . Another big break came through a shot at the weird world of reality television . Karp applied for a show that would offer contestants the chance at a job with Elle magazine advice columnist E. Jean Carroll . She was granted an audition for the show and , by her own account , totally botched it . "  I went back and blogged about bombing the interview and made fun of myself , " she said . On a lark , she then wrote to Carroll via her column . "  Dear E. Jean : I 'm currently homeless and living in a Wal-Mart parking lot , " her e-mail began . "  I 'm educated , I have never done drugs and I 'm not mentally ill . I have a strong employment history and am a career executive assistant . The instability sucks , but I 'm rocking it as best as I can . " She told Carroll about her poor interview for the show and finished the note with the question , "  How does one get another shot when one screws up a job interview ? -- Homeless , but Not Hopeless . " Carroll said she was floored by the note . " -LSB- The phrase -RSB- ` I 'm living in a Walmart parking lot ' hooked me , " she said . "  I thought , she 's so ready to work , obviously she can write , she 's got some skills . " Her response appeared in the August issue of Elle -- she offered Karp an internship and a chance to write a fashion blog for the magazine . "  I think she 's a new voice , " Carroll said . "  She 's a voice we have n't heard , and I 'm excited for her future . " Not that all of her troubles were instantly over . Last month , she wrote , Walmart finally had her trailer towed , and she has now parked her mobile home at a friend 's house outside Los Angeles . She 's also still seeking that elusive full-time job , while hoping her newfound high profile will help spread the word about homelessness , and how it can happen to the most unlikely people . "  If you saw me walking down the street , you would n't assume I live in a parking lot , " she writes on the blog . "  In short , I am just like you , except without the convenience of a permanent address . " CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	24-year-old went from being executive assistant to homelessness after layoff Karp lived in Walmart parking lot , and her blog started grabbing attention Elle columnist : "  I 'm excited for her future " Karp hopes blog will educate people about homelessness
Cairo  CNN  -- It 's been more than four months since longtime Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak was forced out by his people in largely peaceful mass protests that lasted 18 days . The opposition activists who celebrated in the streets after Mubarak stepped down had hoped that tangible changes would follow soon after their Tahrir Square victory . It had not even taken three weeks to rid the country of an autocratic president who had ruled with an iron fist for three decades . Why , then , is it taking so long to achieve further progress ? "  The people who went to Tahrir were fed up with corruption , with the lack of freedom , the social injustice and police brutality , " said Amr Khodeir , a 27-year old accountant who camped out with fellow revolutionaries in the square . "  We thought we would feel the change once Mubarak and his men were no longer in power . " But four months on , little has changed on the ground . With parliamentary elections planned for September and the government in transition , the nation 's economic outlook is as bleak as ever . The country 's long-detested police force , which deserted the streets during the uprising , has been hesitant to return and face the wrath of a now-emboldened and angry public . This has contributed to a security vacuum that has led to increased crime , thuggery and a spate of sectarian violence . Yet protesters still face the prospect of detention and possible mistreatment , human rights activists say . Many Egyptians feel that the revolution is incomplete as they wait for Mubarak and members of his former administration to be brought to justice . They wonder why the Supreme Military Council , now in control , has not acted against former regime members to show its commitment to change . Trials of the former ministers -- facing charges ranging from misuse of public funds to ordering the killing of protesters -- have been postponed several times . Mubarak himself has so far escaped justice , although he is under arrest in his hospital room in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el Sheikh and has been barred from leaving the country . "  Egyptians too are dismayed that the ousted president 's loyalists were given ample time to hide their assets , " Asmaa Mahfouz , a founding member of the April 6 youth movement , recently told a Cairo gathering . Some Facebook users ask why the Supreme Military Council and the transitional government have taken to so long to put Parliamentary Speaker Fathy Surour , Mubarak 's chief of staff Zakaria Azmy and National Democratic Party Secretary General Safwat el Sherif behind bars . There has been no official response . Members of the Mubarak 's ruling National Democratic Party still hold key positions in state institutions . "  Whenever one NDP member is forced out by angry protesters , he or she is almost immediately replaced by another Mubarak loyalist , " said Najlaa Abdel Hafez , a journalist working for the state-sponsored Al Ahram newspaper . At Egypt 's state TV , where I worked until quitting February 3 in protest of the uprising coverage , the same heads of channels and senior editors who described revolutionaries as traitors and foreign agents during that period are still in charge "  Nothing has changed , " said Ahmed Sherif , a news editor with the main Arabic channel . "  In fact , there is greater control now than there was during the Mubarak era . All scripts are revised by senior editorial staff , and any news item related to the armed forces has to be approved by the Morale Affairs Department before it is aired or published . " In recent weeks , six journalists were summoned by the military prosecutor for questioning after publicly criticizing the military on television talk shows . Among them was Hossam Hamalawy , who had urged that members of the armed forces be held accountable for any wrongdoing , saying that no one is above the law . Blogger Michael Nabil was sentenced to three years in prison by a military court for criticizing the army . The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists , which promotes press freedom , has said that such actions were meant "  to create a climate of fear and to intimidate journalists . " In a more shocking development just weeks ago , a young reporter was sexually assaulted while covering a Friday rally in Tahrir Square . The attack was front-page news , and all the local dailies carried a picture of the reporter in apparent shock after her ordeal . In a conservative , predominantly Muslim society where a girl 's chastity is closely linked to family honor , it is rare for such photographs to be displayed publicly for fear they may sully a girl 's reputation and stigmatize her for life . "  The decision by local media editors to brazenly show the pictures was a clear message to deter female protesters from joining their male counterparts in Tahrir Square in future , " businessman Medhat Fawzi suggested . There also have been reports of brutality against Tahrir Square protesters arrested since Mubarak 's fall from power . Mona Seif , a young activist who has made it her mission to document rights abuses by the armed forces , says one group of detainees was subjected to torture , including electric shocks , at the hands of the military March 9 . In an earlier incident , on February 26 , opposition activist Mohamed Moussa alleges that he and fellow protesters were relentlessly beaten and kicked while in detention , allowed a brief respite only when they followed orders to chant "  Long live Hosni Mubarak . " As the elections draw nearer , many are left wondering whether the military rulers will be willing to cede power to a civil government . Ambassador Mohamed Rifaah , former official spokesman for the Grand Sheikh of Al Azhar , Egypt 's highest religious authority , is one of the skeptics . "  Egypt has been ruled by the military for 60 years , " he said . "  Convincing the diehard dictators to loosen their grip on power wo n't be easy . "	It took only 18 days for Egyptians to oust President Hosni Mubarak Why is further progress taking so much longer ? Many wait for Mubarak and his loyalists to be brought to justice Journalists say restrictions are even worse now than under Mubarak
