CNN  -- Authorities are searching for a British sailor who disappeared after arriving in Dubai . Timothy Andrew MacColl , 27 , was last seen getting into a taxi about 2 a.m. on Sunday , May 27 , his family said . "  It is known that he had just left the Rock Bottom Bar which is at the Regent Hotel in the area of Deira , " the family said in a statement . The bar is about a 15-minute drive from Port Rashid , where MacColl 's ship , the HMS Westminster , had docked the previous day , the family said . A shipmate saw him get into the taxi alone , the statement said . MacColl is married and has two children , ages 6 and 4 . His wife , Rachel , is expecting their third child in October . "  We are desperately worried . Checks have been made with hospitals , prisons , police stations , medical stations and mortuaries and there is no record of him and no sightings so far , " Rachel MacColl said in the statement . "  I last spoke with Timmy at midday on Saturday and he was in really good spirits and looking forward to speaking with the children on Skype on Sunday . That call never happened . It is completely out of character for him not to contact us , and we are completely at a loss and going crazy with worry . "  Wherever Timmy is , I know that he wants to be found . ... He may be in trouble somewhere , he could be trapped as far as we know , we have absolutely no idea . Please , please help us find him . " A spokesman for Britain 's Royal Navy confirmed that MacColl is "  unaccounted for in Dubai " and said "  everything is being done to ensure that he is located safely . " British authorities are working with local authorities . "  We take great care to look after all members of the Naval Service wherever they serve around the world , " the navy spokesman said . CNN 's Kindah Shair and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Timothy Andrew MacColl was last seen getting into a taxi alone outside a bar The 27-year-old has two children and a third on the way The family is "  going crazy with worry , " his wife says British authorities are working with local officials to find him
He 's been photographed dropping vases before -- but that does n't mean it 's OK for just anyone to do it . Ai Weiwei has made a name for himself by not only creating visually arresting and thought-provoking art , but for his uncompromising activism in opposition to the Chinese government . Ai was on the receiving end of a protest this weekend when a local Miami artist smashed a "  color basis " vase valued at $ 1 million , part of the artist 's "  According to what ? " exhibition at the Perez Art Museum Miami  PAMM  in the city . The exhibition also included photographs of the Chinese artist dropping what appears to be a Han Dynasty urn . Maximo Caminero , a Miami-based artist , was named in a police affidavit as the defendant . He told an officer that his act was a protest against the gallery 's decision to only display international art . The police report states that Caminero picked up the vase before being advised to put it down by a museum official . He then dropped it "  in protest . " He was charged with criminal mischief . Questionable protest Ai , meanwhile , told CNN that he did n't have "  much reaction " to the news , but said that he thought that a line should be drawn when it came to damaging public or private property as part of a protest . "  I ca n't have a show in Beijing but I can not go to museums to break work in Beijing , " he said in a phone interview . "  My work is basically forbidden to be shown in China ... The protest itself may be valid but to damage somebody 's work to do that is questionable . " Ai said that he considered his work -- specifically the triptych which shows him dropping an antique urn -- to be "  very different . " "  My work belongs to me , it does n't belong to the public and also it does n't -LSB- belong to -RSB- somebody else . " He said he believes he has been contacted by the gallery but he is n't taking the loss too seriously . "  I do n't really care much and actually my work is often damaged in different shows , because it 's fragile , so normally I do n't take these things too highly . Damage is damage , you know . If they have insurance , maybe it will be covered . " Art in China : On script and cutting edge ? Condemnation The museum issued a statement concerning the incident , condemning Caminero 's act . "  Although the museum ca n't speak directly to intentions , evidence suggests that this was a premeditated act , " a PAMM statement read . "  As an art museum dedicated to celebrating modern and contemporary artists from within our community and around the world , we have the highest respect for freedom of expression , but this destructive act is vandalism and disrespectful to another artist and his work , to Perez Art Museum Miami , and to our community . " Caminero told the Miami New Times that "  it was a spontaneous protest " and that he "  lifted the vase and let it smash on the floor like Weiwei did in his picture then waited for authorities peacefully and never resisted punishment . " Ai Weiwei rocks out against detention	Prominent Chinese artist 's work vandalized in Miami gallery Defendant says he destroyed Ai Weiwei 's $ 1 million vase as "  a spontaneous protest " Ai has previously destroyed vases as part of his work But he says a line needs to be drawn when work is damaged as part of a protest
CNN  -- It 's like sexting , but with benefits . New Mexico teens have an alternative to their parents when it comes to sexual health questions . And it comes in a form they 're familiar with : text messaging . Appropriately named "  BrdsNBz , the service launched this month allows teens to text sexual health questions to a hotline . Within 24 hours , a health expert will text back a private , nonjudgmental response . "  Talking about the birds and the bees -- sexual health -- is almost always awkward for parents , teens and sometimes both of us , " state health officials say . The service , available in Spanish and English , targets teens between ages 13 and 19 . Is there a different standard for girls online ? New Mexico is among the top three nationally in teen birth rates , said Valerie Fisher with the state health department . "  I have an 11-year-old . I try to explain things to him , and he 's like , ` Mommmm , stop ! ' so I understand , " Fisher said . "  This is a great tool . It educates teens , they learn some things maybe they did n't know and it even helps them ask their parents better questions . " Although teenage pregnancy rates in the U.S. are at historic lows , they are substantially higher than other Western countries . "  Teen birth rates fell at least 15 % for all but two states during 2007 -- 2011â $ " the most recent period of sustained decline , " the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says . The pregnancy rate for girls ages 15-19 dropped to 31.3 per 1,000 in 2011 , a record low for the United States . But experts say the drop does not mean the issue is no longer a priority . Other states offer similar services for teens . North Carolina launched a BrdsNBz program in 2009 . California has its own service , HookUp 365247 , which is loosely based on the same concept . It provides teens who text the number with weekly sexual health tips and the nearest reproductive health clinics . In New Mexico , parents can text their questions as well . Messaging app aims to be safer Snapchat	The service is available in Spanish and English It lets New Mexico teens text sexual health questions anytime Within 24 hours , a response comes in the form of a text Teen birth rates in the U.S. are at historic lows , but are higher than other Western countries
CNN  -- Dozens of homes and farms have been destroyed by fire in the Australian state of Victoria in recent days , as fire crews battle to contain the state 's worst bushfires in five years . Australian public broadcaster ABC News reported at least 26 homes had been destroyed across the state , with most of the damage occurring in the northern Melbourne suburbs of Mickleham and Warrandyte , according to the Country Fire Authority . Victoria Fire Services Commissioner Craig Lapsley said Sunday was "  the most serious fire day we 've had in the state in five years , " referring to the Black Saturday tragedy that claimed 173 lives . A firefighter in Victoria injured after being hit by a falling tree was the only fire-related injury reported at this time . Strong winds and high temperatures -- which have hit 40ËšC in recent days -- have created high-risk conditions in Victoria , where a total fire ban has been put in place . About 40 bushfires are also raging in the neighboring state of New South Wales , with areas in the south of the state placed under high alert . No homes in the state have been destroyed . Lapsley said that Sunday morning 's fires were fast-moving and intense , and aided by wind . While cooler temperatures forecast for coming days would be welcomed , he said , "  it does n't change the conditions , it does n't bring rain ... We will see the fire danger decrease but the fires still have the potential to do damage over the next number of days . "	Bushfires raging in Victoria have destroyed 26 properties Authorities describe the worst fires since Black Saturday which killed 173 people in 2009 One firefighter has been injured battling the blazes About 40 bushfires are also burning in neighboring New South Wales
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council decided Tuesday to postpone for a day a vote to approve sending 2,000 additional troops to the Ivory Coast . Security Council diplomats said the vote was delayed because Russia had objections to the "  political " language in the draft resolution . " -LSB- Wednesday -RSB- , we will adopt the resolution , " Ambassador Ivan Barbalic of Bosnia-Herzegovina , this month 's president of the council , told reporters . Asked whether disagreements between member states led to the delay , Barbalic said "  There are no disagreements . It will be adopted . " The Security Council is expected to approve the increase unanimously , a diplomat from one of the council 's member states told CNN on Monday . U.N. officials requested up to 2,000 more peacekeepers in early January , which would bring mission strength to more than 11,000 troops and police . The increased number of troops comes amid a standoff between self-proclaimed President Laurent Gbagbo and the internationally recognized winner of November 's presidential runoff , Alassane Ouattara . Ouattara is holed up in a hotel in Abidjan under the protection of U.N. peacekeepers , and the United Nations has blamed Gbagbo 's supporters for a string of attacks on U.N. vehicles and troops in the past week . Gbagbo 's foreign minister , Alcide Djedje , said earlier this month that the peacekeepers are "  complicit with the rebellion " and that the sitting government has "  no more confidence in the U.N. " The standoff has raised fears of a renewal of the bloodshed suffered after a civil war broke out in 2002 . More than 25,000 Ivorians have fled to neighboring Liberia since the crisis began , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees reported last week . The Economic Community of West African States has threatened to use "  legitimate force " to remove Gbagbo , who met Monday with African Union mediator Raila Odinga . Odinga , Kenya 's prime minister , arrived in Abidjan for the talks early Monday . The cocoa-producing nation was wracked by civil war from 2002 to 2007 , when a settlement left the country divided between north and south . The 2010 elections came with high expectations that they would open a new chapter in the country 's history . CNN 's Whitney Hurst and Zain Verjee contributed to this report .	NEW : The vote is delayed until Wednesday NEW : The Security Council president expresses confidence it will be adopted Raila Odinga , serving as the African Union 's mediator , met with Gbagbo on Monday
CNN  -- Pope John Paul II used to beat himself with a belt and sleep on a bare floor to bring himself closer to Christ , a book published Wednesday says . The late pope had a particular belt for self-flagellation and brought it with him to his summer residence , according to the book , "  Why he is a Saint : The True story of John Paul II . " "  As some members of his own entourage were able to hear with their own ears , both in Poland and in the Vatican , Karol Wojtyla flagellated himself , " the book says , using the name the pope was given at birth . "  In the closet , among the cloaks , a particular pant-belt hung from a hook , which he utilized as a whip and one which he always had brought to Castel Gandolfo , " the book says . The book was written by a Vatican insider , Slawomir Oder , with Italian journalist Saverio Gaeta of the Catholic weekly Christian Family . Oder is head of the Vatican committee investigating whether John Paul II should be declared a saint . John Paul died in 2005 . The evil albino monk in Dan Brown 's "  The Da Vinci Code " may be the best-known example of self-flagellation these days , but the practice is not unusual in Catholicism -- or nearly as extreme as it is shown in the movie . "  When members or former members -LSB- of Opus Dei -RSB- see the monk go at it in the movie , they just burst out laughing , it 's so nutty , " said the Rev. Michael Barrett , a priest of the Catholic Opus Dei sect . In actual Catholic self-flagellation , "  there is no blood , no injury , nothing to harm a person 's health , nothing traumatic . If it caused any harm , the Church would not allow it , " he wrote on Opus Dei 's Web site when the movie came out in 2006 . "  This voluntarily accepted discomfort is a way of joining oneself to Jesus Christ and the sufferings he voluntarily accepted in order to redeem us from sin . ` The Da Vinci Code 's ' masochist monk , who loves pain for its own sake , has nothing to do with real Christian mortification , " Barrett said . Mother Teresa is among famous Catholics who self-flagellated in some way , Barrett said . Catholics are not alone in choosing to inflict pain on themselves for religion reasons . Some Shiite Muslims lash themselves until they bleed when marking the mourning period of Ashura , while fasting is practiced by people in several religions , including Jews on Yom Kippur , the day of atonement . David Gibson , a journalist who worked for Vatican Radio when John Paul II was pope , pointed out that the pontiff wrote an apostolic letter -- essentially a papal position paper -- on suffering in 1984 . "  Christ did not conceal from his listeners the need for suffering . He said very clearly : ` If any man would come after me ... let him take up his cross daily , ' " the pope wrote , quoting the Gospel of Luke . Jesus , the pope wrote , "  suffered in place of man and for man . Every man has his own share in the Redemption . Each one is also called to share in that suffering through which the Redemption was accomplished . "  In bringing about the Redemption through suffering , Christ has also raised human suffering to the level of the Redemption . Thus each man , in his suffering , can also become a sharer in the redemptive suffering of Christ , " says the letter , Salvifici Doloris , On the Christian Meaning of Human Suffering . "  John Paul was a product of a very Old World Polish Catholicism , " said Gibson , who now writes on religion for Politics Daily . "  He was a very disciplined man and a very rigorous man in his personal spirituality , " he said . The authors of the new book clearly approve of any whipping the pope did of himself , he added . "  Even though it 's going to weird people out , it 's obviously seen by his postulators as a sign of his holiness , " he said , using the technical term for the person who investigates a person 's qualifications for sainthood . He said the idea is not as bizarre as it might sound to contemporary ears . "  The idea of fasting , renouncing something , giving up your Starbucks latte so you can send money to Haiti -- you ca n't simply look down your nose at it without rejecting a lot of other ideas about self-sacrifice , " he said . The authors of the book based it on interviews with 114 "  witnesses " and access to unedited documents in the Vatican 's archives , according to the publisher , Rizzoli . The book is available only in Italian , but the publisher is having it translated into Polish and other languages .	"  Why he is a Saint : The True story of John Paul II " also says he slept on a bare floor Pope used "  a particular pant-belt " to beat himself , book says John Paul wrote an apostolic letter on suffering in 1984 Journalist compares flagellation to fasting or other forms of self-sacrifice
Washington  CNN  -- From end to end , the National Mall has looked like a construction site all summer , providing a detour instead of a destination for many tourists , joggers and other visitors . That will change this weekend , when the renovated Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool at the west end will be filled to its new capacity . And fresh turf at the other end will soon be taking root ahead of January 's presidential Inauguration . "  It is indeed disruptive , " said Bob Vogel , the National Park Service 's superintendent for the Mall area , acknowledging that for "  some people , this may be their first and only trip to Washington , D.C. , and we hate areas shut down . " Especially in hot weather , the Reflecting Pool at the foot of the Lincoln Memorial draws visitors to sit by the water . But in a project that began in late 2010 , the pool was drained of 7 million gallons of water , the foundation dug up and removed , and , in the months that followed , a new concrete base poured and sealed . Most of the work is done , and as of Wednesday , "  the pool 's about half full , " said Scott Stephenson of Corman Construction , the contractor doing the renovations . "  We have about , almost 2 million gallons of water to go yet . " A year after quake , Washington Monument still under repair Reflecting Pool should be refilled by weekend Barring complications , pumps that are drawing water from the Tidal Basin along the Potomac River will have topped off the Reflecting Pool by this weekend . The old structure held more water , but filtering was poor , and the foundation was leaking . The new structure is shallower , with better filtration for less water , and the concrete floor is tinted to maintain its visual impact of reflection . At the east end of the Mall , nearest the U.S. Capitol , earth-moving equipment , mountains of topsoil and teams of construction crews are finishing some yard work that will create a more durable place for inaugural spectators and other gatherings . Two joggers stopped at a sign the park service had placed at the edge of the site to help people make sense of all the activity as visitors detour around temporary fences , concrete barriers and construction apparatus . "  It definitely gives us an uglier view as we run in the mornings , " Diana Schneider said , "  and the dust , the noise level as well , so , yeah , it 's been here a while , and we ca n't wait to get finished . " Turf ready for presidential inauguration in January Vogel explained that crews "  are re-engineering the soil , we are collecting storm water in large cisterns , we have an irrigation system in place , and eventually we 'll be placing new sod " to take root during the current growing season through autumn . "  We do think that this is going to lead to a better end product , and it 's going to sustain the Mall for future generations , " Vogel said . He says the turf project must include the spring and summer months to help the newly planted grass thrive . The area has been a prime gathering point for a view to presidential inaugurations at the West Front of the U.S. Capitol . And Vogel says the turf will be ready for crowds by January . Farther along the Mall , the Washington Monument remains closed because of damage from an earthquake that took place a year ago , on August 23 , 2011 . The National Park Service will soon announce the contract for repairs to the obelisk . A reopening date for the monument has not been announced . Where to find exceptional America What is your favorite site to visit in Washington ? Please share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Key areas have been closed to tourists since November 2010 The renovated Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool is refilling now Re-turfed area to be ready for presidential inauguration in January Monument repairs have not begun , a year after earthquake
Washington  CNN  -- Senior career executives of the U.S. agency responsible for processing key veterans benefits will not receive performance bonuses this year following congressional complaints that the government has been too slow to process disability claims . Josh Taylor , a spokesman for the Veterans Administration , said the Veterans Benefits Administration has eliminated bonuses to ensure executives responsible for a backlog of claims are not rewarded since performance goals were not achieved . "  Instead , the funds will be reinvested to accelerate elimination of the backlog . We remain confident that VBA senior executives are dedicated to our nation 's veterans , and they will continue to lead our drive toward VA 's goal : eliminating the claims backlog in 2015 , " Taylor said . The total bonus payout for career VA executives in fiscal year 2012 was $ 2.3 million , funds that will now be used to eliminate the backlog , according to an agency official with knowledge of the budget . The benefits administration total was not broken out . Political appointees , like Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki , do not receive bonuses . The benefits administration processes disability , pension and other claims for the larger agency . The VA announced an initiative last week aimed at expediting decisions for veterans who have waited one year or longer for compensation claims . "  Too many veterans wait too long for decisions on their compensation claims , and that has never been acceptable . That 's why VA has implemented an aggressive plan that will eliminate the decades-long compensation claims backlog in 2015 , " Taylor said . Lawmakers have been increasingly critical of the VA and are applauding the move to cut performance awards . "  VA employees and managers who fail in their jobs should n't receive bonuses -- they should be disciplined or fired , " Rep. Jeff Miller , a Florida Republican and chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs .	Executives wo n't get performance bonuses because of claims backlog Funds will go back into eliminating backlog , VA spokesman said Lawmakers have become increasingly critical of VA 's backlog
CNN  -- Kudos to the FBI and its partners for bringing needed attention to the neglected problem of juveniles engaged in prostitution . On Monday , they announced the results of Operation Cross Country , a coordinated multi-agency campaign in which 150 alleged pimps were arrested in a three-day sweep in 76 cities . But it 's a complex problem requiring a lot more than the arrest of pimps . To combat this scourge , the public , the media and policymakers must better understand it . The stereotype is that criminally sophisticated exploiters are luring young girls into their clutches , trafficking them across the country and holding them in captivity through brutal intimidation . Such cases are only part of the reality . There are many teens on the streets and on the Internet selling sexual services on their own without the involvement of any pimp -- 31 % of cases in a recent national law enforcement survey fell into this category . There are lots of boys in the trade , in addition to the girls , and most operate without pimps . Although this may not be typical of many cities , one recent massive effort to inventory the problem in New York City found nearly as many boys and girls . Even for the girls with pimps , abduction and intimidation are not always the story . Teens who are prostituted may be attracted and bound to the life for the money , the perceived glamor , out of love for their pimp or allegiance to other girls or for a sense of family and security . They do not necessarily feel "  rescued " when the law descends , and they often have nowhere else to be . Some go back as soon as they can . We do need more law enforcement pressure on the pimps , on the sex sites and on the casinos , truck stops and motels where this crime occurs , and on the consumers who buy sex from underage youth . But other things are needed as well , programs that are not as compelling and easily funded as dramatic police raids . We need ways of helping gay and transgender youth who are cast out of their families and communities and youth dealing with sexual abuse and other sexual trauma that so often pave the way into commercial sex . It means more mental health and social workers equipped and funded to work with this population . We need better ways of identifying and treating youth with drug addictions , so they do n't start selling sex to feed their habit . We need vocational opportunities for marginal youth , so they do n't see the sex trade as their only avenue to economic survival . These would be similar to the job skills training programs used with other children mired in the juvenile justice system . We need more shelters for teens who have run away or have been driven out of their homes due to abuse or intolerable family conflict , so they are not hanging out in the places where exploitation begins . Such shelters could look like the transitional independent living facilities in cities such as New York . We need more effective child abuse and neglect intervention programs and therapeutic foster homes since the child welfare system is the staging area for entry into prostitution for so many of the youth . The availability of therapeutic foster homes and highly trained parents , surrounded by intensive services , are proven methods to deal with the high rate of failure among abused teens who are placed in families . We need support groups and rehabilitation programs for those trying to keep themselves from gravitating back to the life . Unfortunately , these are not always easy youth to help . They are often angry , suspicious , traumatized , addicted , impatient , crime-involved , prematurely sexualized young people who do not endear themselves to police and would-be helpers . They may visit a counselor , try to go back home , sign up for help but too often they return to the trade or become entangled in crime . Arrests make great publicity . But it is only through a multidisciplinary comprehensive mobilization of dedicated child welfare , social service , mental health , drug rehabilitation , educational systems -- working together with law enforcement -- that we will find a solution to young people being sold or selling sex for money and survival . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Finkelhor .	David Finkelhor : FBI , partners arrest 150 alleged pimps in child prostitution sweep He says problem more complex than arrest of pimps -- many child prostitutes are free agents He says policies , policing must address root of problem : neglect , sexual abuse at home Finkelhor : Programs that provide rehab programs , support can help prevent youths reverting
CNN  -- A motorized parachute crashed into a crowd at a Labor Day festival in Hooper , Utah , injuring at least six people , including children , authorities said . Spectators scatter as a motorized parachute plummets Monday in Hooper , Utah . The parachute was operated by a man and his son who were on the aircraft , but neither was injured when it dropped to the ground amid spectators . Scores of people had gathered Monday for what was to have been a candy drop from the motorized parachute , according to Lt. Lonnie Eskelson of the Weber County , Utah , Sheriff 's Department . Video from the incident showed the small craft in the air , approaching the crowd , when it quickly lost altitude and came down as spectators ran for safety . Spectator Damon Martin said the crowd was waiting for the scheduled candy drop when the wind picked up . Watch vehicle slam into crowd " The motorized parachute "  gets just over the field , they start dropping the candy and all of a sudden he starts to descend real quick . He guns it to get it back up and goes straight down into the crowd , " said Martin , who shot video of the incident . The crowd parted "  like the Red Sea , but they just could n't move fast enough , " he said . Six people were taken to area hospitals , including two sisters , 4 and 5 years old , authorities said . The 5-year-old was being treated Monday night at Primary Children 's Medical Center in Salt Lake City , Utah , for a leg fracture , Eskelson said , while her sister was treated and released . A 3-year-old also was being treated at the center Monday night . The other injured spectators were treated and released , Eskelson said . CNN 's Amanda O'Donnell contributed to this report .	Crowd gathers at Labor Day festival in Hooper , Utah , awaiting candy drop Man and his son operating motorized parachute lose control of aircraft They descend rapidly toward crowd , which parts "  like the Red Sea " Operators of parachute not hurt ; 6 on ground , including children , are injured
CNN  -- Somalia 's transitional government has the right to request military help from its neighbors against armed militants , the African Union said Monday , but Kenya was quick to reject the idea of sending troops and suggested the AU should spearhead such a move . Islamist insurgents patrol part of Mogadishu during clashes with government forces . Somali parliament speaker Sheikh Adan Madowe on Saturday called on Djibouti , Ethiopia , Kenya and Yemen to send in their military forces to help government troops stop hardline Islamist militants from taking over . "  Militants are wrestling the power from the government and so we call for military help from neighboring countries , " the speaker said at a news conference in Mogadishu . "  Please send your military to help in 24 hours ' time . " But Alfred Mutua , spokesman for the Kenyan government , told CNN that "  Kenya does n't engage in military support to our neighbors . " He said that any such support would be under the umbrella of the African Union . However , he did say that "  different types of support can be given , not just military , and Kenya 's options are open . " He said that the government should announce by Wednesday how it will move forward . Jean Ping , chairman of the African Union Commission , said in a communique issued Sunday that the transitional government , as Somalia 's legitimate government , "  has the right to seek support from AU Member States and the larger international community . " Ping also said that the AU would "  continue to do its utmost to assist the Somali people and its authorities in their lasting quest for peace and reconciliation . " Somalia 's call for help came hours after a third top politician was killed in ongoing fighting in the capital . Mohamed Hussein Adow , a powerful member of parliament who was leading the fight against the Islamists , was slain Friday in the north of the city . His death came two days after Islamists killed Internal Security Minister Omar Hashi Adan in a suicide attack in central Somalia . The nation 's former ambassador to Ethiopia , Abdikarin Farah Laqanyo , was also killed , along with at least 11 others , government officials said . Madowe said a Pakistani militant who is a high-ranking official in al Qaeda is leading the fighting in Somalia against the government . He warned that militants will spread fighting into the rest of the region if they topple the government in Somalia . Mohammed Amiin Adow contributed to this report for CNN	Somali parliament speaker asks Djibouti , Ethiopia , Kenya , Yemen to send troops Country is battling hardline Islamist militants Kenya says African Union must lead such an effort AU says it will help Somalia
Manila , Philippines  CNN  -- Philippine police have identified the U.S. Marine suspected of killing a transgender woman in a hotel . Private First Class Scott Pemberton will soon be formally charged with murder , Philippine National Police Senior Superintendent Wilben Mayor said Tuesday . The Marine was being held on a warship after the death of the transgender woman in an Olangapo hotel room . Police identified the deceased as 26-year-old Jeffrey Laude , also known as Jennifer . Her naked body , which showed signs of strangulation , was found with her head in the toilet shortly after midnight Sunday , according to a police report of the incident . A witness at the hotel reported seeing Laude with an "  unidentified white male foreigner " with a "  marine style hair cut " entering the room together . Another witness told police the two had been seen together at a nearby disco club . Because no charges have yet been filed , U.S. officials have not identified the Marine , who is assigned to 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines out of Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . "  The Marine Corps is working closely and cooperating fully with the Philippine National Police to ensure a thorough investigation is completed and due process of law is followed , " Col. Brad Bartelt , spokesman with the U.S. Marine Corps Forces , Pacific , said in a statement . Three other Marines from the same unit have been identified as potential witnesses , the Marine Corps Times newspaper reported , citing an internal Navy memo on the incident . They are being held . Brisbane transgender murder-suicide shocks residents CNN 's Dana Ford and Luisa Calad contributed to this report .	Philippine police : Private First Class Scott Pemberton will be charged with murder He is suspected in the death of 26-year-old Jeffrey Laude , also known as Jennifer Police report : Laude 's body showed signs of strangulation Her body was found with her head in a toilet
CNN  -- Goran Stevanovic has been named as Ghana 's new national coach in his first major appointment , replacing fellow Serbian Milovan Rajevac . Rajevac quit in September when his two-year contract finished , having taken the African team to the quarterfinals of the World Cup for the first time in South Africa last year . The 44-year-old Stevanovic , previously head coach of Partizan Belgrade in his native country and assistant with Serbia and Montenegro from 2003-06 , will be unveiled at a press conference on Wednesday . "  The Ghana Football Association have appointed a new coach for the Black Stars . He is Goran Stevanovic , " the GFA said in a statement . "  We have successfully negotiated with the coach and he will replace his compatriot , Milovan Rajevac . " Stevanovic , who guided Partizan to the Serbian league title last season before resigning in April , headed off the likes of former France World Cup winner Marcel Desailly and ex-Portugal boss Humberto Coelho after being named on a five-man shortlist . He is Ghana 's third Serbian coach since 2004 following the reigns of 56-year-old Rajevac and Ratomir Dujkovic , which were separated by a stint with Frenchman Claude Le Roy in charge .	Goran Stevanovic becomes third Serbian in seven years to take charge of Ghana The 44-year-old replaces compatriot Milovan Rajevac as coach of the Black Stars Rajevac decided not to extend his contract following successful World Cup Stevanovic takes first top international job after winning Serbian league title
Frankfurt , Germany  CNN  -- Lufthansa said late Monday that the airline is keeping its strike schedule in place for Tuesday , despite the fact pilots had already suspended the strike . "  It will obviously take a few days until we are back to normal , " spokeswoman Claudia Lange said . The airline is planning to fly about 1,000 of its normal complement of 1,800 flights , "  plus , where we can , single , additional flights , " she said . The announcement came shortly after both sides in a pilots strike against German-based Lufthansa , one of of the world 's largest airlines , agreed to suspend the standoff beginning at midnight  6 p.m. ET  Monday . The suspension will expire March 8 , barring an agreement before then , both sides said in a Frankfurt labor court . "  The judge was very clear , " Lufthansa spokesman Klaus Walther said . "  He recommended the union to stop the strike action and to return to the negotiation table . " Walther predicted the two sides would reach a final agreement "  pretty fast . " The pilots ' union previously had said resuming a normal schedule would take time , because the union had to inform striking pilots of the agreement before they could return to work . In addition , passengers whose flights have been canceled will have to be rebooked . Hundreds of flights were canceled Monday . The walkout by more than 4,000 members of Vereinigung Cockpit , the pilots ' union , began at midnight Sunday after a last-ditch effort at negotiations over pay and job security failed , the company said . The strike threatened to disrupt travel on more than two dozen partner airlines , including United , US Airways and Continental . In 2008 , Lufthansa was the No. 2 international carrier , with 42.2 million passengers , according to the International Air Transport Association . The industrial action was the largest in German aviation history , Lufthansa said , and it signaled growing labor unrest across Europe . Hours after it started , the union representing most of British Airways cabin staff voted to strike , but did not set a date . On Wednesday in Greece , a mass public and private sector strike is planned to protest the government 's austerity plan . British Airways cabin crews vote to strike In addition , French civil aircraft staff , including air traffic controllers , said Monday they plan to strike Tuesday through Saturday . Four unions called for the strike , denouncing a government project to merge air traffic control operations with those of five other European countries -- Germany , Belgium , Netherlands , Luxembourg and Switzerland , according to Eric Heraud , spokesman for France 's civil aviation authority , DGAC , or Direction Generale de l'Aviation Civile . The unions are afraid of dismantling DGAC , Heraud said . Under the new proposal , "  nothing will change geographically , " he said . "  The control towers will stay where they are . " Only the "  map of the sky " will change , or the sphere of the controllers ' concern , Heraud said . Half of Tuesday 's flights at Paris , France 's , Orly airport were to be canceled because of the action , he said . Twenty-five percent of the flights at Charles de Gaulle Airport were to be canceled . The labor unrest comes as the airline industry is digging out of the worst one-year drop-off in business , according to International Air Transport Association . "  It is the kind of death throes , I guess , of the very strong legacy airline unions , " said Simon Calder , a travel expert . "  Now , all the old airlines like BA , like Lufthansa , are struggling " to cut costs , he said . In 2009 , air carrier revenues dropped nearly 15 percent worldwide after a record $ 535 billion the previous year . Passenger travel fell a record 3.5 percent and freight fell more than 10 percent , according to International Air Transport Association figures . Many of Lufthansa 's pilots have been working without a contract since March and more than 90 percent of the union 's members had voted to strike , a union representative said . The union , which is seeking a 6.4 percent pay increase , is also concerned with the airline 's recent buying spree of small regional carriers , such as BMI and Austrian Airlines , a practice that it said cannibalizes flights from union-flown routes . Lufthansa is one of the largest carriers on the Star Alliance , a network of 26 airlines that share ticketing and routes for international travel . Other Star Alliance member airlines are : Adria , Air Canada , Air China , Air New Zealand , ANA , Asiana Airlines , Austrian , Blue 1 , BMI , Brussels Airlines , Continental Airlines , Croatia Airlines , Egypt Air , Lot Polish Airlines , Scandinavian Airlines , Shanghai Airlines , Singapore Airlines , South African Airways , Spanair , Swiss , Tap Portugal , Thai Airlines , Turkish Airlines , United Airlines and US Airways . Send your views and experiences to CNN iReport CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen , Erin McLaughlin , Stefan Simons , Kevin Voigt , Alix Bayle and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : About 1,000 of Lufthansa 's usual 1,800 flights to fly Tuesday NEW : Union , airline : Getting back to normal will take time Both sides in pilots strike against Lufthansa agree to suspend standoff Union : Strike focuses on pay , conditions . Company : Union interfering in management
Despite the recent uptick in gas prices , the last major travel holiday of the summer is expected to be busier . According to AAA 's survey of Labor Day travel released Tuesday , 33 million Americans will travel at least 50 miles for the upcoming long weekend , an increase of 2.9 % from 2011 . Travelers are also expected to spend more on their trips . The median cost of $ 749 this year is slightly higher than last year 's average of $ 702 . The automotive and travel services group says the vast majority of those travelers , 28.2 million of them , will hit the roadways for their trip . The nationwide average cost of a gallon of regular gasoline is 14 cents higher than it was when AAA did its Labor Day forecasting last August , but below the year 's peak of $ 3.94 in April . The survey found nationwide gas prices are not expected to have a major negative impact on travelers ' plans , and two-third of those surveyed said their current financial outlook would not impact their Labor Day plans either . Those looking to save money on their travel said they will skip hotels and stay with family or friends , take a shorter trip , use a more economical mode of transportation or spend less on shopping or sightseeing . Air travel for the holiday is expected to rise 3.7 % , thanks to a 4 % dip in airfares from last year . 2.55 million passengers will fly to their Labor Day destination , while 2.3 million will use other modes of transportation like buses , rail and cruise ships . The average trip will stretch 626 miles , though 54 % of those surveyed said their Labor Day excursion will fall between 100 and 400 miles roundtrip . AAA projections saw a 1.2 % year-over-year uptick for Memorial Day travel this year , and a 4.9 % increase for the Independence Day holiday . The Labor Day survey looks at the travel period between Thursday , August 30 , and Monday , September 3 .	Travelers are also expected to spend more on their trips , AAA says Survey : Gas prices are not expected to have a major impact on travel plans Air travel for the holiday is expected to rise 3.7 %
CNN  -- Sarah Murnaghan , the 10-year-old girl whose quest for a lung transplant prompted a change in national policy , is up and walking . "  Sarah walked 10 feet with her walker for the first time , actually made it out of the room !!!!! " her mother , Janet Murnaghan , posted Tuesday on Facebook . The girl was helped by a physical therapist . The family 's hope is that Sarah will soon be able to walk on her own -- something Janet Murnaghan has said she sees as the last major obstacle to leaving a Philadelphia hospital . "  The physical  component  is what 's holding us back , more than her lungs , more than anything else . Her lungs look fantastic on the X-rays right now , " Sarah 's mom told CNN last week . Sarah , who turns 11 on Wednesday , was born with cystic fibrosis . She was on the transplant list for children 's lungs for 18 months . Sarah was n't able to qualify for adult lungs because she was too young ; the agency that oversees transplants , the Organ Procurement and Transplant Network , had a policy that children only 12 or older could be prioritized for adult organs . The family petitioned Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to change the rules so Sarah could qualify for adult lungs . They argued the rule was unfair , and several lawmakers asked Sebelius to act . The organ network approved a change to their policy to allow lung transplant programs to request additional priority for younger transplant candidates . The change is effective for a year , when it must be approved by the board of directors . Sarah underwent two lung transplants days apart . The original transplant on June 12 at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia reportedly went smoothly but that evening " ... an emergency code blue was announced . Sarah 's vital signs had begun descending rapidly as her new lungs started to fail , " her family said in a statement . The girl underwent surgery immediately and was transitioned to a bypass machine that took over the function of her heart and lungs , the statement continued . She remained on the bypass machine -- "  her doctors prepared us for the probability that Sarah would die , either before a second surgery could take place or on the operating table , " her family said -- until June 15 , when new lungs became available and a second transplant took place . Although the donated lungs were infected with pneumonia , "  Each day since  the second transplant  , her lungs have improved on X-ray and have continued to work better and better , " the statement said . Read more : Mother who lost one son fights for other to get new lungs CNN 's Chris Welch and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	Sarah Murnaghan , 10 , walks with the assistance of a therapist , walker She received new lungs in June Her quest for a transplant prompted a change in national policy
In suspense , a nation listened to the Ukrainian President 's inaugural speech Saturday , hoping for answers to the question : Will there be peace ? "  I do n't want war . I do n't want revenge , " Petro Poroshenko said after taking the oath of office . But then his talk turned tough . He promised to meet anyone challenging Ukraine 's territorial integrity with military might . Alluding to a Biblical verse he said , "  Who comes with the sword will fall from the sword . " The statement was met with enthusiastic applause . The country will build the means to do so , Poroshenko said , and re-arming the Ukrainian army must be a priority . "  No one will protect us , if we do not learn to protect ourselves . " He called for separatists in Ukraine 's east who have taken up arms against the government to lay them down and offered amnesty to those who "  do not have blood on their hands . " Poroshenko also called for corridors to open to allow fighters who have joined pro-Russia separatist forces from outside the country to leave Ukraine . In Russia , President Vladimir Putin ordered border guards to stop the illegal crossings of people from Ukraine by beefing up security , the state-run ITAR-Tass news agency reported . Meanwhile , in Donetsk on Saturday , an assistant to Denis Pushilin , the head of the self-proclaimed Donetsk Republic , was killed in an attack in broad daylight , a CNN crew at the scene said . Attackers shot at the car that Maksim Petruhin was in , and when he exited the vehicle , he was shot and killed . It was the most brazen attack in Donetsk since the unrest began . Heading West Poroshenko , one of the world 's richest men and an experienced politician , took the oath of office in the country 's parliament Saturday . He was presented with the symbols of high office -- a presidential badge , a seal and a mace -- before taking to the podium for his inaugural address . His opening remarks left little doubt over the tenor of his speech , as he praised the activists of the Maidan , whose rebellion in the center of Kiev led to the ouster of his predecessor in office , Viktor Yanukovych . The pro-Russia former President sparked rage from Ukrainians who wanted the country to join the European Union when he nixed an agreement with the EU in favor of closer ties to Moscow . Ensuing street battles resulted in the deaths of dozens . Poroshenko condemned the former pro-Russia government as a "  dictatorship . " "  The people stood up , " he said , declaring his country 's new direction toward the West . Before at least four European Presidents and U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , the man who became a billionaire as a chocolate maker vowed to quickly continue Ukraine 's move toward the EU , calling Ukraine 's path to Europe "  irreversible . " Ukraine 's natural place is with Europe , he said , adding that he 's prepared to sign an economic partnership agreement with the European Union as soon as its officials approve it . The agreement is just one step toward Ukraine becoming a member of the European Union . Poroshenko received a standing ovation for the remark . Ukrainians have reason to look forward to a brighter future , he said . "  We are being supported by the whole world . " Armed conflict But the new President inherits a country with a burgeoning armed conflict in its east . Violence there is taking lives daily , and government troops and rebel fighters are beefing up their might . The names of the cities Donetsk and Luhansk have transformed into monikers for flashpoints of tension between Russia and the West as the government in Kiev breaks its ties with Moscow to embrace Europe and the United States . But ethnic Russian separatists in the east and south yearn to stay with Moscow . The Kremlin , holding fast to centuries-old ties , is said to be helping them dig in their heels after annexing the region of Crimea , which before 1954 was part of Russia . Poroshenko addressed the move directly . The territorial integrity of Ukraine is not up for discussion , he said , and he has taken an oath to uphold it . "  I will stand by this oath no matter what , " he said . He promised to visit Luhansk and Donetsk and maintain respect for the Russian language , commonly spoken in Ukraine 's east and south . The government will be decentralized , giving those regions more say in their own affairs , he said . "  New powers will be allocated to regional powers , " Poroshenko said . But there will be no federalization , as many separatists have demanded . Some analysts believe such a move would help cement Russia 's influence in their regions . Ukraine will be one unified country , the President said . Meeting Putin Security prospects have seemed elusive , but on Friday , a ray of hope pierced the ominous clouds between Moscow and Kiev during D-Day celebrations in France , where Putin came together with Western leaders to honor common sacrifices made to defeat fascism in World War II . Putin came face-to-face with Poroshenko . Afterward , Poroshenko announced that negotiations between the two sides would begin Sunday , his second day in office . But in his address on Saturday , he spoke of the meeting with Putin in more assertive language . "  Yesterday I made a firm statement about it to the Russian leadership in Normandy , " he said . "  Crimea was , is and will be Ukrainian soil . " Poroshenko sets out Ukraine 's European destiny , warns adversaries ` It 's hell down there ' : Inside the battle for eastern Ukraine Separatists , government troops continue faceoff in eastern Ukraine	Assistant to separatist leader killed in broad daylight "  I do n't want war . I do n't want revenge , " Ukraine 's new President says "  Those who enter with the sword will be met with the sword , " he says Ukraine 's natural place in the world is with Europe , the President says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Inter-American Court of Human Rights has been asked to investigate whether Panama tortured an Ecuadorian citizen who was being held as an illegal immigrant , an official hemispheric human rights organization said . Jesus Tranquilino Velez Loor was arrested November 11 , 2002 , and deported to Ecuador on September 10 , 2003 . During that time , he was held without receiving procedural guarantees , the right to be heard and the right to present a defense , said the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights . "  The case also involves the lack of investigation of complaints of torture presented by Mr. Velez Loor before the Panamanian authorities , as well as the inhumane conditions of detention under which he was held in several Panamanian penitentiaries , " the human rights commission said in a release Tuesday . The human rights panel , which is part of the 35-nation Organization of American States , said it referred the case to the court last week because Panama did not adopt sufficient measures to address issues raised in a previous commission report . Velez Loor "  was sentenced to a prison term for having repeatedly entered Panama illegally . ... Panamanian law provides that foreign nationals , who repeatedly enter Panama , without the necessary papers , will be imprisoned for two years and then deported , " Panama said in a 2006 report . Velez Loor admitted he had gone into Panama without proper papers or visas . The commission said it received an e-mailed complaint from Velez Loor on February 10 , 2004 , "  in which he claims to have undergone torture , forced isolation , and mistreatment at the hands of Panamanian police officers at two Panamanian detention centers without being given the opportunity to defend himself , without the benefit of any court of law , without being allowed to make a telephone call and while being deprived of all medical care . " Panama denied those allegations in the 2006 human rights commission report . Officials at the Panamanian embassy in Washington did not return a telephone request Tuesday from CNN for comment on the latest development . The human rights commission consists of seven members who act in a personal capacity , without representing any country , and who are elected by the OAS General Assembly .	Commission says it received complaint from Velez Loor in 2004 of alleged torture Velez Loor sentenced to prison term for illegal entry into Panama , Panama says Officials at Panamanian embassy in Washington did not return request for comment
An expanding digital marketplace , financial stability and strong economic growth ; Estonia is setting the pace for other European nations , according to the Baltic nation 's leader . Speaking with CNN 's Isa Soares , Estonian President Toomas Hendrik Ilves said that the country developed a reputation for its digital economy "  from a level playing field " with other nations after it gained independence in 1993 . "  We did , in the 1990s , look around us and see a lot of things that we needed to do in the world , " he said . "  We were behind in many areas . When it came to IT ... we were starting more or less at the same base as everyone else . We started with a tabula rasa , a clean slate . " Read more : General Electric exec to Europe : Open your borders , create jobs Having emerged from the wreckage of the Soviet Union and decades under communist rule , Estonia 's economy now generates 1 % of its GDP -LSB- Gross Domestic Product -RSB- from IT solutions , according to Ilves . He added : "  Our e-governance solution , banking , private sector ... are more secure and quicker . " With the lowest government debt in Europe , Estonia 's economy is also a beacon for financial prudence at a time when many European nations are struggling to cope with high government debt and low growth . Read more : Spain 's booming Rioja economy Asked why Estonia is the poster child for economic stability , Ilves joked : "  Well , for one , we followed the rules . " He added : "  It is quite clear that if the eurozone is to be viable , that the kinds of behavior that we have seen , either fiscal irresponsibility , or in some cases even lying about deficits , well that is completely unacceptable . " A fully-fledged member of the European Union since 2004 and the latest country to officially adopt the euro currency in 2011 , Estonia 's dark days 19 % high unemployment and grave recession appear to be at an end . Read more : How saffron could save Greek farmers Allan Sikk , an expert in Eastern Europe at the University College of London , said that Estonia 's meteoric rise and assimilation into the West is partly due to the country emerging from the Soviet Union with a stronger economy than most of its counterparts . "  It was also close to some very rich countries like Finland and Sweden that provided export markets and investments . " Today , the Baltic nation is joining its affluent Nordic partners in financing the struggling countries of southern Europe . A state of affairs that according to Ilves , is politically "  tough " to justify when a "  relatively poor country " like Estonia is bailing out richer nations that "  have not been following the rules . " Read more : Driverless cars : From Hollywood to real world Estonia 's economy is projected to grow by 1.8 % this year and 3 % in 2014 , outshining European heavyweights Germany and France . While Estonia 's prospects look rosy , the 17-nation eurozone remains under the yoke of a prolonged debt crisis with a contraction of 0.4 % forecast for 2013 . But Ilves is hopeful that Europe 's single currency area has emerged from the "  worst phase . " "  It will be a slow recovery , we wo n't be back to the go-go years of booming economies yet , " he added , "  but if you look at our country and other countries that started the reforms early , they 're doing better -LSB- and -RSB- growth is faster ... so that 's the proof . "	Estonia is projected to grow by 1.8 % this year and 3 % in 2014 , outshining most of Europe including Germany and France . The Baltic state -- which gained independence in 1993 -- has the lowest government debt in Europe . Estonia joined the European Union in 2004 and the eurozone -- Europe 's single currency -- in 2011 .
CNN  -- Jason Priestley played Brandon Walsh on "  Beverly Hills 90210 " from 1990 to 1998 . Having long since hung up his Peach Pit uniform and Beverly Hills Beach Club cabana boy polo shirt , his character became a journalist and departed to take a job at the Washington Bureau of the New York Chronicle , and Priestley left the show four episodes into the series ' ninth season . "  I felt that the character of Brandon had kind of run his course . I had explored everything I wanted to explore with him , " Priestley told CNN while promoting his new book , "  Jason Priestley : A Memoir "  HarperOne  at the New York Bureau of CNN . "  In retrospect , I do regret leaving . Understanding what I do now about story and character , I believe that -LSB- Aaron Spelling -RSB- was pushing the story in a direction that would have had Brandon and Kelly end up together at the end of the show and I think I probably should have stuck around to its fruition . " Fans of "  90210 " surely remember Kelly Taylor 's  Jennie Garth  "  I choose me " speech following Brandon and Dylan McKay 's  Luke Perry  showdown for her affections . Brandon wanted Kelly to marry him . Dylan wanted to take her on a trip around the world . But Priestley believes Executive Producer Aaron Spelling had always envisioned Brandon and Kelly riding off into the sunset . "  I think my departure also hurt Aaron 's feelings , " continued Priestley . "  Aaron and I had worked very closely together for a number of years . He gave me a lot of opportunities , and I feel like my departure hurt his feelings and I never meant to do that . " Among the opportunities Spelling afforded the Vancouver-born Priestley was the opportunity to direct several "  90210 " episodes -- 15 in total . In fact , Priestley directed two of the series ' most iconic : The one where Dylan 's wife , Toni Marchette  Rebecca Gayheart  was killed in a mob hit mix-up in which Dylan was the target ; and the episode where Donna Martin  Tori Spelling  lost her virginity . "  Everyone remembers the candles , " Priestly , 44 , said of the episode in which Donna had sex for the first time . "  But I could only have , like , six candles because they did n't want to pay for a fire marshal , which would have cost $ 350 . " Yep . $ 350 . So six candles it was . "  So I had that one candelabra , " recalled Priestley , "  and I kept moving it around for every shot and through the magic of Hollywood it looked like a lot of candles ! " As the director , as well as Spelling 's friend , Priestley was under the added stress of directing a scene in which the TV legend 's daughter loses her virginity -- albeit her alter ego . "  I was in a difficult spot , " he said . "  I wanted to be respectful , but it had to be sexy . I was kind of walking on eggshells that day . " Priestley also contributed to the dialogue of the show . True "  90210 " devotees should recall that Brandon had quite a few catchphrases , and Priestley was kind enough to reflect on such Brandon Walsh-isms as : "  Stop the bombing ! " "  Seldom right and wrong again . " "  Right church , wrong pew . " "  Dim sum and den some . " "  It 's funny that you bring all those sayings up , " said Priestley . "  Part of the fun of working on ` Beverly Hills , 90210 , ' for me , was that I got a lot of freedom from our executive producer , Chuck Rosen , to add things , change things . I got a lot of freedom to be creative . My theater training was all improv , that 's sort of the world I came from , so the Brandon Walsh-isms you speak of , a lot of them came from me ! I 've been saying , ` Stop the bombing ! ' for a long time . " Another reason Priestley regrets leaving "  90210 " is because the series needed Brandon 's Eagle Scout ways to offset the onscreen chaos . "  I think there was no more moral center to the show , " Priestley said of Brandon 's departure . "  There was no more lynchpin . There were no more Walshes in the Walsh House . It kind of did n't make sense anymore . So , I regret leaving the show for all those reasons . " Though it premiered nearly a quarter-century ago , "  90210 " continues to resonate with audiences . "  It 's certainly not the fashions , " said Priestley . "  I think there were a lot of universal life lessons and truths in that show , and I think that 's maybe why it 's stood the test of time . " The book goes into all manner of "  90210 " tell-all , such as Shannen Doherty 's shenanigans and what led to her firing . Brenda 's bon voyage had nothing do do with Doherty 's hard-partying ways and nightclub fights . Spelling actually thought that any publicity was good publicity . Rather , it was her chronic tardiness that held up production , costing Fox a ton of money . Spelling gave Doherty many chances , but in the end , it was a business decision . Priestley also writes about who he keeps in touch with  pretty much everybody , but he and Luke Perry are particularly close  , his five-year romance with actress Christine Elise  who played the unstable but later redeemed , esteemed Cousteau Institute scholar Emily Valentine  , and his not so warm and fuzzy feelings about Tori Spelling 's husband , fellow Canadian Dean McDermott . Priestley is at peace with being forever associated with Brandon Walsh . "  I 'm OK with it , " he told CNN . "  It 's baggage I carry with me . But I find as my career goes on , and I have more and more successes in other arenas and with other characters , I find that Brandon becomes less and less part of my life . I find that a lot of people associate me with ` Call Me Fitz ' these days . " "  Call Me Fitz " is an award-winning HBO Canada half-hour comedy -- available to Americans on DirecTV -- in which Priestley plays an immoral , Sinatra-idolizing used car salesman . "  Jason Priestley : A Memoir " also recalls the prefame days of having Brad Pitt for a roommate , Priestley 's later battles with alcohol  he once spent five days in jail on a DUI  , and the 2002 race car crash that nearly cost him his life . Additionally on the professional horizon , Priestley 's feature directorial debut , "  Cas & Dylan , " a road trip comedy starring Richard Dreyfuss , will hit theaters later this year . Priestley is married to makeup artist Naomi Lowde . The couple has a young daughter and a young son . "  My kids are my greatest achievement , " Priestley told CNN . "  I love being a husband and a father . That aspect of my life has been a joy . "	Jason Priestley told CNN he let Aaron Spelling down when he left "  Beverly Hills , 90210 " He also regrets his departure because "  there were no more Walshes in the Walsh House " He directed the candle-lit episode where Donna loses her virginity His new book also talks rooming with Brad Pitt , a near-fatal car crash and fatherhood
CNN  -- The hottest field in science this past decade has been neuroscience . That explosion in research , and our understanding of the human brain , was largely fueled by a new technology called functional magnetic resonance imaging  fMRI  that became widely available in the 1990s . Well look out ! Another technology-based neuroscience revolution is in the making , this one perhaps even bigger . The term to watch for in 2013 is "  optogenetics . " It 's not a sexy term , but it is a very sexy technology . The heritage of optogenetics goes way back to 1979 , when Nobel Laureate Francis Crick , co-discoverer of the structure of DNA with James Watson and Rosalind Franklin , suggested that neuroscientists should seek to learn how to take control of specific cells in the brain . Well , that certainly would seem to be an advance with great potential . Imagine being able to turn the neurons in an animal 's brain on and off from the outside . Sounds like you 'd be turning the creature into a robot , sounds like science fiction . Right ? Well , flash forward thirty-some years , and guess what , optogenetics is a reality ! Here 's how it works ... roughly . An obvious approach would be to stick a tiny electrode into an animal 's brain and stimulate the cells using electricity . Today we have tiny microelectrodes , but they are still too crude for the job . Crick speculated that light could be the tool to use . That turned out to be true : Optogenetics involves inserting fiber-optics tools into an animal 's brain , in order to control the target neurons using pulses of light as a trigger . Learning to shine light on a neuron is not the whole answer , though . In order for the method to work , the neurons have to be re-engineered so that they react to the light . That was made possible by the amazing discovery of a kind of protein that can be used to turn neurons on and off in response to light . The exotic light-sensitive protein is not present in normal neurons , so scientists designed a way to insert it . That is accomplished through a type of gene engineering called "  transfection " that employs "  vectors " such as viruses to infect the target neuron , and , once there , to insert genetic material that will cause the neuron to manufacture the light-sensitive protein . Put it all together , and you have that sci-fi-sounding technology : genetically-engineered neurons that you can turn on and off at will , inside the brain of a living and freely-moving animal . It is the combined use of optics and genetics that give optogenetics its name , but it 's not the "  how " that makes optogenetics exciting , it is the "  what . " Scientists did n't really develop it to "  take over " a creature 's brain . They developed it , like fMRI , to learn about the brain , and how the brain works , in this case by studying the effect of stimulating specific types of neurons . The technology is already beginning to pay off , and despite its recent invention , the word on the street is that a Nobel Prize is n't far off . In one application of optogenetics , scientists investigated how neurons that make dopamine , a neurotransmitter in the brain , may give rise to feelings of reward and pleasure . That work may help scientists understand the pleasure-related pathologies involved in clinical depression . In another application , scientists selectively stimulated brain cells in animal models of Parkinson 's disease , a disease that involves the disruption of information-processing in the brain . That research gave new insight into the circuitry involved in the disease , and the way that the therapies we currently prescribe for it operate . It has also suggested new directions for therapeutic intervention . Schizophrenia is another disorder that involves information processing issues in the brain . The illusion of hearing voices , for example , may arise from the failure of an internal mechanism for notifying a person when his or her thoughts are "  self-generated . " Optogenetics has been employed to better understand a kind of brain activity called "  gamma oscillations " that appear abnormal in schizophrenia -- and also in autism . Today , we are a long way from the era when a single person working with an assistant or two can make a revolutionary technological breakthrough . It took , instead , decades of work in many fields , which came together , only very recently , to bring Crick 's vision to fruition . But now that it 's here , optogenetics is destined to change the way we treat mental illness , and eventually , even , the way we understand ourselves as human beings . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leonard Mlodinow .	Leonard Mlodinow : In 2013 , "  optogenetics " is the technology to watch out for Mlodinow : Imagine being able to turn neurons in a brain on and off from the outside He says optogenetics can be used to gain insights on diseases , mental illnesses Mlodinow : It will change the way we understand ourselves as human beings
CNN  -- World No. 1 Rafael Nadal recovered from a second-set whitewash to reach the quarterfinals of the Qatar Open , while his arch-rival Roger Federer also battled into the last eight on Wednesday . Nadal , who lost in the final of the season-opening event last year , needed a tie-break in the opening set against 89th-ranked Slovakian Lukas Lacko and won just 11 points in the second before sealing a 7-6  7-3  0-6 6-3 victory . It was only the 10th time in 575 career matches that the Spaniard suffered a "  bagel " but he fought back to win in two hours and 19 minutes . The 24-year-old , who has been struggling with illness since beating Federer in an exhibition event in Abu Dhabi last weekend , will next face Latvian fifth seed Ernests Gulbis . Was Nadal 's U.S. Open win the sporting highlight of 2010 ? "  It was a very difficult match , but I resisted . I just made up my mind to do my best in the final set . I came back but it was very tiring for me , " Nadal told reporters . Second seed Federer also had an early-season workout ahead of 2011 's first grand slam in Australia later this month as he earlier beat fellow Swiss player Marco Chiudinelli 7-6  7-5  7-5 . Two-time Qatar champion Federer set up a clash with Serbian sixth seed Viktor Troicki as he came back from 5-4 in the tie-break and 3-1 in the second set to win in one hour and 49 minutes . "  It was really difficult today , under the circumstances , " Federer told the ATP Tour website . "  Playing such a good friend is so rare for me . I 'm happy the match is in the past and I can look forward . " Roddick through to Brisbane quarterfinals Third seed Jo Wilfried Tsonga continued his comeback from a knee injury as he also progressed into the quarterfinals with a 6-2 6-4 win over Ukrainian wildcard Sergei Bubka . The Frenchman will next play Spanish seventh seed Guillermo Garcia-Lopez , who beat the Ukraine 's Illya Marchenko 6-1 6-4 . Big-serving Croatian Ivo Karlovic won an epic match against German eighth seed Philipp Kohlschreiber , triumphing 7-6  7-5  6-7  2-7  7-6  7-4  to set up a quarterfinal with Russia 's defending champion Nikolay Davydenko . The fourth-seeded Russian won through with a 6-4 7-5 win over Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen in the day 's final match . In India , top seed Tomas Berdych reached the quarterfinals of the Chennai Open with a 6-2 6-4 win over Croatia 's world No. 88 Ivan Dodig on Wednesday . The 2010 Wimbledon runner-up will next face Slovenia 's Blaz Kavcic , ranked 112th . French fourth seed Richard Gasquet lost 1-6 7-6  7-5  7-6  7-4  to German Bjorn Phau , who will take on Belgian seventh seed Xavier Malisse .	Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer through to quarterfinals of Qatar Open No. 1 Nadal taken to three sets by unheralded Slovakian Lukas Lacko Federer also survives scare to beat his close friend Marco Chiudinelli Defending champion Nikolay Davydenko also seeking to reach the last eight
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nneka and Chimezie Ononaku unwittingly poisoned their own four-month-old son Chinonso . A television image of Chinonso Ononaku , who died after being given the medicine "  My Pikin . " Giving him what they thought was a baby teething medicine , they were in fact dosing him with anti-freeze . The bottle had been contaminated with a toxic chemical called diethylene glycol . More than 30 Nigerian children are thought to have died recently after taking the medicine . Nneka is angry . "  It 's not easy carrying a pregnancy for nine months , -LSB- and -RSB- after that getting a drug from a pharmacy to kill your own child , " she says . When Nigeria 's Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control  NAFDAC  tested the medicine , "  My Pikin , " the results were terrifying . It found the medicine contained almost 90ml of diethylene glycol per 100ml . "  It 's a bottle of poison , " the NAFDAC laboratory said . The "  My Pikin " factory 's managing director and eight others have been charged with negligence . The company could not be reached for comment . Nigeria is on the frontline in the global fight against counterfeit drugs . Undercover NAFDAC officers have taken to the streets in order to combat unregistered and often harmful drugs . Hawkers are charged with selling counterfeit drugs and forced to pay a fine . Watch more on the poisonings " NAFDAC claims most of the counterfeit drugs come from India and China . And it 's big business -- America 's Centre for Medicines in the Public Interest predicts counterfeit drug sales will reach $ 75 billion in 2010 . NAFDAC 's director-general Dora Akunyili warns counterfeiting is not just a Nigerian problem . "  These criminals are cooperating , so we too need to cooperate if we can face them . Not only in Nigeria but internationally , because drug counterfeiting involves a trans-national criminal network and can only be dismantled through international co-operation . "	More than 30 Nigerian children have died after being given poisoned medicine Nigeria is on the frontline in the global fight against counterfeit drugs Counterfeit drug sales predicted to reach $ 75 billion in 2010
Jerusalem  CNN  A newly released ISIS video shows a child shooting a man the group claims is an Israeli spy . The video identifies the man as 19-year-old Mohamed Said Ismail Musallam , an Israeli citizen of Palestinian descent . In the video , ISIS shows Musallam 's Israeli passport and claims he 's an agent sent to infiltrate the group . The 19-year-old 's family told CNN Tuesday that he had no ties with the Mossad , Israel 's spy agency , and had , in fact , been recruited by ISIS . "  Mohamed told me and his brother that ISIS took him , " according to Said Musallam , his father . "  They sent him money through the Western Union . They said you will have girls , money , cars , villas , paradise , but afterwords he discovered that there is nothing . " It was n't long before Musallam 's family members did n't recognize him when they talked to him on Skype . The man they knew as a kind and funny brother and son who was once a volunteer firefighter had grown a long beard and was carrying a rifle . His father tried to help him get home , sending him money and even enlisting the Red Cross . But his son never made it back to Israel . About a month ago , Said Musallam said , he was told his son was taken by ISIS when he was on his way back and trying to cross the border . A video posted Tuesday on ISIS-affiliated social media accounts shows a man who appears to be Musallam on his knees , wearing an orange jumpsuit . An adult ISIS fighter and a child -- both in fatigues -- stand behind him . The adult , speaking French , gives a command to the child to go forward with the killing . The child steps in front of the man and raises what appears to be a 9 mm semiautomatic handgun and shoots Musallam in the forehead . The man immediately falls forward to the ground . The child appears to then fire at least two more shots into the body . Ahmad Musallam said he 'd seen the video of his brother and was devastated by his death . "  I used to take care of him and babysit him when Mom went to work , " he said , crying . "  Mohamed is not a brother . He is a son . " But he refuses to show the video to his parents , who still ca n't believe their son is dead . An issue last month of ISIS ' English-language propaganda magazine , Dabiq , included a purported interview with Musallam and described his alleged work for the Israeli spy agency . In the ISIS video , Musallam seems to be reading what appears to be a prepared confession , saying he is an Israeli intelligence agent working for Mossad , sent to infiltrate ISIS . Musallam 's family members said they believe he was coerced in the video , forced to lie about ties to Israeli intelligence . "  Mohamed is not an agent . Mohamed does n't have a shekel . If he was an agent he would have lived a beautiful life , " his mother , Hind Musallam , said . "  We could have been living a different life and I would not be working cleaning houses so we can live . " This is n't the first time ISIS has used children to drive home its message . An ISIS propaganda video released in January -- one that CNN could not independently verify -- shows a boy with a pistol apparently shooting two men in the back of the head . The boy then stands over one of the bodies , fires two more times , and later raises his pistol high . Last August , a photo posted to Twitter from an ISIS stronghold showed a 7-year-old boy holding a man 's severed head and his father 's words , "  That 's my boy . " ISIS has featured children as fighters before , calling them the "  cubs of the caliphate "  the adult jihadis call each other "  lions "  and has encouraged foreign fighters to bring their families . It has taken over schools to indoctrinate children . Human Rights Watch says ISIS and other extremist groups "  have specifically recruited children through free schooling campaigns that include weapons training and have given them dangerous tasks , including suicide bombing missions . " CNN 's Stefan Simons , Cynde Strand , Ben Wedeman , Kevin Flower , Catherine E. Shoichet , Faith Karimi , Greg Botelho and Jessica King contributed to this report .	A video claims to show the killing of Mohamed Said Ismail Musallam Musallam 's family says ISIS recruited him ISIS claims the 19-year-old is an Israeli spy
CNN  -- On separate trips to Guatemala and Zambia in the late 1980s and in the early 2000s , we each saw the devastating effect of the water and sanitation crisis firsthand . We saw a world in which basic needs went drastically unmet -- where a lack of safe water and sanitation robbed men , women and children of health , hope and even life . In the time it takes us to fill a glass of water -- about 21 seconds -- a child in some part of the world has died because of water-related disease . Watch video : Gary White on the ubiquitous force The disturbing fact is that we 've known how to deliver safe water and basic sanitation to people for more than 100 years . So , why are people still dying today because of it ? Can you imagine if we had a cure for HIV/AIDS and millions of people continue to perish because of the inability to deliver treatment ? It would be outrageous . Yet , more than 3.4 million people die each year from water , sanitation and hygiene-related causes . Most of these illnesses and deaths can be prevented . For example , diarrhea remains the second-leading cause of death among children younger than 5 globally . Nearly one in five child deaths -- about 1.5 million each year -- is because of diarrhea . It kills more young children than AIDS , malaria and measles combined . Knowledge of that alarming reality drove us to action . In 2009 , we co-founded Water.org , an organization dedicated to ending this crisis in our lifetime . From the beginning , we focused on finding solutions that wo n't depend solely upon charity . We came up with WaterCredit , which applies the principles of microfinance to the water and sanitation sector . Through the program , individuals take affordable , small loans to finance the water and/or sanitation solution that works for them . According to our internal analysis , we 've empowered more than 1 million people to gain access to safe water or sanitation . Our research also shows that investment in WaterCredit reaches five to 10 times as many people as a traditional grant over a 10-year period . At the current rate , we believe we could end the global water and sanitation crisis for nearly 100 million people by 2020 . Safe water and toilets change everything . When you see the difference it makes in a community , it 's the difference between night and day . We met lively , excited children , and women moving with ease and natural , joyful energy . We spent time with a group of children at a school where they demonstrated hand-washing techniques and talked about the important things in life -- their classrooms , their teachers and friends . We know about Muddumare , who was living with many family members in in a village outside of a rapidly growing city in India . "  We have 16 people in the house . Five years ago , we constructed our home by taking out a loan but we did not build a toilet . Nobody had a toilet in the village , and no one thought about having one in the house , " said Muddumare . "  All of us used to go out in the open for defecation . But now as the population is increasing , there is no space for this . " Muddumare said his children are all becoming more educated and doing more "  modern " work . He questioned how he and the family could go on defecating out in the open . Given the progress the world around him was making , it seemed ironic to him that his family did not have a toilet in the home . Muddumare made the decision to construct a toilet to make life better for his family . By taking out a WaterCredit loan of 7,000 rupees  $ 112 U.S. dollars  from Water.org 's local microfinance partner , the Organization for the Development of People , he was able to build a toilet . He has 3 acres of land where he grows groundnuts , sorghum and finger millet . The yield from his crops helps him earn money , which he uses to repay the loan amount in easy monthly installments . Having a toilet means his family no longer was hindered by the time-consuming and physical constraints of open defecation . The change improved productivity and restored dignity . For many others , it saved health and transformed lives . We hope that in the coming year , more organizations , both in the private and public sector , will double down on water and sanitation-related investments . Together , we can accelerate the pace of progress against the enormous but solvable crisis . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Damon and Gary White .	Matt Damon , Gary White : Millions die each year from lack of safe water and sanitation Damon , White : With WaterCredit program , we could help end the global water crisis They say clean water access improve productivity , restore dignity and transform lives Damon , White : We hope more people will get involved with this big but solvable crisis
CNN  -- When her baby girl takes an afternoon nap , or on those nights when she just ca n't sleep , Sarah Andrews , 32 , tosses off her identity as a suburban stay-at-home mom and becomes something more exotic : a "  virtual deputy " patrolling the U.S.-Mexico border . A Texas program lets Internet users around the world monitor live video from the Mexico border . From her house in a suburb of Rochester , New York , Andrews spends at least four hours a day watching a site called BlueServo.net . There , because of a $ 2 million grant from the state of Texas , anyone in the world can watch grainy live video scenes of cactuses , desert mountains and the Rio Grande along Texas ' portion of the international border . When Andrews spots something she deems suspicious -- perhaps a fuzzy character moving from right to left across the screen or people wading through the river with what appear to be trash bags atop their heads -- she and the site 's 43,000 registered users can send e-mail messages straight to local law enforcement , who then decide whether to act . "  Today , there 's a couple vehicles that are parked side by side next to each other , " she said by phone , her 7-month-old cooing in the background , "  but I ca n't tell what 's going on , you know ? " See sample videos from BlueServo.net " The video site 's supporters see the 15-camera project as a stride forward in U.S. efforts to halt illegal immigration , drug smuggling and border violence . Run by the Texas Border Sheriff 's Coalition , an association of 20 sheriffs from border counties , the project seeks to spread responsibility for the border 's security across the nation 's masses of Internet users . About 20 million people have clicked on BlueServo.net since it launched November 20 , and the Web site has gained national attention at a time when many eyes already were focused on the southern border of the United States . Lawmakers are raising concerns about drug-related violence spilling into the United States from Mexico . And , bucking an upward trend , there has been an apparent decrease in illegal immigration into the United States because of the struggling economy , according to a report from the Department of Homeland Security . Look at where the border wall is located " The Bush administration made a number of attempts to curb illegal immigration from the south . The administration added troops to the area and also built a wall along parts of the U.S.-Mexico border , drawing criticism from environmentalists and immigration advocates . Now , a virtual community says it 's trying to fill gaps in that protection . Rob Abernethy , a 42-year-old factory worker from Lincolnton , North Carolina , said he spends 30 minutes here and there watching the border out of a sense of civic responsibility . "  It may take the efforts of many to get a small result , but that small result could be rewarding or great in the long run , " he said . But critics say the program tempts extremists to become involved in border security , which they say is a job better left to trained professionals . Although there have been no reports of vigilante groups using the site to make arrests , Texas state Sen. Eliot Shapleigh , a Democrat from El Paso , said the program is "  pandering to these groups to keep them politically engaged on this issue . " The program also has been widely criticized as ineffective in Texas newspaper editorials , as well as by some of the Web site 's own users . Since the site was launched in late November , only four arrests can be attributed to the cameras , said Don Reay , executive director of the sheriffs ' coalition , which runs the project with money from Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's office . All of those arrests were related to marijuana trafficking , he said , with about 2,000 pounds of the drug seized . Those are n't the kind of results planners were looking for when they started the program , but Reay says the program 's unseen value is in the fact that it prevents drug-related violence and trafficking . He said sheriffs along the border have seen decreased crime in recent months , partly because of the camera program , although he said he could not cite statistics to back up that claim . Perry 's office said the cameras prevent crime because they do n't "  allow the bad guys to op under the cloak of darkness anymore , " according to Katherine Cesinger , Perry 's spokeswoman . The cameras spy on stretches of the Texas-Mexico border where the border patrol is n't particularly active or where the border wall has n't been constructed , Reay said . He declined to list locations of the cameras for security reasons but said most are hidden on existing structures on private properties . He wants the program to expand "  to cover every place where we do n't have a fence " and says the primary goal of the camera program is to fight crime , not immigration . There 's no evidence that security cameras would deter people from crossing the border , said Stephen Legomsky , a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , who specializes in immigration . "  If a person wants to come , they 'll find a point at which they 're willing to cross , " he said , adding that studies show that more people are drowning and dying of dehydration in increasingly daring attempts to cross the border as security increases . Abernethy and Andrews , the two "  virtual deputies , " said they would like to see greater transparency in the project . Both said they have e-mailed notes of suspicious activity to law enforcement , but neither has heard whether their alerts were of any help . "  It 's interesting . You see different things on there , but I just -- I do n't know that it 's doing any good , " said Andrews , the stay-at-home mom . "  I wonder if it 's a waste of time . " She said she hopes her work as "  virtual deputy " will prevent so many drugs from working their way north from Mexico into New York . She also said the site draws her interest because she 's nosy about what 's going on along Texas ' 1,250-mile international border . Abernethy said he will continue to watch the cameras because he feels like he 's part of an altruistic group of volunteers . Friends tease him about watching the site , he said . But he sees it as no worse than any other form of quick entertainment -- and maybe he can be of some help in the process . "  It 's no different than watching ` Everybody Loves Raymond ' reruns , " he said . "  It 's just something to do . "	BlueServo.net lets users watch live video from 15 cameras on Texas-Mexico border Texas put $ 2 million into project to prevent crime and illegal immigration Critics say cameras are ineffective ; only four arrests reported since November Site user : "  It 's no different than watching ` Everybody Loves Raymond ' reruns "
London  CNN  -- A former Guantanamo Bay detainee from Britain is among four people arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offenses , UK counterterror police said Tuesday . Moazzam Begg , from Hall Green in Birmingham , is "  suspected of attending a terrorist training camp and facilitating terrorism overseas , " a statement from West Midlands Police said . The three other suspects -- a man , 36 , a woman , 44 , and her son , 20 , all from Birmingham -- were detained on suspicion of facilitating terrorism overseas , police said . "  All four arrests are connected . They were preplanned and intelligence led . There was no immediate risk to public safety , " said Det. Superintendent Shaun Edwards of West Midlands Police . Officers are carrying out searches at properties connected to the suspects and vehicles and electronic equipment are being removed for forensic analysis , authorities said . The suspects have not been charged with any offense . Begg was arrested as a suspected al Qaeda member in Pakistan in February 2002 and was held at the U.S. airbase at Bagram , Afghanistan , before being sent to the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Begg spent nearly three years in custody . He was sent back to Britain by the Bush administration in early 2005 and was never prosecuted . He co-authored a book about his experiences at Guantanamo Bay in 2006 and has appeared as a public speaker and commentator in Britain and overseas since his release .	Police : Moazzam Begg is among four arrested on suspicion of Syria-related offenses Police : He 's suspected of attending a terrorist training camp , aiding overseas terrorism Begg spent nearly three years at Bagram airbase and the Guantanamo Bay prison camp He was released in 2005 and sent back to Britain
CNN  -- An intense typhoon made landfall in the southern Philippines early Tuesday amid fears that it could be worse than a 2011 storm that killed more than 1,200 people . Typhoon Bopha struck the southern island of Mindanao shortly before 4:45 a.m.  3:45 p.m. Monday ET  , the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Center reported . The storm packed top winds of 175 kph  110 mph  as it came ashore over the city of Baganga , and millions of people -- many of whom live in remote and unprepared communities -- were in the storm 's path , Philippine authorities and aid groups said . The tightly packed but powerful storm threatened to bring devastating flash floods and landslides . High winds could blast some homes into sticks , uproot trees and cut power for days , government officials warned . The storm weakened slightly as it moved west across Mindanao during the course of the morning , the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration said . There were no immediate reports of casualties . The storm , dubbed "  Pablo " in the Philippines , had blown up into a super typhoon at one point Monday , with sustained winds greater than 240 kph -- the equivalent of a Category 5 hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center reported . That wind speed is two and a half times the top winds of Severe Tropical Storm Washi , known in the Philippines as Sendong , whose heavy rains set off landslides that swept away entire villages in the same region a year ago . "  Many emotional people in  Mindanao  trying to prepare for Pablo with Sendong fresh in their minds , " Carin van der Hor , the Philippines director for the children 's charity Plan International , wrote Monday on Twitter . In the fishing village of Hinatuan , officials had warned coastal and island residents to evacuate to government shelters in the final hours before the storm hit , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN reported . At sea near the storm , waves reached as high as 52 feet , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center . On land , the outer bands of the storm had already begun to bring intense rain and high winds to coastal communities before landfall was made , according to the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . Government agencies had moved millions of dollars worth of relief supplies into position for quick delivery to storm-hit regions and put emergency crews , the military and hospitals on standby . School classes were suspended in many cities , and at least 80 flights were canceled , according to the disaster agency . The threat to Mindanao comes just weeks ahead of the first anniversary of Washi , whose heavy rains set off flash floods in the middle of the night that swept away entire villages . More than 1,200 people died and hundreds of thousands were left homeless , prompting a humanitarian crisis . Stormy weather in recent months also has caused death and destruction in other areas of the Philippines , where poor infrastructure leaves many communities highly vulnerable . Severe flooding in the region of the capital , Manila , killed more than 80 people in August . And Tropical Cyclone Son-Tinh left at least 27 people dead after sweeping across the central Philippines in October . Palau , a tiny island nation roughly 1,000 kilometers  600 miles  east of Mindanao , had a close shave with Bopha as the typhoon churned past , catching some outlying parts of the archipelago . "  It was headed right toward Palau , " said Derek Williams , a meteorologist for the U.S. National Weather Service in Guam . But at the last minute , "  it just turned to the west and fortunately went south of them , " he said . "  I really think they escaped the brunt of the storm , " Williams said in an interview with the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , noting that Palau does n't usually get hit by strong typhoons . Bopha nonetheless brought down a lot of trees and caused widespread power outages in Palau , according to Williams . "  The fast movement of the system really prevented a lot of flooding , " he said . "  I think probably only a few inches of rain fell , so that 's certainly good news , because Palau itself is susceptible to mudslides . " CNN 's Michael Pearson reported from Atlanta and CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported from Hong Kong .	NEW : Typhoon Bopha weakens slightly as it moves across Mindanao The storm hit the southern Philippine island early Tuesday Philippine authorities warn of flash floods and landslides The typhoon comes almost a year after a storm killed more than 1,200 people on Mindanao
CNN  -- When Mark Zuckerberg set out to build Facebook in the fall of 2003 , he was still trying to figure out exactly what the website should be . One conclusion he arrived at pretty early on was that it should n't be branded as a dating site . "  I do n't think people would sign up for the facebook thing if they knew it was for dating , " Zuckerberg wrote at the time in an IM chat with his close high school friend Adam D'Angelo , who became Facebook 's CTO and eventually went on to co-found Quora . "  I think people are skeptical about joining dating things too . " Though the look and feel of Facebook has changed in the years since , Zuckerberg and employees at the company have generally refrained from referring to the social network as a dating site , and from going after the online dating industry . That 's why it was so striking to see Facebook tease a feature clearly intended for dating during the company 's big press event on Tuesday for Graph Search , a new search engine that lets members use natural language to pull up recommendations for people , places and businesses from their social graph . Facebook reps demonstrated several uses for the product , ranging from recruiting to searching for restaurant recommendations . Then , at one point , a Facebook employee stood on stage and searched for "  friends of my friends who are single and living in San Francisco . " With that simple line , Facebook asserted itself as a potentially big player in the future of online dating . "  Facebook just announced that they are moving in on the essence of online dating , " said Dan Slater , author of Love in the Time of Algorithms , a history of online dating and its impact on our culture , which comes out next Tuesday . The bedrock of most dating sites , according to Slater , has been the ability to discover people you do n't know who share similar interests , whereas Facebook 's focus was on helping you find the people you do know . Graph Search changes that by making it much easier to search for people outside your immediate social circle . "  That is a radical change for a community as big as Facebook . " With Graph Search , Facebook members can search for other single users and filter the results based on their interests , education , age , hometown , current city and more -- all while using natural language . If you want to find single women under the age of 35 who are from your hometown and now live in New York , you can type exactly that into the search engine and see what pops up . Can Facebook really be used for online dating ? At first blush , it might seem obvious that Facebook could be used for dating purposes . The social network has long served as a place to flirt by letting users advertise their relationship statuses , stalk one another 's updates and Poke people they might be interested in . Indeed , one study last year from Stanford found that about 10 % of couples who met online knew each other first in some other context and re-connected through a social network like Facebook . That said , several startups have tried in recent years to leverage Facebook 's social graph for dating , but with only mixed success . Kingfish Labs raised $ 500,000 in early 2012 to use Facebook for dating , but its first Facebook application , Yoke , struggled to take off and the company itself was later acquired by BuzzFeed . Yoke was able to rely on Facebook data to help its users find people who shared connections and interests with them , but the problem the dating app faced was providing a way for users to get in touch with those people . "  Cold friending or cold messaging someone on Facebook is uncomfortable because you do n't know if the other person wants to be approached . On OkCupid it 's not uncomfortable , it 's standard , " Rob Fishman,co-founder of Kingfish Labs , told Mashable . The assumption is that everyone on OkCupid is interested in dating , but on Facebook , even those who label themselves as "  single " may not be in the market for a new relationship . "  There is no way for the third party to signal that ` yes , I want a date to approach me . ' " More fundamentally , Fishman says that his company found Facebook 's Like data was often not fresh or comprehensive enough to serve as a match-making tool . "  Facebook Like data is actually pretty sparse and stale , " Fishman says . "  If I asked you what your favorite movies are and went to your movies section on Facebook , I do n't think they would match up . On OkCupid , people curate their profiles with a scalpel . " These two problems will likely limit the potential of Graph Search as a dating tool for now , but Fishman suggests this could change in the future if Facebook adds additional relationship status options like "  Looking for a date , " and if the social network can accrue enough real-time interest data for users from its partnerships with other websites . "  Someone is going to crack the nut of Facebook dating , " Fishman says . "  It might well be Facebook . " A more casual place to date online The larger question then is whether Facebook can or will ever take on the big players in the online dating space . Investors appear to be concerned about this possibility , as the stock for IAC/InterActiveCorp -- the parent company of Match and OkCupid -- dropped by more than 2 % after Facebook announced Graph Search on Tuesday . "  I think the online dating business has to be looking at this announcement and saying this could either be the best thing ever for us , or it could be the beginning of the end , " Slater says . If members of existing dating sites are successful in finding matches through Facebook , it could cut into their business . On the other hand , Slater says , Facebook could potentially help the industry by removing whatever "  cultural barrier " remains for online dating . About a third of the single population in the U.S. currently uses online dating sites -- a number that has been relatively flat in recent years . Both Slater and Fishman suggest that Facebook has the potential to make it more common for people to use the Internet to find dates , without necessarily stealing away many customers from other online dating sites . Even before Facebook made its big announcement , Slater says he noticed that a growing number of non-dating platforms are being used for dating purposes , from match-making apps on Spotify to social discovery tools like Highlight . Meanwhile , he says some dating websites are starting to re-brand a bit by taking the "  pink hearts " off their homepage with the goal of being a little more welcoming to those who might previously have been put off by the idea of online dating . Facebook could fit nicely in this trend by serving as a more general social venue where casual users occasionally browse for dates without necessarily branding themselves as online daters . "  It 's very similar to going to a club or a poetry reading or whatever your thing is -LSB- to meet people -RSB- , " Slater says , whereas "  online dating is more like going to a speed-dating event . " At least in this sense , Facebook could help online dating function a little more like offline dating . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	it was so striking to see Facebook tease a feature clearly intended for dating during the company 's big press event on Tuesday Facebook 's new Graph Search will let people search , say , for young single people in their city Author : "  Facebook just announced that they are moving in on the essence of online dating " Facebook could become a social venue where casual users occasionally browse for dates
CNN  -- George Steinbrenner was a "  cracker who made a lot of African-American millionaires , " conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh said Tuesday of the New York Yankees owner who died earlier in the day from a heart attack . "  He fired a bunch of white guys as managers left and right , " Limbaugh said . The comments prompted civil rights activist Rev. Al Sharpton to rebuke the radio talker , calling his comments "  repugnant and offensive whether they were intended to be facetious or tongue and cheek . " "  For the last 20 years I have known George Steinbrenner , and we have quarrelled over diversity and community programs , but I always found him fair , direct , and genuinely prone to do what he felt was right , " Sharpton said , adding that Limbaugh owed the Steinbrenner family an apology "  that the first day of their mourning to have to be subjected to this type of rhetoric . " Premiere Radio Networks , which broadcast Limbaugh 's show , has not responded to requests for comment . It 's not the first time Limbaugh , sports and race have caused a stir . He resigned from ESPN in 2003 after saying on air that "  the media has been very desirous that a black quarterback do well . " "  They 're interested in black coaches and black quarterbacks doing well , " he said during a discussion of Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb . "  I think there 's a little hope invested in McNabb , and he got a lot of credit for the performance of his team that he really did n't deserve . " That comment came back to haunt him last year when he joined a consortium that sought to buy the St. Louis Rams . He was ultimately dropped from the group after a firestorm of criticism swarmed around his presence . Limbaugh has frequently lambasted celebratory dances performed by National Football League players after scoring touchdowns  "  a cultural problem ... that has resulted in a total lack of class "  and assailed the game itself for its aggressive nature . "  Look , let me put it to you this way : the NFL all too often looks like a game between the Bloods and the Crips without any weapons . There , I said it , " he said in 2007 . Limbaugh denies any of his comments are racist .	Radio host says Steinbrenner "  fired a bunch of white guys as managers " Sharpton calls Limbaugh 's comments "  repugnant and offensive " Limbaugh left sports network in 2003 after comments about media , Donovan McNabb Limbaugh : NFL is like street gangs with no weapons
CNN  -- After several delays , NASA said Friday that space shuttle Discovery is scheduled for launch in five days . The space shuttle Discovery , seen here in January , is now scheduled to launch Wednesday . Commander Lee Archambault and his six crewmates are now scheduled to lift off to the International Space Station at 9:20 p.m. ET Wednesday . NASA said its managers had completed a readiness review for Discovery , which will be making the 28th shuttle mission to the ISS . The launch date had been delayed to allow "  additional analysis and particle impact testing associated with a flow-control valve in the shuttle 's main engines , " the agency said . According to NASA , the readiness review was initiated after damage was found in a valve on the shuttle Endeavour during its November 2008 flight . Three valves have been cleared and installed on Discovery , it said . Discovery is to deliver the fourth and final set of "  solar array wings " to the ISS . With the completed array the station will be able to provide enough electricity when the crew size is doubled to six in May , NASA said . The Discovery also will carry a replacement for a failed unit in a system that converts urine to drinkable water , it said . Discovery 's 14-day mission will include four spacewalks , NASA said .	NASA now says that space shuttle Discovery is scheduled for launch Wednesday Shuttle is set to lift off for the International Space Station at 9:20 p.m. ET The launch date had been delayed to allow additional testing Discovery 's 14-day mission will include four spacewalks
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund edged a step closer to retaining their German Bundesliga title on Sunday as Japan 's Shinji Kagawa scored twice in a 6-1 thrashing of Cologne . With nearest rivals Bayern Munich defeating Hanover 2-1 the day before , Dortmund needed a win to restore their five-point advantage at the top of the table . And , after a level first 45 minutes , Dortmund -- led by man-of-the-match Kagawa -- produced a superb second half display with five unanswered goals , to once again hold a dominant lead with just seven matches of the season remaining . Visitors Cologne started strongly and took the lead through a 13th-minute Milivoje Novakovic header . But the home side drew level after 26 minutes when Lukasz Piszczek headed in a corner . Dortmund took the lead for the first time two minutes after the restart when Kagawa blasted home his first and he was also instrumental in some fine play prior to Robert Lewandowski tapping in the third just five minutes later . By now , Kagawa was running riot and his surging run provided Ilkay Gundagon with a simple fourth goal . Kagawa netted his 11th of the season , and Dortmund 's fifth of the match , with 10 minutes left and a demoralized Cologne defense could do nothing to prevent Ivan Perisic completing the rout . Dortmund are now on 67 points , five ahead of Bayern who they also face in the German Cup final on May 12 in Berlin . In the day 's other German Bundesliga match , Germany striker Cacau scored the only goal as Stuttgart claimed a narrow 1-0 win over Nuremberg . In Italy , Juventus maintained their astonishing unbeaten Serie A record , which now stands at 29 , after a 2-0 victory over Inter Milan . Martin Caceres and Alessandro Del Piero scored the second half goals as Juve made it 15 wins and 14 draws this season . But Milan remain four points clear at the top after Saturday 's 2-1 success over Roma , with just nine matches of the season remaining . A late Mobido Diakite goal gave Lazio a 1-0 win over Cagliari , a result that puts the Roman side three points clear in third place . Lazio are in 51 points , eight behind Juventus but three ahead of Napoli and Udinese who both drew over the weekend -- in Napoli 's case 2-2 at home to improving Catania after squandering a two-goal lead with 15 minutes left to play . Meanwhile , in the only English Premier League match played on Sunday , Newcastle drew level with fifth-placed Chelsea , just five points away from a Champions League place , after an impressive 3-1 victory at West Bromwich Albion . All Newcastle 's goals came in a superb first half display , with Papiss Cisse prodding home the opener after just six minutes . And they doubled their lead six minutes after that , Hatem Ben Arfa finding the net after a well worked build-up involving both Cisse and Yohan Cabaye . The result was assured after 34 minutes when Cisse blasted home Ben Arfa 's pull-back for his fifth goal since joining Newcastle in the January transfer window . Shane Long pulled a goal back for the home side early in the second half , but Newcastle held on for an impressive victory . In Spain , big-spending Malaga are now level on points with third-placed Valencia after a 2-1 win at Espanyol on Sunday . Two goals in two minutes late in the match from from Ruud Van Nistelrooy and Martin Demichelis ensured Malaga moved three points clear of fifth-placed Levante , who were beaten 2-0 at home by Osasuna . And bottom side Zaragoza continued their good recent form as a last-gasp Apono penalty gave them a 1-0 win over Atletico Madrid . Once cast adrift at the foot of the table , Zaragoza are now level on 25 points with Sporting Gijon and Racing Santander , who both drew 1-1 away from home on Sunday . However , all three clubs are still six points from safety , after fourth bottom Villarreal claimed a crucial 2-0 success at Rayo Vallecaho .	Borussia Dortmund thrash Cologne 6-1 to lead German table by five points Shinji Kagawa scores twice as Dortmund edge closer to retaining their title Newcastle draw level with Chelsea in Premier League after beating WBA 3-1
CNN  -- One day after joining more than a score of other women accusing Bill Cosby , famed model Beverly Johnson told CNN that the legendary comedian 's reputation for such acts was a secret in Hollywood -- one she only wished she knew about 30 years ago . Johnson detailed her own story about Cosby in Vanity Fair on Thursday , claiming he drugged her during a meeting at his Manhattan residence in the 1980s . She said in that article -- and again Friday on CNN 's "  New Day " -- that she does n't believe he sexually assaulted her then , but she yelled obscenities at him before he dragged her outside and put her into a taxi . As more women have come out against Cosby in recent weeks , many of whom say the comedian did rape them , Johnson said she began talking to people in the entertainment business about her own story . "  The response was , ` Oh yeah , we know he has been doing that for quite a while . ' It was like , everyone knew , " Johnson said . "  But people like myself , I most certainly would n't have gone to Bill Cosby 's brownstone if I knew the reputation he had with assaulting women . " Bill Cosby facing litany of allegations Including Johnson , at least 23 women have spoken out to various media outlets with accusations against Cosby . This number includes 20 who have spoken with CNN , spoken on camera about their allegations or been the subject of responses from Cosby 's attorneys . CNN has reached out to Cosby 's attorney Martin Singer about Johnson 's allegation , but has not heard back yet . But overall , the comedian 's camp has strongly and persistently denied these allegations . Johnson : All of American was a Cosby fan Johnson burst onto the scene as a model in 1970s , becoming the first African-American woman to appear on the cover of American Vogue . But she was in a rough patch in mid - '80s , coming off a rough divorce that included a difficult custody battle , when her agent called to say that Cosby wanted her to audition for "  The Cosby Show . " Johnson said that -- as someone trying to get more roles as an actress -- she was "  very excited " by the prospect of appearing on TV 's No. 1 show headlined by one of the nation 's most revered figures . "  There was n't a bigger figure in the entertainment industry than Bill Cosby and I was a big fan , " she said . "  I do n't know anyone in white America or black America that was not a fan of Bill Cosby and ` The Cosby Show . ' " Johnson met up with Cosby , including one meeting in which she took her young daughter to Cosby 's brownstone . "  He was very charming , very nice to my daughter and I , " she recalled . "  He suggested that I come back in a couple of days to rehearse the scene in ` The Cosby Show . ' " Claims she cursed comedian So Johnson did go back , this time alone . As she recalled to CNN , Cosby offered her a cappuccino and was "  very insistent " she take it , promising that it would "  be the best coffee that I 've ever had . " "  The first sensation was a little woozy , and so then I took another sip , " Johnson said . "  After that second sip , I knew I had been drugged . It was very powerful , it came on very quickly . The room started to spin . My speech was slurred . " Steadying herself on Cosby , Johnson claimed she "  just kind of cocked my head , because at that point I knew that he had drugged me , " and told him , "  You are a  motherf *****  , are n't you ? " "  I knew that he had drugged me , and I wanted him to know that he had drugged me , " she said . "  And the only word I could get out was  that expletive  , and I kept saying it to him louder and louder . " Johnson admits her recollection at this point were hazy , though she remembered Cosby becoming angry , grabbing her by one arm , dragging her outside and flagging down a taxi for her . "  All I remember after I got into that taxi cab , and somehow telling  the driver  my address  was  saying , ` Did I just call Bill Cosby an MF ? ' I was concerned about him , rather than me . " Cosby a ` powerful man ' in the industry In the Vanity Fair article , Johnson wrote that she tried a few days later to call Cosby on a private number so he could "  come clean and explain why he 'd done what he had . " Cosby 's wife , Camille , answered the phone . When Johnson asked to speak to Cosby , Camille told her it was late and they were in bed . Johnson said she 'd call back , but never did . Talking to CNN about why she did n't go public then with her story , Johnson explained that she was drugged but did n't think she was sexually assaulted and also spoke of beinging ashamed of speaking out . The fact the man she 'd be accusing was Bill Cosby also factored in . "  He was a  powerful man in an industry that I would like to be a part of , " she said . "  That went through my mind . " In her live interview with CNN , Johnson said she did n't "  want to see anything happen to Bill Cosby " by sharing her story . What she does want -- besides showing solidarity with other Cosby accusers , like her longtime friend Janice Dickinson -- is for her speaking out to encourage others who have been the victims of sexual assault by any perpetrator to speak up . "  This , to me , is not about Bill Cosby . This , to me , is about violence against women , " Johnson said . " ... What I want to see happen is that women come out and speak their truth . "	NEW : Johnson : Everyone in "  white America " and "  black America " were Cosby fans NEW : She recalls cocking her head , cursing at Cosby , believing he drugged her She says Cosby 's sordid reputation was a secret in Hollywood , but she did n't know The famed model tells CNN : I want more women victims to "  speak the truth "
CNN  Pope Francis has stirred up a hornet 's nest with remarks in which he said it 's OK for parents to spank children , so long as they do it with dignity . The comments came in his general audience Wednesday in St. Peter 's Square , when Francis was talking about the importance of a good father within a family . "  I once heard at a wedding a father say , ' I sometimes have to hit my children a little but never in the face , so as to not demean them . ' How nice , I thought , he has a sense of dignity , " the Pope said . "  When he punishes , he does it right and moves on . " CNN Parents : OK to discipline another parent 's child ? The principle of not humiliating the child while doling out the punishment appears to be central to the Pope 's justification of spanking , as is that of forgiveness . "  A good father knows how to wait and knows how to forgive from the bottom of his heart . Of course he can also discipline with a firm hand : he 's not weak , submissive , sentimental , " he said . "  This father knows how to discipline without demeaning ; he knows how to protect without restraint . " The issue of corporal punishment for children is divisive in many countries , and the Pope 's remarks prompted an outpouring of both support and criticism on social media . Father Thomas Rosica , a Vatican spokesman , told CNN that it was important not to take the Pope 's words out of context -- and that there was an important distinction to be made between discipline and punishment . "  It 's about time that we stop and allow the Pope to speak the language of most ordinary people , especially parents , who understand the Pope far better than those who parse every single word and statement that comes out of his mouth ! " he said . Opinion : Spanking is n't child abuse ; it 's common sense "  Let us not read into the Pope 's words anything other than what is there . He speaks constantly of mercy and tenderness . He speaks as a pastor and loving father figure who loves children and wants the best for them . " Francis showed this affection in a Google Hangout with disabled children from around the world Thursday , Rosica added , and "  speaks about disciplining children and never punishing them . " The pontiff also met with street children on a visit to a shelter in the Philippines last month . According to the website of the Global Alliance to End Corporal Punishment of Children , children in at least 43 states are protected by law from all corporal punishment . CNN Parents : The cultural , generational and religious roots to spanking They include more than 20 European nations , as well as countries in Africa and Latin America . The United States is not one of the nations where corporal punishment is banned , but an anti-spanking movement has gained momentum there . The case of NFL star Adrian Peterson , given probation , a fine and community service in November after he admitted whipping his 4-year-old son , stirred up the debate . The NFL also suspended the Minnesota Vikings star running back for the rest of the season . CNN 's Gisela Deputato contributed to this report .	Pope Francis recalls a father who told how he sometimes hit his children but not in the face A good father "  knows how to discipline without demeaning , " the Pope says
London , England  CNN  -- Surgeons in London successfully separated four-month-old conjoined twins after a 14-hour operation Thursday , the hospital announced . Hassan and Hussein Benhaffaf , who were joined at the chest , are in intensive care and sedated but stable , said consultant pediatric surgeon Edward Kiely , of Great Ormond Street Hospital . "  We are pleased with how the operation went , " Kiely said . The hospital said the next few days would be very important for the twins , whose family live in Ireland . The twins were born in December at University College London Hospital , CNN affiliate ITN reported . Though joined at the chest , they shared no major organs , Britain 's Press Association and Irish broadcaster RTE reported . Their parents , Angie and Azzedine Benhaffaf , flew with their babies to London last month to prepare for the operation , ITN reported . "  The sun is shining today for our two little fighters , who have won the battle of their lives ! " the parents said in a written statement . "  Words can not express the relief and love we feel for our two boys . "  We thank God , we thank the surgeons and the gifted team at Great Ormond Street Hospital , and we thank from the bottom of our hearts the Irish nation and everyone who prayed for our beloved twins . "  We are so proud of the courage and strength that Hassan and Hussein have shown , and they both have made the world a much better place with them in it . " Great Ormond Street Hospital is known for its specialist pediatric care . In conjunction with the University College London Institute of Child Health , it operates what it says is the largest center for pediatric research outside the United States .	Four-month-old Hassan and Hussein Benhaffaf were joined at the chest Twins are in intensive care and sedated but stable , surgeon says Parents : "  The sun is shining today for our two little fighters "
New York  CNN  -- A New York college student died of head injuries last week during a fraternity ritual held in Pennsylvania , the local coroner 's office said Monday . Baruch College freshman Chun "  Michael " Deng , 19 , died of "  closed head injuries ... due to blunt force head trauma , " Mary Wallace of the Luzerne County , Pennsylvania , coroner 's office said . Also Monday , Pi Delta Psi Fraternity Inc. said it has "  revoked and terminated all affiliation with the Baruch Colony , effective immediately . " "  Baruch Colony has violated the values and rules of our organization , " the fraternity said . "  We will also revoke the individual membership of any member found involved in this incident . " Charges are expected in Deng 's death , which occurred after a fraternity pledge event at a residence in the Pocono Mountains , Monroe County District Attorney E. David Christine said last week . Fraternity kicks out chapter after New York ` hazing ' death The level of charges and who specifically will be charged is not clear , Christine said . More than 30 members of Pi Delta Psi were conducting a ritual outdoors for new pledges called the "  glass ceiling , " according to a probable cause affidavit obtained by CNN . The objective was for Deng , who was blindfolded and wearing a backpack filled with a 20-pound bag of sand , to navigate toward someone who was calling for him "  while other fraternity brothers physically prevent that from happening , " witnesses said , according to the affidavit . Deng fell backward , struck his head and was unconscious and unresponsive immediately after he fell , the document states . Other members of the fraternity told authorities they saw Deng get pushed but did not see who did it because it was dark in the yard of the residence where the ritual took place , the affidavit said . Later , three fraternity members drove Deng to a Pennsylvania hospital early on the morning of December 8 , authorities said . "  The transport was done in a private vehicle ... which means this poor victim was n't receiving any medical attention until the time he actually made it to the hospital , " Christine said . He was unresponsive and in critical condition upon his arrival at the hospital . Physicians determined Deng had suffered major brain trauma , and he was put on life support , according to the district attorney 's office . Opinion : Bullying among boys easily dismissed ? In a statement , Baruch College said last week that Deng died while participating in an unsanctioned fraternity pledging event . Baruch College has a "  zero tolerance policy regarding hazing , " according to the statement . CNN 's Allie Malloy , Christina Romano , Tiffany Campbell and Julia Lull contributed to this report .	NEW : Chun "  Michael " Deng died of "  closed head injuries , " coroner 's office says Pi Delta Psi "  revokes " affiliation with Baruch College chapter after student death Deng fell and struck his head during "  glass ceiling " ritual , affidavit says Pi Delta Psi members tell authorities that Deng was pushed , document says
CNN  -- The images still inspire . Children sitting on their parents ' shoulders amid a sea of American flags , fluttering on a cool Chicago night . A young black woman running to get as close as possible to the stage . On November 4 , 2008 , Grant Park absorbed the world 's focus : Barack Obama was elected president of the United States . His victory speech stopped the Earth from spinning , if only for an evening , and drew the world 's attention to an America where anything was again possible . Obama 's victory energized a pulsing crowd of a hundred-thousand , their dream deferred no longer . Journalist Lois Wille called it "  a great big huge happy evening " that would perhaps "  wipe the memory " of a more divided America away . Still , the podium was wrapped in bulletproof glass . Chicago charged all its 13,500 police officers with protecting America 's great hope . It sent firefighters home wearing their uniforms so they would be ready to respond . We were not sure the promise and possibility of that moment was shared by every American . Yet that clear night , we celebrated the peaceful transition of power and the dawn of a different day . This is a good country , full of good and great people , dedicated to an extraordinary American promise , our commitment to equal opportunity for everyone . That evening , even the most hardened partisan hearts could feel it . Our country had taken a step forward in racial relations , a big step , something that spoke of what our nation might yet become . A good nation had become an even better one , where the scars of some old wounds had healed and the pain of intense divisions , though not forgotten , had receded farther into memory . Now the world is stopped no longer . How did we get from that America to this ? Benghazi . The IRS . AP phone records . The failures for which Barack Obama will be remembered are not just those of one man or one administration . They are the failures of an old idea , that big , old , dumb , top-down , factory style government can manage the complexities of modern times . The institutions of the past had their day but ca n't keep up with the hyper-connected , adaptive society we see emerging . The attorney general says his department 's secret acquisition of reporters ' phone records is a "  matter about which I know nothing . " The then-secretary of state testifies she did n't know about and never reviewed specific security requests from those under her care in Benghazi . Our president learns about "  outrageous " acts admitted by the IRS under his watch from the news media . These days , everyone takes responsibility but no one is actually responsible . David Axelrod explained it . "  Part of being president is there 's so much beneath you that you ca n't know because the government is so vast , " he told MSNBC . Exactly . So making it bigger and more expansive can only amplify its failures . This is the best Washington can do , not the worst . However , older industrial-age government is what President Obama insists upon . His administration still wants to control health care , retirement , the economy and almost everything else top-down , politically and artificially from distant palaces of marble . They want to run America from a bureaucracy so vast , its actions ca n't be known , even by those responsible for them . Yet the failure of Barack Obama 's old ideas about governing may not be the most disappointing element of his legacy . Unable to accept the constant and consistent failure of "  progressive government , " some of the president 's defenders have already been reduced to saying that the attacks on Obama are unjust , launched against him , not on their merits , but because of his race . Chris Matthews of MSNBC could find no better way to rationalize the loss of his well known "  tingle " than to explain that the country that just elected Obama a second time is inimical to his color . Matthews explained the dimming of Obama 's halo like this : "  The problem is there are people in this country ... who want this president to have an asterisk next to his name in the history books . ... They ca n't stand the idea that he 's president and a piece of it is racism . " Matthews continued , "  It is the sense that the white race must rule . That 's what racism is . And they ca n't stand the idea that a man who is not white is president . That is real . That sense of racial superiority and rule is in the hearts of some people in this country , not all conservatives , not even all right wingers . ... And a big part of it is bought into by people like John Boehner . " Back we go to the day when old wounds were open and divisions among Americans were fresh . No , Mr. Matthews , racism is not the problem here . This president can and is being judged on the measure of his actions . He is being judged on the content of his character , not the color of his skin . We 've reached a good place in America . We have our first black president . Have we reached the place where we can have our first bad black one ? Chris Matthews ' hysteria is evidence we are not there yet . These next few months , Republicans , Democrats and the news media must conduct themselves better than this . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos .	Alex Castellanos says the promise of Obama 's election as president has evaporated He says the scandals , controversies reflect a sprawling government that is out of control Castellanos : Some defenders detect an element of race in president 's troubles He says problem is "  top-down , factory style government " that ca n't manage today 's complexities
Heading off to spot the Big Five ? Sometimes the hunting begins long before the trip , with the search for perfect safari accessories . To help lay the groundwork , we 've tracked down some of the most luxurious safari gear around . Swarovski Optik CL Companion Africa A pair of Swarovski binoculars might seem like a heavy investment , but they deliver in terms of quality . The CL Companion Africa binoculars , which went on sale in October , have been designed especially for big game spotters . They 're lightweight , weighing just 500 grams , have an extremely robust housing designed to provide protection from sand and come in a waxed canvas bag inspired by the colors of Africa . Swarovski Optik , from $ 1,605 Valentino Rome safari silk chiffon scarf Looking for a way to ward off that brutal desert wind or simply on the hunt for a pre-safari gift for a loved one ? This beautiful safari-print scarf ca n't fail to impress . And the best bit ? If the all-important Big Five do n't put in an appearance , you can just admire the wildlife on the scarf . Harrods , $ 361 Smythson Mara Collection travel backgammon set A safari would n't be a safari without a game of backgammon as the sun goes down -- Smythson 's Mara backgammon set has been designed with this in mind . It rolls up , so it can be stashed inside the smallest of bags , and has a zipped pocked in which the chips are stored . There 's also a calf leather and luxurious nubuck lining to soften the blow in case of defeat . Smythson , $ 577 MCM Small Duke backpack This backpack was inspired by Duke Adolf Friedrich , the German explorer who spent years in Africa . The coated canvas means it 's more than capable of protecting belongings from heat , sand and animal attacks  OK , maybe not the latter  and there are internal pockets designed to hold tablets and laptops . It comes with its own dust bag , although we 're assuming this is n't intended to be a permanent fixture . Harrods , $ 730 Tateossian round compass cufflinks Anyone heading to a swanky safari camp should avoid making the mistake of thinking there wo n't be a dress code -- those sand-blasted khakis have no place at pre-dinner cocktail hour . These safari-inspired cufflinks add a splash of style to the proceedings . Bloomingdales , $ 225 Renaissance Art leather sketchbook This quality sketchbook has a sturdy leather cover and can be fully customized . The drawstring tie might not be overly practical for protecting scribblings -- sorry , masterpieces -- from the elements , but the stress of getting sand on sketches might just bring out the tortured artist that many of us secretly yearn to be . Renaissance Art , $ 139.95 Sailor African Elephant Maki-e limited edition fountain pen For penning "  wish you were here " postcards to loved ones or ticking off sightings of the Big Five , this elephant-adorned pen should be up to the task . The hand-decorated writing instruments even come with their own pots of ink for authenticity . Whether anyone would want to dirty up the 21 karat gold nib and 24 karat gold plating is another matter . Pen Boutique , $ 1,596 J. W. Hulme & Co. rolling duffle bag Choosing a safari suitcase can be tricky . Turning up with a hard-sided rolling suitcase will instantly mark out first timers as novices , but a soft-sided weathered leather creation suggests they 're trying too hard . This bag from J. W. Hulme strikes a reasonable balance -- it 's large enough to carry a substantial safari kit and the rugged wheels come in handy when it comes to airport stopovers . J. W. Hulme & Co. , $ 2,695 Betsey Johnson silver-tone zebra pave flask A post-safari sundowner is an important aspect of a trip to Africa , and this stylish flask keeps drinks icy cool , although it 's worth bearing in mind that if gets dropped anywhere near a zeal of zebra  that 's the collective noun for these striped beasts  , the chances of finding it are slim . Macy 's , $ 35 ATN Night Scout VX-WPT binoculars Not all safari creatures are obliging enough to come out during daylight hours . For investigating mysterious noises at night , or tracking big beasts as the light begins to fade , a pair of night-vision binoculars come in handy . ATN Night Scout VC-WPT binocs claim to offer greater depth of field than many night scopes , along with a wide viewing angle and water-resistant housing . ATN Corp $ 3,099 LED Lenser X21 .2 safari flashlight For those on the lookout for creepy crawlies or simply on a midnight dash to the toilet without night-vision binoculars in hand , this flashlight shows the way . It weighs just 1.4 kilograms but provides more than 500 meters  1,649 feet  of extremely bright light . Those that need further convincing might be interested to know that the Discovery Channel 's Steve Backshall is a fan of the brand . "  This would be a very welcome addition to my filming kit , " says Backshall . "  We do loads of night spotlight filming which this would really help with . " The Safari Store , $ 399	Packing the right safari gear is almost as important as picking the right safari The LED Lenser safari flashlight provides more than 500 meters of light The MCM Small Duke backpack can protect your belongings from heat and sand
CNN  -- Conducting effective drug testing on site at the 2016 Olympic Games will be hard to implement if construction delays in Rio de Janeiro continue , the head of the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  has warned . Craig Reedie , who replaced John Fahey as WADA president in January , told CNN that repeating the stringency and efficiency of the London 2012 Games will be a real challenge . "  It 's going to be difficult to replicate in Rio the system that was put in place with the International Olympic Committee  IOC  and UK Anti-Doping , " Reedie told CNN World Sport . "  The facility and systems  worked beautifully and that 's because the national anti-doping organization was very , very good . In Rio , we could n't say that at the moment ... they do n't have a laboratory . Their laboratory lost its accreditation because clearly it was inefficient . " WADA suspended testing at the Brazilian city 's LADETEC laboratory last August after it failed to meet the organization 's International Standard for Laboratories  ISL  . The implications of that suspension have already been felt by football 's world governing body FIFA which , as a result , will be transporting players ' blood and urine samples to Lausanne in Switzerland during the World Cup which starts in Sao Paulo on June 12 . Construction blunders and delays have blighted the buildup to football 's showpiece , while concerns over Rio 's Olympic facilities are mounting by the day -- a two-week strike over pay and conditions by more than 2,000 Olympic Park workers ended Thursday . Ongoing concerns have prompted the IOC to agree to increase the frequency of visits -- led by IOC Olympic Games executive director Gilbert Felli -- and establish dedicated task forces . Rio organizers announced Wednesday that Brazil will spend 24.1 billion reais  $ 10.8 billion  on infrastructure projects to ensure the Games are delivered on time . Earlier in the week , Rio 's mayor Eduardo Paes said he looked forward to Felli 's visit saying that there was "  no reason for concern " and that the "  Olympic Park has nothing delayed . " Reedie did not write off the city 's prospects of delivering first class drug-testing facilities on time , pointing to the fact that the suspended organization is currently being re-established and a new building is nearing completion . But more needs to be done , he said . "  Too often they think of the building being the important thing . Well that 's only one thing , " said the former chairman of the British Olympic Association . "  You actually need to put the proper equipment in it and then above all you need to put the proper people in it . And you then have to work up the proper standards so you can get it accredited again . " LADETEC has yet to respond to CNN 's request for comment . Reedie is n't pushing the panic button just yet , but called on Brazil 's lawmakers to take responsibility . "  This is n't really an organizing committee problem . This is a government problem , " he said . "  It 's up to them to develop and fund their national anti-doping organization and their laboratory . If they do that , yes it can be done . "  If they do n't and it slips , it 's a problem . " Read more : FIFA 's long haul anti-doping plan	President of World Anti-Doping Agency raises concerns over Rio 2016 testing Rio lab lost WADA accreditation last August for being inefficient says Craig Reedie Reedie calls on Brazil 's government to provide proper funding for drug-testing facility Brazil 2016 organizers pumping in extra $ 10.8 billion for infrastructure projects
CNN  -- A Florida homeless man strangled and used an ax to bludgeon to death a 58-year-old who had been counseling him , only to be arrested days later after trying to sell the victim 's collector coins , police said . David-Israel Zenon Murillo was charged with first-degree murder and dealing in stolen property on Monday , five days after Matteo Giovanditto was found dead in his home , a spokeswoman for the Osceola County Sheriff 's Department said . Following tips from Murillo , detectives found "  the murder weapon , " which sheriff 's spokeswoman Twis Lizasuain described as a hatchet or small ax . The murder was the first ever recorded in the 14-year history of Celebration , a Disney-developed town five miles south of the Magic Kingdom . While being led into court Monday , Murillo accused Giovanditto of attempting to sexually assault him , saying "  he tried to put something in my drink while I was over there . " "  He was a sick , sick man , " Murillo said . "  He had what was coming to him . " The sheriff 's spokeswoman , Twis Lizasuain , said that Murillo was a transient , living most recently in a wooded area near Kissimmee , Florida . Giovanditto was a counselor who worked with Murillo , and even had a small head-shot of the suspect among those on his computer . The two had known one another for the past year , Lizasuain said . Giovanditto was found dead in his apartment on November 29 , and a tip led police the next day to his vehicle in Kissimmee , about 10 miles west . Osceola County Sheriff 's deputies brought Murillo in for questioning on Sunday , after discovering that he 'd tried to sell some of Giovanditto 's coins . Murillo told police that the two were together on November 24 , when he "  became enraged and struck Giovanditto with an ax that he found in a closet , " a sheriff 's department statement said . He admitted he continued to hit the victim , even slamming his head into the kitchen floor . The medical examiner 's office later concluded that Giovanditto died from blunt force trauma and strangulation , according to the release . The next day , after getting a search warrant , police found Giovanditto 's iPad , cash and collector 's coins at Murillo 's campsite in Kissimmee . Investigators on Monday searched a canal in the area , looking for more evidence based on information from Murillo , as well as a lake near his campsite , Lizasuain said . She said police canvassing the campsite have already found "  significant evidence that corroborated what the suspect told the detectives . " Murillo is fully cooperating with the detectives , " said Lizasuain . "  We have a great deal of information  because of  what he has provided to them . " Days after Giovanditto 's death , police stormed the house of another Celebration resident , Craig Foushee , after a standoff . Foushee killed himself , police said . The two incidents , while unrelated , rattled residents of the picture-perfect town . "  It does have a unique flavor or flair that is n't found in a lot of places , " resident Chris Stellwag said last week of Celebration . "  But  it 's not like living at Disney World . It 's a real town ,  with  real issues . "	NEW : Police find the "  murder weapon , " described as a hatchet or small ax David-Israel Zenon Murillo is accused of killing his counselor in central Florida He was arrested after police found out he was trying to sell the victim 's coins Murillo told reporters that the victim got "  what was coming to him "
CNN  -- From E! 's strange "  Fun Facts " to Diane Keaton 's Girl Scout song , the Golden Globes delivered plenty of bizarre and wonderful moments in addition to an awards show . Here are some of our favorites . For those unable to see the content on a mobile device , please click here .	Rambling speeches among most interesting Golden Globes moments Hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler did not disappoint
CNN  -- There are two words that summarize the July Fourth holiday that was and the weekend ahead : hot and soggy . On Friday morning , a flash flood watch remained in effect for southeast Alabama , portions of Georgia and the Florida Panhandle , the National Weather Service said . The Panhandle is expected to get wetter into Saturday . Panama City Beach , Florida , was slammed with some of the worst flooding residents have seen in a long time . The area got 4.24 inches of rain in a short amount of time , the National Weather Service reported . "  The flooding was ridiculous , " Bay County Sheriff 's Sgt. Billy Byrd told CNN on Friday . "  We had roads and bridges out for the majority of the holiday . " The flooding was so bad that the fire department used boats to rescue dozens of county residents from flooded homes in low-lying areas , he said . Most went to stay with family members and were back at home Friday because the rain and flooding had subsided . Panama City even managed to carry on with its fireworks program when the rain let up . Sandbagging in Florida Lynn Haven , north of Panama City , was n't as lucky and had to postpone its celebration until later this summer , Byrd said . Video shot by CNN affiliate WMBB showed nothing but flooded streets . "  As I was driving around Lynn Haven , one gentleman stopped me and said he has lived on Minnesota Avenue for nearly 20 years and has never seen the flooding this bad , " CNN affiliate WMBB 's Chris Marchand reported . Some residents with flooded yards even had to wedge sandbags in their front doors , WMBB said , and some residents just gave up trying to drive through the flooded streets and parked their cars in the road . At one point , Marchand said , he saw a man walking through knee-deep water . In the Southeast , the eastern Tennessee Valley and Ohio Valley are hoping for a break from the rain this weekend . That 's probably unlikely , the National Weather Service says , because there 's a large plume of moisture from the Tropics converging across the Southeast northward toward the Great Lakes . A break ahead for California Is there good news in this weather story ? Sort of . It should cool down across the Pacific Northwest over the next few days . And the extreme heat that California has been experiencing is expected to break on Saturday , the weather service said . Parts of the state are still under an excessive heat warning , with temperatures hovering in the lower 100s , CNN meteorologist Melissa Lefevre said . Sizzling in Boston The Northeast is continuing to sweat it out . It 's going to be very hot in Boston on Friday , with a high predicted at 102 degrees , the National Weather Service said . There is heat advisory for the Boston area in effect from 11 am to 8 p.m. ET Friday . It should be hottest between 2 and 6 p.m. , the weather service said . The city lists cooling centers that might help everyone stay safe . The city 's Elderly Commission made robocalls to 30,000 Boston seniors , advising them of precautions to take to deal with the heat . The calls provided the number to Mayor Thomas Menino 's 24-hour hotline : 617-635-4500 . On Thursday , the heat caused 120 people to receive medical evaluations at Independence Day celebrations on the city 's Esplanade , said Jim Hooley , chief of Boston Emergency Medical Services . Four people were taken to a local hospital as a precaution , he said . Temperatures along the Charles River reached into the 90s on the holiday . In light of the terror bombings at the Boston Marathon in April , security was very tight for the July Fourth events . "  I think it 's going very well , for the most part , " State Police Col. Timothy Alben told the The Boston Globe . "  The public has cooperated tremendously . There are always going to be some people who do n't like -LSB- tight security -RSB- . We understand that . But I think it 's the world we live in . " Feeling hot in Philadelphia and New York City Meanwhile on Friday , the heat continued to oppress Philadelphia . The city was under an excessive heat watch , with temperatures expected in the lower to middle 90s , Lefevre said . And New York City will be a steamer . A heat advisory remains in effect until 8 p.m. Sunday for all five boroughs . Temperatures are expected in the lower to middle 90s , the National Weather Service shows . Cooling centers will be open Friday through Sunday throughout the city , New York City Office of Management spokesman Nancy Greco said . Public areas with air conditioning , such as senior centers and libraries , will house cooling centers for those who do n't have air-conditioned homes , she said . New Yorkers can call 311 or go online to find a center near them . CNN 's Morgan Winsor and Gabrielle Rodman contributed to this report .	Dozens rescued from flooding on July Fourth in Panama City Beach , Florida Flash flood watch continues in southeast Alabama , Georgia , Florida Panhandle on Friday New York City , Boston and Philadelphia are expected to sweat in high heat California 's extreme heat is expected to break Saturday
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Ignoring international protests , China may have repatriated around 30 North Korean defectors who had been caught while trying to escape their homeland , a South Korean official said Friday . Park Sun-young , a South Korean lawmaker who had been on hunger strike protesting such repatriations , told CNN she believes the North Koreans have been sent back . CNN can not in dependently confirm the assertion . Defectors who have made it to South Korea say anyone sent back faces a long term of imprisonment in a brutal labor camp or even execution . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon , meeting with the South Korean foreign minister Thursday , said he shared Seoul 's concerns about defectors and "  stressed the importance of giving priority to the international standards and humanitarian considerations for the well-being of those persons . " Almost daily protests in South Korea have called for China to allow the defectors to travel to South Korea , where they would settle . China , however , considers the defectors to be illegal economic migrants and has been sending them back to North Korea for many years . Defector Lee Ae Ran , who made it to Seoul , says there is added concern about the defectors being caught in China as "  Kim Jong Un just took over the leadership and to make his position stable , he 's proclaimed that he 'll kill all three generations of a defector family . " That claim is reiterated by other defectors and North Korean observers . Another defector , Won Il , told CNN he was repatriated twice by China while trying to escape North Korea . He was sent to a labor camp where , he said , he saw many die of hunger , malnutrition and exhaustion . "  Captured defectors face a slow death , " he said . "  There is a place called ` flower garden ' where about 2,000 defectors are buried like dogs . The flowers are so red there because of their blood . " Protests are likely to continue in South Korea despite the reports that it may be too late for the 30-some defectors currently in focus . Journalist Yoonjung Seo contributed to this report .	A South Korean lawmaker says about 30 defectors may have been sent back Park Sun-young has been fasting to protest China 's policy of sending back defectors Kim Jong Un has threatened to kill three generations of defectors ' families , one says
CNN  -- A Spanish nurse 's assistant who left the hospital Wednesday after beating Ebola said she was still weak but gave thanks to God and the health workers who cared for her that she was still alive . Looking frail but happy , Teresa Romero Ramos was greeted by cheers as she spoke to journalists , flanked by her husband , Javier Limon . Romero , who described her recovery as a "  miracle " from God , said she was ready to do whatever she could to help others infected with Ebola . And she indicated that she still does n't know how she contracted the virus . "  I do n't know what went wrong . I do n't even know if anything went wrong . All I know is that I hold no resentment , but if getting this disease serves a purpose to anyone , to better study the disease , to help find a cure , or if my blood helps cure another person , then here I am . " She added that she was "  willing to try , even if it means risking my life . " Romero spent 30 days at the Carlos III Hospital in Madrid , the same hospital where she contracted the illness while helping to care for an infected missionary who had been brought back from West Africa . She praised the care she received while there . "  The doctors , the nurses , the nurses ' assistants , cleaning personnel , security personnel ... they have all proven to me that we have the best health care in the world , " she said . "  Dedicated professionals who , despite the nefarious politics at times , are capable of performing miracles . I am one of them . " But she also spoke of her loneliness in the early stages , as she faced possible death . "  When I saw myself dying , I had memories of my family , of my husband , " she said . "  I felt myself isolated , I did n't have contact with the exterior apart from Javier . " Now , Romero said , she needs to be left in peace to rest and recuperate . Dog ` was the son we never had ' Limon followed his wife 's statement with a pointed reproach to the Madrid authorities who decided to destroy the couple 's dog , Excalibur , out of concern that he might have been carrying the Ebola virus . The animal was euthanized despite protests by animal rights campaigners outside the couple 's home and an online petition signed by about 400,000 people . As a childless couple , the dog "  was the son we never had , " Limon said . "  I would like to say thank you to all the people who love animals and have helped us in the case of Excalibur . Nobody knew the importance of the animal for us , a family without children . " He questioned why the dog could not have been quarantined , as was the case for a U.S. nurse infected in Texas . Nina Pham , who also recovered , was reunited with her tail-wagging pet Saturday after the dog completed a 21-day quarantine . Doctor : No danger of contagion Romero is now clear of the virus but still recovering her strength , Dr. Jose Ramon Arribas told a news conference earlier Wednesday , flanked by other hospital personnel . "  Everyone can be assured that there is no danger whatsoever of her being contagious , " he said . Romero chose not to speak at the doctors ' news conference for personal reasons , said the hospital 's director general , Dr. Rafael Perez-Santamarina . Ramon said that through Romero 's case , the hospital had learned many lessons about the treatment of patients with Ebola and how to protect the staff caring for them . Romero was the first person to be infected with Ebola outside West Africa in the current outbreak . Authorities announced October 19 that tests showed that Romero no longer had Ebola , but she remained in the hospital while further tests were carried out and she recuperated . Complete coverage on Ebola CNN 's Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report .	Husband says the couple 's dog , put down despite protests , "  was the son we never had " Nurse 's assistant Teresa Romero Ramos thanks all those who helped her survive She describes her recovery as a miracle from God , says she will help others "  There is no danger whatsoever of her being contagious , " doctor says of Romero
SWAT VALLEY , Pakistan  CNN  -- The boys shuffle into the room in a remote army base high in the mountains of Pakistan 's Swat Valley . They are disheveled , disoriented . These boys say they were kidnapped by the Taliban and trained to be suicide bombers . There are no smiles , their eyes stare at the floor . These are the lost souls of Pakistan 's battle with the Taliban . Each has a story of terror to tell , but the trauma runs so deep they ca n't even begin to properly find the words to describe what they have been through . That task is best left to the psychiatrist who , with her team , was brought in to try to pick through the pieces of this nightmare ; to make sense of the brutality here and try to put broken lives back together . Watch Stan Grant 's report on the boys " Dr. Fareeha Peracha describes these boys variously as "  psychotic , " "  depressed , " and in some cases , "  psychopathic . " "  They have been brainwashed . Brainwashed against people like you and me , " she said . CNN was given limited access to about a dozen boys . They had all been kidnapped by the Taliban and taken to camps where they would be trained to kill ; trained to be suicide bombers . Watch Grant 's exclusive interview with a wanted a Taliban leader " CNN can not reveal the boys ' names ; they have handkerchiefs tied across their faces to conceal their identities . The army fears they could face retribution should they be returned to their homes and families . The boys sit in a circle as I try to get them to open up about their ordeal . What happened ? Were they brutalized ? What did the Taliban ask them to do ? So many questions . They answer hesitatingly , their voices barely a whisper . "  The first day they beat us and then made us exercise , " one boy said . "  They made us run and told us you will wage jihad . " They said the Taliban especially poisoned their minds against the Pakistan army . "  They just told us that they  army  are against Islam , are against the Quran . They said wage jihad against them ; we are waging jihad for the Quran , " said another boy . They all say they were kidnapped by the Taliban , some snatched from fields and others from the towns they lived in . "  I was coming from the shop to my house , I had some stuff with me . They said , ` put your stuff in the car . ' I helped them put stuff in the car . They asked if they should drop me in my village , but when we reached the village they blindfolded me and put a hand over my mouth , " one boy said . The Taliban 's tactics seem to have worked . I ask one boy , would he kill for God ? He replied : "  Yes . " I asked the psychiatrist , Dr. Fareeha , if she believes the boys are capable of killing . "  Oh yes , " she said . "  Two of them would not even give it a thought . " The army freed the boys during fierce fighting with the Taliban . Now they are hoping to rehabilitate the boys and one day return them home . But Fareeha thinks that is a long way off -- if ever . She told army chiefs the boys are unpredictable . One boy , she said , told her if he had a suicide bomber 's jacket he would use it , that if he had a Kalashnikov , he would shoot . Of course , it is impossible to verify all of the accounts of the boys , but the doctors have no doubt about their trauma . Fareeha told Army chiefs that these boys were just a tip of the iceberg . After talking to the boys , she believes there are possibly hundreds of others just like them . These boys are the victims of the Taliban 's uprising here . All they are left with are the terrible memories , the voices in their heads : the voices of the Taliban telling them to kill , they said .	Boys rescued from the Taliban in Pakistan are receiving psychiatric help They are abducted from their homes and are being trained for suicide missions Psychiatrist says they have been brainwashed ; fixing that will take time Army hopes the boys can one day return to their homes
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China has complained to the United States about the sale of advanced Patriot air defense missiles to Taiwan , which Beijing does not consider an independent legitimate state . The sale of the missiles by Lockheed Martin , announced Wednesday in Washington , will undermine Sino-U.S. cooperation and will have severe consequences , China said . "  China firmly opposes and is strongly dissatisfied with arms sales to Taiwan by the United States , " Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said in a statement published Thursday by the state-run Xinhua news agency . State Department spokesman Philip J. Crowley said the United States reserves the right to sell arms to Taiwan . "  We do make available to Taiwan defense articles and services necessary to enable Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self-defense capability pursuant to the Taiwan Relations Act , and we will continue to do that , " Crowley said at a Thursday news briefing in Washington . The missiles are part of a $ 968.7 million contract awarded to Lockheed Martin on December 30 . The sale completes a broad $ 6.5-billion arms package approved under former President George W. Bush in late 2008 , the government-run China Daily newspaper said . Jin Canrong , deputy dean of the International Studies School at Renmin University of China , told China Daily that Beijing is nearly certain to retaliate against the United States if the deal is consummated . "  It is likely to freeze military exchanges . It will make the U.S. very uncomfortable because of all the world 's strategic military powers , the U.S. is most eager to learn about the -LSB- People 's Liberation Army -RSB- , " Jin is quoted as saying . Rear-Admiral Yang Yi of the Institute of Strategic Studies of the National Defense University was quoted as saying China needs to sanction the U.S. arms companies behind the deal . "  When it comes to a question of principles , we should never make concessions , " he said . Some U.S. companies that sell weapons to Taiwan also want to sell aircraft and other goods to China , added Yang , without naming any firms . "  Why do n't we take defensive countermeasures against them ? " he asked . "  Apart from just protesting to the U.S. government , why do n't we impose sanctions on these troublemakers ? " The government in Taiwan began as the remnant of the government that ruled over mainland China until a Communist insurrection proved victorious in 1949 . With the Communist takeover of mainland China , the losing faction fled to the island of Taiwan Taiwan is formally known as the Republic of China , while Communist China 's official name is People 's Republic of China . Many Western nations and the United Nations recognized Taiwan as the legitimate Chinese government until 1971 . China considers Taiwan as a breakaway province and does not recognize it as a sovereign nation .	China : Sale of the missiles by Lockheed Martin will undermine Sino-U.S. cooperation U.S. spokesman said the United States reserves the right to sell arms to Taiwan China considers Taiwan as a breakaway province and does not recognize it as a sovereign nation
CNN  -- So you want to become a pro golfer . The top players rake in millions of dollars each year , and you want a piece of the action . Whether you 're a promising five-year-old , an amateur trying to make the next step or a professional seeking to kickstart your career , the best way forward is generally to work with the people who 've been there and done that . They might not always be cheap , but golf academies offer training techniques that have taken the likes of Tiger Woods , Lee Westwood and Ernie Els to the top of the tree . But fear not , CNN has some tips from one of the sport 's leading instructors , David Leadbetter . There are three areas where beginner golfers struggle , he says . First off , you need to hold the club right . "  Most people grip the club too much in the palm of the hand , which creates tremendous tension and does n't allow the wrist to work correctly , " says Leadbetter , who helped Nick Faldo go from a nearly man to the winner of six major titles between 1987-1996 . "  People who do this wear a hole in their glove . It 's important to hold the club out towards the fingers , not the palm . It helps more golfers than you can believe . " Next , learn how to bow . "  So much of golf is based around how you set your foundations . It 's really important that when golfers set up for the ball that instead of having slouchy round shoulders , pull your shoulders down , then your arms can actually get to your chest , " the 59-year-old says . "  Almost like how the Japanese how bow : rear end out , slightly bend your knees , pull your shoulder blades down and arms resting in your chest , and you 're in perfect position . " From there , it 's all about the arms . "  Make sure your arms and chest always stay together through the swing , " Leadbetter advises . "  Practice little wedge shots -- put a club-head cover or towel under the left armpit and make little half-swings . " Along with Butch Harmon , Hank Haney and Pete Cowen , Leadbetter is one of the most renowned coaches in the golf world . Their success with major champions such as Faldo , Tiger Woods , Phil Mickelson , Greg Norman , Darren Clarke , Rory McIlroy , Graeme McDowell and Louis Oosthuizen has helped them launch golf schools around the globe . An hour with Harmon would cost you $ 600 , according to Golf Digest , while Haney charges $ 500 and Leadbetter brings in $ 3,500 for a three-hour tuition . But unless you are a top player , or paying hefty corporate rates , it 's unlikely you 'll get one-on-one time with these gurus . The next best thing is their schools , which range from short workshops to full-year programs for school-age players . These are n't cheap , either . A student accepted into Haney 's International Junior Golf Academy , based on Hilton Head Island in the U.S. , needs a $ 7,000 deposit just to reserve their place . However , there are cheaper holiday programs available . Haney , who worked with 14-time major winner Woods from 2004-2010 , also lent his name to an academy in China , at the Mission Hills Haikou resort on Hainan Island , where 2005 PGA teacher of the year Peter Krause was installed as head instructor . Harmon , whose father Claude won the 1948 Masters at Augusta , took on Woods as a top young amateur in 1993 and helped transform the American into a global phenomenon -- spending a record 264 weeks as world No. 1 -- until their split in 2004 . His Las Vegas-based golf school offers three-day courses with the man himself for $ 5,900  including four nights ' accommodation at Caesars Palace  , and a similar package with his staff professionals for $ 2,400 . Junior deals cost just $ 225 , while video lessons are offered for $ 30 an hour . Leadbetter became a coach after failing to qualify by one shot at the European Tour School as a hopeful young professional . "  I went and studied with some of the top coaches at the time , " he told CNN of his early days before making his name refining the swing of fellow Englishman Faldo . "  He was a successful player by the time he came to see me , but he realized he needed an extra gear if he was going to win the big ones , " Leadbetter said . "  He was very much a perfectionist , and the challenge was we did n't see immediate results , it took a couple of years . We had to work through that period where we were n't getting good results , but it all worked out in the end . " Leadbetter 's Florida-based academy , with 36 holes designed by former client Norman , has become the headquarters for a worldwide empire located in 13 countries including Spain and China . Former child prodigy Michelle Wie was one of his most famous students , and he has worked with four players who have reached golf 's No. 1 position . "  A coach these days is much more than just a swing instructor , you 're almost a part-time psychologist as well , " Leadbetter said . He expects the trend of Asian players dominating the women 's pro ranks to spill over onto the men 's circuit soon . "  They have the discipline . It 's a great sport for the Asian mind : they 're very methodical , very even-keeled and have tremendous work ethics . Not only in golf but in all walks of life . It 's an ideal sport for them to play . " Els , another of Leadbetter 's success stories , is also helping to teach young players in his native South Africa . The 41-year-old , a three-time major champion and the European Tour 's all-time leading money winner , set up a foundation in 1999 that focuses on kids from families with limited resources . His players take on those from Woods ' foundation in an annual Ryder Cup-style match play competition . The most successful graduates so far are Oosthuizen and Charl Schwartzel . Oosthuizen stunned the golfing world in 2010 by winning the British Open after making the halfway cut in only one of his eight previous major appearances . "  Things were n't going that great on the farm , and we just heard of this foundation which had just started , " Oosthuizen told reporters at St. Andrews about his early days . "  It was an unbelievable three years with what Ernie did for me , traveling around the country , helping with expenses , giving clinics , things like that . He 's such a good mentor , probably without him I would n't have been here . " Oosthuizen has also worked with Cowen , a coach who helped Northern Irishman McDowell win the U.S. Open last year and Clarke the 2011 British Open . Cowen , who has academies in his native England and Dubai , counts eight-time European No. 1 Colin Montgomerie and Oosthuizen 's 2011 Masters-winning compatriot Schwartzel among his former clients . He also helped Lee Westwood to become world No. 1 last year , and move within striking distance of overhauling Els ' European money record . Westwood is another player giving back to the golfing community . The 38-year-old runs clinics at courses across England , and has branched out with sessions in Spain at La Manga . Non-residential academies cost about $ 235 for three days , with entrants having the chance to win equipment and a day playing with Westwood . Els believes that such schools are vital for golf 's continued development . "  I do n't think there 's another sport that does more for its young participants , " he wrote on Links Magazine 's website . "  Tiger , myself and a lot of other guys on tour all can remember those who helped us when we were growing up . It is why we give back to the game at the junior and grass-roots level . "  The future of the game is bright , but only if we continue to make golf accessible to the younger generation . If we all do our bit , the combined effect is significant . "  I believe that introducing and encouraging a youngster in golf gives them a step up on life 's ladder . If they go on to become great players , that 's a bonus . "	Golf 's best-known coaches have set up academies all around the world They cater for young players , professionals and weekend warriors One-on-one tuition is expensive but cheaper options are available Working with golf 's top names helps coaches establish their empires
New York  CNN  -- LeBron James addresses the off-season controversy over his decision to leave the Cleveland Cavaliers to play for the Miami Heat in a 90-second video posted on YouTube by Nike . "  What should I do ? " the NBA star asks rhetorically . The video -- titled "  Rise " -- begins on a set similar to the one James used to announce last summer he was leaving Cleveland , Ohio , for Miami , Florida . The fast-paced video looks at different scenarios of what James could have done , including a cameo by "  Miami Vice " TV star Don Johnson offering advice . "  You 've got to deal with the heat , man , " Johnson says . "  Be patient . After a while the temperature drops and everything is free and easy . " James recites a portion of Maya Angelou 's poem "  Still I Rise . " "  Should I be who you want me to be ? " James asks as a basketball rolls off his fingertips and into a hoop . "  We 're celebrating his courage to forge his own journey even when others may have disagreed with his decisions , " Nike 's vice president of global brand marketing , Davide Grasso , said in a news release . Nike produced similar videos for Tiger Woods and Kobe Bryant after their involvement in extramarital affairs . TNT will show the James video Tuesday night during its coverage of the NBA season opener between the Miami Heat and the Boston Celtics .	The 90-second video addresses James ' decision to move to Miami "  Miami Vice " star Don Johnson makes a cameo appearance Nike also produced a video to help Tiger Woods ' image
CNN  -- Arizona 's Maricopa county listed the wrong date in the Spanish version of voter registration cards , a development likely to further complicate tense relations between local authorities and Latino residents . The county 's elections office says it mailed out nearly 2 million new voter registration cards . Only about 50 of the cards -- handed out over-the-counter at its offices -- had the error , it said . Instead of November 6 , the Spanish translation said the election would take place on November 8 . "  The program has been updated so it reflects the correct dates in both English and Spanish , " the county said in a statement . A local rights group said the damage has already been done . "  It 's a mistake that should not have happened , " Petra Falcon , the executive director of Promise Arizona in Action , told CNN affiliate KNXV-TV . "  To know that there 's information out there that 's wrong , it 's going to take a lot of work to make sure that people know the correct date . " Promise Arizona describes itself as "  a nonprofit organization dedicated to expanding civic participation in Arizona , particularly among Latinos and youth . " County officials and local Hispanics have long had an adversarial relationship , particularly over the subject of illegal immigration . Those disputes have landed in court . In one instance , the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona and other attorneys are representing Hispanics in a class-action lawsuit accusing Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio of civil rights and constitutional violations . The bench trial is being held in the U.S. District Court in Phoenix . Plaintiffs in the civil case accuse Arpaio -- who bills himself as "  America 's toughest " -- and his department of racial discrimination against Latinos . The Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund , and the American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona , are waiting for a federal judge 's ruling after a trial of their class-action lawsuit . Arpaio denies any discrimination . In a separate matter , the U.S. Justice Department has also accused the sheriff 's office of civil rights violations against Latinos . The sheriff has described the lawsuit against him and the county as politically motivated . "  They 're using me for the Latino vote , showing that they 're doing something , taking on the sheriff over an alleged racial profiling , " he said in May . Arpaio rejected the Department of Justice 's call for monitors to oversee the workings of his department . "  That shows you they want to take over this office , " he said . "  Under this agreement with the so-called monitor , I 'd probably have to clear every press release before I go public , especially having to do with illegal immigration , with the Department of Justice . " His remarks came after the Justice Department filed the civil lawsuit . "  At its core , this is an abuse-of-power case involving a sheriff and sheriff 's office that disregarded the Constitution , ignored sound police practices , compromised public safety and did not hesitate to retaliate against perceived critics , " Assistant U.S. Attorney General Thomas Perez said in May . The Justice Department had delivered in December a report with findings of civil rights violations and sought to fix them through a negotiated settlement with Maricopa County and its sheriff 's office . Those talks broke down in February over the county 's refusal to consider any agreement that involved an independent monitor , Perez said . According to the civil complaint , the sheriff 's office has displayed a pattern of discrimination against Latinos , which includes racial profiling , unlawful detention and searches , and unlawful targeting of Latinos during raids . Arpaio has denied any discrimination , and one of his attorneys called the Justice Department investigation a "  witch hunt . " CNN 's Greg Morris contributed to this report	About 50 of the incorrect cards were handed out , Maricopa County says The mistake has been corrected , according to county officials There is a long-running controversy between local authorities and Latino residents Hispanic groups have accused county officials of discrimination
CNN  -- Eduard Khil , a Soviet-era singing star who found renewed popularity as the viral Web 's "  Mr. Trololo , " died Monday , Russian media reported . Khil had been in a St. Petersburg , Russia , hospital since suffering a stroke in April . He was 77 . Khil was considered one of the Soviet Union 's great performers in the '60s and '70s . But his claim to fame in the rest of the world came in 2009 after a YouTube video posting of him performing the Russian pop song "  I Am Glad , 'Cause I 'm Finally Returning Back Home . " With a toothy grin , Khil delivers a clearly lip-synced performance minus lyrics , instead using a series of made-up syllables , including the "  trololololo " that captured the hearts of millions . According to New Music Express , the original lyrics , about a cowboy riding his horse home to meet his sweetheart Mary , were censored because they were deemed "  un-Soviet . " That led to his "  mouth music " version , which ends up sounding like a mash-up of yodeling and jazz-era scat singing over a cheesy orchestral arrangement . Soon , the video was being used online as a new target for the bait-and-switch Rickroll meme in which a user posts a link to something supposedly relevant or interesting but turns out to be a ridiculous or annoying video or image instead . The original video was viewed more than 12 million times , with alternate versions and parodies racking up millions more . Khil became aware of the song 's viral success after hearing his grandson humming the tune , according to Know Your Meme . Khil performed it several times afterward , with family members even starting a YouTube channel for him . On Monday , Khil was remembered on the same social-media sites where his video spread . Several tributes had been voted up to the main page of Reddit , and both his real name and "  Mr. Trololo " were trending on Twitter . "  Oh no , Mr. Trololo  i.e. Eduard Khil  has died , " Jon Fingas , an editor for tech blog Engadget , wrote on the site . "  The world is a sadder place . ... I 'm glad the Internet gave him a lasting memory ! "	Eduard Khil was a popular Soviet-era singer of the '60s and '70s Khil found renewed fame decades later online as "  Mr. Trololo " His words-free performance came after Soviet censors banned a song 's lyrics The YouTube video became a new version of the Rickroll meme
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber 's focusing on making new music in the hip-hop capital of Atlanta , while lawyers in three other cities prepare to defend him in court . Bieber , who graduates from being a teen pop star when he celebrates his 20th birthday Saturday , has several court dates on his calendar next month . Miami DUI case There are good reasons that Bieber 's lawyers could reject a plea deal and demand a jury trial for the drunken driving charge in Miami , according to a Florida lawyer familiar with the case . Lawyers sometimes beat the charge in court . A lawyer can defend a DUI charge by focusing on the technical aspects of the arrest and testing , questioning whether police did everything right , attorney Michael Salnick told CNN . If problems or deficiencies are found in what law enforcement did , those issues could be challenged . Was there probable cause for police to stop the singer 's Lamborghini ? GPS tracking data suggests the sports car was not speeding in the minutes before the arrest . If the judge lets a jury hear that , it might create reasonable doubt about the police officer 's claim he stopped Bieber and friend Khalil Sharieff after seeing them drag racing on a residential street . Was there probable cause for the officer to test Bieber 's sobriety ? The arresting officer said he became suspicious because he smelled alcohol on the singer 's breath , but lab tests later showed the alcohol level in his system was well below Florida 's legal limit for drivers under the drinking age of 21 . Bieber 's lawyer could argue that the officer made it up to justify the arrest . His defense might be bolstered if the judge allows the officer 's disciplinary record to be used to challenge his credibility . While the alcohol level was below the legal limit , a preliminary toxicology report on Bieber 's urine sample said he tested positive for "  metabolite of THC , " which indicates marijuana use , and alprazolam , the generic name for the prescription sedative Xanax . "  Yeah , we were smoking all night at the studio , " the singer told a police officer who told him he "  reeked of marijuana , " according to police documents . No-risk trial in Florida Defendants sometimes accept plea deals because they fear a judge would impose a tougher sentence if they were convicted in a trial . That 's not a risk with Florida 's DUI law , Salnick said . A judge would not give a sentence any different than what a prosecutor might offer in a plea deal , but a plea deal might allow the DUI charge to be kept off the defendant 's criminal record , replaced by reckless driving , he said . Probation rules -- including a drug-testing requirement -- would be the same . So , why go to trial ? An acquittal would be Bieber 's only way to avoid probation and drug testing , short of persuading the Miami prosecutor to drop the case , Salnick said . The prosecutor in Miami has not discussed a plea agreement with Bieber 's lawyer , Ed Griffith , a spokesman for the Miami-Dade state attorney 's office told CNN Tuesday . "  It 's way too early to offer a plea deal , if one was to be offered . " Bieber could choose the DUI diversion program that is available to all first-time offenders , Griffith said . It would last between six and nine months with random drug testing , about $ 1,000 in fines and fees , 40 hours of community service , an alcohol education class . In addition , Bieber would have to attend a session in which victims of DUI wrecks tell their stories . "  There are 11 stories presented by real victims and sometimes defendants who relay their experiences , " a description of the three-hour session said . "  There is a quiz at the end , and the defendant has to score 100 percent prior to completion . " Deal or no deal , first-time offenders rarely go to jail if convicted of drunken driving in Florida , Salnick said . Bieber is likely not facing jail , unless he violates probation -- such as by failing a drug test . A trial had been scheduled to start next Tuesday , but instead a "  sounding " hearing will be held with lawyers talking to the judge about preparations for a trial . Toronto assault charge Bieber 's best resolution of an assault charge in Toronto may be a plea deal that includes a "  diversion " plan , according to a Canadian lawyer interviewed by CNN . "  If he goes to trial , he probably would be convicted , " said attorney James Morton , a past president of the Ontario Bar Association . "  The Canadian system 's conviction rate is extraordinarily high . " Just 3.5 % of all defendants who plead not guilty and go to trial are acquitted , he said . Bieber allegedly struck his limousine driver on the back of his head several times while driving to a Toronto nightclub in December . Toronto prosecutors are likely already talking to Bieber 's lawyer about a plea deal with a "  conditional discharge , " in which the case would not be prosecuted if he takes part in anger management and community service , Morton said . It 's the likely result for a young person without a criminal record who is not a celebrity , he said . Prosecutors will be under "  intense scrutiny " and will want to avoid a deal that "  looks like they 're favoring a famous Canadian star , " he said . The first court hearing is set for March 10 , but Bieber does not have to be there . A magistrate will hold several hearings over the next few months to make sure the prosecution has handed over all of its evidence , including statements and any video , to the defense before the case is assigned to a judge for trial , Morton said . California egg probe Bieber faces a possible vandalism charge in connection with eggs tossed at his neighbor 's home last month , which caused an estimated $ 20,000 damage to a Calabasas , California , mansion . The egging case is what lawyers call a "  wobbler . " The Los Angeles County district attorney 's office could prosecute it as a misdemeanor or a felony under California law . It is up to the prosecutor to decide how serious the case is , based on a defendant 's criminal history and other circumstances . A prosecutor has had the results of the sheriff 's investigation for almost three weeks , and a decision could come soon . A felony vandalism conviction could bring up to three years in prison and a $ 50,000 fine . The maximum penalty for a misdemeanor conviction is a year in the county jail and a $ 50,000 fine . A felony conviction could also limit Bieber 's ability to work in the United States , because he is a Canadian citizen with a work visa . Investigators searched his $ 6.5 million home last month , seizing the security video . Detectives gave the district attorney video clips identified from the night of the egg attack to use in the prosecution of Bieber . Another video recorded by the neighbor was also provided to investigators . Flying high ? The Federal Aviation Administration is looking into allegations that Bieber and other passengers onboard a charter flight from Canada to New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport on January 31 interfered with the flight crew , the agency said . Bieber and his father were "  extremely abusive verbally " to the flight attendant on the Gulfstream IV aircraft as he traveled to attend the Super Bowl , according to a law enforcement sources . Both Biebers refused a pilot 's repeated warnings to stop smoking pot on the flight , according to a report by U.S. Customs and Border Protection , which was read to CNN . The FAA has not said when its investigation will conclude . CNN 's John Couwels contributed to this report .	Bieber 's Miami DUI case could be headed to a trial , lawyer says No plea offer , but Bieber could choose a "  diversion " program , Miami prosecutor says Taking the Toronto assault charge to trial is not Bieber 's best option , a lawyer says Los Angeles prosecutor nears decision on whether egging case is a felony
Officials in Washington said Monday they would grant consular access to the U.S.-held suspect in an alleged Iranian plot to assassinate the Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United States . State Department spokesman Mark Toner said officials do not believe the suspect , Manssor Arbabsia , 56 , is entitled to consular visits because he is a dual U.S.-Iranian citizen . But the agency has long encouraged authorities to allow consular visits in such cases and would do so this time , he said . Earlier , a senior administration official said Monday the United States will grant access if Iran formally requests it . The Iranian Foreign Ministry posted a statement to its website Sunday saying that it had given a note demanding access to Arbabsia . but Toner said that it did not appear that the request had been received yet . U.S. officials arrested Arbabsia last week on suspicion that he conspired with an Iran-based member of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps to hire hit men from a Mexican drug cartel to set off a bomb next year at a restaurant to be visited by Adel Al-Jubeir , the Saudi ambassador . The Iranian Foreign Ministry said the accusations were baseless and called for access to the suspect . "  Iran 's Foreign Ministry reiterated that any delay by the United States in facilitating consular contact with the Iranian national would be contrary to the logic of international law and the United States ' obligations , " the Foreign Ministry said . The United States alleges individuals in the Iranian government knew about the plot . Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi has said Iran is willing to look at evidence in the plot . "  We are prepared to consider any issue , even if it is falsely created , with patience . We have asked the Unites States to provide us with the relevant information regarding this scenario , " he told the Islamic Republic News Agency . The State Department said last week there had been direct contact with Iran about the alleged plot , but a senior Iranian official denied it . Two State Department officials said Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , met with Mohammad Khazaee , Iran 's permanent representative to the United Nations . But the Iranian mission in New York denied it . "  There were no kinds of negotiations between the two countries , and there was not such a contact , " said Alireza Miryousefi , press secretary for the Iranian Mission to the United Nations . Salehi said Monday the American allegations were aimed at creating discord between states in the region . And he asserted that Iran had never been involved in terrorist operations , the Islamic Republic News Agency said . Salehi 's apparent willingness to look at evidence of the plot comes in stark contrast to the response of the country 's supreme leader . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei called the allegations "  meaningless and absurd " in his first public reaction to alleged plot . "  They  the U.S.  want to isolate Iran , " Khamenei said over chants of "  Down with America " in a speech Saturday before thousands in Gilangharb , Iran . The alleged scheme involved a connection to the Quds Force , a branch of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard , which formally answers to Khamenei . Gholam Shakuri , an Iran-based member of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , is also accused in the alleged hit . Authorities developed the case against the suspects with the help of an undercover informant posing as an associate of a Mexican drug cartel , according to officials and an FBI agent 's affidavit . Reza Aslan , a religious scholar and author , told CNN on Saturday that the described plot does n't fit the Quds Force 's modus operandi . Using a drug cartel would be risky and a Quds Force agent would be more reliable than Arbabsiar , a used-car salesman in Texas , he said . "  It 's sloppy . It 's uncharacteristic , " Aslan said . "  It really does not serve Iran 's interest in any legitimate way . " Iran could more easily target Saudi diplomats in the Middle East , Africa and elsewhere , Aslan said . "  Doing so on U.S. soil is unmistakably an attack on the United States , not on Saudi Arabia . "	U.S. will grant access to suspect if requested , State Department spokesman says Iran demands access to the man arrested in the alleged assassination plot Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi says Iran has asked the U.S. for information about allegations Iran denies U.S. claims there has already been a meeting with an American envoy
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- A jailed Italian mobster claims he can prove American student Amanda Knox , her former boyfriend and a drifter are innocent of murdering Knox 's British roommate because he knows who the real killer is -- his brother . Luciano Aviello , 41 , made the statement during a videotaped interview with Knox 's lawyers . He said he had tried to write the Italian court several times to say that Knox and the others were innocent , but no one ever contacted him , defense and prosecution officials said . A source close to the case tells CNN that Aviello , who has been in and out of prison since age 17 , was out of prison , living down the street from Knox and Meredith Kercher and under a "  protection program " at the time of the murder . Aviello is serving 17 years in an Italian prison because of his association with the Camorra crime family . According to Italian media reports and Britain 's Daily Mail , he has testified against the mob at several trials , always from behind a screen to shield his identity . Kercher , 21 , was found semi-naked with her throat slashed in the house she shared with Knox in November 2007 . Knox and her former Italian boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , 25 , were found guilty in December 2009 of Kercher 's murder and are serving sentences of 26 and 25 years , respectively . A third person , Rudy Guede , a drifter originally from the Ivory Coast , plead guilty to the murder and is serving a 16-year prison sentence . In March , Aviello contacted Knox 's attorneys , who visited him in prison to learn more about his story . Aviello told Knox 's lawyers during the videotaped interviews that his brother , who was staying with him at the time of Kercher 's murder , came home one night and said he had killed a girl during a botched robbery . British and Italian media have reported the brother 's whereabouts are unknown and neither the lawyers for Knox nor the prosecution would comment further . "  When he came to my house he had a bloodstained jacket on and was carrying a flick knife . He said he had broken into a house and killed a girl and then he had run away , " Aviello said in his statement . Originally from Naples , Aviello says he was living in Perugia at the time of the attack . "  I know -LSB- he was involved -RSB- because my brother confessed to me that he had killed Meredith and he asked me to hide a blood-stained knife and set of keys , " he said , according to an attachment to Knox 's appeal documents . Aviello told the lawyers that his brother said he and an Albanian man broke into the house and found "  the poor English girl , " Kercher , "  who started screaming like mad " The brother "  stabbed her in the throat then he tried to stifle her screams , " Aviello said . "  Meredith defended herself like mad , scratching and hitting out at him . " Aviello said he can prove Knox 's innocence and his brother 's involvement because of evidence he buried at his home . "  I had everything under a little wall behind my house , " he said . "  I am happy to stand up in court and confirm all this and wrote to the court several times to tell them but was never questioned . " Italian prosecutor Giuliano Mignini , who led the case against Knox and Sollecito , told British and Italian media that Aviello 's claims were irrelevant since the court already deemed him not credible and did n't interview him . See the evidence presented in the Knox case Mignini told CNN on Thursday he could n't comment much on Aviello 's assertions because "  we need to verify his claims , in general , all of what he is saying . " Mignini said he has not yet interviewed Aviello , but will begin looking into his background as part of an investigation . That investigation will include checking out the burial of the key . Knox 's lawyer , Carlo Dalla Vedova , said he hopes a judge will allow Aviello to testify at Knox 's appeal hearing , which is likely to take place in the fall . "  The court should have vetted the reliability of the person and the worthiness of his claims , " Dalla Vedova said . "  We have posed again the same request to the appeals court . In filing an appeal , Dalla Vedova pointed to Aviello 's letters to the courts , saying they show Knox was not able to present all the witnesses , and that may have influenced the verdict . Mignini disputed the claim . We "  ca n't simply investigate in the course of a trial every claim that comes up , " Mignini told CNN . David Marriott , a lawyer for the Knox family , said that while they do n't yet know whether Aviello 's claim is valid , he feels it is only right that Knox get to air all the evidence in court . Even if the story is n't true , Knox and her lawyers should at least get the chance to investigate it and have his claims heard , Marriott said . "  The fact that the court did n't even decide to question him or at least look further into the claims is a part of what Amanda 's appeal is all about , " he said . "  We do n't know the truth , but the court has the responsibility to check it out . " Marriott also said he thinks it 's possible Aviello 's statements were n't checked out because Italian police and prosecutors believed they already solved the case . "  There 's no motivation I would guess for the police to actually pursue it , " he said , when asked if the keys , clothing or knife Aviello claims were buried were ever dug up . "  In their minds not only is it over , but why would they investigate something that might show their initial investigation was faulty . "	Luciano Aviello says his brother told him he killed Meredith Kercher in botched robbery Aviello says he buried brother 's bloody knife , clothes and keys to Kercher 's apartment Amanda Knox 's lawyers want Aviello 's story investigated for her appeal Knox , her former boyfriend were convicted of murdering Kercher in December 2009
A decomposed body found in Texas near the border with Mexico earlier this month has been identified as an 11-year-old undocumented immigrant from Guatemala , the Hidalgo County Sheriff 's Office said Monday . Gilberto Francisco Ramos Juarez was found dead in the brush near La Joya on June 15 , authorities said . An autopsy showed no signs of trauma , said J.P. Rodriguez , a spokesman for the sheriff 's office . The boy was found wearing pants , a belt and boots . "  The pathologist believes because of the way that we found the body , it had no shirt ... that 's a sign of heatstroke , " Sheriff Eddie Guerra said , adding that a toxicology report is pending . Rodriguez said it appears the boy strayed from a group that included some relatives , possibly after crossing the Rio Grande . Guerra theorized the boy was "  wandering aimlessly " through the area . Authorities were able to identify the boy after they discovered a phone number on his belt buckle . A series of calls led them to the boy 's father , who described the clothes the boy was wearing . The boy 's brother told authorities that Ramos was last seen with an uncle , who had been detained by Border Patrol agents , according to a news release from the sheriff 's office . CNN affiliate KRGV reported that the sheriff is still investigating how the boy ended up dead in the bushes and who brought him into the United States . The U.S. government has struggled to process and accommodate an influx of illegal human traffic but specifically a spike in immigrant children . The government does n't have enough beds , food or sanitary facilities . U.S. authorities estimate between 60,000 to 80,000 children without parents will cross the border this year in what the White House is calling an "  immediate humanitarian crisis . " Earlier in June , the White House announced a plan to spend millions in a government-wide response by sending aid to governments in Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador to help with crime and violence prevention .	Sheriff believes boy became lost , probably died of heat stroke Shirtless , decomposed body was found two weeks ago Police tracked down family through phone number on belt buckle U.S. has been dealing with increasing numbers of children crossing border
CNN  -- South African runner Caster Semenya took second place in her Olympic debut Wednesday , three years after a gender controversy sidelined her career and overshadowed her victory in the world championships . She qualified by finishing behind USA 's Alysia Johnson Montano in the 800-meter heats . Semenya , 21 , was the subject of a gender test by the International Association of Athletics Federations following her 2009 victory in Berlin at the world championships . She has since been cleared to compete . The controversial tests followed her explosion into the international scene when she won the world title at age 18 . She crushed her rivals by streaking away to secure victory in a record 1:55.45 -- a time especially highlighted by her sudden rise from obscurity . Her masculine build , chiseled abs and deep voice fueled rumors about her gender , sparking an international outcry . Outraged South Africans rushed to her defense and accused the world of invading her privacy . Read more : Indian athlete under pressure to prove her gender The organization 's handling of her case also sparked widespread criticism over accusations that it was unclear what standards the world body was using to determine her gender . "  The questioning of her gender is based on stereotypical view of the physical features and abilities attributable to women . Such stereotypes demonstrate the extent of patriarchy within the world 's sporting community , " South Africa 's minister of women , Noluthando Sibiya , said at the time . Officials for track and field 's world governing body sidelined her for nearly a year before she was cleared to run against women in 2010 after undergoing gender and drug tests . While the governing body said it had cleared her to run as a woman , it declined to provide medical details on the case , citing confidentiality . Expert : Gender testing ` imperfect ' for female athletes "  I am thrilled to enter the global athletics arena once again and look forward to competing with all the disputes behind me , " Semenya said after her clearance . "  Running is everything to me . When I am running , I am happy . " In addition to the gender scandal , she has suffered a series of setbacks , including withdrawing from the 2010 Commonwealth Games because of a back injury . She finished second in the 800 meters at the worlds in South Korea last year . But all the firestorm was in the past as Semenya -- who is coached by 2000 Sydney Olympics 800m champion Maria Mutola -- carried the South African flag in the opening ceremony in London . The powerhouse runner flashed a bright smile as she entered the grandest athletic stage of all . Opinion : Transsexual athletes treated unfairly	NEW : Semenya takes second place in the 800-meter qualifying heats She was the subject of a gender test following her 2009 victory in Berlin Her masculine build , chiseled abs and deep voice fueled rumors about her gender She has since been cleared to compete and says "  running is everything " to her
CNN  -- When Jackie Stewart speaks about driver safety in Formula One , it 's worth listening . The racing legend was a pioneer in raising standards in an era when mortality rates were high , and his legacy has left F1 stars with greater support than ever before . But he is still worried about one burning issue -- the controversy over sole supplier Pirelli 's tires , which he says are dangerous due to their rapid rate of degradation . The three-time world champion told CNN that drivers risked a "  multiple-car accident " unless immediate improvements are made . "  I do n't think that amount of rubber should be coming off the tires and be left to the side of the track , " the 72-year-old said . "  If you go over that rubber it then sticks to the terribly hot -- above 100C  212F  -- tires . "  When you get to the next corner your car is now totally unstable , and when you 're going to brake you 'll probably lose control of your car . If there 's a car close to you then that will cause a multiple-car accident -- it has to be improved . " The Scotsman , who notched up 27 wins in an F1 career spanning eight years , also blamed the tires for the exceptionally open season . Four different drivers have won each of the four races so far , ahead of the start of the European swing in Spain this weekend . "  An issue that nobody can quite work out is how the tire wheel , tire temperatures work , " Stewart said . "  We 've seen a lot of winning and losing because of when people have chosen or not chosen to go into the pits . " The "  Flying Scot " -- as he was nicknamed during his racing days -- agreed with Mercedes driver Michael Schumacher 's criticisms of the Italian tire manufacturer . Seven-time world champion Schumacher has complained about the quicker degradation of the tires and even likened them to driving on "  on raw eggs . " McLaren team boss Martin Whitmarsh , whose drivers Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button struggled with their tires at the Bahrain Grand Prix , has also criticized Pirelli . Meanwhile Schumacher 's teammate Nico Rosberg , who won the China Grand Prix last month , argued the unpredictability made racing interesting . Pirelli has argued it should be congratulated for such an open , unpredictable season . The manufacturer claimed it was simply responding to calls for more eventful racing , with director Paul Hembery saying : "  We are pushing the limits . " Stewart , who won the Spanish Grand Prix three times , said the high caliber of this season 's drivers made it anyone 's championship . "  They 're probably the best bunch of drivers I 've seen since the late '60s , early '70s when we had around eight or nine drivers capable of winning . " He said Nico Rosberg 's win in China could finally spell a comeback for Mercedes . It was the German marque 's first race win since Juan Manuel Fangio in Italy in 1955 . This week the team played down reports it could be set to quit F1 . British newspaper The Times claimed UK-based Mercedes could be forced out over a power dispute arising from F1 's proposed stock exchange flotation . A Mercedes spokesman said only that they were "  in discussions with the commercial rights holder . " But Stewart believes this could be Mercedes ' season , saying they were "  giants . " "  The Silver Arrow has been winning races since the '20s and '30s and came back in the '50s and won races , " he said . "  If they had n't won that race  in China  and showed themselves to be that competitive in the ones immediately following it , I think there might have been a chance of Mercedes Benz withdrawing from Formula One . "	Three-time world champion Jackie Stewart says Pirelli 's F1 tires are dangerous "  Flying Scot " says drivers risk a multiple-car accident unless improvements are made Safety pioneer claims that rubber residue on race tracks will cause problems The 72-year-old says the 2012 F1 lineup is the best crop of drivers in decades
CNN  -- Richard Roberts , the embattled president of Oral Roberts University and the son of its namesake evangelist founder , stepped down Friday , according to the school 's Board of Regents . Richard Roberts and wife Lindsay appear on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in October . "  I love ORU with all my heart . I love the students , faculty , staff and administration , and I want to see God 's best for them , " Roberts wrote in his resignation letter . Roberts ' decision was effective immediately and came as the school fought a wrongful termination lawsuit filed by three professors who accused him and his wife of misconduct . John Swails , Tim Brooker and Paulita Brooker said they lost their jobs after reporting information indicating that Roberts and his family lavishly spent school money for personal expenses . Roberts and his wife , Lindsay , have denied the allegations . The suit also claimed Oral Roberts University gave a "  convicted sexual deviant unrestricted access to students " and evidence in the case had been shredded -- charges the university has denied . In addition , the suit alleged Lindsay Roberts repeatedly spent time with an "  underage male " in various situations . She denied any improper behavior , insisting in a statement that she had "  never , ever engaged in any sexual behavior with any man outside of my marriage . " The Board of Regents , which voted to hire an auditor to look into the claims , will meet early next week to discuss a search process for a new president , according to Friday 's statement from Chairman George Pearsons . Roberts announced last month he would step aside temporarily as president , saying he and his family had suffered "  heavy damage . " The controversy has drawn international attention to the private Christian university in Tulsa , Oklahoma . E-mail to a friend	"  I love ORU with all my heart , " Richard Roberts writes in his resignation letter Three professors allege they were fired for revealing misspending Roberts and wife deny spending university funds improperly Roberts announced last month he was stepping aside temporarily as president
New York  CNN  -- New York City restaurant owners were back to business as usual on Tuesday , selling pitchers of soda and other super-sized drinks that would have been banned without a judge 's 11th-hour intervention . A citywide ban on the sale of sugary drinks in containers holding more than 16 ounces was set to go into effect Tuesday before state Supreme Court Justice Milton Tingling blocked the city 's restrictions on Monday , calling them "  arbitrary and capricious . " "  It 's no harm , no foul for us , " said Josh Lebowitz , owner of Brother Jimmy 's BBQ in Manhattan . "  We 'll go back to our old way of doing business . " In preparation for the expected ban on large sugary drinks at restaurants , fast-food eateries , movie theaters and stadiums in New York City , Lebowitz purchased 1,000 16-ounce cups to replace the 24-ounce ones used to serve soda at his five restaurants . But after Monday 's ruling , Lebowitz says those 16-ounce cups will remain in their boxes . "  We 'll hold onto them for the time being , " he said . "  We 're not going to use them . " Tingling 's ruling was in response to a lawsuit filed by a group of business associations -- including the National Association of Theatre Owners of New York State and the American Beverage Association , which hailed the decision as a "  sigh of relief to New Yorkers and thousands of small businesses in New York City . " The city wasted no time in appealing Tingling 's decision . How New Yorkers feel about big soda ban "  We are moving forward immediately with our appeal , " said Michael Cardozo , the city 's corporation counsel . "  We believe the judge was wrong in rejecting this important public health initiative . We also feel he took an unduly narrow view of the Board of Health 's powers . " Mayor Michael Bloomberg touted the sugary drink ban as a step toward eradicating New York City 's "  obesity epidemic . " "  We are confident that we will win -LSB- the appeal -RSB- , " Bloomberg said at a press conference at Lucky 's Cafe in Midtown Manhattan , where owner Laki Anagnostopoulos has decided to comply with the city 's sugary drink restrictions despite the court 's decision . "  It 's not about money at the end of the day , it 's about making a change , " said Anagnostopoulos ' son , Greg , adding that the restaurant has eliminated 24-ounce to-go cups and 20-ounce bottles of soda from its menu . Other businesses were not as ready to comply with the restrictions in the wake of the court ruling . "  We have maintained our position from the beginning that any regulations to eliminate New Yorkers ' rights to purchase beverages in sizes of their choice is not in the public 's interest , " Dunkin' Donuts said in a statement . "  With the ban now declared invalid , customers in New York City will find all their favorite beverages in the sizes they want available at Dunkin' Donuts . " Iman Kimel , owner of Frames Bowling Lounge in Manhattan , had a so-called "  plan B " for when he was no longer able to offer patrons pitchers of soda -- sell pitchers of juice instead . The high-end bowling alley 's chef developed recipes for cranberry-apple and mint , carrot and citrus juices , among other blends . Ethicist : Health bans and ` sin taxes ' can easily backfire Until the law dictates otherwise , though , Frames will continue to offer pitchers of soda -- which come with a standard birthday party package . "  As long as we can sell soda in larger quantities , we will , " said Frames marketing manager Frayda Resnick . Tingling wrote that his decision was based on the fact that the ban was "  laden with exceptions . " In addition , the law would have exempted a variety of retailers , including 7-Eleven , seller of the iconic "  Big Gulp " drinks , because it is regulated by the state , not the city . "  The effect would be a person is unable to buy a drink larger than 16 ounces at one establishment but may be able to buy it at another establishment that may be located right next door , " Tingling wrote . Bloomberg said that the city 's legislation was aimed only at the businesses that the city has the right to regulate . "  We just think the judge was totally wrong , " Bloomberg said , adding that the city can only enact legislation "  where we have the right to do it . " CNN 's Mary Snow and Melanie Hicken contributed to this report .	NYC businesses continue to sell large sodas Mayor Bloomberg says appeal will prevail Judge rules measure was laden with exceptions
CNN  -- English-language broadcast networks wo n't carry President Obama 's primetime address outlining his plans for executive action on deportations Thursday night , but the speech is set to make a big splash among his target audience -- Hispanic Americans -- as it cuts into one of the Hispanic community 's biggest television events of the year , the Latin Grammys . The four major networks -- ABC , CBS , Fox and NBC -- currently have no plans broadcast it , most instead airing their fall finales -- a choice one Hispanic advocate called a "  double standard " aimed at President Obama . Related : Broadcast networks opt out of Obama immigration speech Spanish-language network Univision plans to postpone the Latin Grammys to air the president 's speech live , and will turn back to the star-studded awards show afterwards . Last year 's show averaged around 4.6 million viewers , according to Univision , and was the number-two network that night - English or Spanish - among the coveted 18 -- 34 demographic . Univision is also airing an additional special after the speech on its UniMas network , and will have special reports on Obama 's move all weekend . Telemundo , too , is airing the speech live , instead of its originally scheduled telenovela . The network draws nearly 1.5 million average viewers during its primetime period . Both Univision and Telemundo will translate the speech live into Spanish . "  I do n't think this is something we have any reference for , " said Telemundo spokesman Camilo Pino , asked about the expected viewership of the speech Thursday night . "  But that 's primetime for us , so it 's big for us . " The White House declined to comment on the size of the Hispanic audience they expect to hit with the address . Some Republicans , however , have expressed skepticism over the scheduling . Related : What to watch for in Obama 's immigration speech Related : Immigration action is daring test of Obama 's power Texas Sen. John Cornyn , when informed of the timing , scoffed to reporters , "  talk about a major pander . " The Republican National Committee did not respond to a request for comment on their plans to respond on Hispanic-language media . Arturo Carmona , executive director of Hispanic advocacy group Presente.org , said the choice to was "  indicative of the importance of the issue , " and slammed the four major networks for refusing to air the speech live . "  We think they should be ashamed of themselves , the fact that they 're not airing this critical speech , " he said . Carmona said that when President George W. Bush announced sending thousands of troops to the border in 2006 , the major networks cut into their scheduled programming to broadcast his address live . "  The fact that they 're not doing the same for President Obama speaks of a double standard , " he said .	Univision will delay its broadcast of the Latin Grammys to air president Obama 's immigration speech Broadcast networks will not carry president Obama 's immigration speech Thursday night It will of course be broadcast on CNN
Tuvalu  CNN  -- "  Keep calm and carry on " is a catchphrase that Britain first adopted during World War II -- and while the country may not be at war anymore , it 's become a motto as we continue to fight our own personal battles . The Duchess of Cambridge redefined the spirit of the phrase in the past week -- her new motto could easily be : "  Keep calm and carry on with a smile . " You can only imagine what was going through her mind when she stepped out in front of a vast media presence in Kuala Lumpur last Friday , knowing everyone there had seen pictures of her topless , after photos of her on holiday were published overnight in a French magazine . A palace source said she was upset . The irony , of course , was that that day she was dressed as conservatively as she could be , because she was visiting a mosque . I 've watched Kate up close for the past year and a half and seen how she conducts herself in public in the context of the frenzy around her ; in fact , I am part of it . There is no way I could look that calm and collected knowing that everything I was doing was being scrutinized in such detail . She performs impeccably every time . She never stumbles and always makes it look easy . She copes by being in control . She prepares assiduously for everything she does in public and knows exactly what 's expected of her and where her limits are . William and Kate greeted by topless dancers Make no mistake , the Duchess of Cambridge is smart as a button and a natural public figure . But what I did n't realize was just how steely her character was . She has not just become a member of the royal family -- she 's becoming its anchor . William was less able to hide his emotions . At the airport as he left Kuala Lumpur , he had a face like thunder . He was furious with Closer magazine for violating the couple 's privacy and humiliating his wife . He had spent the day locked in discussions behind the scenes with a view to suing the magazine , commandeering the original photos and prosecuting the editor and photographer . This was something neither of them was going to take lying down . A red line had been crossed , the palace told me . By the time the couple reached Borneo they had relaxed a bit . Perhaps it was the isolation of the jungle , but William even had time to joke with an approved photographer who was dangling from a tree . William may work with the media , but he hates the paparazzi . This goes back to his childhood , where even at primary school he was overheard moaning about " ` tographers . " It was also the French paparazzi who pursued his mother and surrounded her car as she lay dying following a crash in Paris . Kate 's strength is that she does n't have William 's background . She was brought up out of the public eye in the idyllic Berkshire countryside with a stable , happy family . She was only exposed to media intrusion as a grown up , when she was better armed to handle it . British privacy should start with British press That does n't mean it 's been easy for her . Before she was married , she fled London because she was being pursued so aggressively by paps , with all the vile expletives they use grab attention . But she does have a strength of character that allows her to cope , and that 's a virtue that was on full display here in the Solomon Islands . She is bolstering her understandably more fragile husband . When they arrived here the Duke and Duchess received a rapturous welcome . I met them and they were clearly heartened by their reception and managing to put the legal battle at the back of their minds , at least in public . By the time they reached the final stop on their Asian tour , and news came in that they had won their civil case against Closer , they completely let go , dancing and giggling away . When the phrase "  Keep calm and carry on " was first adopted it was all about hiding your emotions with a straight face . Kate and William are doing that with a smile . In Tuvalu , they were n't just coping -- they were separating their public and their private lives , and that 's what they want the media to do . William will one day be king and is taking on more and more responsibilities from his grandmother . In Kate , he has found his "  strength and stay " -- a phrase the Queen used to describe her own husband and rock Prince Philip . This tour has shown William could n't have found anyone stronger in his future queen . Wolf : The backward view of women 's bodies	Topless photo scandal threatened to cast a pall over royals ' Southeast Asia tour Duchess of Cambridge appears determined to keep calm and carry on -- with a smile Foster : Kate is fast becoming ` anchor ' for royal family , offering strength and stability
CNN  -- A Canadian firetruck responding with lights and sirens to a weekend fire in Rouses Point , New York , was stopped at the U.S. border for about eight minutes , U.S. border officials said Tuesday . The U.S.-Canadian border is more than 5,000 miles long . Fire officials battling the blaze called for help from fire departments in nearby Quebec , using a longstanding and often-used mutual aid agreement . But the first truck that arrived at the small Rouses Point border crossing was delayed as officials checked documentation of the firefighters and their truck , officials confirmed . Two other trucks that arrived at the crossing next were cleared in less than two minutes each , a time that one fire official said was still too long considering the situation . "  It 's embarrassing , " said Chris Trombley , chief of the Champlain -LSB- New York -RSB- Volunteer Fire Department and deputy fire coordinator for Clinton County Emergency Services . "  We 're calling for help from another country and the first roadblock they hit is at our border . " The Canadian firefighters "  were asked for IDs , " Trombley said . "  I believe they even ran the license plate on the truck to make sure it was legal . " In the past , firetrucks on emergency calls cleared border checkpoints in 30 seconds or less , Trombley said , although he said identification is sometimes checked upon their return . A U.S. Customs and Border Protection official said the eight-minute delay at the Rouses Point crossing was caused "  when one of the firefighters ' admissibility was brought into question . " He declined to elaborate , citing immigration and privacy laws . A government source familiar with the case said one firefighter had a criminal record , raising questions about whether he could enter the United States . Kevin Corsaro of the border protection 's Buffalo field office said the agency 's primary responsibility is to protect the homeland . He called the event an "  isolated incident " and said agency officials were meeting with local fire officials to "  develop a plan to prevent the possibility of any delays . " No one was seriously injured in the fire , but The Anchorage Inn restaurant -- a landmark in the village of Rouses Point -- was destroyed . A firefighter who suffered minor smoke inhalation was treated at the scene , said Michael LeBlanc , chief of the Rouses Point Volunteer Fire Department . The cause of the blaze has not been determined , he said . Ten fire departments , including the Canadian departments , responded to the fire . "  Would it -LSB- quicker passage at the border -RSB- have changed the outcome of the fire ? " Trombley asked . "  Would the building have been burned ? Of course it would . " But he said firefighters were getting fatigued fighting the fire and relief was delayed . "  Just the fact that it could happen and it could happen again is what has us worried , " he said . Clinton County has mutual aid agreements with fire departments in Vermont and Quebec , Trombley said , and the county requests help from Quebec fire departments about 30 times a year . It sends help to Canada a similar number of times , he said . Trombley and LeBlanc said they planned to meet with authorities on Wednesday to discuss the incident . LeBlanc declined to comment . "  I do n't have all the facts and I do n't want to mistake what happened , " he said . "  We 've had a mutual aid system in place since the '50s and I ca n't remember anything like this happening , " said Trombley . E-mail to a friend	Upstate New York firefighters asked nearby Canadian units for help with blaze Firetruck that responded held up at U.S. border for eight minutes Government source says one firefighter 's criminal record caused the delay U.S. firefighter calls it embarrassing , says it delayed relief for tired firefighters
Every five minutes a woman in India is compelled to visit a police station and report a case of cruelty -- usually one committed by her own husband or family . Every ten minutes a woman in India reports assault . Every 21 minutes one of them reports a rape . The numbers are no secret : you can do the math from the National Crime Records Bureau yourself . The total number of these assorted cases has increased in each of the last five documented years , making for a 25 % jump over this period . But the numbers do n't tell the complete truth . At the very least , they are frequently misrepresented . With each high profile rape in India -- sensationally reported in national and sometimes international media -- the increased number of reported crimes is cited as an example of how the incidence rape in India is on a steep upward curve . But it 's a lazy correlation . In reality , we do n't really know that the number of cases of rape are on the rise . All we know is that more women are reporting these crimes -- perhaps , in part , because of the spotlight on them . Either way , the number of women not reporting rapes and other crimes is a far bigger statistic -- many are undocumented , brushed under the carpet , forgotten . Gender gap How do we explain why India has so many cases ? There are likely a number of complex sociological factors but there 's not much hard data . One useful indicator of the safety of Indian women is to look at how they compare globally on freedom . The World Economic Forum 's new Gender Gap Index gives India a dismal scorecard -- worse than in previous years . India 's women rank 134th in the world  out of 142 countries  for economic opportunities ; they place 126th in the world for educational attainment ; 141st in the world for health and survival . These are all basic rights that would empower them , make them less likely to be silent victims . SURVEY : Women earn much less than men generally The only parameter India performs well on is on having a female head of state or government , where it ranks a surprising first . But the parameter itself is flawed . In 15 of the 21 years the study counts , Indira Gandhi was prime minister . History will hardly portray Gandhi 's achievements as solely a triumph for Indian women ; her victory and the length of her rule was also a triumph of her lineage  Gandhi 's father was Jawaharlal Nehru , India 's first prime minister . She shared no relation to the legendary Mahatma Gandhi , but her surname -- acquired through marriage -- did n't hurt . A more reliable indicator of the political empowerment of India 's women is how it places 111th in the world for electing female parliamentarians , and 107th in the world for voting in female ministers . Born at a disadvantage Why the sorry state of India 's women ? Why are they so far behind ? The sad reality is that it begins before women are even born . According to India 's census , there are 940 women for every 1,000 men . In part , the difference exists because of decades of female infanticide -- the practice where families abort fetuses on discovering their sex . When girls are born , they 're born with the promise of a second class life . While men enjoy a literacy rate of 82 % , only 65 % of Indian women can read or write . Girls in India have long been considered a burden , a cause for losing money in marriages and dowries . Data and anecdotes alike show that Indian women have been unwanted and unloved for decades . Consider how families pressure their daughters-in-law for baby boys , not girls . Consider how in rural India , many Indian parents mistreat their daughters-in-law , demanding dowries , mothers-in-law meting out the same discrimination they were once subjected to . An overwhelming 43 % of crimes reported by Indian women are acts of cruelty committed by their own families . Millions of Indians -- men and women -- are complicit . The discrimination continues at a policy level : marital rape is still not considered a crime in India . Local governments and police remain poorly equipped to process crimes against women -- let alone doing so in a sensitive manner . So why are many shocked by India 's abysmal statistics on crimes against women ? The crimes , as always , begin at home . It should be no surprise to read about the physical crimes reported and recorded by the National Crime Records Bureau . What is surprising is how generations of Indians have stood by as their mothers , sisters , and daughters have been left behind on every indicator of quality of life ; they have been denied the chance for basic equality . The WEF report makes for illuminating reading , and signposts where India needs to go to fully realize the potential of its 600 million female inhabitants . OPINION : Where have India 's females gone ?	World Economic Forum 's new Gender Gap Index gives India a dismal scorecard 134th out of 142 in the world for economic opportunities ; 126th for educational attainment Women are born at a disadvantage , enjoying far few opportunities than men Gender gap may help to explain poor treatment of women , including issues such as security , rape
CNN  -- She was trying to get help for her sister . Help for a woman who was distraught and uneven , having driven to Florida to get away from her husband . Who had gone , at her sister 's urging , to a hospital only to sign herself out earlier in the day . A woman who was "  talking about Jesus and that there 's demons in my house , " her sister said on a 911 call . "  I 'm trying to control her , " the sister said , expressing worry about her sister 's three children . " ... I 'm trying to keep them safe . " At first , the plea appeared to pay off : Police caught up to the woman -- later identified as Ebony Wilkerson -- after she sped away from her sister 's Daytona Beach apartment . An officer questioned her as her three children sat in the Honda Odyssey 's backseat , smiling and seemingly calm . Wilkerson explained that she feared for her safety , worried that her estranged husband would harm them . According to a Daytona Beach Police report , the officer believed she might have a mental illness . Despite these concerns , the officer talked to a detective also at the scene and let her go on her way , concluding she could n't be held under a Florida law that allows for detention of people believed to be impaired by mental illness and who possibly pose a risk of harm . Almost two hours later Tuesday , Wilkerson drove her black minivan -- with the three kids still inside -- into the surf of the Atlantic Ocean . Tim Tesseneer was driving along Daytona Beach on Tuesday with his wife when they noticed the minivan driving through shallow water . They heard the screams , he said , of two children , who were crying and waving for help out of one of the rear windows . Tesseneer threw the car in park and raced over to help . One child was screaming , Tesseneer recalled Wednesday to CNN 's Piers Morgan . " ` Please help us , our mom is trying to kill us . ' " The other child he could see was wrestling a woman for the steering wheel . But the woman just kept saying , " ` We 're OK . We 're OK . We 're OK , ' " as another man joined Tesseneer trying to get the driver to stop . With the minivan in the cold , heavy surf of the Atlantic , the second man , Stacy Robinson , opened a door and pulled out the two panicked children . There was a good chance if he and Tesseneer had n't been there , the children , ages 10 and 9 , would have drowned inside the van as it pitched in the water , officials said . Another child , a 3-year-old girl , was strapped in a car seat . A lifeguard dived in through a front window and unbuckled the child and handed her to another lifeguard as the vehicle bobbed in water about 3 feet deep . Meanwhile , Wilkerson walked away quietly with a strange , almost "  possessed " look on her face , witnesses said . Not for long . Authorities quickly caught up to her . And on Friday she was officially arrested on three counts of attempted first-degree murder , according to Volusia County Sheriff Ben Johnson . Given what authorities have said since Tuesday 's incident , the charges hardly come as a surprise . Still , as more details come out -- like the sister 's 911 call and the charging affidavit -- they paint an ever more disturbing picture , especially for Wilkerson 's children . For evidence of their ordeal , one need only listen to what all three continuously uttered when officers caught up with them at Halifax Health Medical Center . "  Mom tried to kill us . " Mom said : ' I am keeping all of us safe ' The story begins in South Carolina , where Wilkerson and her children had been until she made the decision to leave the state , to leave her husband behind . Her children later detailed the fractured relationship between their parents , as well as the time her son got into trouble after speaking to authorities probing a domestic situation there . "  She came down to me for protection , " Wilkerson 's sister explained in her 911 call , of the quartet coming to the eastern Florida coast . Wilkerson 's sister was especially concerned about protecting the three children . Wilkerson 's fragile mental state led her to call police to ask for a well-being check "  because she 's ... having psychosis or something or postpartum . " The sister explained they 'd gone to the hospital Monday , only to have a pregnant Wilkerson check herself out the next day even though "  she 's still not all there . " And she 'd taken away the minivan 's keys so her sister could n't drive away with her children . Or so she thought . However she did it , Wilkerson drove off as her sister talked with police . That was followed by the initial encounter with the officer and detective , then later the incident on Daytona Beach . The children later told investigators that their mother told them "  to close their eyes and go to sleep . " As they screamed as the minivan went into the water , she insisted she was taking them to a better place , saying repeatedly : "  I am keeping all of us safe . " After their rescue , Wilkerson herself talked to authorities . "  She seemed confused and jumped from one religious topic to another , " states the charging affidavit . Wilkerson explained at one point that she 'd been driving "  too close to the water  when  the waves pulled her in . " Then , near the end of their talk , she said she did not want her husband around her children . On Thursday night , an arrest warrant was signed for Wilkerson . And shortly after 11 a.m. -- after being released from Halifax Health -- she was arrested . Wilkerson was being held on three counts of aggravated child abuse in addition to the first-degree murder charge , Johnson said Friday . Her bond has been set at $ 1.2 million , said James Purdy , the elected public defender for the 7th Judicial Circuit of Florida . Purdy said he would seek a court hearing on that bond , which could occur in the next week or so . He said he was going to speak with Wilkerson on Saturday . Investigators have claimed in the charging affidavit : "  Ebony Wilkerson acted with premeditated design to kill her three children . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Steve Almasy , Nick Valencia and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Wilkerson 's bond is set at $ 1.2 million , public defender says Ebony Wilkerson 's sister called 911 asking for a well-being check Wilkerson signed herself out of a hospital ; her sister worried she was n't well After being stopped by police , Wilkerson drove into the Atlantic with kids in car
Another sign of new rapprochement with Western culture , or a cynical public relations ploy ? Iran 's top leaders used Twitter to send Christmas greetings that praised Jesus , continuing a new era of social media outreach by a government previously known for Islamic extremism and political belligerence . "  May Jesus Christ , Prophet of love & peace , bless us all on this day . Wishing Merry #Christmas to those celebrating , esp Iranian Christians , " said a tweet from the official account of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani . In response to Rouhani , the Shiite Muslim country 's hardline Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , tweeted back : "  No doubt that Jesus #Christ has no less value among Muslims than -LSB- he has -RSB- among the pious Christians . " Another tweet from Khamenei 's account said that "  Jesus #Christ , the Son of #Mary , was a herald of God 's grace , blessing & guidance for man . " The messages come as Iran seeks to reshape its relationship with the United States and other Western powers more than three decades after the Islamic revolution launched an era of diplomatic estrangement . Its economy crippled by international sanctions over its nuclear program , Iran recently agreed to freeze some nuclear development efforts in exchange for the easing of some sanctions while talks continue on a final deal that U.S. officials say would prevent Tehran from building a nuclear weapon . However , Israel and some U.S. legislators warn that Iran was manipulating President Barack Obama 's administration and its allies in the talks without intending to truly give up its quest for a nuclear weapon . Rouhani insists Iran 's nuclear program is for peaceful purposes , and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says the negotiations will show if that 's true because a final agreement will require Iran to give up the technology to develop weapons of mass destruction . IAEA : Iran invites inspectors to visit Arak nuclear site The chief Iranian nuclear negotiator , Foreign Minister Javad Zarif , joined in some of the Christmas tweeting from Tehran . "  May the spirit of Christmas bring joy , peace , empathy and compassion to everyone throughout the coming year . Merry Christmas , " said a post on his account . The messages came from leaders of an Islamic republic in which religious minorities are not completely free to participate in the Iranian government and often face discrimination . While Jews and Christians can to some extent worship openly in Iran , the government cracks down on converts from Islam and any effort to proselytize faith other than Muslim . "  There are thousands of cases of discrimination against religious minorities like the Baha'is and others who express their own beliefs or any other belief than what the theocratic regime of Iran impose , " noted Katrina Lantos Swett , the vice chairwoman of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , in an interview last year with CNN . In 2012 , Iran arrested Saeed Abedini , a U.S. citizen who is a Christian convert and was openly preaching his Christian beliefs . He remains imprisoned in Iran , and his wife and others criticized the Obama administration for not negotiating his release as part of the nuclear talks . Iranian leaders have offered Christmas messages in the past citing the teachings of Jesus , who is considered a prophet in Islam . Former President Mahmoud Ahmedinejad , a hardliner notorious for virulent anti-Israel rhetoric , had on occasion issued positive statements about Christmas or Rosh Hashanah , the Jewish celebration of a new year . He was much more widely known , however , for saying that Israel should be eliminated and calling the Holocaust a myth . Usually , Ahmadinejad would caution that he was criticizing "  Zionists , " not all Jews . The more moderate Rouhani easily won the June election to succeed Ahmedinejad , then signaled a major shift when a tweet in September on his English-language account said : "  As the sun is about to set here in #Tehran I wish all Jews , especially Iranian Jews , a blessed Rosh Hashanah . " At the opening of the U.N. General Assembly that same month , Rouhani promised that Iran had the political will to reach nuclear agreement with the United States and its allies . Rumors that he would meet with Obama in New York proved unfounded , but the two men spoke by telephone before Rouhani flew home -- the first direct conversation between U.S. and Iranian top leaders since the 1979 Islamic Revolution . Over the weekend , Rouhani made clear his intention to ease tensions with the West . A post on his Twitter account declared : "  We want to rebuild and improve our relations to European and North American countries on a basis of mutual respect . " The Christmas tweets continued the Iranian outreach , this time joined by Khamenei , whose account included multiple tweets that implied Jesus might side with Iran against what he has in the past criticized as Western imperialism . "  If #Christ were among us today , he would not spare even a single moment to fight the despotism & global #arrogance , " said one of the tweets on Khamenei 's account . Khamenei 's messages appeared to be an effort to communicate directly with the international community by the 74-year-old religious cleric . It was impossible to know who actually writes on the Twitter accounts of Rouhani and Khamenei , while Zarif , a fluent English speaker , previously has said he writes his own tweets . Just the existence of official accounts for Rouhani and Khamenei makes them authoritative in a nation where Twitter and other social media websites such as Facebook and YouTube are controlled and limited . In an interview with CNN in September , Iranian Tourism Minister Mohammad-Ali Najafi said he expected more openness to social media under Rouhani , a close political ally . "  Social media is actually a great tool that can be used to express beliefs and reveal the reality and truth , " Najafi said . "  During the previous administration , social media and the Iranian 's presence on social media was considered to be illegal . But I think based on the policies of the new administration , there would certainly be changes made in those limitations . "	Iranian leaders praise Jesus Christ as a prophet of God 's grace Tweets from the top leaders are part of new rapprochement with the West The social media outreach comes as Iran seeks a nuclear deal to end sanctions International sanctions crippling Iran 's economy are Iran 's motivation
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- After eight months of bickering and political paralysis , Iraqi leaders were thought to have finally reached a power-sharing agreement Thursday for a new government , but that deal appeared to fall apart late in the day as members of the Sunni-backed Iraqiya List walked out of the parliamentary session . Jalal Talabani , sworn in late Thursday for a second term as president , delegated Shiite Prime Minister Nuril al-Maliki to form a government within 30 days , as mandated by the constitution . Thursday 's session then adjourned until Saturday . Quarreling that has typified Iraq 's gridlock re-emerged during the parliamentary session , from which most members of the Sunni-backed Iraqiya bloc walked out saying that the other political blocs were not adhering to their promise to vote on the tentative power-sharing agreement , which had been reached late Wednesday . The Iraqiya List had wanted parliament to vote on that agreement before voting for a president in order to ensure guarantees that had been promised to the Sunnis were in fact delivered . In the past , politicians have made promises to Sunnis that have not materialized , resulting in a widespread lack of trust . Politicians had cobbled out a compromise Wednesday that would have left Maliki in power and created a powerful new office that was expected to be headed by his rival , former Prime Minister Ayad Allawi , lawmakers said Thursday . Under the proposed deal , the three major governmental positions were to have been filled by three members of the country 's largest ethnic groups -- the Shiites , the Kurds and the Sunni Arabs . Al-Maliki is Shia . Jalal Talabani , who was to remain as president , is Kurdish . Lawmakers on Thursday elected Osama al-Nujaifi , a Sunni Arab from the Iraqiya bloc , to be the parliament speaker . They also chose Qusay al-Suhail , a lawmaker from the hard-line Shiite Sadrists , to be first deputy speaker and Aref Tayfoor , who is Kurdish , as the second deputy . But Sunnis did not consider Nujaifi to be adequate representation , and many members of the Iraqiya bloc walked out when parliament did n't accept its demand for a vote on the actual power-sharing agreement . Shiite lawmakers said the vote could n't be taken because it was not on the agenda , but Allawi disputed this . Even al-Nujaifi walked out , saying he had reservations over continuing the session marked by distrust . But , shortly afterward , he returned without explanation . Still , politicians were hopeful that a deal could emerge . Prior to the walkout , Mahmoud Othman , a Kurdish lawmaker , said , "  We reached a power-sharing deal but it is like assembling a car with different parts and hoping it will work . " Iraq 's government had been in a stalemate since the March 7 parliamentary elections , in which al-Maliki won 89 seats but lost to Allawi 's bloc , which won 91 seats . The political vacuum that followed has stoked fears that political instability would fester . In Washington , a senior administration official who did not want to be identified called the agreement "  a big step for Iraq . " "  We 've worked very hard in recent months with the Iraqis to achieve one basic result , and that 's a government that 's inclusive , that reflects the results of the elections , that includes all the major blocs representing Iraq 's ethnic and sectarian groups , and that does not exclude or marginalize anyone , " the official said . "  And that 's exactly what the Iraqis seem to have agreed to do . " Another senior administration official who asked not to be identified told reporters , "  This really is an Iraqi victory because this was an Iraqi decision that was made by Iraqis in Iraq . " The first senior administration official said U.S. President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden had spoken "  to virtually all of the major Iraqi leaders " in recent days . In the calls , Obama "  reiterated our strong desire to see an inclusive government in Iraq , and welcomed the steps that have been taken toward reaching that goal , " said Ben Rhodes , deputy National Security Council adviser for strategic communications . "  He also stressed the need for Dr. Allawi , other members of Iraqiyya , and representatives from all of the winning blocs to hold leadership positions in the new national partnership government . " The move comes as the United States has been drawing down its seven-year military presence to a noncombat force . Overall levels of violence have decreased since 2006 and 2007 , but the country has endured eruptions of attacks lately that resemble the Sunni-Shiite sectarian violence during the height of the war . The incumbent al-Maliki , whose State of Law coalition is Shiite , has backing in Iran and from many Iraqi Shiites , including the influential Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr . The choice of a Sadrist as a deputy parliament speaker reflects the movement 's clout , and al-Maliki 's alliance with Sadrists has stoked concern among U.S. officials because of anti-Americanism in the group . Allawi , who served as prime minister in the early years of the new post-Saddam Hussein Iraqi government , is from a Shiite background but is a secular figure who is well regarded by many American officials . His bloc , regarded as secular and cross-sectarian , has won a great deal of support from Sunni Arabs and he has consistently opposed al-Maliki for another term as prime minister . The two leaders had been jockeying for enough votes for a coalition government , but neither had been able to garner the 163-seat majority needed in the Council of Representatives to form a government . Earlier this week , Iraq 's top political leaders met in the Kurdish north to break the more than eight-month deadlock , a development sponsored by Kurdistan Regional Government . There had been fears that Allawi 's bloc would boycott any government led by al-Maliki , but the creation of an entity called The National Council for the Strategic Policies appeared to have helped ease the way for compromise . The body was created in an effort to reduce the power of the prime minister , Othman said , and the committee was to be headed by Allawi . Iraqiya was demanding that legislators pass a law within 30 days forming the national council and forming a committee to review the files of people illegally detained , a great concern for Sunni Arabs who have accused Iraq 's Shiite-dominated government of persecuting them . It was calling for a final agreement on outstanding legislation and for canceling a ban on three top Sunni Arab politicians from running in elections . Those three have been accused of ties to Saddam Hussein 's outlawed Baathist movement . If a power-sharing agreement is not reached in which Iraq 's Sunnis feel fairly represented , sectarian violence could re-erupt in Iraq , a country where politics and violence tend to go hand in hand . Many Iraqis told CNN that they blame a recent rise in violence on the political vacuum of the last eight months .	Eight months of bickering and paralysis had appeared to end in a power-sharing agreement But that agreement appeared to fall apart late Thursday when the Sunni-backed bloc walked out "  It is like assembling a car with different parts and hoping it will work , " a legislator says
CNN  -- NATO forces patrolling the Gulf of Aden foiled a pirate attack on a Norwegian tanker this weekend , a NATO spokesman said . The Canadian navy 's HMCS Winnipeg helped foil a pirate attack on a Norwegian tanker Sunday , NATO says . Pirates attempted to capture the MV Front Ardennes at 6 p.m. Saturday and were apprehended seven hours later , Commander Chris Davies told CNN . A NATO-supported Canadian navy ship , the HMCS Winnipeg , was returning from escorting a World Food Program vessel in the gulf when it saw the Norwegian ship under attack , Davies said . A British Royal Fleet Auxiliary vessel , the Wave Knight , was also in the area . The pirates were captured at 1 a.m. Sunday after they threw weapons , ladders and scaling equipment overboard , Davies said . Several rounds of ammunition were found on the pirates ' boat . The pirates were detained , but allowed to go free after questioning . There is currently no formal procedure for NATO personnel to follow once they have apprehended pirates , Davies noted . Their weapons are confiscated and they are then typically given provisions and released . The Sunday incident is the latest in a string of hijackings off the Horn of Africa , which have received more attention since pirates attacked a U.S.-flagged cargo ship on April 8 and took its captain hostage . See a map of pirate attacks " CNN 's Carol Jordan in London , England , contributed to this report .	Canadian , British vessels on NATO patrol prevent hijacking of Norwegian ship Pirates captured after seven-hour chase , but then released , NATO says Lacking formal procedure , NATO generally takes pirates ' weapons but lets them go Sunday attack latest in a long string of hijackings and attempts in Gulf of Aden
CNN  -- Here 's what you need to know about Pauly Shore : You ca n't make any joke about him that he has n't made about himself , because he loves to play the victim . "  It 's like a roast . Or Rodney Dangerfield with ` No Repsect , ' " he says . "  I giggle when I put myself down . It 's just funny to me . " After his glory days of chilling major as the Weasel on MTV and his foray into mainstream movies with stoner comedies like "  Encino Man " and "  Bio-Dome , " Shore 's career stalled . It was when the offers dried up that Shore took matters into his own hands and created a new character : self-deprecating former star . He threw himself into stand-up and began creating starring roles for himself once again with independent films that he wrote , directed and produced . "  You 've got two choices , " he says . "  You can either make a s -- tload of money -- not me personally , but someone in the business who 's very box office-friendly -- being cast in other people 's stuff or do what I 'm doing and not make any money but be 100 % in control of it and make it exactly how I want it to be . " His latest project is a comedy special , "  Vegas is My Oyster , " airing on Showtime now . "  Oyster " is a throwback to old-time variety shows , and in it , Shore plays the emcee and straight man trying to corral wildcards like Andy Dick and Tom Green during the AVN Awards weekend in Las Vegas . Former Charlie Sheen goddess Bree Olson , Ron Jeremy , Dave Navarro , Bobby Lee and Amber Lancaster also make appearances . "  It 's quite a feat to try and pull off a show with all these people , getting them there , having them show up that night sober and looking good , " Shore said . But after contemplating every painstaking detail , down to which scalloped curtain to hang on stage , he 's proud of his work . "  It 's shot well ; it 's sexy ; it 's no-holds-barred and edgy . My main goal is to do something entertaining , and we 're pushing the envelope on this particular show . I loved having the porno awards be the backdrop . " Shore is no stranger to a fast lifestyle . His comedian father , Sammy , was Elvis Presley 's opening act and founded The Comedy Store in Los Angeles . His mother , Mitzi , has been running the club since 1973 . From an early age , Shore was around lady-loving , hard-partying legends like Sam Kinison and Richard Pryor . Back in his MTV days , he romped with "  Lisa Lisa , " and he 's been a frequent guest at the Playboy mansion . "  I think I 'm living a lot of guys ' dreams . For sure , " he says . "  But I am a guilt-free person , " he continues . "  Unlike Tiger Woods or Arnold Schwarzenegger or any of these guys that live the unfaithful , cheating lie , or even women who live that lie , I 'm not that person . I was when I was younger , but I chose the wrong girls to date . Now I still choose those girls , but I also know that it 's not going anywhere . I do n't promise them anything ; they do n't promise me anything . It 's very light . I have enough drama in my own life . Plus , I like having different girlfriends in different places that I travel . " If Shore , 43 , were to settle down , he says a Sharon Osbourne type is his ideal . "  At the end of the day , I think , do n't quote me on this -- and you can even say do n't quote me -- that 's probably the type of girl that I would wind up with . She loves him and protects him but also manages him and cares for him . I think if Ozzy did n't have Sharon , he would be dead by now . " Until that love comes along for him , Shore will be on the road . "  Remember that  Life cereal  commercial , ' I know , let 's get Mikey to do it ! ' I 'm like the Mikey of comedians , " he says . "  I go to markets that no one would ever go to . Those are my fans . People always ask me , who are your fans ? My fans are people that live in Jackson , Michigan , and also  the  TSA . They love me . "	His latest project is a comedy special , "  Vegas is My Oyster , " airing on Showtime Shore 's comedian father , Sammy , was Elvis Presley 's opening act If Shore , 43 , were to settle down , he says a Sharon Osbourne type is his ideal
Beijing  CNN  -- Residents of the southern Chinese village of Wukan held talks with government officials on Wednesday to try to defuse a tense standoff with the authorities following violent protests over land rights . More than 10,000 residents of Wukan , a fishing village in Guangdong Province , claim land has been seized illegally and then sold by the local government to developers for the past decade . News of one recent sale of nearly 1,000 acres of land to developers prompted protests by villagers who say they have not received any compensation and rely on the land for their livelihood . Villagers last week drove out government officials and set up obstacles to prevent the police from entering the village . They say one villager , Xue Jinbo , was beaten to death while in police custody . Zhu Mingguo , Guangdong 's deputy party secretary , met with a local village representative on Wednesday , said Liu Jingmao , a spokesman for Shanwei city government , which administers the area . Liu declined to give details of the substance of the discussions . In the negotiations , the villagers were seeking the release of four people who had been detained by the authorities , said a villager who gave only his surname , Chen , for fear of reprisals if he was identified . They were also demanding that the government return Xue 's body for investigation into the cause of death . The talks in Wukan come a day after separate demonstrations farther along the southern Chinese coast . Riot police used tear gas to disperse a large crowd of people who gathered to protest a coal power plant in the town of Haimen . In Wukan , Xue , 42 , was suspected of leading hundreds of villagers in protests over issues of land use , money and local elections in September that led to two days of rioting , the state-run Xinhua News Agency reported last week . His death was caused by cardiac failure and no apparent signs of assault were found on his body , the news agency quoted an investigator from Guangdong Province as saying . The Shanwei government has said it has settled some of the complaints that led to the riots , Xinhua reported , and fired two local officials . China has since censored searches for "  Wukan " in online micro-blogs and other Twitter-like feeds to prevent the spread of information about the unrest . Searches on Sina Weibo for "  Wukan " only result with the message , "  according to relevant laws and regulations , results for Wukan can not be displayed . " Disputes over land use in rural areas of China have increased as discontent has grown over local corruption and environmental issues .	A senior party official meets a representative from the villagers of Wukan Wukan residents claim land has been seized illegally , then sold to developers The villagers want the release of four people detained by the authorities They also want the return of the body of a villager who died in police custody
CNN  -- A bus accident along the New Jersey Turnpike near East Brunswick killed two people and injured 42 others Monday night , state police said . The 50-year-old bus driver was killed when he was ejected through the front window , according to Sgt. Stephen Jones . A second person died at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in Brunswick . Five others are in the hospital 's trauma unit . The "  driver for some reason lost control ... struck a guide rail and a concrete abutment , " Jones said . The bus "  appears to have entered grass on center median & hit overpass support , then hit embankment on right of road , " according to the official Twitter account of the state police . The accident involving a Super Luxury Tours bus took place near Exit 9 on the turnpike , according to Jones . The bus was traveling from New York 's Chinatown to Philadelphia . Super Luxury Tours , Inc. is located in Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania , according to police . CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this story	42 people are taken to the hospital Five people are in a local hospital 's trauma unit The driver was ejected through the front window The bus was traveling from New York 's Chinatown to Philadelphia
CNN  Film director David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "  Twin Peaks " -- a cult 1990s television show that was set to return in 2016 . The offbeat TV series , created by Lynch and Mark Frost , featured a quirky FBI agent who went to the Pacific Northwest town of Twin Peaks to investigate the mysterious murder of a high school girl named Laura Palmer . The groundbreaking series is considered one of the most influential shows in television history . Lynch broke the news about his departure in a series of tweets , saying that the show 's third season will continue without him . He said he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show "  the way it needed to be done . " Lynch also wrote that he had personally called the actors over the weekend to let them know he would no longer be directing . Showtime Network , which will air the nine-episode comeback , released a statement saying they were "  saddened " by Lynch 's decision . "  We were saddened to read David Lynch 's statement today since we believed we were working towards solutions with David and his reps on the few remaining deal points , " read the statement . "  Showtime also loves the world of Twin Peaks and we continue to hold out hope that we can bring it back in all its glory with both of its extraordinary creators , David Lynch and Mark Frost , at its helm . " Showtime announced they would produce a third season in October last year . Actor Kyle MacLachlan , who played the coffee-obsessed FBI agent Dale Cooper in the original series , had confirmed he would reprise the lead role for the new season .	David Lynch says he wo n't be directing new episodes of Twin Peaks Showtime "  saddened " over decision , which involved a dispute over money
Central Falls , Rhode Island  CNN  -- Graduates of the nation 's most vilified high school descended upon campus Tuesday evening to support the school 's fired teachers . They also had a message for President Obama : Do n't bash our school . "  He does n't know us . He does n't know the teachers . He does n't know the students , " said Nikko Calle , 21 , a graduate of Central Falls High School in 2006 . "  I think it 's a real outrage what 's happening here . " Nearby , Ashley Delgado , 19 , stood on the school 's steps clutching a sign that read : "  Dear Obama , I supported you , your causes , goals and beliefs . Why are n't you supporting mine ? " A firestorm has erupted in this Democratic stronghold in recent weeks after 93 teachers , support staff and administrators at Central Falls High School were fired for the low performance of the school , which graduated just 48 percent of its seniors last year . The firings will go into effect at the end of the school year . Teachers can re-apply , but no more than 50 percent will get rehired . Obama weighed in last week , endorsing the actions of the local board . "  Our kids get only one chance at an education and we need to get it right , " the president said . Obama 's comments further inflamed an already tense environment in this poor Rhode Island enclave , just outside Providence . "  I could n't believe it , " said Delgado , who graduated in 2008 . "  Ever since the beginning , I thought firing all the teachers was a ridiculous notion . " About 70 young people , most of them graduates of the school and now in college or working , demonstrated peacefully outside the school in the largely Hispanic , working class neighborhood . They expressed outrage and disbelief that the school they attended has become a national pariah . "  We stand together for our teachers and for our school , " said Katherine Lopera , 20 , a graduate in 2007 . Her classmate , Sindy Alvisures , said , "  The teachers are literally like our family . When I went through high school , I went through a lot of personal problems and my teachers were always there for me . " Of the 800 students who currently attend Central Falls , 65 percent are Hispanic ; English is a second language for most . Half the students are failing every subject , with 55 percent skilled in reading and 7 percent proficient in math , officials say . The defenders of the school say improvements have been made , but the stats are skewed against them because the school 's population is so transient . Tuesday 's demonstration was to coincide with a board of trustees meeting , where the firings were to be the main topic . However , the meeting was abruptly called off , because the Governor 's Commission on Disabilities said the school 's auditorium was unfit for people with disabilities . On the steps outside the school , George McLaughlin shrugged . He cast suspicion on the reason for the meeting 's cancellation . "  Unless they mean , it 's not fit for morally disabled people , " he said . McLaughlin has been a guidance counselor at Central Falls for the last 15 years . His wife is a chemistry teacher . "  We will lose all of our income . " He suggested Obama should summon the 93 teachers and administrators for a beer summit . The president "  has n't heard our side of the story , " said McLaughlin , a member of the teachers ' union . "  He has n't listened to us . He knows nothing about us . " Marcia Reback , president of the Rhode Island Federation of Teachers , was less hospitable toward the president . "  We 're all taking our bumper stickers for Obama off our cars , " Reback said earlier in the day . She said the union supports school reform . She called for an independent mediator to intervene at Central Falls because tensions have gotten so high between the union and the school administrators who carried out the firings . "  This is unprecedented , " Reback said . "  I do n't think anyone was prepared for this kind of fallout . " School superintendent Fran Gallo said she stands by her decision . She noted the school did n't graduate half its seniors last year . "  Somebody has n't spoken up for them , the other 50 percent , " she said . As darkness fell at the school , the graduates who had come back said the problems at the school have been oversimplified and that the rest of the nation ca n't understand the importance of the teachers in the tough environment they live . Nikko Calle said one of the most important men in his life was his creative writing teacher , Michael Occhi . A freshly planted tree stands on the school 's lawn to honor the legacy of Occhi . He was killed in an accident by a drunk driver last summer . Encouraged by his high school teacher , Calle has taken up poetry . "  A lot of these teachers here helped me through hard times , " he said . "  They were always here for me . " Now , many here wonder what the legacy of the school will be next .	About 70 young people , most of them graduates of the school , demonstrated Tuesday Graduates upset by President Obama 's comments about their school Supporters say school is improving , despite the neighborhood 's many obstacles
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Office is reopening its investigation into the death of movie star Natalie Wood , who drowned in 1981 while boating off Catalina Island near the California coast , authorities said Thursday . Homicide investigators are taking a new look at one of Hollywood 's most enduring mysteries after they were contacted by people who claimed they had "  additional information " about the drowning , the sheriff 's department said in a statement . Authorities did n't provide further details late Thursday and said a news conference on the matter will be held Friday at 11 a.m.  2 p.m. ET  . Last year , the actress ' sister , Lana Wood , and the captain of the yacht on which Wood sailed with her husband , actor Robert Wagner , had asked the sheriff 's office to reopen the case . On Thursday , L.A. County Sheriff 's Deputy Benjamin Grubb could n't say whether the sister and the yacht captain have prompted the renewed investigation . "  I do n't know if that 's related , but that 's what the press conference is about tomorrow , " Grubb told CNN . Natalie Wood once said in a televised interview that her greatest fear was of dark seawater . On November 29 , 1981 , she drowned in the Pacific Ocean off the isthmus of Catalina Island . Wood 's body was found floating in the water about a mile away from the yacht . According to police reports , Wood was found wearing a long nightgown , socks , and a down jacket . The autopsy report shows Wood had two dozen bruises on her body , including a facial abrasion on her left cheek , and bruises on her arms . "  My sister was not a swimmer and did not know how to swim , and she would never go to another boat or to shore dressed in a nightgown and socks , " said Lana Wood . Although the county coroner 's office ruled that Wood 's death was an accident , others say the case has n't made sense . In 2010 , Lana Wood told CNN she believes a highly charged argument between her sister and husband on the yacht 's back deck preceded Wood 's drowning . She told CNN last year she does not suspect foul play . "  I just want the truth to come out , the real story , " she said last year . Dennis Davern , the former captain of the yacht Splendour broke his long silence with a detailed account in "  Goodbye Natalie , Goodbye Splendour , " a book he wrote with his friend Marti Rulli . It was published in September 2009 . Davern has said he believes Wood 's death was a direct result of the fight with Wagner . Lana Wood and Davern could n't be reached immediately for comment Thursday . Wagner 's publicist Alan Nierob issued a statement saying the actor 's family "  fully support the efforts of the LA County Sheriff 's Dept. and trust they will evaluate whether any new information relating to the death of Natalie Wood Wagner is valid , and that it comes from a credible source or sources other than those simply trying to profit from the 30 year anniversary of her tragic death . " Nierob said no one from the sheriff 's department has contacted Wagner or anyone in his family about the case . In a lengthy interview with CNN in 2010 , Davern said he now believes the investigation of Wood 's death was incompetent and suggested there was a cover-up . He said he regrets misleading investigators by keeping quiet at Wagner 's request . Wood and Wagner married in 1957 , divorced in 1962 , then remarried in 1972 . They often sailed their yacht off the coast of California and they invited Wood 's "  Brainstorm " co-star , Christopher Walken , to join them on a sail on Thanksgiving weekend in 1981 . Walken and Wood had been filming "  Brainstorm " at the time and the Hollywood rumor mill was abuzz with speculation that Wagner was jealous over Walken , but authorities have said Walken witnessed only the events leading up to an argument between the couple . Walken could n't be reached immediately for comment Thursday . Wagner admitted his jealousy in his book "  Pieces of My Heart , " also published in September 2009 . He acknowledged that there had been a fight with Wood , writing that he smashed a wine bottle on a table . After Wagner argued with Walken and broke the wine bottle , Wood left in disgust and went to her stateroom , Davern told CNN last year . Walken also retired to a guest room , Davern added , and Wagner followed his wife to their room . A few minutes later , Davern said , he could hear the couple fighting . Embarrassed , Davern said he turned up the volume on his stereo . At one point , Davern recalled , he glanced out of the pilot house window and saw both Wagner and Wood on the yacht 's aft deck . "  They 'd moved their fight outside ... you could tell from their animated gestures they were still arguing , " he said . A short time later , Wagner , appearing to be distraught , told Davern he could n't find Wood . Davern searched the boat but could n't find her . He noticed the rubber dinghy also was missing . Wagner shrugged and poured them both drinks , Davern said . He suggested his wife had probably gone off in a temper . Wagner 's story , as told in his book , differs from Davern 's . He maintains that after the argument with Walken , Wood went to her room and prepared for bed while he and Walken sat on the deck , cooling off . Wagner writes that he went to check on Wood , but she was n't there . He maintains that he and Davern searched the boat and noticed the dinghy was missing . Wagner wrote that he assumed his wife had gone ashore on her own . He radioed the restaurant on shore where they 'd had dinner and called the harbor master to see if anyone had seen Wood . The dinghy was found about a mile away from the yacht , and a mile from where Wood 's body was found . Wood 's first starring role was as a child in "  Miracle on 34th Street " in 1947 , and she played alongside some of Hollywood 's top leading men -- James Dean in "  Rebel Without a Cause " and Warren Beatty in "  Splendor in the Grass . " She was nominated for Oscars in both of those films , as well as for "  Love With the Proper Stranger "  1963  , according to IMDb . One of her more memorable roles was as Maria in "  West Side Story . " Wagner 's striking good looks landed him roles in dozens of films in the 1950s and '60s before he hit it big in television . He starred in two popular series , "  It Takes a Thief "  1968-70  and "  Hart to Hart "  1979-84  , and more recently as Number Two in the "  Austin Powers " spy spoofs . CNN 's Rupa Mikkilineni and David Daniel contributed to this report .	The Los Angeles County sheriff 's office reopens the case Persons with additional information have approached investigators Natalie Wood drowned off Catalina Island near Los Angeles in 1981 A news conference is scheduled for Friday morning in California
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Gunmen broke into the house of a women 's rights activist in the volatile northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk on Thursday and beheaded her , police said . Iraqi Interior Ministry troops conduct inspections at a checkpoint in the southern Iraqi city of Basra in May . The victim was identified as Nahla Hussain , the leader of the women 's league of the Kurdish Communist Party . She was alone in the house at the time of her death . It is not known what the circumstances were that led to the attack . Violence against women has been an ongoing problem in Iraq . The killing comes ahead of next month 's provincial elections , a post-Saddam era watershed event that 's generating an uptick in civil unrest and political infighting . Twenty-four officers from the interior and defense ministries were arrested this week accused of facilitating the activities of former Baathist regime members , the Iraqi prime minister 's media spokesman said Thursday . The arrests appear to have been politically motivated , a senior U.S. military official told CNN Thursday . The official said Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is believed to be behind the arrests . Iraqi Interior Ministry officials said the detained officers have links to the al-Awda party , an underground successor to Saddam Hussein 's Baath party , . The Baathist movement ruled Iraq for 35 years but was banned after Hussein was overthrown in the 2003 U.S.-led invasion of Iraq . The arrests , which were made inside and outside ministerial offices , were carried out by an elite force that reports directly to al-Maliki , according to an Interior Ministry official who spoke on condition of anonymity . Al-Maliki 's media spokesman , Yasseen Majeed , denied that report and said the arrests were made by Iraqi security forces acting on judicial arrest warrants . Majeed , al-Maliki 's military office , and Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta , spokesman for the Baghdad Operations Command told Iraqi State TV that reports of a planned coup are incorrect . Majeed said the arrests were precautionary measures . He said investigations are continuing into the suspects , who are accused of facilitating the activities of "  terrorists " and "  outlaws . " Initial reports listed arrest tolls that ranged from 20s to the 30s and said the arrested were all from the Interior Ministry , which oversees policing , border enforcement and internal security . The ministry has been criticized by Iraqi and U.S. officials for inefficiency , corruption and infiltration by Shiite militia groups during the Sunni-Shiite violence in 2006 and 2007 . According to the Interior Ministry 's spokesman , Maj. Gen. Abdul Karim Khalaf , the highest-ranking person taken into custody was a brigadier general , and the others were low-ranking officers . He said 23 officers were detained and judicial authorities were questioning them . The Interior Ministry official who spoke on condition of anonymity said at least 32 ministry employees were arrested between Monday and Wednesday . That official had no information on the reasons behind the arrests . He said at least two generals were among the arrested , and identified one as Gen. Ahmed Taha Abu Ragheef , head of the ministry 's Internal Affairs Department . Khalaf said Ragheef was not among those arrested , and Ragheef himself appeared on state TV to issue a denial . He said he took part in the investigation that led to the action . It is not yet clear how many Sunnis and Shiites were arrested in the case , but Saddamists tend to be Sunnis . Al-Maliki is a Shiite , and the government is dominated by a Shiite bloc , called the United Iraqi Alliance , and a Kurdish bloc . One knowledgeable Iraqi politician told CNN he believes this and other discord at present in Iraq , such as attacks , arrests and political infighting , stems from internal conflicts between political parties ahead of the January 31 provincial elections . The voting -- to be held in 14 of Iraq 's 18 provinces -- has been much anticipated by U.S. and Iraqi officials , who hope the election of local government officials can empower grass-roots Iraqis and give alienated Sunni Arabs more political clout . Sunnis , who had more power under Saddam than they do now , feel they have been marginalized in Iraq 's new political system , where the majority Shiite population and the Kurds have emerged as powers . Elections wo n't be held in Tameem province , where political disputes in the city of Kirkuk have yet to be resolved , and in the three Kurdish autonomous region provinces . As for the Interior Ministry , a September 2007 report assessing the status of Iraq 's security forces slammed it and the National Police , which it operates . The report by the Independent Commission on Security Forces in Iraq , called Interior "  a ministry in name only " and said it was "  widely regarded as being dysfunctional and sectarian , and suffers from ineffective leadership . " It said the National Police force has been "  operationally ineffective " and "  sectarianism in its units undermines its ability to provide security ; the force is not viable in its current form . The National Police should be disbanded and reorganized . " The Defense Ministry oversees the military . The 2007 report had promising words for the Iraqi army , special forces , navy and air force , describing them as "  increasingly effective " and "  capable of assuming greater responsibility for the internal security of Iraq . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Leader of Kurdish Communist Party women 's league killed in home Motivation for woman 's killing in Kirkuk not known Separately , officers linked to outlawed offshoot of Baath party arrested U.S military official says arrests appear to be politically motivated
CNN  -- Hundreds of people were injured in Bahrain Friday , when rival groups clashed over an attempted march in the town of Riffa , a residential area where the ruling Al-Khalifa family lives . The national health ministry said 774 people were injured and 107 were hospitalized in the wake of the fighting . Anti-government demonstrators in Riffa had planned a march . A crowd numbering roughly 8,000 set off on the march , according to Bahrain 's ambassador to the United States . But they were met by hundreds of people carrying swords , hatchets , metal pieces , cricket instruments and pieces of wood with nails hammered into them . The opposing group had already taken up positions in an effort to stop the planned march . Bahrain 's ambassador to the United States took the unusual step of commenting on the clashes in Riffa , which he called a "  sectarian conflict " between Shia and Sunni Muslim factions . Law enforcement officers had erected barbed wire fences in an attempt to ward off any fighting , Houda Ezra Nonoo said in a statement . The conflict began when small groups from opposing sides met at the security fence , she said . Accounts that claimed live ammunition was used by government forces were "  rumors , " Nonoo added . She also denied allegations that people inhaled tear gas to the point of suffocation . Only eight tear gas canisters were used to disperse the crowd , according to Nonoo 's statement . Video footage would support his version of the operation , she said . The attempted march in Riffa was organized by some of the more hard-line Shia groups among the government opposition . However , there are also moderate Shia groups and Sunni groups in the anti-government coalition . Sunni Muslims -- a minority in the kingdom -- dominate the government of Bahrain . The Shiite Muslim majority has staged protests in recent years to complain about discrimination , unemployment and corruption . Riffa is just over 12 miles  20 kilometers  southwest of the capital , Manama , where demonstrators have been protesting in Pearl Roundabout for a month . Seven people died there when security personnel tried to clear the area in mid-February . Protesters initially took to the streets of Manama to demand reform and the introduction of a constitutional monarchy . More than 500 people have been injured in Bahrain since the protest began , which human rights activists say is part of a wave of popular unrest crashing through the Arab world The Bahrain Center for Human Rights said authorities launched a clampdown on dissent in 2010 . It accused the government of torturing some human rights activists . CNN 's Tim Lister and journalist Mansoor Al-Jamri contributed to this report .	More than 700 people were injured in clashes over attempted march The clashes took place in area that is home to the Al-Khalifa ruling family Opposing crowds carried swords , hatchets , pieces of wood with nails The Bahraini ambassador to U.S. denied allegations of police force
CNN  -- Alex Ferguson was too angry to talk to the press after Manchester United 's Champions League exit , and Roberto Mancini was feeling very much the same way after a shock defeat surely ended his side 's English title defense on Saturday . Manchester City crashed 2-0 at Everton , which allowed United to march 15 points clear with just nine games to play following a functional 1-0 win over second-bottom Reading . Mancini 's ire was raised not only by a controversial refereeing decision late in the match -- mirroring Ferguson 's frustration after Nani 's red card against Real Madrid -- but also by his team 's capitulation against a side thrashed by struggling Wigan last time out in the FA Cup . Everton even had Steven Pienaar sent off with half an hour to play , but the key moment came when Marouane Fellaini 's handball inside the area was penalized with a freekick outside of it as City trailed 1-0 with four minutes left . "  He is a bit angry , as you can imagine , " Mancini 's assistant David Platt said after the match . "  He is just taking stock of the situation and calming down . He does n't want to come out here and say anything that might get him in trouble . " Platt later told City 's website : "  From where I was down on the touchline I did n't know if it was inside or not , but we quickly had a message come through to us that it was inside -- having now seen it myself , it was well inside the box , but it 's not gone for us . "  But even then we probably created enough decent chances to get something out of the game . " Everton also had an appeal for a penalty turned down when Fellaini fell , and Kevin Mirallas had an effort ruled out for offside . Even so , goals from midfielder Leon Osman and substitute Nikica Jelavic kept David Moyes ' team in sixth place , three points ahead of city rivals Liverpool with a game in hand as the club 's manager celebrated 11 years in charge . More importantly in terms of the Premier League title race , it left United in pole position to claim a record-extending 20th English crown at the expense of their bitter rivals . Ferguson made eight changes following last weekend 's FA Cup draw with Chelsea , but it was two of the players who retained their places that made the difference against managerless Reading . Center-back Rio Ferdinand charged upfield and directed the ball towards Wayne Rooney , who teed the ball up and then saw his volley balloon over goalkeeper Stuart Taylor after taking a big deflection . That 21st-minute effort -- Rooney 's 12th goal in the league this season and 16th overall -- was enough to see off a visiting team which had sacked manager Brian McDermott last Monday . Ferdinand has been called up into the England squad for the first time since 2011 , and Ferguson confirmed that the 34-year-old would be available for this month 's World Cup qualifiers against San Marino and Montenegro despite earlier expressing fears about his fitness . Ferdinand was omitted by Roy Hodgson for Euro 2012 as the coach cited "  footballing reasons " -- though it was widely reported that the United defender missed out due to the fallout from his younger brother Anton 's racism case against John Terry , who was selected for the tournament in Poland and Ukraine . "  It was n't a great performance but where we are now is not down to today , but the last six months , " Ferguson said . "  The team has shown great consistency and played a lot of great football . Our goal difference is big over City now -- 13 goals . "  The problem I 've got is a lot of players are away on international duty and play two games . They come back and then we 've got a lunchtime game against Sunderland on Saturday  March 30  and then it 's lunchtime again against Chelsea on the Monday . We have a squad to use it and that 's what we did today . " Fifth-placed Arsenal bounced back from the club 's midweek Champions League exit with a 2-0 win at Swansea . Left-back Nacho Monreal scored his first goal since leaving Spanish side Malaga on January 's transfer deadline day , and Ivory Coast forward Gervinho also netted as Arsene Wenger 's team moved to within two points of fourth-placed Chelsea -- who host London rivals West Ham on Sunday . Seventh-placed Liverpool crashed 3-1 at Southampton , who moved seven points clear of the relegation zone . West Brom could have climbed above Brendan Rodgers ' former European champions , but drew 0-0 at midtable Stoke . Aston Villa won for the second match in a row to establish a six-point buffer over the teams in the relegation zone , beating bottom club Queens Park Rangers 3-2 . In Sunday 's other matches , third-placed Tottenham will look to bounce back from successive defeats against Liverpool and Inter Milan in the London derby at home to Fulham . Third-bottom Wigan host Newcastle , while Sunderland will seek to halt a slide down the table at home to 14th-placed Norwich .	Roberto Mancini snubs media after Manchester City 's 2-0 defeat at 10-man Everton Shock loss allows Manchester United to move 15 points clear with nine games to go Mancini was angry after controversial decision denied City a late penalty Wayne Rooney scores only goal as United beat second-bottom Reading
CNN  -- The Chinese government has made life "  hell on Earth " for Tibetans during the half-century since a failed uprising against its rule in 1959 , the Dalai Lama said Tuesday . "  These 50 years have brought untold suffering and destruction to the land and people of Tibet , " the 73-year-old spiritual and political leader of Tibetan Buddhists said from exile in Dharamsala , India . "  Today , the religion , culture , language and identity ... are nearing extinction ; in short , the Tibetan people are regarded like criminals deserving to be put to death . " But Chinese officials blame the 50-year conflict on the Dalai Lama , accusing him of seeking an independent Tibet . "  The Dalai side still insists on establishing a so-called Greater Tibet on a quarter of China 's territory , " Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi told reporters last week . "  They want to drive away the Chinese armed forces on Chinese territory and ask all non-Tibetans to relocate themselves , people who have long spend their lives in that part of the Chinese territory . You call this person a religious figure ? " Yang said China 's "  contradictions " with the Dalai Lama "  is not about religious , human rights , ethnic or cultural issues but whether or not China will remain unified . " Watch a former Chinese government spokesman discuss Tibet " The Dalai Lama has repeatedly denied China 's accusations . He says he seeks genuine autonomy for the region -- not independence -- and advocates the "  Middle Way " of non-violence . The Dalai Lama has won a Nobel Prize for advocating peace and is revered as an iconic figure overseas , but the Dalai Lama has never been allowed to return to Tibet , after fleeing his homeland in 1959 . His emissaries have held sporadic talks with Chinese officials . But the talks , encouraged by the United States and other countries , have failed to break the impasse . Watch an online address by the Dalai Lama " "  Looking back on 50 years in exile , we have witnessed many ups and downs , " the Dalai Lama said . "  However , the fact that the Tibet issue is alive and the international community is taking growing interest in it is indeed an achievement . " "  I have no doubt that the justice of Tibet 's cause will prevail , if we continue to tread the path of truth and non-violence , " he said . China has ruled Tibet since 1951 , a year after sending troops to "  liberate " the region from what it said was serfdom under the Dalai Lama . China has decreed that March 28 -- the day the Dalai Lama fled into exile in India -- is to be celebrated as "  Serfs Emancipation Day . " Watch a recent history of Tibet " In recent years , the region has seen an influx of Han Chinese and other ethnic groups , enticed by business and job opportunities . Although some Tibetans have benefited from the economic expansion , others have not . China 's critics complain of "  cultural genocide " and repression of religious freedom . Resentful Tibetans say they are often treated as second-class citizens . Last March , resentment spilled over when a peaceful protest in the Tibetan capital Lhasa turned violent , as mobs burned vehicles and shops and attacked ethnic Chinese . China blames the Dalai Lama for inciting protesters -- an allegation he has denied . Tibetan exiles say more than 200 people died when Chinese security forces clamped down , but Beijing denies this , saying 22 people , mostly Chinese civilians , died during riots . Tension was high ahead of the 50th anniversary . China prohibited journalists from traveling into Tibet , but there are reports that extra security troops were deployed to the region to avert a repeat of last year 's unrest .	Dalai Lama : "  Untold suffering and destruction " brought to Tibet under Chinese rule Beijing accuses Dalai Lama of causing conflict , seeking independent Tibet Dalai says he seeks autonomy for region , not independence Tuesday marks 50th anniversary of failed uprising in Tibet against Chinese rule
CNN  -- Joe Saenz rubbed his hands together and smiled as he walked up to a Los Angeles County , California , home . His demeanor gave no clues as to what would happen next . Once in the front yard of the home , police said , he drew a gun and shot the victim several times , then in the head , execution-style . The slaying , caught on tape in October 2008 , was over drug money , police said . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Detective Traci Gonzales knew there were drug and gang ties to the slaying , so she showed the videotape to Los Angeles Police Department Detective Ron Chavarria , a veteran on the gang beat . At the time , Gonzales had no idea that videotape would break open a case that has frustrated local and federal authorities for a decade . Saenz had eluded authorities for so long , they thought he might be dead . Now , they knew Saenz , wanted in connection with four murders , a kidnapping and a rape , was still out there . Saenz is the newest person on the FBI 's Most Wanted List , after three fugitives on the list were recently caught . A member of the Cuatro Flats gang , Saenz first stepped into police crosshairs in 1998 . He was wanted for shooting and killing two rival gang members at a housing complex in the Hollenbeck area of Los Angeles . Then , he was a fresh-faced 22-year-old with a dark side . "  Just gruesome , gruesome , cold-blooded , " Chavarria said . "  Just walks right up to these guys , shoots them and then just walks over and stands over them and shoots them each in the head and casually walks away . " They knew he was dangerous , and they had to find him . "  We had pictures of him constantly on our dashboard so that there was no question if we saw this guy we knew who he was , " Chavarria said . Within days , Saenz -- also known as Jose Saenz , Louie Louie and more than two dozen other aliases -- was wanted for a third murder . Investigators said Saenz suspected the mother of his child , Sigreta Hernandez , would turn him in , so he kidnapped , raped and murdered her at his grandmother 's house . "  He leaves a note indicating that his grandmother has nothing to do with the murder and that he left the scene . And from that point on he became a fugitive for the next 10 years , " Gonzales said . FBI Special Agent Scott Garriola believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking -- crossing the border with falsified documents . "  He 's believed to be linked with the cartels in Mexico , bringing large amounts of narcotics into the Los Angeles area , Garriola said . "  And I think the reason for the last crime was a direct relationship to the cartels . " He 's eluded police for years , and has reportedly made statements that he plans to kill a police officer if they ever find him and arrest him , according to the FBI 's Most Wanted Web site . Now , authorities are hoping the video from October 2008 will help them get one step closer to the man who they say terrifies those who know him just as much as his victims . "  We heard rumors that not only citizens were afraid of him , but also his own gang members were afraid of him , " Chavarria said . The chilling video , Chavarria said , shows why Saenz is so dangerous . "  It looks like he really enjoys what he does , he enjoys killing people , " he said .	Joe Saenz wanted in connection with four murders , a kidnapping and a rape Saenz , a member of Cuatro Flats gang , reportedly kills man on video FBI believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking Saenz allegedly killed mother of his child out of fear she 'd turn him in
CNN  -- Sal Dimiceli has spent decades helping people get back on their feet . Through a local newspaper column and his nonprofit , The Time Is Now To Help , Dimiceli assists about 500 people a year with food , rent , utilities and other necessities . He concentrates most of his work in the Wisconsin area where he lives . CNN asked Dimiceli for his thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 . CNN : How does it feel to be selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Sal Dimiceli : I 'm ecstatic . I want to cry thinking that CNN and people recognize the poverty that is out there so we can help even more people . I hesitate to talk about myself . My heart is about giving , helping , not receiving . This is such a great , great honor . At the same time , the help I provide is from my desire , my heart , to ease the pain and suffering and fear of the poverty-stricken . I find myself in tears . For many years , I felt alone making money , giving it away helping the less fortunate , and now I 'm being recognized for doing what I vowed to do . I 'm in shock . I thank God and CNN for telling the world : "  Yes , something can be done . Yes , together we can make a difference . " CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean to The Time Is Now to Help ? Dimiceli : I hope it will bring an awareness of what 's going on in our great country behind closed doors and show how more than 50 million Americans are desperately suffering the pains of poverty . By showing how we are coming together , networking with people to find solutions for helping them , I pray that other areas around the U.S. will come together with their local people to make a difference . My biggest prayer is that our government will put aside their differences and exercise the simple solutions that do exist for any problem they presently have . ... The one thing I keep trying to grasp is the fact that the global news media , CNN , is recognizing the philanthropy and love all over the world and the solutions we are presenting . CNN is my hero for taking all of us to the forefront , recognizing that we are making a big difference in the world around us . CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award that you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Dimiceli : I 'm going to put that right into the charity  and  use that for immediate funding . That 's why it 's called The Time Is Now . I can never catch up with the requests for help financially . And with this recession right now , there are a lot of people in extreme desperate need . People who are homeless , we 'll help them get shelter ; people who are hungry , we 're going to feed them ; people who have utilities off , we 're going to turn them on ; people that need transportation , we 'll help fix their cars . Every penny is going to help our fellow creations in dire need , and I 'm going to do it as expeditiously as I can . We 're going to utilize all of our several hundred volunteers to make sure we can end their pain and suffering and show them there are people that care . We want to give them hope and show them that we do have a love for all people . I ca n't wait . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Dimiceli : Everything that I did to help others would not be possible if it was n't for my mother . I grew up as a little boy watching her cry through our utilities being off , of us being evicted , of us having little food , and with her pride of not letting people know . It 's because of all those tears I saw on and off for many years . If it was n't for my dear mother , I would n't be doing this . I made a promise to God at 12 years old . I 'm 60 now , and I 'm going to keep that promise for as long as I can breathe . Read the full story on CNN Hero Sal Dimiceli : A ` Dear Abby ' for the down and out	Sal Dimiceli was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2011 Dimiceli gives financial assistance to the working poor near his home People reach out to Dimiceli through a local newspaper column
CNN  -- Peter Gathungu walks more than a mile to a shopping center , where he pays a sizable sum to charge his cell phone . The solar phone is expected to be a great success in Kenya . That 's because electricity is nonexistent in Gathungu 's hometown of Njoro , in northwest Kenya . Landlines and other forms of communication are not as efficient , so Gathungu and millions of others in emerging nations rely on mobile phones . Charging the phones can be a headache in towns and villages where electricity is scarce . Gathungu 's troubles may soon be over , though . Kenya 's biggest mobile phone company , Safaricom Ltd. , launched the nation 's first solar-charged phone this month . The handset comes with a regular electrical charger and a solar panel that charges the phone using the sun 's rays , company CEO Michael Joseph told CNN by telephone . Retailing at about $ 35 , the phones were manufactured by Chinese telecommunications company ZTE Corp. . Safaricom plans to make an initial supply of 100,000 phones available . "  People are excited about these phones , " Joseph said . "  I expect to be sold out in a week . " Eco-friendly phones have been touted by several companies at global trade shows , but most have not been launched yet . Samsung unveiled a solar-powered phone at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain , earlier this year and introduced its first sun-powered phone in India in mid-June . The company expects its Solar Guru model to perform well in India , another country where electrical supply can be erratic . Unlike many technological innovations , the solar phone is making its big splash in developing nations , where the need is the greatest . After the Solar Guru is in circulation in India , Samsung said , it plans to launch similar phones in other Asian markets , Europe and Latin America . For the time being , Kenyans are happy to serve as early adopters . "  The power crisis here has been going on for ages , " Joseph said , adding that the Safaricom phone 's solar panel is small and portable , unlike charging devices some Kenyans now use . Only about 1.3 million of Kenya 's 37 million people are connected to the national electrical grid , said Migwi Theuri , a spokesman for Kenya Power and Lighting Co. . The east African nation , which gets most of its energy from hydro-generation , has been undergoing power rationing after a three-year drought . Despite the limited availability of power , Kenya has one of the most vibrant cell phone markets in Africa , analysts say . An estimated 17 million Kenyans use mobile phones . Some charge phones on bicycle-run generators , Joseph said . Or like , Gathungu , they pay businesses in major cities to charge their phones , sometimes waiting an entire day . "  There 's an enormous need for a device like this , " Joseph said of the solar phone , which can charge during talk time , as long as there are rays . "  They will continue to charge on natural light , even on cloudy days , " he added . Gathungu plans to buy one of the new environmentally friendly phones . For him , it 's a matter of money and convenience . He earns 4,000 Kenya shillings  $ 53 dollars  a month as a waiter . Charging his phone for 50 shillings  70 cents  a week adds up . The solar phone would pay for itself , Gathungu said . Until he buys one , he 'll keep making the trek to the shopping center every Sunday afternoon after church . He would n't go into further detail about his mobile phone woes , not wanting to waste his battery charge on the call .	Solar cell phone launched in Kenya this month , retailing at $ 35 per handset Country has one of the most vibrant cell phone markets but has energy rationing Safaricom expects its initial supply of 100,000 solar phones to sell out Samsung launched its solar cell phone in India in June
CNN  -- Abu Daoud , the man who claimed to be the mastermind behind the massacre that marked the 1972 Munich Olympics , has died , according to the official news agency of the Palestinian Authority . On September 5 of that year , Palestinian terrorists killed 11 Israeli athletes who were taken hostage . Daoud , also known as Mohammed Oudeh , died Friday night , the WAFA news agency reported Saturday . The former Palestinian politician and commander in the Fatah and Palestinian Liberation Organization movements was 73 . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas sent his condolences to Daoud 's family , WAFA reported . "  He wrote in his letter to his family , ` He is missed . He was one of the leading figures of Fatah and spent his life in resistance -LSB- against the occupation -RSB- and sincere work as well as physical sacrifice for his people 's just causes , ' " the news agency quoted Abbas as saying . In the early hours of the attack in Munich , eight Palestinian terrorists entered the Olympic Village in the German city . They stormed the apartments housing the Israeli athletes and took control . Hours later , the world woke up to the image of a masked man on the balcony of the Olympic Village . From the Olympic Village , the Palestinian terrorists issued ultimatums , demanding the release of 200 Arab inmates from Israeli prisons or they would start killing the athletes in Munich , one every hour . Eventually , all the Israelis , five terrorists and one German police officer were killed in what would be remembered as "  Black September . " "  The hardest part was the ultimatums , " Ankie Spitzer , wife of Israeli fencing coach Andre Spitzer , who was killed in the incident , told CNN in a 2005 interview . "  Every time , you die a little bit because you think now it 's going to happen to him . " The Games were put on hold for a few hours . In the Arab world , "  Black September " was viewed as a triumph . Weeks later , the three captured Palestinian terrorists were freed by the German government after a Lufthansa plane was hijacked in the Balkans . The men got a heroes ' welcome when they arrived in Libya . Ironically , Daoud was allowed back into the West Bank for several years by Israel , at a time in the 1990s when relations with Palestinians were improving . In 2006 -- around the release of Steven Spielberg 's "  Munich " -- he gave several interviews in which he indicated he had no regrets about the Munich attacks . "  I regret nothing , " he told Germany 's Spiegel TV . "  You can only dream that I would apologize . " Daoud also published an autobiography , giving a first-hand look at the rise of the Palestinian resistance leading up to the attack at Munich . The book is titled "  Memoirs of a Palestinian Terrorist , " as well as , "  Palestine -- A History of the Resistance Movement , by the Sole Survivor of Black September . "	Palestinian Authority news agency reports Abu Daoud dead at 73 Mahmoud Abbas sends condolences to Daoud 's family Palestinian terrorists killed 11 Israeli athletes at the 1972 Munich Olympics "  Black September " was viewed as a triumph in Arab world
CNN  -- Federal investigators have cleared controversial Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio 's office of criminal wrongdoing regarding allegations of financial improprieties . The U.S. Attorney 's Office in Arizona declined to file charges against the Maricopa County Sheriff 's office after an investigation into claims of abuse of county credit cards , misuse of funds and other financial matters . The investigation is separate from a federal civil rights lawsuit accusing Arpaio 's office of racial profiling . The federal financial probe stems from a 2010 request from Maricopa County officials for help in investigating the claims of misuse of county funds . Federal authorities acted as "  special deputy county attorneys " tasked with finding possible state charges . Last year , federal investigators declined to press charges on several of the allegations . In a letter to the Maricopa County officials Friday , the U.S. Attorney 's Office announced it will not initiate charges on two remaining claims . "  I am very happy with that , " Arpaio said at a news conference . Federal investigators "  cleared my office of any abuse of power or wrongdoing that has been going on for years , and publicized almost every week for three years by the news media and critics , " he said . Arpaio faces civil trial in alleged targeting of Latinos Arpaio , who calls himself "  America 's toughest sheriff , " has long been a controversial figure for his tough , proactive stance against illegal immigration . But critics say his methods have created a system of racial profiling . The sheriff is on trial stemming from a 2007 class-action lawsuit that alleges that his office "  launched a series of massive so-called ` crime suppression sweeps ' that show a law enforcement agency operating well beyond the bounds of the law . " The U.S. Justice Department has also filed a separate civil rights lawsuit against him . But the allegations that were dismissed by the federal investigators were of a smaller scale . One of the allegations was that the sheriff 's office misused county credit cards . The feds found that the office was not properly documenting credit card transactions , but found no evidence of stealing county funds . Another allegation was that the sheriff 's office used funds earmarked for a program to pay the salaries of officers working on other projects . Investigators concluded that while the funds indeed where shifted from one law enforcement program to another , there was no "  criminal intent . " Critics of Arpaio were displeased with the decision not to press charges , saying the sheriff clearly abused his power . "  It is a miscarriage of justice , " Pablo Alvarado , director of the National Day Laborer Organizing Network said in a statement . Arpaio said that if he had done something wrong , the federal government would n't have hesitated to bring indictments . "  I know my people do the right thing , they have a tough job , and because I 'm a high-profile guy , sometimes there 's more interest given to what we do , " he said . Who stands with Arpaio ?	Federal investigators looked into allegations of financial misconduct They declined to press charges against the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office Critics are not pleased with the decision This case is separate from a pair of racial profiling lawsuits Arpaio faces
CNN  -- RICHARD QUEST SAYS : As I headed down the mountainside after the World Economic Forum , it became clear : The theme , "  Reshaping the World , " should be attached to the event itself . I have already tweeted my personal conclusion to the forum : A missed opportunity to start a dialogue on real change . It had an overloaded agenda and too many corporate executives with no idea what they were supposed to be doing besides seeing clients and drumming up business . I do n't mean there should be fewer participants . WEF constantly reminds me the number is steady , at around 2,500 . But there are now so many advisers , spokesmen and assistants who attend , that 2,500 is multiplied many times . Access is more difficult , honesty becomes harder . To quote the musical Mary Poppins , it 's "  a ghastly mess . " It 'll always need the Big Star . This year 's was Iran President Hassan Rouhani who said nothing new , but in a very engaging way . There is nothing wrong with a Las Vegas-style headliner to draw 'em in . It 's the other "  stuff " that gets in the way . Keep it Simple . The symptoms are everywhere . Walking along the Promenade , I was horrified with the numbers of Audis , BMWs , and Mercedes causing a massive traffic jam . Limos are fine for prime ministers or presidents who need the security , but there 's no need for CEOs or executive to have one as a status symbol . The WEF provides an excellent shuttle service . If Iceland 's president Olafur Ragnar Grimsson and his wife can walk , chatting with all on the way , CEOs can too . Getting away from the corporate bubble and sycophancy is the joy of Davos . WEF should restrict the number of passes for limos in the parking lots . They need to Keep it Simple . Onto the theme itself . If any Quest Means Business writers delivered such verbose language I would send back the script . This year 's theme had merit , if anyone could get through work their way through the Davosian language . Keep it Simple ! Finally , the panels . There are too many and the format is tired . The subjects , like the theme , are often esoteric and obscure . The New Healthcare Context , Rewiring the Brain , Big History for Big Picture Thinking . These may raise interesting points , but they are just a laundry list of jargon . The Davos panel is a tired way of engaging in debate . Surely it is not beyond the wit of WEF to change . Oh , and , Keep it Simple . I realise it is de rigueur to criticize Davos . Those of us who have attended for years will nostalgically claim "  it 's not as good as it used to be . " That 's not what I am saying . The event serves a very real purpose , allowing people to think , discuss , ponder and connect . But only if it strips back the hoopla and hullaballoo and gets back to basics -- reshaping itself to accommodate new ways of doing business , not just exhorting us to do it in the real world . Does this mean that my colleague Nina dos Santos won the debate we had over whether Davos can help solve inequality ? Absolutely not . Davos is still exactly the right place to raise such issues ; it 's where the decision makers come to hear the arguments and ponder the possibilities . So , Davos , I will be back next year  if you invite me  but I suggest before you start urging us to reshape the world you look into your own soul and do a bit of reshaping yourself . NINA DOS SANTOS SAYS : In making a big push to talk about inequality , the World Economic Forum drew cries of derision from those present and absent from the Davos meetings this year . "  How can a bunch of billionaires truly understand the difference between privilege and poverty ? " asked commentators including myself . Besides , does n't discussing the wealth gap among world elites smack of hypocrisy ? And what impetus would they really have to enact change , especially if the status quo should suit them just fine ? Yet in tackling the thorny issue -- if arguably years too late -- 2014 's event did a good job of breaking down today 's disparities and examining them from a variety of angles . Because we should remember that inequality comes in many guises : From health to access to education , water and food . And then there is there 's the glass ceiling , which reared its ugly head in this year 's WEF demographics as it emerged only 15 % of participants were women today versus 17 % in 2011 . Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg bemoaned the persistence of discrimination in the workplace , alongside Christine Lagarde , the first female managing director of the International Monetary Fund . While Anne-Marie Slaughter , head of the New America Foundation , was keen to remind me it 's not just the number of women in positions of power that count , it 's their ability to have the confidence to speak up that also matters . Another prominent female delegate was Gillian Tett , who moderated a panel on "  The Shifting Middle " and explained how inequality had now broken free of its traditional emerging markets homeland and emerged as a new plague of the developed economies . The good news is that the collective conscience is finally starting to turn . But as usual , when it comes to concrete measures to fight what the WEF identifies as one of the world 's biggest risks , the fur-swaddled Davos crowd is as flaky as the snow blanketing its plush pistes . JOHN DEFTERIOS SAYS : After nearly a quarter century of covering Davos , there is a simple formula I use to measure the top story here -- look at the "  wow factor " when a leader passes through the main conference center floor . Davos 2014 belonged to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani . Rouhani marched down the staircase with an entourage of about 30 ministers , diplomats and security personnel . Then the "  Davos Moment " kicked in . Chief executives , policy makers and young global leaders stopped their conversations and peered over to the leader clad in his white turban and black cloak . Silence overcame the floor as the pack passed by . The Iranian president spoke before the Davos crowd about a new foreign policy of moderation , but there are plenty who harbor reservations about the country 's interim nuclear development agreement that eased sanctions for six months . U.S. Senator John McCain told me that Rouhani 's comments about not giving up a single centrifuge could build momentum for another sanctions bill in Congress . "  If there are more comments like that and declarations on the part of the Iranians then I think you will see some impetus behind those sanctions which would override the objections of the President ,  Obama  " he said in our interview . So this Davos benefited from being at the start of the six month agreement where policy makers and businessmen could sit face-to-face with the relatively new Iranian leadership . On the sidelines here , Rouhani reportedly held two separate meetings , one with chief executives of energy companies , the other with a wider array of business leaders from the consumer sector . The Iranian president already identified seven U.S. and European energy companies he would like to invite back . Iran is a big energy prize , with 157 billion barrels of proven reserves and the largest single gas field in the world . It 's a market of 76 million consumers , so plenty of opportunity IF a final agreement can be reached . Skeptics abound and this is the beginning of a long and pot-holed filled diplomatic road which includes the influence Iran exercises over Syria . But Davos 2014 will be remembered where the six-month trial period began in earnest . READ MORE : Richard Quest 's selfie challenge Goldie Hawn on Justin Bieber 's ` heartbreaking ' troubles Discover : How your wage compares around the world Full coverage of the World Economic Forum	CNN 's Richard Quest , John Defterios and Nina dos Santos give their views on Davos Quest argues it needs to change and "  reshape itself " before it tackles the world Dos Santos argues Davos revealed significant inequality -- in its many different forms Defterios says the star guest was Iran 's Rouhani , as judged by how he stopped the room
CNN  The California Public Utilities Commission on Thursday said it is ordering Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to pay a record $ 1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system , including the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in San Bruno in September 2010 . Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety . Of the $ 1.6 billion , $ 850 million will go to "  gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements , " the commission said . Another $ 50 million will go toward "  other remedies to enhance pipeline safety , " according to the commission . "  PG&E failed to uphold the public 's trust , " commission President Michael Picker said . "  The CPUC failed to keep vigilant . Lives were lost . Numerous people were injured . Homes were destroyed . We must do everything we can to ensure that nothing like this happens again . " The company 's chief executive officer said in a written statement that PG&E is working to become the safest energy company in the United States . "  Since the 2010 explosion of our natural gas transmission pipeline in San Bruno , we have worked hard to do the right thing for the victims , their families and the community of San Bruno , " Tony Earley said . "  We are deeply sorry for this tragic event , and we have dedicated ourselves to re-earning the trust of our customers and the communities we serve . The lessons of this tragic event will not be forgotten . " On September 9 , 2010 , a section of PG&E pipeline exploded in San Bruno , killing eight people and injuring more than 50 others . The blast destroyed 37 homes . PG&E said it has paid more than $ 500 million in claims to the victims and victims ' families in San Bruno , which is just south of San Francisco . The company also said it has already replaced more than 800 miles of pipe , installed new gas leak technology and implemented nine of 12 recommendations from the National Transportation Safety Board . According to its website , PG&E has 5.4 million electric customers and 4.3 million natural gas customers . The Los Angeles Times reported the previous record penalty was a $ 146 million penalty against Southern California Edison Company in 2008 for falsifying customer and worker safety data . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	The penalty is more than 10 times the previous record , according to a newspaper report Utility commission to force Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to make infrastructure improvements Company apologizes for explosion that killed 8 , says it is using lessons learned to improve safety
CNN  -- Ollanta Humala , a left-leaning Peruvian politician who promises reforms in education and services to the poor , was sworn in as the nation 's president Thursday . In his first address as president , Humala stressed equality , saying he wants Peru to be "  a place where everyone enjoys the same rights to abundance and happiness . " "  Economic growth and social inclusion must march together , " he said of his governing philosophy . He succeeds Alan Garcia , who oversaw a period of robust economic growth as president , but who nonetheless was unpopular and criticized for promoting business at the expense of indigenous groups and the environment . Humala , an ex-army officer who ran unsuccessfully for president in 2006 as a leftist ally of Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , reinvented himself as a more moderate leader . He calmed markets and worries that his moderation was a facade to win the election by naming a Cabinet made up of political moderates . The new president has promised to spread the benefits of Peru 's economic boom to the poor . He has cited needs to improve the nation 's infrastructure , water , sanitation and education , particularly in rural areas . A number of presidents from other Latin American countries , including Ecuador , Chile and Brazil , were on hand to witness the swearing-in ceremony . There was a small oddity during the swearing in of Humala and his two vice presidents , when they all swore allegiance to Peru 's 1979 Constitution . That document , however , was replaced in 1993 by a new one drafted during the presidency of strongman Alberto Fujimori . Humala defeated Fujimori 's daughter , Keiko , to win the presidency . The slap at the current Constitution resulted in boos and shouts from members of Fujimori 's party . Several times in his speech , Humala talked about the importance of unity . "  Reality requires a new social contract that makes it possible for all Peruvians to live together , " he said . He added that he wants "  to be seen as a defender of human rights and of freedom of the press and expression . " Other leftist leaders in Latin America , such as Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa and Venezuela 's Chavez , have been criticized by press freedom organizations for clamping down on the media . Humala promised change , but warned that it would not be as swift as his critics fear , or as some of his supporters desire . To be lasting , he said , "  any changes must be gradual and rational . " In another minor controversy , the outgoing president , Garcia , did not attend the swearing-in ceremony to pass the presidential sash to his successor . Garcia , who was also president in a disastrous term from 1985 to 1990 , was booed and heckled by Congress when he bid farewell . According to local media , he decided not to attend this time to avoid another round of heckling .	NEW : Peru 's new president stresses equality Humala is a former army officer He is a leftist who has moderated his stance He promises to spread the benefits of Peru 's economic boom to the poor
As Beijing touts a high-profile crackdown on corruption , experts say it should look south to Hong Kong as an example of a Chinese territory that has succeeded in cutting out the rot . Four decades ago , Hong Kong was one of the most corrupt cities in the world , according to anti-corruption organization Transparency International . "  I would compare Hong Kong -LSB- in the 1970s -RSB- to Argentina today , " said Ran Liao , the group 's senior program coordinator . Transparency International has only been publishing its Corruption Perceptions Index since 1995 but , had data on Hong Kong been available at the time , Liao said it would have rated at a similar levels not only to Argentina , but Gabon and Tanzania . According to its latest Corruption Perceptions Index , all three countries score a lowly 35 out of 100 , on a sliding scale from 0  "  highly corrupt "  to 100  "  very clean . " Hong Kong , meanwhile , earns 77 out of 100 , placing it at number 14 of 176 countries ; meaning it 's perceived as slightly more corrupt than Germany  13  but less corrupt than the United Kingdom  17  and the United States  19  . How did Hong Kong clean up its act ? Change came to the former British colony following mass street protests after Peter Godber , the then police superintendent , fled the territory while being investigated for alleged corruption . The outcry led to the formation of the Independent Commission Against Corruption , a government body with wide investigative powers . But the changes were n't only aimed at officials . "  They adopted a three-pronged approach , that means punishment , education and prevention , " Liao said . The education starts at local kindergartens , where characters created by ICAC present children with ethical dilemmas and stories where the honest one always wins . "  We do n't teach them about the laws but we teach them about the values , " said Monica Yu , executive director of the Hong Kong Ethics Development Centre , an ICAC division . Hong Kongers ` will never tolerate corruption ' Two generations after adopting this approach against skirting the rules , Yu says there 's evidence of a major cultural shift in the attitude of the local Chinese population . "  We measure the tolerance level of the people to corruption , from a scale of zero to 10 . Zero means total intolerance and 10 means total tolerance . For the last decade or so , the average was 0.8 , 0.7 or so , " Yu said . And this drew Yu to the following conclusion : "  Nowadays in Hong Kong , people will never tolerate corruption . " She says the lack of tolerance for rule-breaking reinforces ethical behavior , both in private and public spheres , as violators are named and shamed by their peers . "  Very often people would come forward to ICAC to report corruption , whenever they suspected there was a case . That 's a big difference compared with before the ICAC was set up , " Yu said . Liao agreed . "  Before the ICAC there was nobody to think about such a comprehensive way to fight against corruption , " he said . When jail is the only remedy for corruption it shows there 's another problem : there 's no real fight against it . "  Punishment means you have committed the misconduct , " Liao said . "  Prevention is very important , -LSB- the ICAC -RSB- talks to different sectors , for example , the banking and the construction sectors . " The ICAC publishes guidelines for business and tries to identify operations with high potential risks . The institution also organizes events to talk about these issues and push the prevention agenda in the business and government sectors . In that process , employees are told how and to whom to report suspected wrongdoing . How corrupt is China ? The distaste for corruption in Hong Kong contrasts with the situation in China , which ranks just below Sri Lanka in the Corruption Perception Index -- sharing 80th place with Serbia and Trinidad and Tobago in the ranking of 176 countries . Its low placing is unlikely to change anytime soon , Liao said . "  In China now , most of the corrupt officials would compete to see whoever received more bribes . " The traditional giving of cash-filled red envelopes during festivals and special occasions has expanded to encompass paying officials for favors , a practice denounced recently by mainland Chinese state media . Nor will China 's recent well publicized conviction of former high-flying politician Bo Xilai on corruption charges change day-to-day realities , said Liao , because stamping out corruption is not simply a legal issue . "  Even today , many of the country 's top leaders think fighting corruption means putting people in jail , " Liao said . "  People in Hong Kong would take it as shameful to receive bribes , " said Liao . China needs "  a society-wide change in values , " he added .	40 years ago , corruption was rife in Hong Kong , experts say Now it 's considered one of the least corrupt territories in the world China , however , rates poorly on the index by Transparency International It 's in 80th place on the Corruption Perceptions Index , near Serbia and Trinidad and Tobago
Washington  CNN  -- Actor Laurence Fishburne is visibly moved when asked to read an excerpt of remarks made more than a half-century ago by the man he now portrays onstage , the legendary Thurgood Marshall . The NAACP attorney was arguing before the U.S. Supreme Court in 1958 over whether Little Rock , Arkansas , officials essentially had to follow the order of the courts to desegregate its schools . Marshall , a sharp lawyer , turned the tables on the all-white bench , making the issue not about black students seeking equality but about society 's larger civic responsibilities . "  Education is not the teaching of the three Rs . Education is the teaching of the overall citizenship . To learn to live together with fellow citizens , and above all , to learn to obey the law , " Marshall told the court . "  I worry about the white children in Little Rock who are told as young people that the way to get your rights is to violate the law and defy the lawful authorities . I am worried about their future . I do n't worry about those Negro kids ' future . They 've been struggling with democracy long enough , they know about it . " Fishburne commands the stage as the first African-American on the Supreme Court in a new one-man play "  Thurgood " for a one-month engagement at the Kennedy Center in Washington . "  Powerful stuff , " he said about hearing Marshall 's own words in the rarely heard audio argument of Cooper v. Aaron . The 48-year-old actor thoroughly researched this role , but he was unaware of this all-but forgotten chapter in Marshall 's colorful life . "  Before I read the script for ` Thurgood ' , I knew nothing about Thurgood Marshall , " he said , sitting comfortably in a lounge just off the Eisenhower Theater . "  He was a very , very funny man . He was also a very serious man when it came time to be serious . I think he understood there was a time and a place for all kinds of behavior from human beings , and he indulged in those things at the appropriate times , " laughing loudly . It takes a good man with an unwavering dose of self-confidence to stand alone on a stage for 90 minutes straight , and portray a giant of American history . Fishburne offers a little secret to making it work . "  The wonderful thing about this piece even though it 's a one-man show , I have a scene partner . My scene partner is the audience , " he said . "  So that makes it really important for me to be paying attention and seeing how people respond . " Fishburne has won a Tony , an Emmy and was nominated for an Academy Award . The actor currently stars as a forensic investigator in "  CSI " on CBS . He first did the role of Marshall on Broadway two years ago . After this Washington engagement , he takes "  Thurgood " to Los Angeles and the Geffen Playhouse . The creator of the show is George Stevens Jr. , who wanted to have Marshall "  make the case for himself , " with just one actor onstage . "  One-hundred years after the end of slavery in the 1950s , he comes around and lives in a segregated society where people ca n't go to lunch counters , schools , swimming pools , all of that discrimination , housing , " Stevens said . "  And decides that you can use the law to change it . And that was such an act of imagination . And that gives purpose to the play , but it is his sense of humor . His sense of narrative throughout his life ; Marshall was a storyteller . And that gives us so much to work with . " An example in the play has Fishburne as Marshall talking to his critics in the 1980s who thought he should leave the bench . "  They said I was too old , too liberal , too tipsy , " says the character . "  I 'd tell them , I accepted a lifetime appointment . I 'm staying for life . I expect to die at the age of 110 . Shot by a jealous husband ! " which prompts huge laughter . The play recounts through stories and anecdotes the remarkable journey of Marshall , who was born in 1908 and grew up in segregated Baltimore , Maryland . He was rejected from the University of Maryland law school because he was black , but after graduating from Howard University at the head of his class , he became chief counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund and won 29 of 32 cases argued before the high court . He later joined that bench in 1967 , retiring in 1991 . He died in 1993 . Marshall was in the news recently when President Barack Obama nominated the justice 's former law clerk Elena Kagan to the Supreme Court . Kagan recalled Marshall playfully called her "  Shorty " during her 1988-89 clerkship . Fishburne was not the first choice to play the role . Stevens had produced a 1991 television miniseries based on the landmark Brown v. Board case that ended public segregation . Marshall was played then by Sidney Poitier , who backed out of the current project . So did actor James Earl Jones . But Stevens and director Leonard Foglia saw something in Fishburne . "  He 's a compelling actor . And he 's of an age which I originally thought was perhaps too young to do this part , " said Stevens . "  But I learned the opposite -- he can come out as the older Thurgood Marshall . And when he goes back in memory to his younger days , he has the vitality that brings that alive . So he 's just a wonderful choice for this role . " Dressed in comfortable red sneakers , light khakis and a casual blue shirt , Fishburne said the role is one of the greatest acting challenges he has ever faced . "  It 's all there , " he said of Marshall , whom he never met . "  I mean , we deal with his flaws and we deal with his strengths , we deal with his history , we deal with his disappointments as well as his victories . So , it 's all there . It 's all there in the show . Warts and all . " The actor said it helped that Marshall was a master storyteller , who combined wit with a touch of lingering bitterness over how he was treated as a black man . The story Stevens and Fishburne weave is more than a history lesson about race , but both men said Marshall 's humanity makes it instantly relatable to a wide audience . "  It is a uniquely American life , " Fishburne said . "  The last thing that he says in the play , he quotes -LSB- poet -RSB- Langston Hughes , and he says ` America will be . ' This is a work in progress , that this is the great experiment . And it is . And that we all have a stake in it . That we are all sort of in a way responsible for realizing it . Whether we accept that responsibility or not , the fact of the matter is we 're all here together . "	Laurence Fishburne portrays Thurgood Marshall in one-man play in Washington Fishburne also played late Supreme Court justice two years ago on Broadway Show 's creator : "  Marshall was a storyteller . And that gives us so much to work with " Actor calls portrayal -- "  warts and all " -- one of his greatest acting challenges
CNN  -- Actress Angelina Jolie is missing the premiere of her own film Unbroken because she says she has been diagnosed with chickenpox . She made the announcement in a video in which pink spots were visible on her face , neck and upper body . "  I just wanted to be clear and honest about why I will be missing the ` Unbroken ' events in the next few days , which is that I found out last night that I have chickenpox . So , I will be home itching and missing everyone . And I ca n't believe it 'cause this film means so much to me , " she says in the video published to Universal Studios Entertainment 's verified Facebook page on Friday . Chickenpox is a highly contagious disease . It is caused by the varicella zoster virus . Babies who do n't get vaccine still benefit The virus causes an itchy blister-like rash that can be dangerous , particularly for people who get it late in life . It is an airborne virus , so that means it can spread by breathing in the virus particles that come from the chicken pox blisters . Chickenpox has become more rare since so many children have been vaccinated for it . The vaccine first became available in 1995 . Prior to availability of the vaccine , about 4 million people would catch it each year , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . About 100 to 150 died each year . More than half of those deaths involved adults . For adults who get chickenpox , there can be more serious complications like pneumonia . It can also be more severe for infants who get it . For most people , especially for otherwise healthy children , it is a mild disease . Other symptoms include a loss of appetite , headache , tiredness and fever . Angelina Jolie fascinating photograph If you 've been vaccinated for it you should be immune . Typically , children get a first round of the vaccine when they are 12 to 15 months old . They get a second dose between the age of 4 and 6 . If you 've had chickenpox before , you should have immunity for life . If you have n't had it , and you have n't been vaccinated , it is not too late . The CDC suggests even as an adult you should talk to your doctor about getting the vaccine .	Actress Angelina Jolie will miss her premiere due to a case of the chickenpox It 's good that she is staying home since the virus is highly contagious Spreads by air ; dangerous to adults who have n't had it before or who have n't been vaccinated
CNN Student News  -- December 16 , 2013 Reports from Africa , Europe , and the moon land in CNN Student News ' last Monday edition of 2013 . We also report on the meeting of two , 107-year-old U.S. veterans , and we look at a debate concerning a California community 's Christmas tradition . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : If you were to interview World War II veterans for a news report , what questions would you ask them ? What do you think would be of greatest interest to a news audience ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . South Africa 2 . World War II veterans 3 . lunar rover Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Describe the scene near Nelson Mandela 's burial site . Why was this site significant ? What did people there say about Mandela and South Africa ? 2 . What country 's "  Jade Rabbit " spacecraft recently landed on the moon ? 3 . What different perspectives were seen in today 's report about unrest in Ukraine ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why might U.S. Sen. John McCain 's trip to Ukraine be significant ? What potential benefits and risks might accompany a U.S. lawmaker 's showing of support for protesters in another nation ? 2 . What do you think might be some of the benefits and challenges of exploring the moon ? What questions might need to be answered to determine whether lunar mining is feasible ? 3 . What is your opinion of one group 's effort to change the name of the La Jolla Christmas Parade ? What is your opinion of the parade organizer 's response ? Why do you think that the name of this celebration is significant to both sides ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Africa South Africa Europe Ukraine North America Austin , Texas ; La Jolla , California FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Summer excursions seem out of reach to many struggling young professionals , and the faltering economy is n't helping . But one New York City company , offering trips aimed at the young and thrifty , is capitalizing on the urbanite 's desire to get away -- and finding success despite the downturn . A group of Urban Escapes NYC hikers stops for a snack during an expedition in New York 's Harriman State Park . As a slightly broke young professional myself , with a taste for adventure but living in a very expensive city , the idea behind Urban Escapes NYC was intriguing . The company offers an array of activities -- from short hiking , sky diving or canoeing trips to international journeys that combine various activities . On the company 's user-friendly Web site , I scrolled through the offerings . There were trips ranging from one-day hiking or fruit-picking excursions priced at around $ 60 to $ 800 weeklong international expeditions . The average trip includes ground transportation , the cost of the activity , guide fees , equipment rental and meals . Jumping out of planes put the company 's founder and CEO , Maia Josebachvili , 25 , on the path to becoming a business owner . While attending Dartmouth College , Josebachvili developed a passion for sky diving . To pay for the pricey dives , she began to lead trips for her friends and her friends ' friends . Soon she realized that the people she was guiding were outside of her original social network , and an idea began to emerge . After graduating from Dartmouth and working as a trader on the New York Stock Exchange , Josebachvili decided working in the concrete jungle was not for her . At 24 , Josebachvili started a business out of something she had been doing for years during college -- leading outdoor adventure trips . The company launched in early 2008 , just months before the economy tanked . "  I started to wonder if this is really going to work , " Josebachvili said . But with trips designed with budget and value in mind , the suffering economy did not stunt the business . Josebachvili said the company was able to break even within six months . The business relies on social networking avenues for promotion , and word spread rapidly . It also quickly developed a reputation as a great way to meet people and make new friends . "  I was the market , " Josebachvili explains , "  My friends were the market . Anyone just out of college working on Wall Street did n't have the time to plan and research the trips . There is no shortage of those kinds of people in New York . " After perusing the site , I rather nervously picked a $ 59 six-mile hike . This may not sound so cheap , but after factoring in the planning of the trip , transportation , gas , experienced guides and a post-hike discount at a local restaurant , the value becomes apparent . I had n't been hiking in years and still am sadly out of shape . My imagination ran wild with images of young , sporty folks racing up high peaks as I huffed and puffed behind . Terrifying . After a rainy start to the morning , our upbeat guides for the day , director Bram Levy and guide Roget Lerner , drove a group of 12 north of the city to Harriman State Park . They encouraged us to get to know each other and joked that we would be quizzed on it later . Waiting to get into the van , I asked a man standing next to me why he was on the trip . "  I moved from San Francisco a year ago , " public relations professional Michael Lindenberger said . "  I need some trees . " After an hourlong drive , we arrived at our hiking destination . Levy and Lerner checked our sneakers , water supply and told us a bit about how the day was going to unfold . And then we began the hike . Throughout the day , there was lots of laughing , squealing and helping each other over rocks and through slick patches of mud . I was surprised how quickly a team mentally developed among the group . We were all strangers , but after a day of hiking , I knew everyone 's name , profession and a good deal more . And this was no accident -- the guides were deliberately networking and bonding us together . Jen Badali , a city transit planner , was on her third trip with Urban Escapes . "  I went by myself my first hike , " she said . "  It was fun to get away and do something different . " She said she still keeps in touch with people she met on the other excursions . "  I made some good friends out of it , " she said . At the end of the day , sweaty , sore and smiling , I realized why Urban Escapes NYC was defying the recession . With a plethora of affordable outdoor excursions , cheerful guides and a youthful mindset , the company was the ideal destination for an urban professional with a slim wallet .	Urban Escapes NYC offers trips aimed at the young and thrifty Day trips out of New York start at about $ 60 ; company also offers trips abroad Urban Escapes NYC founder , 25 , was a stock trader before starting company The company was able to break even within six months , founder says
CNN  -- E. Lynn Harris , the author who introduced millions of readers to the "  invisible life " of black gay men , was a literary pioneer whose generosity was as huge as his courage , friends said Friday . E. Lynn Harris touched fans with his courage and his kindness , friends say . Harris , 54 , died Thursday night while on a business trip to Los Angeles , California , said Laura Gilmore , his publicist . Harris wrote a series of novels that exposed readers to characters rarely depicted in literature : black , affluent gay men who were masculine , complex and , sometimes , tormented . Keith Boykin , an author and friend , said Harris encouraged the black community to talk openly about homosexuality . "  We have a ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' policy in the black community , " Boykin said . "  E. Lynn Harris encouraged people to ask and to tell . " How Harris broke ground In books like "  Invisible Life , " "  A Love of My Own , " and his New York Times best-selling memoir , "  What Becomes of the Brokenhearted , " Harris virtually invented a new genre : books that depicted black gay men living double lives . Though Harris wrote primarily about black gay men , some of his biggest fans were black women . His books became staples in black beauty salons , bookstores and book clubs . "  It was hard to go on a subway in places in New York or D.C. and not see some black woman reading an E. Lynn Harris novel , " Boykin said . Harris was an unlikely literary pioneer . He was a former IBM executive who decided to write about his life . He started off in 1991 selling books from the trunk of his car to African-American beauty salons and bookstores . He eventually became one of the nation 's most popular writers with an estimated 4 million of his books in print . Tina McElroy Ansa , author of "  Taking After Mudear , " met Harris at the beginning of his literary career when he was selling his first book "  Invisible Life . " She said they were both so poor they only had enough money to buy each other 's book . Ansa said she took Harris ' "  Invisible Life " home and was stunned by the time she reached page 20 . She came across a scene where Harris depicted two black men playing in the snow with one another . She immediately dropped the book , called Harris and told him she had never read such a scene before . "  I had never seen homosexual love in African-American men portrayed that way , " she says . "  It was playful , loving , and it was n't hidden . " Years later , when Harris became successful , he thanked Ansa for her early encouragement . "  He gave me a string of pearls , " Ansa said . In 2000 , Harris told the magazine Entertainment Weekly how important "  Invisible Life " was for him . " When I wrote "  Invisible Life , " it had to be the first book out of me -- it helped me to deal with my own sexuality , " Harris said . " ` For me , my 20s and early 30s were spent just hiding and running , because there was no one to tell me that my life had value and the way I felt was okay . " Standing room only at his book events "  It 's heartbreaking ; he had such a generous spirit , " said Tananarive Due , author of "  Blood Colony . " "  When I was just starting out , he flew me to an event out of his own pocket and put me up just because he thought more people should know my work , " Due said . Harris was as generous with his fans as he was with his friends , some said . They describe an author who held dinner parties for aspiring writers at his home , loved meeting and hugging fans at book readings , and never seemed to let his fame change him . "  You could get trampled at an E. Lynn Harris reading , " Ansa said . "  People loved him . " Due said Harris would answer up to 200 e-mails from his fans each day . She said Harris had been a cheerleader in college "  and a spirit of joy followed him through his life . " "  He genuinely loved being around people and remembered names , " Due said . "  I remember seeing him at an event in Florida , and one woman in the crowd raised her hand and he said , ` Oh , Mary , you were here for my hardcover book signing . ' " Nonetheless , Harris had his share of personal pain . He was born in Flint , Michigan , and grew up in Little Rock , Arkansas . In his 2003 memoir , he wrote about enduring abuse by his stepfather and an attempted suicide in 1990 . And he had critics . Some said Harris was a mediocre writer who stumbled on a winning literary formula . Boykin says Harris was stung by some of the criticism . "  He always said ` I 'm not a James Baldwin , ' " Boykin said , referring to the openly gay black author from the 1960s . "  He was writing accessible literature for the masses . " Boykin said Harris received most of his criticism not from outraged straight critics , but people within the black community . "  He was hurt by some of the criticism from some black gay men who felt he was n't portraying them accurately and others who thought he was telling too much , " Boykin said . In a 2003 Detroit Free Press interview , Harris said he resisted becoming an advocate for gay rights . "  It 's such a small part of who I am , " he said . "  It 's what I do when I 'm with my partner that puts this label on me . Most of my friends are straight . I tend to have a regular life , if you will . " Due said there has traditionally been a lot of pain associated with homosexuality in the black community . Harris took a little of that pain away with his life and his books . "  He really helped let the air in , " Due said . "  He helped us all breathe a little better . "	Pioneering author broke taboos in the black community Harris created a new genre in black literature Private struggles led to literary success Author : ` He helped us all breathe a little better "
CNN  -- You probably know him best from season 11 of "  The Biggest Loser . " But trainer Brett Hoebel is more than just a temporary Jillian Michaels replacement . The martial arts expert has a background in biomedical science and uses his knowledge of Western and Eastern fitness disciplines to train celebrities from Victoria 's Secret supermodels Karolina Kurkova and Doutzen Kroes to rap artist Q-Tip . When he 's not sweating with A-listers , Hoebel is traveling abroad to teach his favorite workout , capoeira . This mix of martial arts and dance was created by slaves in Brazil and uses participants ' body weight to tone and strengthen . "  It 's different -- that 's why I like it , " Hoebel says . "  You know , it 's like I can out-swagger in capoeira . Having swagger lifting ? Uh , kind of . But I can really put my signature and personality and my stance on my capoeira . You 're going to know you 're doing it with Brett . " Hoebel 's also a judge on the online reality show "  Fit or Flop , " where contestants compete to be the next big celebrity fitness trainer . He took a break on set to speak with CNN about the show , the art of motivation and our biggest nutrition downfall . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : Why did you join "  Fit or Flop " ? Brett Hoebel : I think the fitness industry needs something like this . I think this is a great way to motivate  new trainers  and get them inspired and actually learn how to better themselves , not only as a personality but also as a business and a marketable commodity . Truck driver dances off 97 pounds CNN : Is there anything on the show that you 've really been shocked by or impressed by ? Hoebel : Definitely shocked . I think there 's definitely been more newbies coming in that really have no clue about what they have to offer . What we 're judging is on five categories : the concept , marketability , user base , personality and star power . And a lot of people come in and do not have a concept . They do n't have any idea what the brand is , or they do n't have a name chosen out for it . That , to me , is pretty shocking . If you 're going to step up in the auditioning process for a show like this and want to get chosen as the next fitness star with a $ 150,000 grand prize , you 've got to really come in with a clear  idea  . So it 's been a little frustrating . CNN : World Health Day is April 7 , and the theme this year is hypertension . What can people do to prevent high blood pressure ? Hoebel : Foods that are high in sodium or salt are some of the things that you really have to control . Anything that 's packaged , especially meats , are generally going to be higher in sodium . So you really should try to eat fresh foods . It may take a little more time to prepare the foods , but you 're guaranteed to have a lot less sodium . I generally , with my clients , try to stick under 1,000  milligrams  a day . If you look at some ingredients , let 's say on a ramen noodle thing , it 's got 1,000  milligrams  just in one serving . So you 've got to read food labels . Something that a lot of people do n't realize too is  that  sugar can retain a lot of water in the body , and that can affect your blood pressure . Worst fast-food meals for sodium CNN : What are some of the biggest traps for sodium ? Hoebel : If you really want to be low-sodium , you have to prepare your food . Salt is one of the flavors that makes food taste good -- salt , sugar and fat . So it 's a natural thing for all chefs and cooks to add salt , because it enhances the flavor of the food . If you go out to eat , I guarantee you 're going to be eating a lot of salted foods that you are going to have no idea . How are you going to read a food label on a plate of food that 's handed to you at a diner ? You ca n't . The new restaurant fat traps CNN : You were all about tough love on "  The Biggest Loser . " Is that still your style ? Hoebel : Put it this way : I think when it comes to love , you 've got to give love and you got ta give tough love . So my philosophy is if somebody does a great job , you have to commend them , give them a fist bump , congratulate them . They gave you a good effort and it 's positive reinforcement . But if they 're slacking , I am definitely going to call them out on it . I 'm going to be their accountability , in their ear until they stop doing it . CNN : High-intensity interval training is all the rage . What is it about HIIT sessions that really work ? Hoebel : When you do these types of intense workouts , they cause a big metabolic disturbance in your body . Think of race car driving -- there 's the normal race car and then they have the little nitrous oxide switch that turns on the turbo . You do n't need  the turbo  when you 're taking , like , a Zumba class . But now think about doing sprints on a hill . You can not do those for an hour like you can in a Zumba class because the intensity is too high . You 're not doing aerobic training , you 're doing anaerobic training . In anaerobic training , the body tends to have to call on the nitrous oxide because the intensity is so hard it needs the extra boost .  That  causes a big disturbance in the system . As a result , when you 're trying to get your metabolism back to normal , it does n't happen for free . It takes energy to do that , and it takes calories . And that 's what you want . You want to be burning calories after you work out . The problem becomes for most people -- it 's not pleasant , it 's painful . You have to have the pain tolerance to be able to deal with that , which a lot of people do not . CNN : What 's the biggest weight loss or fitness obstacle you see people encounter ? Hoebel : Really , No. 1 is diet . Most people want to think it 's a fitness thing or a nutrition regimen , and I 'm like , it 's a mental and emotional thing . We are in a society where we 're exposed to food so much of the time , and what people do n't realize is that food is a drug . Chemicals make up drugs ; chemicals make up food . Food is the most over-prescribed drug we have today . Food is a lot of people 's therapy -- when we say comfort food , we really mean that . It 's releasing dopamine and serotonin in your brain that makes you feel good . And as you  indulge  more and more and more , it can become a little bit addictive . After you do that for too long , it can no longer be a choice -- you really change the physical structure of your brain and it 's going to be harder to quit . But  the food addiction is only part of it . The emotional issues are the deeper thing , and if you do n't fix that , it 's just not going to work . Journaling helps woman lose half her body weight CNN : How do you get clients over mental barriers ? Hoebel : I think what I try to do with everyone is build self-confidence and accountability . You want people to be self-motivating , in a sense . If you can build accountability and confidence in people , the little switch will go on inside of them . They 're going to show up on time . Their diet is going to change . But how you do that -- that is the art form . That 's the emotional intelligence you have to have . You have to ask the right questions . These are the intangibles you ca n't necessarily teach trainers or motivators . Ironman champ : Your mind matters more CNN : What 's your weakness ? You have to have at least one . Hoebel : Peanut butter -- I ca n't even buy peanut butter anymore . I had to switch to powdered peanut butter because it 's less calories , but that 's definitely one of my big vices . CNN : Any last piece of advice for our readers ? Hoebel : If I could give one tip for people -- it 's not an exercise or nutrition regimen . It 's to walk your talk and believe in yourself , because at the end of the day , the dumbbell and diet do n't get you in shape . It 's your accountability to your word .	Brett Hoebel loves mixed martial arts like capoeira and muay thai kickboxing Hoebel has trained celebrities such as Victoria 's Secret supermodel Karolina Kurkova The trainer is now a judge on the online reality show "  Fit or Flop "
Jurors hearing the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial got a stark look at the dead pop icon after a lawyer showed them an autopsy photo . Jackson 's unclothed corpse lying on a coroner 's table looked nothing like the world 's most famous entertainer . The doctor who conducted Jackson 's autopsy will return to the witness stand Wednesday . On Tuesday , jurors are hearing from another doctor in the trial to decide whether concert promoter AEG Live shares blame in Jackson 's death with Dr. Conrad Murray . The witness on the stand Tuesday is cardiologist Dr. Daniel Wohlgelernter , who is offering expert analysis of Murray 's skills and decisions . Murray was not the "  appropriate physician " for AEG to hire as Jackson 's tour doctor because he was a cardiologist and not trained to treat the singer 's special needs , Wohlgelernter testified . "  Michael Jackson had a history of substance abuse , addiction to medications and sleep disturbance , " he said , not heart or cardiovascular problems . Murray 's agreement to close down his Las Vegas clinic to work full time for Jackson created a conflict , he said . The agreement said Murray could lose his job if the tour was delayed or canceled . "  It meant that Dr. Murray was entirely dependent on the continuation of the tour for his income , " he said . Much of what jurors heard for the first time from Dr. Christopher Rogers Monday is a repeat of the scientific evidence presented in the trial of Murray , who is now serving a prison sentence for involuntary manslaughter . But some of what is in the coroner 's report seems to give more insight into Michael Jackson 's life rather than how he died . Rogers noted in his autopsy report that Jackson 's lips were tattooed pink , while his eyebrows were a dark tattoo . The front of his scalp was also tattooed black , apparently to blend his hairline in with the wigs he wore . The autopsy confirmed what Jackson told people who questioned why his skin tone became lighter in the 1980s . Jackson had "  vitiligo , a skin pigmentation disease , " Rogers said . "  So , some areas of the skin appear light and others appear dark . " Debts , drugs , messy bedroom highlighted in Jackson trial Jackson lawyer Michael Koskoff made sure the jury heard that , even though it had nothing to do with how he died . Jackson 's mother and three children are suing AEG Live , contending the company that was promoting his "  This Is It " shows was liable for his death because of the negligent hiring , retention and supervision of Murray . AEG Live argues that Jackson chose Murray as his tour doctor and that the company had no way of knowing he was using the surgical anesthetic propofol to put the singer to sleep each night . Rogers concluded that a propofol overdose killed Jackson , although several sedatives Murray gave him that morning contributed to his death . Los Angeles coroner 's toxicologist Dan Anderson , who studied the drugs in Jackson 's body , testified Monday that the level of propofol found in Jackson 's body was "  consistent with major surgery anesthesia . " Propofol is a dangerous drug when not used properly , he said . Money woes may have led Murray to ` break the rules , ' detective says The Los Angeles coroner 's office found 31 deaths in the last 14 years in which propofol was found in a body , including six suicides committed by medical personnel -- doctors , nurses and anesthesiologists -- who chose the drug to end their lives , Anderson said . There have also been several homicides with propofol , including "  a mercy killing " in a hospital , he testified . If not for his death by propofol , Jackson 's health appeared good enough for him to live a normal lifespan , Rogers testified . "  There was no indication from the autopsy that there was anything anatomically wrong with him that would lead to premature death , " Rogers said . He had no signs of being addicted to street drugs , such as needle marks or disease , he said . That testimony is important for the Jackson case , because if the jury decides that AEG is liable in his death , his expected lifespan will be key to calculating damages . Jackson lawyers will contend that he would have made billions of dollars in his remaining years through several more world tours , merchandizing , recording and movies .	Conrad Murray was the wrong doctor for Michael Jackson , expert says Doctor who did autopsy confirms Jackson had "  vitiligo , a skin pigmentation disease " If not for death by propofol , Michael Jackson could 've lived a normal lifespan , doctor says Jurors are shown Michael Jackson 's unclothed corpse spread out on a coroner 's table
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Boston trolley operator killed in a crash last year likely had a sleep disorder and fell into a "  micro-sleep " shortly before the collision , the National Transportation Safety Board ruled Tuesday . Since last year 's trolley crash in Boston , Massachusetts , there has been another incident on the same line . The safety board , completing a 14-month investigation , faulted operator Ter ` rese Edmonds for ignoring a red signal along the tracks but directed harsh criticism at the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority which operates the train system . The transit authority failed to screen operators for sleep disorders while enforcing a work schedule that could prevent train operators from getting enough sleep , the NTSB said . The NTSB 's conclusion that Edmonds fell asleep is partly conjecture , the board acknowledged . Edmonds , a part-time trolley operator , had an opportunity for adequate sleep the day of the wreck , although investigators were not able to determine her sleep history . In addition , Edmonds had been given a break earlier in the day , had not complained to co-workers about fatigue and was found to be free of drugs and alcohol . "  We can not say for certain that she did have it  sleep apnea  , " board member Dr. Mitch Garber said . But the NTSB concluded there was a "  high likelihood " that Edmonds had an undiagnosed sleep disorder , largely because she was obese and because tests showed she had taken doxylamine , an ingredient commonly found in sleep aids , suggesting she had trouble sleeping during at least one of the nights leading up to the accident . In addition , there is a lack of other evidence to explain why Edmonds failed to slow or stop the train , the board concluded . Tests showed that the stopped train could be seen at a distance of 764 feet , and that "  there were multiple opportunities to slow and stop this  advancing  train , " NTSB investigator Wayne Workman said . "  There was not any evidence that brakes were applied . " Edmonds ' westbound train was traveling at 38 mph when it struck the other train , which was traveling at 3 mph in the same direction . An estimated 185 to 200 passengers were on the two trains during the collision in the Boston , Massachusetts , suburb of Newton . Damage was estimated at $ 8.6 million . The board also noted that the MBTA had not installed systems on its Green Line to prevent two trains from occupying the same stretch of track , the NTSB said . The systems , known as "  positive train control " systems , would have prevented the accident , the safety board said . One year after the fatal accident , more than 50 people were injured in another accident on the same line . The Boston accident highlights two issues that have risen to the top of the NTSB 's concerns in recent years , positive train control and operator fatigue . The safety board says positive train control issues were involved in two other light rail incidents this year , a May 8 wreck on the same MBTA Green Line and a June 22 wreck which killed nine on Washington , D.C. 's Metro system . "  If technology exists ... on the other  MBTA  lines , why would the Green Line not have everything possible ... to prevent accidents from happening , " NTSB Chairman Mark Rosenker asked . "  I do n't understand that as an operator ; I just do n't . " The Metro system had a form of positive train separation , but investigators are exploring whether that crash resulted from a circuit malfunction . The safety board said fatigue issues affect all forms of transportation . It noted that two pilots fell asleep during a flight over Hawaii and that sleep issues played a role in a Cosco Busan ship incident in San Francisco , California , and a fatal bus crash in Mexican Hat , Utah . Rosenker said details that surfaced in the Boston trolley crash will guide the NTSB in the future . "  Now it is up to us , because we now are the advocates for these changes , " Rosenker said . Recommendations resulting from the Boston crash "  raise the bar of safety not only in this system , but across the United States . "	Obesity , evidence that operator was taking sleep aid leads to conjecture Transportation board criticized for failing to screen for sleep disorders Board also notes lack of systems to prevent trains from using same stretch of track
CNN  -- The robust approach of the Netherlands side in the World Cup final has drawn a fierce rebuke from Dutch legend Johan Cruyff , who accused them of "  dirty " play and adopting "  anti-football " tactics . Cruyff was the star player of the revered Dutch team of the 1974 World Cup that introduced the concept "  total football " to the world . Wesley Sneijder and Dirk Kuyt were the Oranje 's outfield players from their starting 11 not to be booked by referee Howard Webb , while Johnny Heitinga saw red in extra-time for a second bookable offence as Spain won 1-0 at Soccer City on Sunday . Cruyff , who coached Barcelona after his playing days were over , believes Nigel de Jong and Mark van Bommel were very fortunate to avoid red cards for challenges in the first half . Manchester City midfielder De Jong , in particular , has come under criticism for his "  kung-fu " style challenge which left Xabi Alonso nursing bruised ribs . "  Regrettably , sadly , they played very dirty . So much so that they should have been down to nine immediately , they made two ugly and hard tackles that even I felt the damage , " wrote Cruyff . "  This ugly , vulgar , hard , hardly eye-catching , lack of football style served the Dutch to unsettle Spain . If with this they got satisfaction , fine , but they ended up losing . "  Some practiced anti-football considering that it was the only way to survive . It finished 0-0  after regulation play  because they  Spain  could not play as they wanted . " Referee Webb also comes under criticism for failing to act tougher as he handed out a string of yellow cards without using the ultimate sanction until Heitinga was sent off deep into extra-time . "  You can referee badly , but what you can not do is create your own type of justice and , worse , invent a personal application of the rules , " Cruyff said . "  Not only did he fail to expel two Dutchmen , including  Arjen  Robben who deserved the second yellow , he also looked the other way at times in which he had to get involved . "  A World Cup final deserves a big referee , but above all , it deserves a referee who dares to do everything it means to be judge . " Cruyff was named man of the tournament at the 1974 World Cup , but his team lost the final 2-1 to West Germany . He did not play in the 1978 World Cup where the Dutch again lost in the final to Argentina .	Dutch legend Johan Cruyff critical of their robust approach in World Cup final Cruyff accuses them of adopting "  anti-football " football tactics in 1-0 loss to Spain Former Barcelona coach Cruyff rebukes "  ugly , vulgar " approach of Dutch team
CNN  -- After 18 months of waiting , users of Android phones and tablets can finally crash the Instagram party . On Tuesday the fast-growing , photo-sharing network for the iPhone and iPad finally launched an app for Android devices . The free application works with Android version 2.2 and higher and is available for download at Google Play , Google 's new online store for digital media . "  We 've been meticulous about translating the Instagram experience to the Android platform , " said a post Tuesday on Instagram 's blog . "  The Android app offers an extremely familiar Instagram experience when compared to the iOS app . You 'll find all the same exact filters and community as our iOS version . " Instagram lets users enhance their mobile photos with filters , share them with their friends or other people and comment on friends ' pictures . Like Twitter , Instagram also allows people to follow other users . Instagram has exploded in popularity since Apple honored it as its 2011 App of the Year . The app now has more than 30 million users , up from 15 million four months ago .	Instagram , the popular photo-sharing app for iOS , launches an app for Android devices Instagram lets users enhance their mobile photos with filters and share them with friends The app now has more than 30 million users , double the number from four months ago
GENEVA , Switzerland  CNN  -- The number of confirmed swine flu cases across the globe kept rising Friday , but some signs of hope emerged in the battle against the worldwide outbreak . Tourists sunbathe wearing surgical masks in the popular Mexican resort of Acapulco . The World Health Organization said Friday that the number of confirmed cases stood at 367 worldwide , including 141 in the United States and 156 in Mexico . Thirteen countries have confirmed cases , the organization said . Meanwhile , researchers worked to develop a vaccine for swine flu , which is also known as 2009 H1N1 . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention hopes to have a vaccine to manufacturers within a month , said Michael Shaw , lab team leader for the H1N1 response at the CDC . "  We 're doing the best we can as fast as we can , " he said . Yet it would take four to six months from the time the appropriate strain is identified before the first doses become available , said Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny , WHO director of the Initiative for Vaccine Research . "  Of course we would like to have a vaccine tomorrow . We would have wanted to have it yesterday , " she said . "  It 's a long journey . " She said there is "  no doubt " that a vaccine can be made "  in a relatively short period of time . " The steps involved in producing a vaccine involve isolating a strain of the virus , which has already been done , and tweaking it so manufacturers can make a vaccine , Kieny said . The tweaked virus will be shipped to manufacturers , who will fine-tune it . Then come more tests before national regulatory agencies decide whether to approve a vaccine . As researchers work , at least one politician at the epicenter of the outbreak expressed optimism Friday . Authorities in Mexico are "  beginning to see evidence that the -LSB- virus -RSB- might be letting up , and the number of people who have been hospitalized has leveled out in regards to people who are contagious , at least as of yesterday , " Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard told reporters . Watch how Mexican authorities are dealing with the outbreak " "  We do have a problem , but I say this so that we know where we are as a city after we have done all we have done , and in what direction we are heading and how much we have progressed . And what I can say is that we are heading in the right direction . " The WHO said Mexico has 156 confirmed cases and nine deaths . Mexican authorities say they have confirmed 16 deaths and at least 358 cases , and they suspect more than 150 deaths may have been caused by the flu . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta demystify pandemics " The CDC gave the following state-by-state breakdown of the 141 confirmed H1N1 cases in the United States : Arizona , 4 ; California , 13 ; Colorado , 2 ; Delaware , 4 ; Illinois , 3 ; Indiana , 3 ; Kansas , 2 ; Kentucky , 1 ; Massachusetts , 2 ; Michigan , 2 ; Minnesota , 1 ; Nebraska , 1 ; Nevada , 1 ; New Jersey , 5 ; New York , 50 ; Ohio , 1 ; South Carolina , 16 ; Texas , 28 ; and Virginia , 2 . See where cases have been confirmed " One death in the United States has been attributed to swine flu -- a toddler from Mexico whose family brought him to Texas for medical treatment . In a Cabinet meeting , President Obama on Friday praised the "  extraordinary " government response to the virus but emphasized that "  we also need to prepare for the long term . " "  Since we know that these kinds of threats can emerge at any moment , even if it turns out that the H1N1 is relatively mild on the front end , it could come back in a more virulent form during the actual flu season , and that 's why we are investing in our public health infrastructure . " Go behind the scenes at the CDC " He said there are indications from Mexico that "  relatively young , healthy people " have died rather than people whose immune systems are compromised , and "  that 's why we 're taking it seriously . " "  So I just want everybody to be clear that this is why this is a cause for concern , but not alarm . We are essentially ensuring that , in the worst-case scenario , we can manage this appropriately , government working with businesses and individuals , the private sector , and containing an outbreak , and that we can , ultimately , get through this . " In addition to the confirmed H1N1 cases in Mexico and the United States , Canada has 34 ; Spain has 13 ; United Kingdom has 8 ; New Zealand and Germany each have 4 ; Israel has 2 ; Austria , China , Denmark , Netherlands and Switzerland each have one , according to the WHO . Learn about the virus " Hong Kong health officials said a patient who is being treated there arrived from Mexico on a China Eastern Airlines flight that stopped in Shanghai . Denmark did not provide further details . An additional 230 cases are being investigated in the United Kingdom , and Spain has 84 suspected cases . Australia , which has had no confirmed cases , was investigating 114 . View images of responses in U.S. and worldwide " The effects in Mexico reflect the fear and concern across the globe , including in the United States , where schools and parents are taking precautions in academics , graduations and sports because of the flu . For example , 22 students Slippery Rock University in Pennsylvania who just returned from from a five-week trip to Mexico City will get their diplomas at a separate ceremony when they graduate Saturday . Texas school officials have postponed all interscholastic sports until at least May 11 . And Alabama has stopped such competitions until at least Tuesday . The U.S. Department of Education said Friday that 433 public and nonpublic schools in 17 states had been closed because of the flu outbreak . U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan noted in a news conference that the number is less than 1 percent of the nation 's approximate 100,000 schools . Earlier Friday , United Flight 903 was diverted to Boston , Massachusetts , on Friday after a female passenger started complaining of "  flu-like " symptoms on a Munich-to-Washington flight , Logan Airport spokesman Phil Orendella said . CDC officials at a news conference Friday were asked to compare the strain with the deadly 1918 virus . "  What we have found by looking very carefully at the sequences of the new H1N1 virus is that we do not see the markers for virulence that were seen in the 1918 virus , " said Nancy Cox , chief of the CDC 's Influenza Division . However , she added , "  We know there 's a great deal that we do not yet understand about the virulence of the 1918 virus or other influenza viruses that have a more severe clinical picture in humans . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Diana Magnay , Jake Perez , Saeed Ahmed , Umaro Djau and Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexican government says 16 people have died from virus Virus has spread to 13 countries , with hardest-hit areas in the West U.S. Education Department says outbreak has closed 433 schools in 17 states Vaccine could be made "  in a relatively short period of time , " official says
CNN  -- Egypt 's interim leader on Sunday issued a strong warning to supporters of ousted President Mohamed Morsy , state news said . After a meeting of the National Defense Council , headed by interim President Adly Mansour , the Egyptian presidency issued the statement , calling on protesters to remain calm . It urged them to end their "  incitement and hateful speech against Egyptian citizens and state institutions and end their violations of the law and endangering the safety of citizens , " the state-run Al-Ahram newspaper said . It also reportedly said that the National Defense Council would watch developments closely and take action against anyone who violates the law . The warning came on the heels of violent clashes in the nation 's capital . Dr. Mohammed Ali Sultan , chairman of Egypt 's ambulance services , told CNN that 72 people had been killed in Nasr City , an area of Cairo the Muslim Brotherhood has made its base . Morsy is backed by the Muslim Brotherhood , the Islamist group that was sidelined under longtime Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak only to become the country 's dominant political force after his forced exit in 2011 . According to that group , police fired live ammunition on protesters Friday and Saturday . Yet the prosecutor general 's office , state-run Nile TV reported early Sunday , said protesters initiated the clashes , firing live bullets on security forces . Fresh clashes erupted early Sunday in Helwan , south of Cairo , between residents there and pro-Morsy protesters , reported state TV , citing witnesses . Also Sunday , state-run EGYNews reported that an Egyptian delegation was granted permission Friday by the military to visit where Morsy is being held . The former Muslim Brotherhood leader became Egypt 's first democratically president in June 2012 but found himself at odds with the opposition before the military removed him from power and detained him this month . He has not been seen publicly since the military forced him from office July 3 . The delegates , who represent human rights organizations , said Morsy is being held at an army facility at an undisclosed location . They reportedly said Morsy declined to meet with them because their group did not include Mohamad Salim Al Awa , a former presidential candidate and Islamic scholar . Instead , they met with Morsy 's former chief of staff , Refa'a al-Tahtawi , and his secretary . Both men are being held along with Morsy . The delegation recommended that the military hold Morsy in a known and specific location and allow him to communicate with his family and have representation of his choosing , EGYNews reported . It also recommended the release of Morsy 's staff unless the men are charged with a specific crime . Morsy is being held in relation for a jailbreak that took place during Egypt 's 2011 revolution but well before he came to power , state media reported . Prosecutors have said the escape of Morsy and 18 other Brotherhood members , among others , was plotted by "  foreign elements " including Hamas , the Islamic Palestinian Army and Hezbollah . The Muslim Brotherhood was named as a domestic group that cooperated with those who broke them out of prison . Morsy -- who local media reports say was in prison for a single day without any formal charges against him -- is accused of escaping , destroying the prison 's official records and intentionally killing and abducting police officers and prisoners . CNN 's Dana Ford , Greg Botelho , Hamdi Alkhshali and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	Egypt 's interim leader reportedly urges protesters to end their "  incitement and hateful speech " The warning comes on the heels of violent clashes in the nation 's capital Mohamed Morsy has not been seen publicly since the military forced him from office
CNN  The dawning of the New Year is often seen as a time for new beginnings . But the first fixture of 2015 marked the end of a 22-game winning streak for Real Madrid which went down 2-1 to an all-action Valencia side Sunday . Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring from the penalty spot after 12 minutes but Los Blancos were pegged back at the beginning of the second half when Antonio Barragan 's strike deflected off Pepe and beyond Iker Casillas . Nicolas Otamendi then rose highest in the Madrid box to power a header beyond Casillas a little over 10 minutes later to give Valencia a lead they would refuse to relinquish . Madrid did create numerous chances for the equalizer but were foiled by a mixture of poor finishing , heroic defending and some spectacular goalkeeping from Valencia 's Diego Alves Carreira . Valencia also had chances of its own as Madrid piled forward in the latter stages . Barragan in particular was guilty of being wasteful as he fired wide when through on Casillas . After the match , Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti lamented his side 's inability to kill the game off when they were ahead . "  There were key moments in which we could make the second goal , " Ancelotti told the Real Madrid website . "  But it did n't materialize . You can not always be effective . " "  We worked well and we had chances to score  and  we deserved at least a draw . " Valencia boss , Nuno Espirito Santo , was in more ebullient mood when speaking to reporters . "  This victory deserves a lot of credit , as does the fact that we came back from behind , " he said in comments carried by the Valencia website . He continued , "  I still believe that our biggest success is yet to come . It was a great win , but we still only have 34 points . It is not the time to celebrate anything , although of course the fans have to enjoy the victory . " The result meant Madrid 's great rivals Barcelona could have returned to the summit of La Liga if it defeated David Moyes ' Real Sociedad later on Sunday . But an own goal from defender Jordi Alba saw the Catalans lose 1-0 despite a frantic second period in which they dominated . Barca remain a point behind Real in second position and are ahead of third placed Atletico Madrid , which won comfortably against Levante on Saturday , only on goal difference . Valencia , meanwhile , move up to fourth and into the final Champions League spot . English FA Cup After a hectic period of fixtures over the festive period , England 's leading clubs returned to action in the FA Cup Sunday . Manchester United , Chelsea and Manchester City all overcame lower-league opposition with varying degrees of comfort . United had to wait until the second half before goals from Ander Herrera and Angel Di Maria secured a 2-0 victory over Yeovil Town . Chelsea overcame Watford in far more comfortable fashion at Stamford Bridge . The Blues won 3-0 thanks to strikes from Willian , Loic Remy and Kurt Zouma . Manchester City meanwhile had to come from behind to win 2-1 at home Sheffield Wednesday . James Milner struck twice in the second half to spare City 's blushes . Although the competition is notorious for feats of giant killing over the years there were few shock results Sunday . The most surprising was perhaps Premier League QPR being downed 3-0 at home by third-tier side Sheffield United . Elsewhere , Aston Villa defeated Blackpool thanks to a solitary goal from Belgian striker Christian Benteke while Southampton was held at home to Ipswich Town of the Championship . In the day 's late game , Arsenal comfortably eased aside Hull City 2-0 in a repeat of last year 's final . Per Mertersacker opened the scoring for the Gunners in the first half while a late second from Alexis Sanchez rounded off a routine victory . French Cup As in England , there were few surprises in France 's premier cup competition . Monaco defeated Nimes 2-0 with strikes from Bernardo Silva and Valere Germain while goals from Thomas Toure and Abdou Traore ensured Bordeaux overcame Toulouse 2-1 . In perhaps the tie of the round , Lyon were made to sweat for their 3-2 victory against Ligue 1 rivals Lens . After taking a three-goal lead in the first half through Nabil Fekir , Alexandre Lacazette Lacazette and Mouhamadou Dabo goals , Lyon conceded two in the second period but held on to claim victory .	Valencia defeat Real Madrid 2-1 at Mestalla Stadium Result brings to an end Los Blanco 's 22 game winning streak Barcelona miss chance to go top after losing at Real Sociedad
FORT LAUDERDALE , Florida  CNN  -- Standing onstage , comedian Aron Kader describes how his cousin in the Middle East likes to curse the United States -- in English . Maz Jobrani  left  says Middle Easterners get a bad rap in the media . Ahmed Ahmed has the name of a "  most-wanted " terrorist . "  Arabs love to cuss in English , " Kader belts out . "  They cuss their heads off in English , but they wo n't do it in Arabic because then God can hear them . " The audience , two-thirds of Mideast descent , explodes in laughter . Kader is a member of the "  Axis of Evil " comedy group , a collection of comics with Mideast roots who have formed a niche by taking on Mideast stereotypes and making subjects such as war , terrorism and suicide bombers funny . It 's a delicate balance , but one that seems to be catching on with a larger audience . The comics ' videos on YouTube have been viewed more than 200,000 times , they recently had a one-hour special on Comedy Central and they currently are on a 15-city tour with packed crowds . How do they make such serious topics funny ? The key , Kader says , is getting the audience on board . "  Let them know that ` Hey , I get it , you guys have a stereotype of us , and I know what you see . ' " Ethnic humor has a long history in the United States , but Kader says being Middle Eastern is different . He says people too often think of militants , terrorists and suicide bombers . "  You just say you 're Palestinian , and it 's like you made a political statement . " And so the group has worked to try to change those stereotypes , one laugh at a time . In November 2005 , the comics took up the name Axis of Evil , playing off the term President Bush used in his 2002 State of the Union address to describe Iraq , Iran and North Korea . There are four members of the Axis comedy group . Kader is a Palestinian-American , and Maz Jobrani is an Iranian-American with a degree in political science from the University of California , Berkeley .  Jobrani was one of the stars of the ABC series "  The Knights of Prosperity . " Rounding out the Axis are Ahmed Ahmed , an Egyptian-American , and Dean Obeidallah , a Palestinian-American who once was a practicing attorney . Their biting humor is something to which many in their audience can relate . Jobrani says when he tells one joke begging for the news media to show Middle Easterners doing something positive -- like "  baking a cookie or something " -- the crowd loves it for more than just its humor . "  That gets a laugh , but it also gets a clap from regular audiences , and I think that 's because a lot of people are sick of seeing Middle Easterners depicted the way we 're always depicted , " he says . Obeidallah says he never felt like a Middle Easterner until after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Now , he says , he does his comedy "  not just for me . " "  It 's for my cousins , it 's for my friends , it 's for other Arabs and other people who get dirty looks or looked at funny because they have an accent or are viewed as suspicious simply because of their heritage , " he says . "  We do n't want to be defined any longer by the worst examples in our community , and it 's a very small amount of people . There are a few terrorists and they define all of us . " Ahmed says he gets problems at the airport -- because his name matches the alias of a terrorist on the FBI 's "  Most Wanted " list . But he takes it in stride . Like his fellow Axis comedians , he says , you can "  scare people into laughing . " He quotes a comedy colleague who is a rabbi . "  He always says you ca n't hate anybody when you 're laughing with them . So it 's nice , when we 're doing our comedy show , to see the diversity in the crowd and people actually laughing together , " Ahmed says . "  You see Arabs and Jews and Mexicans and whites , and they 're all sitting together and they 're sharing the same laugh . Comedy 's like food or music . It 's universal . Laughter 's universal . " E-mail to a friend	"  Axis of Evil " comics joke about Mideast stereotypes More than 200,000 have viewed their videos on YouTube One member has same name as terrorist on FBI list
CNN  -- A 22-year-old man from Pakistan hopes to soon swim the English Channel with an American friend -- but first he 's got to navigate the currents of bureaucracy . College teammates David Gatz  left  and Usman Javaid want to swim the English Channel for charity . Usman Javaid , an Ohio college student who has won national swimming titles in his native Pakistan , wants to swim the channel with his best friend , David Gatz , a fellow member of the swim team at Ohio Wesleyan University in Delaware , Ohio . They want to honor their international friendship by working together to accomplish a great feat : a relay across the English Channel . They also hope to raise money for charity . "  With teamwork and cooperation you can tackle even the toughest of challenges , " Javaid told CNN in a phone interview Wednesday from Islamabad , Pakistan . Yet the British government has denied Javaid 's request for the visa that would let him enter the country . British authorities say they ca n't grant a visa because they have questions about Javaid 's student status , the young man said . "  They were n't satisfied I was going to Britain for the stated purpose , " he said . Javaid said his passport contains a valid student visa for the United States and he sent documentation from the Channel Swimming Association with his visa application to prove he is scheduled to do the swim . The United Kingdom Border Agency told CNN in a written statement that "  all visa applications are considered on their individual merits , taking into account all the information provided . " "  Where an applicant fails to demonstrate they meet the relevant rules , their application will be refused , " the statement said . The agency noted that anyone who is refused can reapply with additional information . Mark Cooper , the director of marketing and communication at Ohio Wesleyan University , said British authorities have not contacted the university to ask about Javaid 's student status . "  We did send ... documentation to -LSB- British authorities -RSB- to follow up " after Javaid 's application was denied , he said . Javaid has since applied to the British high commissioner in Islamabad for an emergency visa . Meanwhile , Gatz and the university 's head swim coach , Dick Hawes , are waiting in Dover , England , hoping things will work out so the men can try to accomplish their goal . The Channel Swimming Association has granted them permission to try their crossing between July 29 and August 6 , Javaid said . The association determines such "  swim windows " after considering the expected tides and the schedules of pilot boats , which accompany the swimmers . The association sent a letter Thursday to the British high commissioner in Pakistan to confirm Javaid 's mission , said Joan Metcalfe , the association 's chairwoman . As the clock ticks , Gatz remains in Dover , where he passes the time by training in the channel . "  There is some frustration , " he said Thursday , "  but we 're also optimistic . " Gatz is the captain of Ohio Wesleyan University 's varsity swim team . He swam twice for the university at the NCAA national championship meet and holds numerous records . Javaid is a gold medalist on the Pakistani national swim team and represented his country at the South Asian Federation Games . Their coach said he 's proud of the pair , no matter the outcome of their attempt . "  I think it 's great . It shows so much maturity on their part -- first , to take on such a large endeavor , but it also speaks so much about their friendship , " Hawes said . Their relationship reflects the unity of the entire swim team at the school , he said . "  This is an international family , " the coach said of his swimmers . "  It 's a phenomenal environment . This has just been such a great experience . " As they work to accomplish their goal , Gatz and Javaid also are accepting donations for Doctors Without Borders , an international medical humanitarian organization also known by its French name , Medecins Sans Frontieres . Gatz , who is double-majoring in biochemistry and pre-med , said the idea came as they followed news reports of Pakistan 's campaign against the Taliban this year , which displaced thousands of civilians in the country 's northwest . "  We wanted to donate to an organization that was helping people there , " he explained . Javaid added Thursday , "  That was a big reason we chose Doctors Without Borders , because there are a lot of people suffering in that area and they are assisting them . " Some of the donations will cover costs associated with their anticipated channel swim , he added . But even if they do n't get to do their relay , Javaid said , their effort is still worthwhile . "  Even if my visa does n't go through , we 'll continue with Channeling Peace , " he vowed , referring to the organization they set up for their effort . "  Even if I have to swim in a lake in Pakistan while David swims in the English Channel , it 's still a powerful symbol , " Javaid said . "  Symbols gather power not from the act itself but from the people who are supporting them , " he said . "  A lot of people around the world are supporting us and our message . As long as they support it in their hearts and minds , we have been successful . "	College teammates want to swim English Channel for charity , international harmony Swim was to happen between now and August 6 , but one denied visa to Britain Usman Javaid , an Ohio student from Pakistan , says U.K. questioned student status Javaid reapplies for visa , waits for decision
