CNN  -- It 's not every day you read about one top-level executive asking another where his balls are . But in the end , former Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz lived up to her reputation for "  salty language " and candid management style . Since Bartz 's very public departure from Yahoo last week , her penchant for blunt , profane language has become recurring themes in discussions of her career , driving conversation about what women can and ca n't be in the workplace . "  It stands out because it 's not expected , " said Deborah Tannen , a linguistics professor at Georgetown University and author of "  You Just Do n't Understand : Women and Men in Conversation . " "  We always take notice of what 's unexpected and women are still not expected to curse , so when they do , it 's noticed more . " Bartz got the ball rolling when she called the board members that fired her a bunch of "  doofuses " who "  f ----- me over " in her first public comments after the now infamous firing-by-phone . Those statements came two days after Yahoo chairman Roy Bostock called her on her cell phone last Tuesday to deliver the news . In response , she sent an e-mail to Yahoo 's 14,000 colleagues telling them "  I 've just been fired over the phone by Yahoo 's chairman of the board " and wishing them the best . Since then , tales of her "  characteristically salty language " and perceived abrasiveness have peppered the post-mortems on her two-year tenure , which many seem to agree ended due to her failure to boost revenue and lack of long-term vision . Even The Wall Street Journal published an amusing compilation of "  Carol Bartz 's Best Quotes , " a testament to how her "  crude honesty " and "  blue language " became part of her brand . "  What do I look for when hiring ? Well , let 's get past the assumption that they can do the job . There has to be a no-a ------ rule , " she said in a 2010 interview with Esquire titled , "  Hi , I 'm Carol Bartz ... Are You an A ------ ? " The attention devoted to Bartz 's candor , profane or otherwise , reflects the double-bind faced by women in the business world , especially those in high positions , Tannen said . "  If women talk in ways expected of them or project a feminine demeanor , it 's seen as weak . But if they talk in ways associated with men or bosses , then they 're seen as too aggressive , " she said . "  Whatever they do violates one or the other expectation , either you 're not talking as you should as a woman or as boss . " Perhaps unsurprisingly , if you believe women are treated differently than men , Tannen and others think that a dirty-mouthed man would not receive as much attention for his blue language as Bartz has . "  For people to call it ` salty language ' shows how we 're uncomfortable talking about women who swear . I do n't think anyone would describe a rapper 's language as being salty , " said former Nickelodeon executive Anne Kreamer , whose book , "  It 's Always Personal : Emotions in the New Workplace , " came out this year . The fact that Bartz was known for swearing , crying and confrontations also reflects the tight-lipped , buttoned-up culture pervading corporate America , Kreamer said . In researching her book , "  Emotions in the Workplace , " Kreamer said she found that 60 % of employees reported never seeing their bosses get angry or display any kind of unpleasant emotion . "  People are barely keeping it together , and that 's why this becomes a conversation point because everyone wants to be able to publicly flip off the boss one way or another . But you swallow it because you do n't want to lose your job , " she said . Not everyone considers swearing in the workplace appropriate , said Charles Conine , who runs Consilium , an employee and labor relations consulting service . But standards vary depending on whether the workplace is a corporate office in Silicon Valley or a battlefield in Afghanistan . Yahoo is n't known for its culture of confrontation , which could be why Bartz 's actions -- while at Yahoo and in her public flipping-off of its board -- still has power to shock the public , Kreamer said . "  We go through these Kabuki-like dances of ways to save face in corporate America , " Kreamer said . "  The way she simply said , ` I 've been fired ' was brilliantly refreshing . She said it as blunt as she did because she was pissed off , and we rarely see that . "	Profanity , candor are trademarks of Carol Bartz 's management style at Yahoo "  It stands out because it 's not expected , " professor says of her tendency to swear Attention devoted to language reflects "  double-bind " women face in corporate America E-mail announcing she was "  fired " via phone "  brilliantly refreshing , " author says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Seventh graders at Ron Clark Academy became an overnight sensation during the presidential election when their YouTube performance of "  You Can Vote However You Like " catapulted them to online stardom . "  The higher the expectations , the higher the results , " says Ron Clark , seen here with his students . Now , their creative and scholastic talents have proved the students to be more than just "  one hit wonders . " Academy students showcased their poetry and writings for CNN 's documentary "  Black in America 2 , " hosted by Soledad O'Brien . Cultivating student creativity is just one of the goals of academy founder Ron Clark , an enigmatic educator known for his unconventional teaching methods . Under his strict tutelage , students at Ron Clark -- who are predominantly African-American -- are expected to excel in all subjects and maintain a high standard of respect for their peers and teachers . "  I 'm teaching an eighth-grade curriculum to fifth-graders , " says Clark . "  Some people say my expectations of the kids , academically , is too high , but the higher the expectations , the higher the results . " Watch Clark 's students perform their original poetry " But with high academic expectations come an equally high quotient for fun . It 's become one of Clark 's trademarks : singing and dancing to popular rap and R&B songs during class to get the kids engaged . "  My first day at Ron Clark Academy , I thought all the teachers were psychopaths , " says seventh-grader Jai Springs . "  I thought Ron Clark was going crazy . He was up in front of the kids on desks , he was dancing . ... I never saw a teacher get up on a desk and dance . But now I 'm used to it , so I get up on the desk and dance too , " says Jai . Clark , formerly a schoolteacher from North Carolina , founded the academy with money he earned from his book titled The Essential 55 , which detail Clark 's 55 golden rules for success -- in and out of the classroom . Clark was invited to be a guest on the Oprah Winfrey show after winning Disney Teacher of the Year Award in 2001 . Oprah believed so much in the well-mannered Southern school teacher from South Carolina that she encouraged him to write the book . Later she promoted The Essential 55 on her show , prompting it 's ascension to New York Times bestseller list . Together with co-founder Kim Bearden , Clark transformed a decaying factory in a rough part of Atlanta , Georgia , into a state-of-the-art educational model for middle schools across the country . See newsmakers and iReporters on race , challenges , solutions for black America Soon after the school opened its doors in 2008 , a Christmas package from Winfrey arrived for Clark in the form of a $ 365,000 grant , or "  a thousand dollars for each day of the year , " as Oprah referred to it in the letter . Then came the elections , with a tight presidential race between Sens. Barack Obama of Illinois and John McCain of Arizona . Inspired by rapper T.I. 's hit song "  Whatever You Like , " Clark 's seventh grade class penned their own lyrics and dance moves . The students ' performance carried a message : Cast your ballot because you support a candidate 's policies rather than just his skin color . When they perform the song , half the seventh grade class touts the virtues of GOP 's McCain while the other half root for Democrat Obama : "  Obama on the left . McCain on the right . We can talk politics all night . And you can vote however you like . " The students "  can talk politics with the best of them , " says Clark . Video clips of the kids performing have garnered over 15 million hits on YouTube . "  We got lots of media attention . But when the media arrived to the school they realized the song is not the story , it 's the kids , " says Clark . One of Clark 's credos is teaching a "  global curriculum " with a heavy emphasis on current events . Himself an avid world traveler , Clark believes it 's essential for his students to travel to other countries to develop an understanding and appreciation of the world in which they live . Through Delta 's corporate sponsorship of the school , administrators have been able to send all 100 of their fifth to eighth grade students abroad before they graduate . "  I 'm not nearly as shy as I used to be , " says seventh-grader Chi Chi Kasarachi after her first year at the academy . "  My knowledge of the world has improved , I know more about what 's going on in other countries and I 'm more curious about things . ... I 'm just hungry for knowledge , " says Chi Chi . In fact , the students at Ron Clark Academy are better versed in current events and politics than many adults . "  I never thought I 'd be interested in watching the news , " says seventh-grader Osei Avril . "  Now I find it interesting because I have learned the stories behind the news , " he says . Osei -- who pronounces Iranian President Ahmadinajad 's name perfectly -- says he 's interested in learning about world issues such as the Iranian elections , the Taliban in Pakistan , and the Palestinian - Israeli conflict . "  At the beginning , " says Clark , "  the kids will say something like ` I 've been to East Point -LSB- a suburb of South Atlanta -RSB- . After a few years they 've been to Kenya , Japan , or South Africa , or England . ... They 've become very comfortable with understanding the country and understanding themselves . " But it 's not just the travel or even the singing and dancing to rap music that make the school so special , say the students . It 's the academy teachers ' creative ways of instilling education , solid values , and a passion for learning . "  They want you to pass the people at the top , " says Jai . "  To be at the top nonstop , be at your fullest , to be creative , to think out of the box . " But school is n't all fun and games , she says . Clark is a strict disciplinarian that expects -- and enforces -- model behavior from all of the students . "  I love Mr. Clark with all my heart , he 's like a father to me , " says Chi Chi . "  He might fuss a lot , but I know he 's doing it for our own good . "	Ron Clark Academy students ' '08 YouTube rap performance got millions of hits Clark teaches "  global curriculum " with heavy emphasis on current events "  I 'm teaching an eigthth-grade curriculum to fifth graders , " says Clark Student : "  My knowledge of the world has improved . ... I 'm hungry for knowledge "
LONDON ,  England  CNN -- Natalia Vodianova is best known as the supermodel who has graced the cover of Vogue , walked the catwalk for the likes of Chanel and Versace . Supermodel Natalia Vodianova 's charity plans to build hundreds of play parks for children in her native Russia . But Vodianova has a dream that could n't be further from the glitzy world of fashion -- to build 500 play parks in her native Russia . Vodianova , born and raised in Russia , was in the country during the 2004 Beslan school siege , in which at least 339 hostages , around half of them children , were killed . Deeply affected by the tragedy she returned to New York , where she was living at the time , determined to do something to help the surviving children . Vodianova organized a fundraising event that generated $ 350,000 to build the children a playground and she founded her charity , the "  Naked Heart Foundation . " With an ethos that play is not only therapeutic for children , but a necessity , the foundation aims to provide playgrounds for Russia 's urban youth . So far the charity has built 23 playgrounds around the country , starting in her home town of Nizhnii Novgorod , and there are 15 more in the pipeline . "  For me , since I started my charity , it has been a very different way of life , " Vodianova told CNN . Watch Vodianova take CNN around Moscow " "  Giving back just feels so great . I always try to open each play park with myself present for the children , because it makes it more special for them . I go to very remote parts of Russia are far from Moscow and it gives these children an extra message of love . " For Vodianova , this is just the start . She told CNN that her dream is to build 500 play parks in Russia . The charity 's play parks can cost anywhere between $ 27,000 and $ 400,000 , depending on their size and range of play equipment . Vodianova admits , "  It 's a big dream -- an expensive one ! " When it comes to fundraising , Vodianova 's secret weapon is her connections in the fashion world . Last year she organized a "  Love Ball " in Moscow -- a Valentine 's Day fundraiser that counted among the guests the likes of designer Valentino , actress Lucy Liu , singer Natalie Imbruglia , and supermodel Eva Herzigova . See photos of "  The Love Ball . " " The event was held in a former royal residence , Moscow 's 16th century Tsaritsino Estate . It featured an ice palace made from 220 tons of ice and music provided by British band Razorlight , among others . The highlight was a Valentine 's - themed auction , with lots including a private performance from rock star Bryan Adams , bought for $ 120,000 , and a painting by British artist Damien Hirst called "  Love is All Around , " which sold for $ 1.6 million . The auction alone raised $ 6.7 million for the charity . Vodianova admits that the global economic crisis is making it harder to get sponsorship for this year 's event and says it will be more low-key than last year . "  We are not going to make it a very extravagant event ; it 's very disrespectful of what 's going on in the world right now , with the recession and a lot of people losing their jobs . "  We 're not gong to spend a lot of money on it , but it 's important to keep going , " she told CNN . With a husband and three young children , Vodianova says it can be hard to divide her time between family , career and her charity . She describes her charity work as a 24-hour job . "  I feel a huge sense of responsibility for my foundation because it 's really very important to me . Somehow it became my most difficult baby to raise , " she says . But she has no doubt about the value of her work , both for Russia 's children and herself . "  The biggest thing I can do for my soul is to hear that laughter and to see all these children that come and play on the play parks that my foundation built . " CNN Producer Deborah Rivers contributed to this report	Russian supermodel Natalia Vodianova runs the "  Naked Heart Foundation " Her dream is for the foundation to build 500 play parks across Russia The "  Love Ball " was a celebrity-filled fundraising event held in Moscow
He 's an 82-year-old "  redneck hillbilly from west North Carolina " who 's been scratching an itch to go fast his whole life . Finally , after decades of racing high-performance speed boats and winning world-class endurance car competitions , Preston Henn got his hands on the fastest executive jet on the planet : the G650 . CNN caught up with Henn by cell phone between practice laps at Daytona International Speedway . "  As long as the cars here do n't crank up , we can talk ! " he said . From then on , Henn -- Florida 's flea market kingpin -- sounded like a giddy schoolboy as he told his story about how he put down a $ 1 million deposit in April 2012 to become the first person to buy a Gulfstream G650 -- "  the hottest airplane out there " -- with its distinctive , sweeping , curving wings and its roomy , swanky interior . It made him "  feel like a million dollars , " he said gleefully . For a plane that costs $ 65 million , feeling like $ 1 million might seem like a disappointment . But you get the picture . The jet 's top speed : 704 mph -- nearly the speed of sound -- makes it arguably the world 's fastest civilian aircraft . "  I was just amazed at how quick it took off , " says Henn . "  And then it just went ZOOM -- straight up . I just sat back and drank a glass of wine and enjoyed it . " Henn knows speed . He 's been around the track a time or two -- winning the checkered flag during the '80s at the 24 Hours of Daytona and the 12 Hours event at Florida 's Sebring International Raceway . He does n't compete anymore . But he still travels around the world to race his friends . A super-fast G650 that can fly 8,000 statute miles -- farther than just about any other executive class jet -- might save him a lot of time and hassles . Saving time and avoiding hassles are the main reasons the rich and famous want to fly private . Oprah Winfrey and Bill Gates reportedly each own a Bombardier Global Express . Tom Cruise is said to have a Gulfstream IV . Jackie Chan has an Embraer Legacy 650 . And Jay-Z reportedly received a Bombardier Challenger 850 from his wife , Beyonce , as a Father 's Day gift . But none of these planes can smoke the G650 . Speed aside , it 's got goodies like no other jet in its class . In the cockpit : an infrared night-vision system projects a pilot windshield display , increasing safety during landings . In the cabin : bigger 28-inch-tall windows and a ceiling height of 6-and-a-half feet . "  if you fly from here to Tokyo , you have to fly with two crews , " Henn explains . The G650 has "  a complete crew quarters and restrooms and galley and everything they need . So it 's a different breed of cat from what I 'm used to . " Speed flows through Henn 's family bloodline , dating back to his boyhood in Western North Carolina . His father raced speed boats and cars when he was n't running movie theaters . As an adult in 1963 , Henn bought a drive-in theater of his own in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . During the next half-century , that drive-in grew into the Swap Shop -- an 88-acre flea market and cash cow . Of course , Henn 's not the lone lover of the G650 . Reportedly , the plane has caught Oprah 's eye as well . Also said to be interested are Hollywood media mogul David Geffen , designer Ralph Lauren and financial wizard Warren Buffett . Keep in mind that "  very few celebrities own their own jets , " says Doug Giese of Embraer Executive Jets . Owning a plane is still expensive , even if you 're rich . Giese says most celebs fly private by using brokers or buying memberships in fractional share programs . Brokers New Hampshire-based PJS Private Jet Services Group brokers private jets -- hooking planes up with passengers for a one-time , up-front price . "  Private aviation is becoming more commonplace because there are more programs now , " says PJS CEO Greg Raiff , a 23-year top broker whose business includes several college and professional sports teams . "  Thanks to the Internet , there are now 500 companies that can arrange something for you . " Typically , an aircraft that can fly about 10 passengers round trip from New York City to Los Angeles could cost about $ 54,000 . A smaller jet that seats about seven might cost $ 26,000 round trip from Philadelphia to Austin , Texas . Split the cost among the passengers , and it 's comparable to the price of some luxury cruises -- and a possible option to celebrate an important life-event such as a golden anniversary or a retirement party . Fractional shares Fractional share programs such as NetJet have been around for a while , offering travelers the less expensive option of buying shares of a jet instead of buying the whole thing . Share programs often come with "  jet cards . " Prepay tens of thousands of dollars onto your card in exchange for the convenience of dialing an 800 number and ordering a jet . "  That was a real industry game-changer , " says Raiff . "  It made booking a jet as easy as ordering a pizza . " One downside , says Raiff : You have to pay well in advance . Many jet cards start at a minimum of $ 100,000 , but Delta Private Jets offers a more affordable $ 25,000 card . Give them at least 48 hours notice , and they 'll get you a plane , says DPJ President Cyril Turner . One upside , says Turner : You 're protected against rising prices . "  People can lock in today 's rate even if there are future increases , " Turner says . "  With the cost of Jet A fuel approaching $ 6 a gallon and a burn rate approaching -- depending on the plane type -- 200 gallons an hour , that gets pretty costly . " Delta Private Jets charges about $ 5,000 per hour for jets seating up to eight people . Rates start at $ 9,800 per hour for jets seating up to 14 people . BlackJet offers an even more creative idea : "  semi-private " flying , CNNMoney reports . BlackJet books business class planes from carriers such as JetSelect and sells the seats individually . A BlackJet seat on a Challenger 300 from New York to L.A. might cost around $ 3,500 . CNNMoney : BlackJet offers private jet seats for less Development of the G650 survived a crisis in 2011 , when one of the jets crashed during a takeoff performance test in New Mexico , killing two Gulfstream pilots and two flight test engineers . Federal investigators blamed Gulfstream 's testing process . During the investigation , Gulfstream temporarily shut down its G650 test planes . But 17 months later , the G650 received FAA certification . Now , Gulfstream has more than 200 customers waiting to get their hands on a G650 . So far , only about a half dozen have been delivered to customers . As they roll out , plane spotters are on site , snapping photos and posting them online . "  If you call Gulfstream and ask , ` When can I get a G650 ? ' It 's four or five years off , " says Henn . Unfortunately for Henn , enjoying his G650 wo n't be an option for the time being . Ultimately , he says , he 's a businessman , and the plane is an investment . He leased the jet back to Gulfstream so the company can use it as a demonstration model . "  It 's on its way to China , " Henn says . "  It 's supposedly going to set a round-the-world record . " There 's a hint of disappointment in Henn 's voice , above the sounds of revving engines at the Daytona track . "  Sorry , it 's time to get back to it , " he explains . His Enzo Ferrari is beckoning . "  I 'm going to take my Enzo back out on the track , and then I 'm finished for today , " he says . "  Then I 'm going back to work . "	Aviation fans are excited about the new , super-fast and stylish Gulfstream G650 Oprah , Ralph Lauren , Warren Buffett are said to be interested in the $ 65 million plane Businesses aim to make flying private more affordable Beyonce reportedly gave Jay-Z a Challenger 850 as a present
Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A tense calm prevailed over Libya 's capital Thursday after days of chaos left at least seven people dead -- including a 12-year-old boy . But it 's unclear if the violence is really over -- or even who the warring groups are . ICC to Libya : Hand over Gadhafi 's son Sounds of heavy gunfire and explosions echoed across Tripoli on Wednesday night , sending waves of confusion and panic as residents were n't sure who was behind the attacks . Medical sources in Abu Saleem Hospital said two people , including a 12-year-old boy , died Wednesday from injuries sustained in the clashes , the state news agency LANA reported . The hospital also said it was treating a number of injured from the violence . LANA said it was not clear what groups were involved in Wednesday 's fighting . It quoted witnesses as saying the densely populated Abu Saleem area was in a state of "  panic and fear " as fighting closed off main roads in the area , including the one leading to the international airport . It was not clear if the fighting Wednesday was linked to deadly clashes in another southern Tripoli neighborhood a day earlier . Attack at oil protection force On Tuesday , an armed group attacked the headquarters of the Petroleum Facilities Protection Guard  PFG  in the Salaheddin district of the capital . The Libyan government said at least five people were killed and nearly two dozen others wounded in the heavy fighting . The PFG -- a Ministry of Defense force tasked with protecting Libya 's oil field -- said an armed group from the western city of Zintan surrounded at attacked its Tripoli headquarters . Opinion : Libya needs U.S. help for security It said the group had previously been tasked with securing Al-Sharara field -- one of Libya 's biggest oil fields in the south of the country . The attackers used light and heavy weapons , including anti-aircraft weapons , and injured at least six people , PFG said in a statement . The armed group fled the scene after back up forces arrived , the statement said . Tripoli 's Supreme Security Committee  SSC  , a security body in the capital , said its forces who were protecting the PFG headquarters came under fire by the attackers . A commander of one of its brigades was killed in the attack , the SSC said in a statement . The security body also said the armed group fled to a nearby former military base and positioned snipers on the rooftops of the buildings . Clashes between members of the SSC and the armed group ensued . Read more : Protesters , militia members clash in Benghazi ; 28 die Dozens of casualties were reported by the SSC . It said one of its members was killed in addition to three Ministry of Defense personnel in the clashes . The SSC said Tuesday 's violence was related to Wednesday 's clashes , but it was unclear exactly how . A sign of the times While inter-militia clashes in the Libyan capital became less frequent over the past year , the latest fighting underscores one of the biggest challenges facing Libya . Since the 2011 fall of Moammar Gadhafi 's regime , the country has been awash in weapons and militias . Some of these militias have been legitimatized by the Libyan government , while others have not . As militias refuse to disarm or work under the authority of the state , Libya is still struggling to build its security forces -- something the prime minister said would take years . The government heavily relies on militias that are mostly divided along regional lines to try to secure the country . More attacks elsewhere In addition to Tripoli 's violence , three car bombs exploded Wednesday evening across the southern city of Sabha , killing at least two people and injuring 17 others , LANA reported . One of the car bombs exploded on a commercial street , a second blew up near a security directorate and the third went off outside a hotel in the center of town , the agency said . CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	At least seven people are killed during clashes in Tripoli this week Two people , including a 12-year-old boy , died Wednesday At least five people were killed Tuesday when a group attacked an oil protection force Separately , three car bombs explode in Sabha , killing two people
CNN  -- Massachusetts child welfare authorities have found no evidence of neglect or abuse connected with a 10-year-old Brockton rapper who does adult-themed music videos . Local police filed a complaint in February against the child 's father , prompting an investigation that was terminated Thursday , Department of Children and Families spokeswoman Cayenne Isaksen told CNN . The child , Luie Rivera Jr. , whose stage name is "  Lil Poopy , " is seen in videos posted online , including on YouTube , smacking a woman 's backside , flashing wads of cash , riding in a Ferrari , dancing with women in sexually suggestive positions and rapping about how "  coke is not a bad word . " Lil Poopy is a member of the group Coke Boys , led by internationally known Moroccan-born rapper French Montana . He has also performed alongside hip hop moguls such as P. Diddy . Joseph Krowski Jr. , Rivera 's attorney , said the family is "  happy and relieved it 's over , but disappointed that it ever got this far . " "  I , as a lawyer , did n't understand how it could go to a Department of Child and Families 51 A investigation , " he told CNN , referring to the section of state law that covers such cases . "  Those investigations are reserved for situations where there 's an imminent threat of severe abuse to a child . " According to Isaksen , anyone can file a 51 A report , which is an allegation of child abuse and/or neglect ; in fact , she told CNN the agency encourages the public to do so . But it 's the department 's responsibility to determine whether the report is valid , Isaksen said . Krowski said he believes a racially motivated double standard was applied to his client , who he said turned 10 in February , and his family , which is of Puerto Rican descent . "  You can find Hollywood , white actors depicted in much more racy films . They receive praise and acclaim , " he said . "  Then you look at a video that has brown-color skin and they 're engaged in rap music and that invites an investigation . " Isaksen declined to comment on whether Rivera 's race fueled the investigation . According to Krowski , the investigation was based on small "  snippets " of Rivera 's music . He said his client also raps about more age-appropriate topics , like sports and school . Despite the investigation , which Krowski called "  offensive , " the amount of media exposure has been "  a bonus " to Rivera 's budding career as a rapper . Krowski said his client has received an outpouring of offers to do shows and go on tour . Still , Krowski said the Rivera family "  would have rather done it the other way . "	No neglect or abuse tied to 10-year-old rapper on music videos , officials say Luie Rivera Jr. , known as Lil Poopy , does sexually suggestive scenes on videos His family 's attorney says he sees a racially motivated double standard at work
Since Sir Edmund Hillary and his Sherpa guide , Tenzing Norgay , first conquered Mount Everest in 1953 , thousands of trekkers have tried to follow their footsteps . According to the Nepalese Ministry of Culture , Tourism and Civil Aviation , more than 3,500 have successfully climbed the 8,848-meter  29,029-foot  mountain , the world 's highest . More than a tenth of that number scaled the summit last year alone . But with the mountaineers ' lofty dreams come a price : a trail of trash that now threatens the peak 's environment . A group of 15 artists in Nepal are turning that trash into art . Under a project called "  Mt. Everest 8848 Art Project I " created last year , they have collected 1.5 tons of garbage brought down by climbers from the mountain , including remains of a helicopter that had crashed into the slopes during the 1970s . "  With this collaboration we aimed to raise awareness about pollution at Everest , " explained Kripa Rana Shahi , director of Da Mind Tree , the organization that initiated the project . Working tediously for a month , the artists transformed oxygen cylinders , cans , glass bottles and discarded trekking tools into 74 pieces of art and held their first of many exhibitions for interested buyers in November 2012 . Geographer reaches Mount Everest summit amidst tragedy "  Many of the artworks reflect mountain life and mountaineering experiences , " says artist Sushma Shakya . "  It was interesting what we came up with , and how this trash could turn into something beautiful . " "  The visitors are amazed by the artwork , and we 've received encouraging feedback . We hope our creations will help inspire actions against pollution at the Everest , " Nara Bahadur BK , another artist , said . The exhibitions have attracted more than 3,800 visitors , with the pieces priced from $ 17 to $ 2,400 . Nineteen pieces have been sold so far , and part of the proceeds will be given to Everest Summiteers Association , which has collaborated with the project . The association was the first to initiate a cleanup trip to Mt. Everest in 2005 and has continued its efforts to make the mountain pollution free . "  Each expedition to Everest is required to take a garbage deposit and bring their waste back , " Diwas Pokhrel , the group 's general secretary , said . "  But this system has not been strictly implemented . " In last two years , the association has collected over 10 tons of garbage from the Everest , but it estimates that another 10 tons are still littering the slopes . According to the association , biodegradable garbage is separated from the collection and turned into compost at Namche Bazaar , the major stop point before the base camp . But much of the garbage comprises non-degradable items such as oxygen cylinders , tin cans , and plastic and glass bottles . These are airlifted to Nepal 's capital , Kathmandu . Turning trash into art is one way of managing waste . Da Mind Tree says it will continue working on similar projects . "  We hope our creative works of art will inspire and encourage people to keep the mountains clean , " Shahi said . Is Mount Everest like a ` morgue ' ?	A group of 15 artists in Nepal turn trash collected from Mount Everest into art The project aims to raise awareness about pollution at Everest 1.5 tons of garbage have been turned into 74 pieces of artwork The pieces are on sale , priced from $ 17 to $ 2,400
EW.com  -- Over the extended 4th of July weekend , a lot of Americans lit up the grill and spent time with family . A lot unfolded lawn chairs and watched a fireworks show . And a whole lot bought tickets to see Despicable Me 2 . The $ 76 million animated film from Universal and Illumination Entertainment crushed the competition in its first five days in theaters , earning a jaw-dropping $ 142 million -- $ 82.5 million of which came in during the traditional Friday-to-Sunday frame . In fact , Despicable Me 2 , which features the voice work of Steve Carrell and Kristen Wiig , led the box office to the best July 4th weekend of all time . Over the Friday-to-Sunday period , the Top 12 movies grossed $ 220.7 million , which marks the 10th-strongest weekend in box office history . Despicable Me 2 's $ 82.5 million start just barely beat Monsters University 's $ 82.4 million debut  though that film opened on a Friday , not a Wednesday  , and its $ 142.5 million start stands as the best ever five-day opening for an animated film ahead of Shrek 2 's $ 128.9 million haul in May 2004 . Like that film , Despicable Me 2 earned an "  A " CinemaScore grade from audiences . Universal reports that crowds were 60-percent female and 55-percent below the age of 25 -- the studio adds that 27 percent of viewers were Hispanic . "  We knew it was going to be hugely successful , " admits Nikki Rocco , Universal 's president of distribution , who says family business was "  phenomenal " and made up "  the bulk of business " She also points to the film 's prime summer release date and the fact that families were together for the July 4th holiday as contributing factors . Internationally , Despicable Me 2 topped the box office in 36 of the 38 countries it played in this weekend and has earned $ 151.1 million overseas , which brings its very early worldwide total to $ 293.2 million . Notably , only 27 percent of Despicable Me 2 's domestic weekend gross came from 3-D ticket sales -- a low for the format . Still , that does n't take away from the sensibly budgeted film 's incredible success . At this point , it 's already a lock for $ 300 million . It was a very different story for Disney 's $ 225 million western The Lone Ranger , which only lassoed a dismal $ 48.9 million -- $ 29.4 million of which poured in during the Friday-to-Sunday period . The film , which stars Johnny Depp and Armie Hammer , joins Cowboys and Aliens and Wild Wild West as films that attempted  unsuccessfully  to turn the western genre into widely-appealing , popcorn-munching spectacles . For director Gore Verbinski and Depp , who previously collaborated on the ultra-successful Pirates of the Caribbean films , the terrible opening is particularly distressing . Depp 's last two films , Dark Shadows and The Rum Diary , also severely under-performed . The reality is , though , that westerns have always been a tough sell at the box office . The highest grossing western of all time , Dances with Wolves , earned $ 184.2 million in 1990 . The Lone Ranger 's budget  which does not include substantial marketing and distribution costs  , was a full $ 41 million more than that -- so the bar for success was set incredibly high . And the financial setback for Disney will likely be incredibly high as well . "  Obviously you 're always hoping that your movies are going to connect with the broadest audience possible , " says Dave Hollis , Disney 's president of distribution , "  so when it does n't , it 's disappointing . " The exec acknowledges that young people were largely unfamiliar with the 80-year-old character of the Lone Ranger , as evidenced by the fact that audiences were 68 percent above the age of 25 . Those crowds issued the film a fair "  B + " CinemaScore . In third , Fox 's $ 43 million buddy-cop comedy The Heat fell 36 percent in its second weekend to $ 25 million , giving the Sandra Bullock/Melissa McCarthy title a strong $ 86.4 million after ten days . Fourth place belonged to Monsters University , which took a whopping 57 percent hit due to the arrival of Despicable Me 2 . Still , the film grossed $ 19.6 million this weekend , which gives it $ 216.1 million total and makes it the 11th Pixar film  out of 14  to surpass the $ 200 million mark domestically . Worldwide , Monsters University , which likely cost about $ 200 million to produce , reached the $ 400 million milestone . World War Z rounded out the Top 5 , dipping 39 percent to $ 18.2 million . The Brad Pitt zombie thriller has now earned $ 158.8 million after three weekends and could reach $ 190 million total -- the same amount that Paramount says World War Z cost to make . 1 . Despicable Me 2 -- $ 82.5 million 2 . The Lone Ranger -- $ 48.9 million 3 . The Heat -- $ 25 million 4 . Monsters University -- $ 19.6 million 5 . World War Z -- $ 18.2 million In eighth place , Lionsgate 's comedy Kevin Hart : Let Me Explain grossed a remarkable $ 17.5 million from just 786 theaters over its first five days . Of that , $ 10.1 million came in over the three-day period , which is even more impressive given the film 's teensy $ 2.5 million budget . Lionsgate targeted African-American viewers for Let Me Explain , the same demographic that pushed Hart 's breakout film , Laugh at My Pain , to a $ 7.7 million gross in 2011 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Despicable Me 2 's " start just barely beat "  Monsters University 's " $ 82.4 million debut "  The Lone Ranger " lassoed in a dismal $ 48.9 million Depp 's last two films , "  Dark Shadows " and "  The Rum Diary , " also severely under-performed
Washington  CNN  -- Forced government spending cuts , known in Washington jargon as sequestration , took effect a month ago amid doomsday predictions of freed criminals , weakened borders and a crippled military . President Barack Obama and other federal officials warned that the harshest impacts would hit in April , with worker furloughs and program cuts rippling through the economy to stunt growth during a sluggish recovery . But as April dawned Monday , little evidence of widespread damage had emerged , leaving the president vulnerable to accusations that he hyped the impact for political purposes in the unending battle with Republicans over taxes and spending . The $ 85 billion in cuts for the rest of fiscal year 2013 , which ends September 30 , were mandated by a 2011 agreement by Congress that raised the federal debt ceiling . In an attempt to motivate legislators to compromise on a deficit-reduction plan , the agreement required $ 1.2 trillion in across-the-board spending cuts over a decade if Congress failed to strike a deal to shrink the deficit by that amount . Obama follows up on past call to bolster U.S. infrastructure The cuts targeted agencies and programs dear to Democrats , such as education , and also went after Republican priorities , including the military . It was a simple idea that now seems naÃ ¯ ve : Make the threat of forced cuts so onerous and undesirable that a deal on deficit reduction would be inevitable . Instead of instigating a bargain , sequestration became the latest deadline-driven fiscal crisis to reinforce the dysfunction of Congress in tackling what legislators and economists call the biggest challenge facing the nation -- reducing chronic federal deficits and debt . Chart : Real impact of cuts Now , those sky-is-falling scenarios tied to the cuts seem to be in question , providing conservatives who seek to shrink government some political room to argue that it needs less money , not more , as Democrats argue . To Stephen Fuller , director of the Center for Regional Analysis at George Mason University , both sides got some things right and others wrong . Forecasts show a rebounding economy in 2014 and 2015 , with or without the cuts , he noted . "  I think both sides were gaming it , " Fuller told CNN , noting that the long , slow recovery caused everyone to underestimate the resiliency of the economy . Senate passes first budget proposal in four years "  Next year and the year after , I do n't think people are going to care about " the sequester , he added . One reason the impact has been less harsh than expected is that Congress and Obama agreed to change the rules for their implementation , effectively weaseling out of the penalty they previously agreed to for failing to compromise . A spending plan through September 30 that Congress passed and Obama signed last month gave the military and some agencies more leeway for absorbing cuts . Because of the change , the Pentagon has reduced furloughs of some civilian workers from an initial total of 22 days to 14 , while the Justice Department has put off a decision on the furlough issue . Other departments and agencies held down furloughs by freezing hiring , curtailing overtime and improving efficiency . Federal meat inspectors avoided furloughs altogether due to additional money for the Agriculture Department . Some early steps to handle the spending cuts prompted headlines and controversy . U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement released more than 2,000 low-priority undocumented immigrants in order to save money , and the Federal Aviation Administration announced it would close scores of control towers at smaller airports . Overall , most Americans have yet to feel much pain . While some international travelers have faced longer lines when entering the country , the overall impact on airport security and other travel functions has been less arduous than initially feared . A CNN/ORC International survey two weeks ago found 11 % of respondents were affected a "  great deal " by the sequester and another 24 % cited "  some " impact , while 43 % answered "  none at all " and 21 % said "  not much . " Fuller noted that the cuts reduce planned spending for the rest of the current fiscal year and hold down increased spending over the coming decade . Put another way , the total amount of government spending 10 years from now would be no lower than it is today if the full impact of the cuts take effect , he said . While the cuts will cause the equivalent in lost wages of 1.58 million jobs this fiscal year , the overall strength of the economy would easily overcome that hit and the effects of related austerity in coming years , Fuller said . Program recipients and some industries and businesses linked to federal workers , such as the Washington Metro system and restaurants around the corner from government offices , would experience pain now , he said , but the cuts are "  not going to shake the national economy to the core . " The issue remains a political fight in Washington . Who 's in the tower ? At some regional airports soon , no one Republicans are criticizing the Obama administration for overstating the impacts in an attempt to pressure them into a deal . "  There 's a lot of questions about how the White House is handling the communications on this , " House Speaker John Boehner said shortly after the cuts took effect on March 1 . In response to a recent administration request for states to reimburse some already allocated funds due to the sequester , 31 House members -- including four Democrats -- sent a letter last week calling the move "  an obvious attempt ... to make the sequester as painful as possible . " Obama argues that anything to stunt economic growth as the recovery continues to struggle should be avoided . However , he may have lost some credibility after statements in the heat of the political battle in February that now seem overzealous . "  Federal prosecutors will have to close cases and let criminals go , " the president said on February 19 . "  Air traffic controllers and airport security will see cutbacks , which means more delays at airports across the country . Thousands of teachers and educators will be laid off . Tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find childcare for their kids . Hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings . " Ten days later , with a compromise unreachable and the cuts kicking in , Obama toned down the rhetoric . "  What 's important to understand is that not everyone will feel the pain of these cuts right away , " he told a news conference , later adding that "  we will get through this . This is not going to be an apocalypse , I think as some people have said . It 's just dumb . And it 's going to hurt . " The bottom line , according to Thomas Mann and Norman Ornstein of the Brookings Institution , is that the damage from the forced spending cuts "  will accumulate in less visible ways , as irrational reductions in public spending impede economic growth and job creation ; reduce investments in education , infrastructure and scientific research ; and further disrupt the routines of a modern democracy . " "  The longer the sequester remains in place , " they recently wrote in the Washington Post , "  the more harm is inflicted . " Fuller agreed that it would take years to assess the full impact of the sequester 's impact now , but said that in the end , renewed confidence would mean a growing economy and "  we 'll forget about it at some point . " Congress avoids shutdown , bickers over 2014 budget CNNMoney 's Jennifer Liberto contributed to this report .	Congress and President Obama soften impact of $ 85 billion in spending cuts The Pentagon and federal agencies seek to minimize worker furloughs Economist : A strengthening economy means "  we 'll forget about it at some point " Critics accuse the Obama administration of political hype in warning of economic harm
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani soldiers and militants battled Saturday in the country 's vast tribal region , with more than a dozen insurgents killed in airstrikes , at least four soldiers slain in skirmishes and a key village seized by troops , the military said . A Pakistani soldier pictured during operations against militants in June . The fatalities come hours after Pakistani troops launched a massive ground offensive backed up by air power targeting the Taliban in South Waziristan , a refuge and a power base for insurgents operating in Pakistan and along the Pakistani-Afghan border . The highly anticipated offensive , which comes after a wave of suicide attacks in Pakistan , also has prompted the exodus of tens of thousands of civilians , the U.N. refugee agency said . One military official said Pakistani troops seized control of Kotkai , where Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud has lived with fellow commander Qari Hussein , the mastermind behind some of Pakistan 's deadliest suicide attacks . Watch how the offensive began " Another military official said the airstrikes from jet fighters and helicopter gunships targeted militant hideouts in Kotkai and the villages of Badar , Barwand and Khisur , all strongholds of the Taliban and their late leader Baitullah Mehsud . The official asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media . There have been confrontations throughout the day between soldiers and militants . Along with the four slain soldiers , 12 have been wounded , the military said . Gen. Athar Abbas , the Pakistan military spokesman , said the ground offensive in South Waziristan was launched shortly after midnight after the military received clearance from the government . He said the region 's eight entry and exit points have been sealed by troops . Pakistani officials say that about 10,000 to 15,000 militants linked to the Taliban or to al Qaeda operate in South Waziristan , a harsh terrain familiar to militants but difficult for others to navigate . About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers have moved into the epicenter of Taliban activity in the region to counter their activities , officials said . Elsewhere in Pakistan 's tribal region , in the Mohmand Agency , at least eight militants and one soldier were killed Saturday when they exchanged gunfire near a military checkpoint , the military said . For months , the military had been targeting militant hideouts in South Waziristan and other hot spots in Pakistan 's tribal areas . This year , troops launched a large operation targeting militants in the Swat Valley , in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province . But despite these efforts , insurgents have continued to strike with relative impunity inside Pakistan , brazenly targeting government , police and security locations . The latest attack occurred Friday in the northern city of Peshawar , when a suicide car bomber detonated near a police station , killing 13 people , most of them civilians . The recent wave of deadly attacks has raised concerns about the ability of Pakistan 's security forces to maintain control . The attacks heightened internal and international pressure on the government to take swift and effective action . In a high-level meeting Friday , army chief Gen. Ashfaq Kayani "  gave a detailed briefing on the prevailing national security situation and its ramifications in the future , " according to a statement from the prime minister 's office . Those who attended the meeting condemned the recent attacks and "  agreed that these elements pose a serious threat to the sovereignty and integrity of the state , " the statement said . The attacks show "  once again that the militants in Pakistan threaten both Pakistan and the United States , " White House Deputy Press Secretary Bill Burton said . On Thursday , President Obama approved an additional $ 7.5 billion in assistance to Pakistan over the next five years .	NEW : Official says troops take village of Kotkai About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers move into epicenter of Taliban activity Up to 10,000 militants operating in South Waziristan , officials estimate Tens of thousands of civilians fleeing region , U.N. refugee agency says
CNN  -- Odin Lloyd texted his sister in the wee hours of June 17 . "  NFL . Just so you know . " At the time , according to prosecutors , Lloyd was in a silver Nissan Altima with Aaron Hernandez , a star tight end with the NFL 's New England Patriots , and two other people . About 3:25 a.m. -- two minutes after the message went out -- gunshots shattered the quiet night in a southeastern Massachusetts industrial park , according to witnesses . Not five minutes passed before a surveillance camera at his North Attleborough home captured video of Hernandez carrying what appears to be a gun , prosecutors said . Lloyd lay dead about a mile away . The video is among the evidence prosecutors are gathering in their case against Hernandez , 23 , who is set to be arraigned Friday . Let go by the Patriots , Hernandez will step into a courtroom for the sixth time since his June 26 arrest . He 's expected to formally plead not guilty to first-degree murder in the death of Lloyd , a 27-year-old semipro football player . "  He 's bearing up under the pressure , " defense attorney Michael Fee said when Hernandez was indicted last month . "  He understands what 's in front of him , and he 's committed to clearing his name . " Fee has told reporters that the case against his client , who is being held without bond , is circumstantial . "  There 's an incredible rush to judgment in this case , " according to the attorney . For his part , according to a TMZ report last month , Hernandez declared his innocence as he responded to a fan letter , saying that "  all the people who turned on me will feel like crap . " Investigation continues in another case Friday 's arraignment comes as authorities continue to investigate Hernandez in connection with an unsolved 2012 double homicide case in Boston . Investigators have obtained July 2012 video surveillance allegedly showing Hernandez at a nightclub at the same time as two men who were fatally shot that night , according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation . The video apparently does not show Hernandez interacting with Daniel Abreu , 29 , and Safiro Furtado , 28 , according to a law enforcement source . The development was first reported Wednesday by the Hartford Courant . Boston police have said the men were inside a BMW sprayed with gunfire after they left the nightclub . Law enforcement sources said they believe Hernandez rented a silver SUV with Rhode Island registration that was linked to the scene of the double homicide . After Lloyd 's murder , Bristol , Connecticut police discovered the vehicle by accident while searching the garage of Hernandez 's uncle , a law enforcement source told CNN . Boston police had been looking for the vehicle for almost a year , law enforcement sources added . Hernandez has not been charged in the unsolved double shooting . His attorneys have previously declined to comment to CNN when asked about the ongoing Boston investigation . Defense : Jury will find him ` innocent ' A Bristol County , Massachusetts , grand jury last month indicted Hernandez on a first-degree murder and five weapons charges . Prosecutors say Hernandez orchestrated the shooting of his friend Lloyd , who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . Fee said he was pleased with the indictment because it gave his client "  a path to trial , " and that a jury will find Hernandez "  innocent . " Police have not located the gun believed to have been used in the Lloyd killing . But prosecutors say Hernandez returned a rental car with a bullet casing that allegedly matched bullets found at the scene . Surveillance cameras showed the car believed to be carrying Hernandez and the others at the industrial park , according to authorities . Hernandez has been sitting in a jail cell as his former team , known for its stellar offense , contends for another Super Bowl title . The Patriots open their regular season Sunday against the Buffalo Bills . In his letter to the fan , as reported by TMZ , the fallen NFL star said the world makes things "  out of false accusations " and that he will be exonerated . "  I know there is a reason I 'm going thru this and I will figure it out through my relationship with the Lord , " Hernandez wrote . CNN 's Laura Dolan , Lorenzo Ferrigno , Greg Botelho and Laura Ly and HLN 's Amanda Sloane contributed to this report .	Aaron Hernandez is slated for arraignment Friday He 's expected to plead not guilty to slaying of friend Video among evidence gathered by prosecutors Former NFL star also investigated in 2012 slayings
CNN  -- Russian President Vladimir Putin has taken jabs at President Barack Obama and the concept of "  American exceptionalism " in a New York Times opinion piece , leaving some people impressed and others outraged . Putin was referring to Obama 's speech Tuesday night on Syria , in which he said America had an obligation to act in certain situations . "  That 's what makes us exceptional , " Obama said . Last year , as the idea of exceptionalism made headlines during the presidential election , CNN looked at the origins of the term and whether America truly was No. 1 . Revisit our series to learn more about the words fueling today 's debate : The power of American Exceptionalism Whether or not you think it 's true , the idea that America was "  chosen " by God to lead the world has shaped history in big ways , from the American Revolution to Election 2012 . Exceptional ? Not by the numbers Americans may call it "  the greatest country in the world , " but the United States is n't No. 1 in many areas . What can we learn from those who are ahead of us ? Photos : Faces of citizenship Citizens of 54 countries became naturalized U.S. citizens in a recent ceremony . We asked them about their stories and what they think makes America exceptional . Uniting America on ideals David Gergen and Michael Zuckerman say candidates do n't have to prove their view of American exceptionalism is better , they need to unite liberty and egalitarianism . American by choice The atmosphere is hushed and quiet as about 150 people take their seats . As big days go , this is one of the biggest . All these people are about to become citizens of the United States . Nationality , identity and the pledge CNN 's Moni Basu describes how she became an American citizen , and the ways that moment has affected her life . Where to find exceptional America American historians share where they enjoy exploring the history of the United States . Here are some of their favorite spots . America 's not perfect , but we love it Readers debate whether the U.S. is No. 1 and if it matters . Many said there are good and bad things about America , so perhaps we rank well in some areas , but not others .	Putin opinion piece in New York Times takes issue with "  American exceptionalism " CNN series looks at origins of the term and whether America is truly No. 1
CNN Student News  -- December 2 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Iraq & Kuwait California ; Tennessee ; Boca Raton , Florida Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Oscar-winning director James Cameron has plunged to the deepest known point in the world 's oceans , tweeting from his one-man submersible during the process . The filmmaker reached Challenger Deep , which is part of the Mariana Trench in the western Pacific Ocean , near Guam , at 7:52 a.m. Monday  5:52 p.m. ET Sunday  , according to Ellen Stanley , a spokeswoman for the National Geographic Society that is working with Cameron on the project . "  Just arrived at the ocean 's deepest pt , " Cameron wrote on Twitter . "  Hitting bottom never felt so good . " At more than 10,900 meters  about 35,800 feet  , the Mariana Trench is deeper than Mount Everest is tall . And it has had only two previous human visitors , as U.S. Navy Lt. Don Walsh and late Swiss explorer Jacques Piccard descended to that spot in 1960 . Cameron is the first person to make the dive solo , a distinction that also had been sought by billionaire businessman and adventurer Richard Branson and Patrick Lahey , an experienced submarine pilot . The man behind the blockbuster hits "  Titanic " and "  Avatar " went down in a high-tech vessel , the Deepsea Challenger , which he and a team of scientists and engineers constructed in Australia over the past eight years . Outfitted with special cameras and robotic arms , Deepsea Challenger is able to dive vertically at speeds of 500 to 700 feet per minute and can withstand immense pressure -- up to 16,000 pounds per square inch . Engineers and scientists joined Cameron 's team during Sunday 's deep sea endeavor . Earlier , he 'd said he plans to spend six hours at the bottom of the trench collecting samples for research that will allow scientists on board and around the world to learn about the habitat and life forms at that depth . "  It 's so exciting -- every second you see something cool or you 've got something to do or you 're photographing or you see some amazing fish , " Cameron told CNN earlier this month . Scientists hope that a fresh look at Challenger Deep will provide insight into many unfamiliar life forms in the depths of the ocean . It is estimated that more than 750,000 marine species have not been formally described in scientific literature over the centuries , triple the number of those that have been . The figures exclude microbes , of which a 2010 marine life census estimates there are up to one billion kinds . The nonprofit X-Prize Foundation has announced it will award a $ 10 million prize to the first person to reach the bottom of the Mariana Trench . Cameron told CNN he 's not interested in competing for this prize , or any other , because his mission is purely about scientific research . "  You know , there 's so much we do n't know , " Cameron said . "  I 'm hopeful that we 'll be able to study the ocean before we destroy it . " CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	Cameron hits Challenger Deep , part of the Mariana Trench , a spokeswoman says He 's the first person to dive solo to that spot , the deepest in any of the world 's oceans Cameron is the director of blockbuster hits such as "  Titanic " and "  Avatar "
CNN  -- At least one person has died and 14 are injured after part of the roof collapsed at a soccer stadium in the Netherlands Thursday , local officials have said . Sniffer dogs are being used to search for any others who may be trapped in the wreckage , Moniek Eberhard in the mayor 's office for the town of Enschede told CNN . Those injured are thought to be construction workers . It is not known how many people were working in the area when the collapse occurred , at midday local time . Two people were seriously injured and have been taken to hospital , while three were treated at the scene , Eberhard said . The club has grown over recent seasons , and was working to expand the seating at its stadium . Building work was being carried out on the roof above the stands at the FC Twente soccer club 's De Grolsch Veste stadium . Speaking at a televised news conference , the club 's general affairs manager , Jan van Halst , urged fans not to come to the stadium to see the damage as it might hinder the work of emergency responders . The club , founded in 1965 , finished second in the top Dutch league , the Eredivisie , last season , having won it the year before . FC Twente also made its first appearance in the Champions League , a major European tournament , last season . Enschede is to the east of the Netherlands , near the border with Germany . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report .	NEW : Soccer club official urges fans to stay away from the scene as rescue efforts continue One person confirmed dead and 14 hurt in the stadium roof collapse , local officials say The search continues for any other workers who might be trapped under the wreckage The stadium is for the FC Twente soccer club , one of the top Dutch clubs
CNN  -- An archeological team is set to break new ground in its excavation of an Egyptian temple where doomed lovers Cleopatra and Mark Antony may be buried . An excavation of an Egyptian temple my reveal where doomed lovers Cleopatra and Mark Antony are buried . A ground-penetrating , radar survey of the temple of Taposiris Magna and its surrounding area , west of Alexandria , was completed in March , following three years of digging , according to a statement from Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities . Taposiris Magna is one of the ancient towns located on Lake Mariut , which is today called Abusir . According to the council , the radar revealed three possible spots of interest where a tomb might be located . Recently , the team discovered a large , previously unknown cemetery outside the temple enclosure . "  The discovery of this cemetery indicates that an important person , likely of royal status , could be buried inside the temple . It was common for officials and other high-status individuals in Egypt to construct their tombs close to those of their rulers throughout the Pharaonic period , " according to the council . The expedition has so far turned up 27 tombs , 20 of them shaped like vaulted sarcophagi , and seven simple burial chambers that are reached by staircases . Inside these chambers , the team found 10 mummies , two of them gilded . Other discoveries include an alabaster bust of Cleopatra , and 22 coins bearing her "  beautiful " image , according to council Secretary-General Zahi Hawass . The discovery contradicts some recent reports that describe her as unattractive , he said . "  Among the most interesting finds is a unique mask depicting a man with a cleft chin . The face bears some similarity to known portraits of Mark Antony himself , " Hawass said . The love story of Antony and Cleopatra has been a favorite theme for writers and filmmakers . The 1963 Oscar-winning movie of the couple starred Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton , who themselves became star-crossed lovers . Cleopatra ruled Egypt between 51 B.C. until her suicide in 30 B.C. , following Mark Antony 's naval defeat against Caesar 's adopted son Octavian at Actium in the Mediterranean . Mark Antony , once a general in Caesar 's army , killed himself before Cleopatra took her own life , after being falsely informed that Cleopatra already had died .	Archeologists to search three sites that may contain tombs of Cleopatra , Mark Antony Bust of Cleopatra , 22 coins bearing her image have been found so far Antony , Cleopatra committed suicide in 31 B.C. after battle of Actium
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Blogger Perez Hilton said he has no regrets about posting a Twitter message that linked to a controversial upskirt photo of Miley Cyrus this week . Suggestions that Hilton violated child porn laws reverberated online because some people believed it showed the 17-year-old singer-actress 's private parts . Hilton , appearing on HLN 's "  The Joy Behar Show " Thursday , said people "  are getting upset over an image they did n't see . " "  You did n't see anything down there , " Hilton told Behar . "  I ca n't help it , Joy , if America has a very dirty imagination . " The photo appeared to have been digitally altered to give the impression that Cyrus was not wearing underwear , according to Behar , who saw a copy of the photo provided by Hilton . "  I feel like if everyone saw this image in question , they would clearly see that you 're not seeing anything down there that you 're not supposed to , " Hilton said . "  It 's definitely not child pornography and it 's definitely not illegal . " A spokesman with the U.S. Attorney office in Los Angeles said there was no criminal investigation into Hilton 's posting . Other photos taken at the same time clearly showed panties under her white dress , Hilton said . "  The point of me choosing that one photo is because it was showing Miley getting out of the car in an unladylike fashion , " he said . "  And I just thought that was funny and in keeping with her shocking behavior of late , because she was very well aware that she was in a public place at a video shoot and that there were paparazzi present . " Hilton has frequently satirized Miley Cyrus , a teenaged Disney star who is approaching adulthood with cameras constantly tracking her . "  It 's not actually doing anything worse than Miley herself has been doing recently , from grinding up on her 40-something-year-old director to pole dancing to all the over-sexualized things that she has been doing and turning herself into this creature , " he said . The photo never appeared on Hilton 's celebrity gossip website , but was linked to a message he sent to the 2 million followers of his Twitter account . "  I would have posted the image on my site had I been able to , but it was taken by one photo agency that I do n't have a deal with , " he said . "  So I 've learned my mistake in the past about using photos that I do n't have licenses to . " The offending photo disappeared from its original online location by Monday morning , although it was republished on some other sites . Hilton thrives off such controversies , including when he asked Miss California about her same-sex marriage views at last year 's Miss USA pageant . Carrie Prejean , who was a runner-up in the competition , became the center of a public frenzy as a result . While the controversy may drive readers to Hilton 's site , he acknowledged that it also drove an advertiser away . ABC pulled ads for its TV show "  The View " from his site , he said . ABC is owned The Walt Disney Company , which also produced Miley Cyrus 's show .	Hilton linked to controversial photo in a Twitter message Blogger says pic showed ` nothing down there ' Feds are not investigating child porn charge ABC pulled ads from Hilton 's website
CNN  -- It 's not clear who might try to succeed Jan Brewer as governor of Arizona next year , but chances are good that whoever it is wo n't be quite as flamboyant . The finger-wagging , gun-loving politician , known as a firebrand who exhibits flashes of moderation , announced on Wednesday that she would "  pass the torch of leadership " and not run for reelection . Her term ends in January . Feisty on immigration A feisty Republican who rose up through local politics to the state 's highest office , Brewer generated national headlines in recent years for her public opposition to President Barack Obama on border security and immigration reform . "  First entering public service as a mother concerned about the workings of her local school board , Governor Brewer has served with distinction at every level of state and local government over the last three decades , " veteran Republican Sen. John McCain said Wednesday , calling her "  a great champion for our state . " As secretary of state , Brewer automatically ascended to the gubernatorial gig in 2009 when Gov. Janet Napolitano left the job to head the Department of Homeland Security under Obama . Brewer then easily won election to a full term in 2010 . Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer wo n't seek reelection Just over a year into her tenure , she rose to national prominence by signing SB1070 into law . The strict immigration measure , also known as the "  show me your papers " act , allowed law enforcement to ask people for legal documents . "  Show me your papers " law Critics complained the measure would lead to racial profiling , and the U.S. Supreme Court eventually struck down some provisions of it but left intact the controversial section allowing police to check immigration status while enforcing other laws . The issue gained Brewer the reputation of conservative firebrand , and she enhanced it in 2012 when she famously wagged her finger at Obama during a face-to-face encounter on an airport runway when he visited Arizona . In her bid for reelection that year , she won the endorsement of the National Rifle Association even though her primary opponent sat on the organization 's board of directors . The NRA gave Brewer an A + rating and under her leadership , Arizona became one of three states to allow people to carry concealed weapons without a permit . In addition , people can take concealed weapons into restaurants or bars with a permit if no alcohol is consumed . Inside Politics : Is Brewer part of a GOP evolution ? However , her conservative credentials took a hit in 2013 when she decided Arizona would participate in the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act . A moderate side Some other conservative governors chose for their states to opt out instead of accepting federal money to pay for the expansion , but Brewer called it a "  moral " obligation to provide health care for the poor and uninsured . In February , Brewer vetoed a controversial state bill that would have allowed business owners asserting their religious beliefs to deny service to gay and lesbian customers . If she had accepted the measure , Arizona could have faced litigation and a boycott , potentially harming Arizona 's economy and tourism industry as well as the 2015 Super Bowl to be played there . Protesters celebrate Ariz. governor 's veto Brewer cited the business community 's opposition to the bill in announcing her veto . Arizona law dictates that a governor ca n't run for more than two consecutive terms , and her time in office before she was elected in 2010 would count as a full four-year term . Differing opinions exist on whether Brewer could be eligible , but she made clear Wednesday she would step down , vowing to "  work until my final hours completing the people 's business . " "  Both my pen and my veto stamp have plenty of ink , " she said . CNN 's Leigh Ann Caldwell , Dana Bash , Miguel Marquez and Quand Thomas contributed to this report .	Jan Brewer , who took on President Obama over homeland security , will not seek reelection She became famous for signing the "  show me your papers " law A conservative firebrand , Brewer also has a moderate side on some issues Pen , veto stamp still have "  plenty of ink , " Brewer warns
CNN  -- A 16-year-old North Carolina girl who disappeared while visiting family in Baltimore continues to be the object of an intense search by authorities , who now say they fear she was abducted or harmed . "  We are enormously concerned , " Baltimore police spokesman Anthony J. Guglielmi said Friday . "  Every day that passes we get more and more freaked out . " Phylicia Barnes , a Charlotte , North Carolina , resident who was in Baltimore to visit her college-age half-sister , was last seen December 28 , after saying she was going out to get something to eat and maybe a haircut , Guglielmi said . As recently as Tuesday , police said they had no evidence that foul play was involved in her disappearance . But now they say she has not made contact with friends or family , and has n't turned on her cell phone , used an ATM or updated her social media sites since she disappeared . The FBI did a profile on the girl and found no reason she would run away , Guglielmi said . She is a good student with no emotional disturbances in her life , he said . "  The fact set of this case is different than anything else we 've seen , " he said . More than 100 Baltimore police , Maryland State Police troopers and FBI agents have been working around the clock to find out what happened to Barnes , Guglielmi said . Police have questioned a dozen people believed to have had contact with her in the hours before she disappeared , and have searched the homes and cars of some of those people , he said . They also have collected 40 hours of video from surveillance cameras at nearby businesses and apartment buildings , but neither those videos nor searches conducted in two locations have helped give investigators any leads , Guglielmi said . On Thursday , they turned to posting billboards along I-95 in hope of gathering information about the girl 's fate . "  What 's going to break this thing wide open is that somebody , whether it 's  in  Kansas or Canada , is going to say , wait a minute , I just saw her in a diner , " Guglielmi said Friday . "  That 's in the best case . " Although Guglielmi said there was no evidence of illegal drug use at the apartment , the girl 's mother , Janice Sallis , said she has been told the girl may have been allowed to drink alcohol and smoke marijuana at her half-sister 's apartment , according to CNN and CNN affiliate WSOC . Sallis said she had been told up to 20 men had come and gone while her daughter was there . "  I pray to God that my daughter is fine and she 'll be found safe , " Barnes ' father , Russell Barnes , told CNN affiliate WBAL . "  I hope people keep praying as high as they can and understand that this should n't happen to any child anywhere in this country . " Anyone with information on Barnes ' disappearance can call 855-223-0033 .	NEW : Baltimore police "  more and more freaked out "  about girl 's disappearance NEW : Dozens of interviews and 40 hours of video have yielded no clues Barnes disappeared December 28 ; police fear she may have been harmed or abducted Authorities are posting billboards along I-95 in search of leads
CNN  -- "  How much did you weigh when you were born ? " Dr. Alfred Brann asks the first time we talk . It 's not a typical , get-to-know-you kind of question , but it seems almost normal coming from Brann . He 's a pediatric neurologist who specializes in perinatal medicine and reproductive health in the United States and developing countries . Each year , worldwide , nearly 1 million babies die on the day they are born , according to a new report from Save the Children . Giving birth is also risky for mothers ; nearly 800 women die every day during pregnancy or childbirth . While we 've made significant strides in reducing child and maternal mortality rates since the 1970s , there are still many lives to save . "  Almost all newborn deaths originate from preventable and treatable causes , " the report authors write . "  We already have the tools available to save about three-quarters of the newborns who needlessly die each year . " Brann has worked his entire life to ensure that moms and their babies have the best chance of survival . In 1983 , he co-wrote the American Academy of Pediatrics ' first official "  Guidelines for Perinatal Care , " which is still being used by doctors to ensure pregnant women and their infants receive quality care . Now , as director of the Global Collaborating Center in Reproductive Health at Emory University in Atlanta , Brann 's primary focus is on preventing low birth weight by improving women 's health care . Brann recently spoke with CNN about his work and the personal loss that inspired his passion . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : Why are you so passionate about this issue ? Dr. Alfred Brann : My mother died during my birth in 1934 in Arkansas . She was 30 when I was born . She was born in the 1900s and she went to college -- unusual for  women at that time  . I think if there had been a cesarean section possibility , then my mother would have survived . It was unclear whether she had an old rheumatic heart disease that may have affected a valve . Or ... there was a lot of malaria at the time . The possibility might have been that she had malarial heart disease and was really tired out and could n't make labor . They had to pull me out . My mother died shortly after that . CNN : What are the most common health issues associated with a low birthweight ? Brann : A low-birthweight infant is at greater risk for respiratory distress , bacterial infections , gastrointestinal tract problems and the effects of jaundice . In surviving infants weighing less than 3.5 pounds , problems of neurodevelopmental disabilities include cerebral palsy , impaired mental development , blindness and hearing deficits . CNN : The center at Emory has developed what 's called a "  systems approach " to reducing maternal and infant deaths . Why is that important ? Brann : We have to treat the triad of the mother , the fetus and the newborn in a very special , continuous way . There has to be a systems approach to care . Infant  mortality , you see , we do n't have a vaccine to prevent that . It 's not like polio ; it 's not like smallpox . From the moment a little girl is born ... all the things that influence her life , all the factors that influence her life , are extremely important . We clearly understand that the missing link in all  maternal and infant deaths  is the absence of women 's health . That 's not pregnant women 's health , you see . It 's women 's health . It 's critical that we change our whole view , that the woman is more than a vessel for making children . Her health is very vital . CNN : What 's the goal of the center ? Brann : "  The role in those in leadership must be to continuously reevaluate what is unacceptable . " That 's  a quote  from the doctor that eradicated smallpox . I 've sort of moved from  saving  the high-risk , critical , intensive-care tiny babies to finally asking myself , "  Where are all of these babies coming from , and can we have fewer ? " Yes , we need continued research on finding out why things happen . But there is a moral imperative in implementing what we already know works . And the collaborating center has been about that mission . CNN : What have you 've learned working in developing nations ? Brann : We 've probably ... worked in some 30 different countries .  We are  in active projects right now in Russia and in Mexico . We have been working in Cuba a number of years . Our center is working in places like Afghanistan , and the Central Asian republics , some in sub-Saharan Africa . I 've worked in all those regions . The message , I think , there is the fact that if you do not have malaria , then the issues surrounding women 's health and pregnancy outcomes -- whether it 's in the delta of Mississippi , in south Fulton County in Atlanta , Islamabad , in Beijing , in Havana , in Mexico City -- all around the world , the issues of women 's health are the same . CNN : What do you mean ? Brann : Women in low-resource settings have difficulty controlling their lives . You did n't choose your parents , and ... you did n't choose your color of your skin . You did n't choose the country in which you 're born . If you think carefully , that probably influences 90 % of our  health  outcomes . We have maybe 10 % left . It 's just great to be involved in helping to improve a system of health care through which we never ask to come . We work within ministries of health , and also within universities , so that we can help design systems that influence all of the population . CNN : What is most crucial for a woman to have a healthy baby ? Not too early , not too many , not too soon and not too late . The best outcome for a healthy pregnancy is to be wanted , planned and have access to prenatal care with appropriate nutrition and delivered by a skilled attendant ... followed by access to modern contraception for appropriate child spacing .	Dr. Alfred Brann is a pediatric neurologist who specializes in perinatal medicine Brann works to ensure both moms and their babies have the best chance of survival He believes a cesarean section may have saved his mom , who died during childbirth
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- For a first-time candidate in one of the tightest and most closely watched Senate races , there may not be a better opportunity to raise your profile than a prime-time speaking slot at the Democratic convention as an opening act for former President Bill Clinton But that 's where Elizabeth Warren stood on Wednesday night in Charlotte where she delivered a strident speech that brought a packed convention arena to its feet in thunderous appreciation . "  Americans are fighters . We are tough , resourceful and creative . If we have the chance to fight on a level playing field -- where everyone pays a fair share and everyone has a real shot -- then no one can stop us , " Warren said . A Harvard law professor , Warren is challenging Sen. Scott Brown , R-Massachusetts , for the seat he won in a 2010 special election to replace the late Democrat Ted Kennedy . It has been a tight race for the better part of a year , and Warren aimed key parts of her nationally televised address to Bay State voters . Warren was best known before her campaign as a watchdog of the government 's corporate bailout program , a top financial adviser to President Barack Obama , and the force behind a high-profile agency borne from the 2010 Wall Street reform legislation , the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau . CNN Fact Check : The $ 2,000 question ... She focused most of her convention appearance on the middle class , a major theme for Democrats at their convention and on the campaign trail . "  For many years now , our middle class has been chipped , squeezed , and hammered , " she said . "  People feel like the system is rigged against them . And here 's the painful part : They 're right . The system is rigged . " While she did n't mention Brown in her speech , Warren went after the more conservative Mitt Romney , Obama 's Republican opponent in November who she characterized as an uncompromising ally of Wall Street who would raise taxes on the middle class . "  Mitt Romney wants to give billions in breaks to big corporations -- but he and Paul Ryan would pulverize financial reform , voucher-ize Medicare , and vaporize Obamacare , " she said of the former Massachusetts governor and his running mate . Warren repeated a line she frequently uses on the campaign trail , taking aim at Romney 's infamous statement that "  corporations are people . " "  No , Governor Romney , " she said . "  Corporations are not people . People have hearts , they have kids , they get jobs , they get sick , they cry , they dance . They live , they love , and they die . And that matters . " Well under way for about a year , Warren 's race is one of the most expensive Senate campaigns in the country . Since entering the contest , Warren has raised a massive $ 28 million , with Brown also taking in more than $ 19 million . The question now is whether her speech will give her a boost to put her ahead of Brown . When Warren entered the contest a year ago , she quickly rose to the ranks of widely known and beloved Democrats , having already been a target of congressional Republicans for taking on Wall Street , a key GOP constituency . Political observers have described the race as crucial for determining control of the Senate . Democrats hold a four-seat margin in the 100-seat chamber . Additionally , two Independents reliably caucus with Democrats . The Senate campaign has largely grown into a competition over which candidate is the toughest advocate for everyday people . Republicans , however , try to frame her as a liberal ideologue with little to no centrist appeal . Warren got big spotlight at the convention , while Brown has not tied himself so closely to his party . Brown did n't make a high-profile speech at last week 's GOP convention and he is less than shy about asserting his independent spirit as a Republican in typically Democratic Massachusetts . He launched a website this week critical of Warren on taxes and other issues . Progressive group hits milestone in support of Warren Obama sings high praises for Warren CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Elizabeth Warren delivers rousing prime time speech at Democratic convention NEW : Senate candidate Warren directs some of her comments at voters in Massachusetts Warren took heat from Republicans for taking on Wall Street , nomination to key post stalled Warren is a Harvard law professor whose message was aimed at boosting middle class
CNN  -- Forget Disneyland ! Costa Rica is the happiest place in the world , according to an independent research group in Britain with the goal of building a new economy , "  centered on people and the environment . " Costa Rica is known for its lush rain forests and pristine beaches . In a report released Saturday , the group ranks nations using the "  Happy Planet Index , " which seeks countries with the most content people . In addition to happiness , the index by the New Economics Foundation considers the ecological footprint and life expectancy of countries . "  Costa Ricans report the highest life satisfaction in the world and have the second-highest average life expectancy of the new world  second to Canada  , " the organization said in a statement . They "  also have an ecological footprint that means that the country only narrowly fails to achieve the goal of ... consuming its fair share of the Earth 's natural resources . " The Central American country , tucked between Nicaragua and Panama , touts its lush rain forests and pristine beaches . Its president , Oscar Arias Sanchez , won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1987 for trying to help end civil wars in several Central American countries . This year 's survey , which looked at 143 countries , featured Latin American nations in nine of the Top 10 spots . The runner-up was the Dominican Republic , followed by Jamaica , Guatemala and Vietnam . Most developed nations lagged in the study . While Britain ranked 74th , the United States snagged the 114th spot , because of its hefty consumption and massive ecological footprint . The United States was greener and happier 20 years ago than it is today , the report said . Other populous nations , such as China and India , had a lower index brought on by their vigorous pursuit of growth-based models , the survey suggested . "  As the world faces the triple crunch of deep financial crisis , accelerating climate change and the looming peak in oil production , we desperately need a new compass to guide us , " said Nic Marks , founder of the foundation 's center for well-being . Marks urged nations to make a collective global change before "  our high-consuming lifestyles plunge us into the chaos of irreversible climate change . " The report , which was first conducted in 2006 , covers 99 percent of the world population , the statement said .	Costa Rica beats out Dominican Republic as "  happiest " place in world Independent British group claims Costa Ricans have world 's highest life satisfaction Central American nation also praised for its environmental efforts
Lonely Planet  -- While many visitors to Canada -- especially those who think Canadians live under a permanent blanket of snow -- are surprised to learn that wine is produced in Canada , their suspicion is always tempered after a drink or two . Canada 's wines have gained ever-greater kudos in recent years and while smaller-scale production and the industry dominance of other wine regions means they 'll never be a global market leader , there are some truly lip-smacking surprises waiting for thirsty grape lovers . The best way to sample any wine is to head straight to the source , where you can taste the region in the glass . You wo n't want to miss the multitude of top table wineries in Ontario 's Niagara region or British Columbia 's Okanagan Valley -- the country 's leading producers -- but a visit to the smaller , often rustic wineries of Québec and the charming boutique operations of Nova Scotia and Vancouver Island 's Cowichan Valley can be just as rewarding . Wherever your tipple-craving crawl takes you  with a designated driver of course  , drink widely and deeply and prepare to be surprised . And make sure you have plenty of room in your suitcase -- packing materials are always available , but you 'll probably drink everything before you make it to the airport anyway . Regional Wine List Depending on how thirsty you are , you 're rarely too far from a wine region in Canada . Which means that most visitors can easily add a mini tasting tour to their visit if they 'd like to meet a few producers and sample some intriguing local flavors . Here 's a rundown of the best areas , including the magnum-sized larger regions and the thimble-sized smaller locales : Lonely Planet : In vino veritas : Italy 's regional wines Okanagan Valley The rolling hills of this lakeside BC region are well worth the five-hour drive from Vancouver . Studded among the vine-striped slopes are more than 100 wineries enjoying a diverse climate that fosters both crisp whites and bold reds . With varietals including pinot noir , pinot gris , pinot blanc , merlot and chardonnay , there 's a wine here to suit almost every palate . Most visitors base themselves in Kelowna , the Okanagan 's wine capital , before fanning out to well-known blockbuster wineries like Mission Hill , Quail 's Gate , Cedar Creek and Summerhill Pyramid Winery  yes , it has a pyramid  . Many of them also have excellent vista-hugging restaurants . Find out more about BC 's wine regions and annual festivals -- and download free touring maps -- at www.winebc.com . Golden Mile Some of BC 's best Okanagan wineries are centered south of the valley around the historic town of Oliver , where the Golden Mile 's hot climate fosters a long , warm growing season . Combined with gravel , clay and sandy soils , this area is ideally suited to varietals like merlot , chardonnay , gewürztraminer and cabernet sauvignon . While the 20 or so wineries here are not actually crammed into one mile -- it 's more like 20 kilometers -- the proximity of celebrated producers like Burrowing Owl , Tinhorn Creek and Road 13 Vineyards makes this an ideal touring area . And if you 're still thirsty , continue south to Osoyoos and check out Nk ` Mip Cellars , a First Nations winery on the edge of a desert . Vancouver Island Long-established as a farming area , Vancouver Island 's verdant Cowichan Valley is also home to some great little wineries . A short drive from Victoria , you 'll find Averill Creek , Blue Grouse , Cherry Point Vineyards and Venturie-Schulze . Also consider Merridale Estate Cidery , which produces six celebrated ciders on its gently-sloped orchard grounds . For information on the wineries here , visit www.wineislands.ca . Niagara Peninsula This picture-perfect Ontario region of country inns and charming old towns offers more than 60 wineries and grows more than three-quarters of Canada 's grapes . Neatly divided between the low-lying Niagara-on-the-Lake area and the higher Niagara Escarpment , its complex mix of soils and climates -- often likened to the Loire Valley -- is ideal for chardonnay , riesling , pinot noir and cabernet-franc varietals . This is also the production center for Canadian icewine , that potently sweet dessert drink made from grapes frozen on the vine . Home to some of Canada 's biggest and best wineries , including Inniskillin , Jackson-Triggs and Peller Estates , do n't miss smaller pit-stops like Magnotta and Cave Spring Cellars in the Escarpment area . Lonely Planet : Tripping California Wine Country Prince Edward County Proving that not all of Ontario 's wineries are clustered in Niagara , this comparatively new grape-growing region -- located in the province 's southeastern corner and almost three hours drive from Toronto -- is a charming alternative if you want to avoid the tour buses winding through the main wine area . A long-established fruit-growing district with generally lower temperatures than Niagara , cooler-climate wines are favored here -- including chardonnay and pinot noir . The most intriguing wineries include Closson Chase , Black Prince Winery and Grange of Prince Edward . If your taste buds are piqued , consider checking out other Ontario wine regions like Pelee Island and Lake Erie North Shore . Eastern Townships Starting around 80 km southeast of Montréal , this idyllic patchwork farmland region in Québec is studded with quiet villages , leafy woodlands , crystal clear lakes and winding countryside roads . A rising tide of wineries has joined the traditional farm operations here in recent years , with rieslings and chardonnays particularly suited to the area 's cool climate and soil conditions . But it 's the local icewines , dessert wines and fruit wines that are the area 's main specialties , so make sure you come with a sweet tooth . Wineries to perk up your taste-buds here include Domaine Félibre , Vignoble de L'Orpailleur and Vignoble le Cep d'Argent . Montérégie The dominant player in Québec 's wider Eastern Townships , this bumpy and bucolic area is packed with vineyards and orchards  not to mention a surfeit of maple groves  . A major fruit farming region -- this is an ideal spot to try ciders and flavor-packed fruit wines -- growers here are happy to try just about any red or white varietal , but it 's their rosés that are particularly memorable . Recommended wineries include Domaine St-Jacques , Les Petits Cailloux and Vignoble des Pins ; and keep in mind that Québec restaurants often encourage diners to bring their own bottles , so fill your car as you explore the region . Nova Scotia Divided into six boutique wine-producing regions -- from the warm shoreline of Northumberland Strait to the verdant Annapolis Valley -- Nova Scotia 's two-dozen wineries are mostly just a couple of hours drive from big city Halifax . One of the world 's coldest grape-growing areas , cool-climate whites are a staple here , including a unique varietal known as l'Acadie Blanc . Innovative sparkling wines are a Nova Scotia specialty and they tend to dominate the drops that are on offer at the popular stops such as the excellent Benjamin Bridge Vineyards . Other highly recommended destinations to fill up your glass include Gaspereau Vineyards , Jost Vineyards and Domaine De Grand Pre . Lonely Planet : Top 10 Canadian adventures © 2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Canada 's wines have gained ever-greater kudos in recent years You 're rarely too far from a wine region in Canada Prince Edward County , a comparatively new grape-growing region , is a charming alternative to Niagara
CNN  -- In that never-ending search for "  the next big thing in tech , " talk has turned to wearable gadgets , especially in the form of a smartwatch that syncs with your smartphone . Just about every major tech company from Apple to Samsung to Google is reportedly working on its own take on the concept . Assuming the reports are true -- and they 're far too numerous and consistent not to be -- a big wave of new smartwatches is coming soon . But these wrist gadgets are nothing new . In fact , smartwatches have a long history of failure , especially in recent years as the modern smartphone market began its explosive growth . Too many companies tried too hard to make the dream of a Dick Tracy-style watch happen before we were ready for it . There 's an extensive list of smartwatch blunders in recent years . Microsoft created a software platform called SPOT that delivered news updates to watches via FM radio waves for $ 59 a year . Companies such as Swatch and Fossil signed on to make compatible devices , but SPOT bombed . Microsoft killed it in 2008 . Then there were watches that doubled as smartphones . LG and Samsung gave that category a whirl late last decade , but the devices were way too expensive and not nearly as functional as a traditional smartphone . And Sony , a company desperately trying to remain relevant in today 's mobile-centric world , still sells an Android-based smartwatch that it introduced last year , but reviews of the device are pretty bad . So are Apple , Samsung and Google setting themselves up for failure ? No way . Look at it this way . Tablets were nothing new when Apple introduced the iPad in 2010 . Microsoft was even noodling around with making a bigger push in the space at the time until Apple came along and completely redefined the category . In three short years , tablets have started eating into traditional PC sales as people prefer to buy a device that can do most of the things their laptop can at a fraction of the price . It seems like the public is finally ready to accept smartwatches the way they accepted Apple 's iPad . Last year , a company called Pebble caused a lot of hype when it raised a whopping $ 10.3 million on Kickstarter from 68,000 people . Pebble makes a smartwatch with a black-and-white screen similar to the E-Ink display on your Kindle . It can connect to your Android phone or iPhone via Bluetooth and display incoming text messages and other notifications . Plus it lets you control basic phone functions such as the music player . With all the hype surrounding this tiny startup , it feels like the hokeyness of a wrist computer has all but evaporated in the public 's eye . The answer seems to be to make a device that is n't a replacement for your smartphone , but a clever companion , something that takes away the need to pull out your phone from your pocket or purse . Instead , you 'll just glance at your wrist , as if you were simply checking the time , to see what 's going on in the world . Or , with Google 's much-anticipated Glass connected headset , you 'll glance up at a tiny screen above your eye . According to an unscientific survey of users by mobile deals site BuyVia , the top five features respondents said they 'd like to see in a smartwatch were e-mail and texting , phone calls , GPS , Wi-Fi and weather updates -- the same features people now rely on in their smartphones . We were n't ready for smartwatches before , but now that smartphones are so ingrained in our lives , Apple and others appear smart to give wearable tech another chance . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Apple , Samsung , Google and others are reportedly working on a smartwatch Other companies have tried to make a Dick Tracy-style watch happen before we were ready Public finally seems ready to accept smartwatches the way they accepted the iPad
CNN  -- As 2013 comes to a close , the conventional wisdom is grim : Immigration reform is dead . Expectations ran high ; this was supposed to be the year . The President promised action , and the 2012 elections drove home the political imperative . But then , after struggling mightily , Congress failed to get it done -- again . It hardly matters whether you blame the President , House Republicans or the immigration-reform movement . There 's still nothing to show for the year . â $ ŽBut once again , as so often with immigration , the conventional wisdom is wrong . Politics is n't baseball . The end of the year is n't the end of an inning , wiping out all gains that do n't deliver a man across home plate . Passing landmark legislation is more like long-distance running : Momentum builds over the long haul , and progress is cumulative . From that perspective , 2013 was a banner year for immigration reform , and we could still win . Congress could pass a far-reaching immigration overhaul -- in 2014 . Start with the progress made in 2013 . Most important was the sea change in the Republican Party . It started with the 2012 election and the difference Latino voters made for President Barack Obama , but the ferment spread and deepened as the truth sunk in among party regulars over the course of the year . Marquee figures like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie showed that the GOP can appeal to Latinos . He won 51 % of their vote is his reelection bid in November . Many , if not most , Republicans in Congress now grasp that they need to be part of the solution on immigration -- for the good of the party and the country . Just look at pronouncements in recent months by House Speaker John Boehner , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , House GOP favorite Paul Ryan and many others , including some of Congress ' most conservative Republicans . The pro-immigration-reform movement also looks completely different today than it looked just 12 months ago . A Who 's Who of American business leaders has come forward to endorse change : from Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg to the Wall Street Journal 's blue chip CEO Council . Unlike in years past , when most employers hid from the debate , or at best worked the issue quietly behind the scenes , many companies are now eager to link their names with immigration reform : well-known national companies like Caterpillar , Marriott and State Farm Insurance , but also local mom-and-pop businesses like the 100 small business owners from Clark County Washington who organized this summer to post pro-reform flyers in their shop windows . Along with business , there has been an outpouring of support from evangelical ministers . One Washington-based group , the Evangelical Immigration Table , claims to have more than 200,000 Christian "  prayer partners " lined up nationwide . The broader immigration-reform movement does n't always act in its own self-interest : why , for example , the recent Capitol Hill protest aimed at Eric Cantor -- one of the leading Republican champions of an immigration overhaul ? But together , business and faith voices make a powerful case for reform that combines the economic rationale with a moral imperative . Most important , neither of these changes -- in the Republican Party or the pro-reform movement -- is reversible . This is a shifting of tectonic plates . When much of the national GOP , the business establishment and the evangelical movement want something done , it 's probably going to get done eventually . The question is n't if , it 's when . So what 's blocking reform ? The obstacles have little to do with immigration . The problem is the same-old-same-old that 's been blocking virtually all movement in Washington this year . It falls under the general rubric of partisan gridlock , but the real sticking points are more localized : bitter mistrust between House Republicans and the White House , and a divide within the GOP driven by a relatively small handful of lawmakers and outside groups who oppose compromise of any kind on any issue . The good news is that this month 's budget deal suggests that the logjam may be breaking up . Together , Speaker Boehner and Rep. Ryan defied the "  Hell no " holdout wing of their party and delivered a compromise budget , even at a time of peak Republican mistrust and antipathy for the president . This does n't mean the GOP divide has healed -- there were plenty of Republicans who opposed the budget deal or went along despite their better judgment . But the vote has raised hope among immigration reformers . Can Speaker Boehner and Rep. Ryan pull off a similar deal next year on immigration ? Many signs suggest they could , including what 's going on behind the scenes among House Republicans . It 's well known that two different GOP lawmakers are working , separately , on bills that would create a path to citizenship for young people brought to the U.S. illegally as children , the "  Dreamers . " And several other Republicans are working on proposals that would grant legal status to the Dreamers ' parents . In other words , more than a half dozen GOP congressmen are preparing to sponsor -- or compete to sponsor -- what many in the party would once have called "  amnesty " bills . Some caveats : House leadership is not going to pass immigration reform over the heads of conservative Republicans . It will pass it only with them -- with their support . The House is not going to take up the Senate immigration bill . Any movement in the House will be piecemeal , smaller measure by smaller measure , each addressing a different aspect of what 's wrong with the immigration system . Leadership is not going to waive what 's known as the Hastert rule , under which every bill that passes must command a majority of the majority -- at least 118 Republican votes . And there will be no path to citizenship for most unauthorized immigrant adults -- it 's going to be enough of a stretch for the House to deliver a path to legal status that stops short of citizenship . Even this will be difficult in an election year . The windows to act will be narrow . Members will be even more cautious and calculating than usual . And getting reform over the finish line will be a test for Democrats as well as Republicans . The challenge for the GOP will be to pass a package of bills out of the House . The challenge for Democrats , in Congress and the White House , will be coming together for a deal on legal status rather than citizenship for most unauthorized immigrants . It 's going to be a long year . Nothing is guaranteed . But what makes me optimistic is a growing sense of momentum . It 's still slow and low-key , more apparent behind the scenes than in public or in the media . But there 's no question : Momentum is building in the House -- 2014 could be the year . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tamar Jacoby .	Tamar Jacoby : At 2013 end , immigration reform seems dead , but it 's not She says the year brought big progress , support from CEOs , evangelicals , even GOP She says change slow , but tectonic , likely wo n't include citizenship , but legal status Jacoby : Can House GOP , Dems compromise ? It will be tricky , but momentum building
Five Republican presidential candidates are boycotting a proposed Univision debate because of what they say were unethical reporting practices by the Spanish-language network in how it handled a story concerning Republican Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida . Univision Tuesday denied allegations that it told Rubio it might not broadcast a story about his brother-in-law 's 24-year-old drug conviction if the freshman senator appeared on "  Al Punto , " one of the network 's news programs . Univision has called the allegations "  absurd " and says its July story of the drug bust was reported fairly and accurately . "  With respect to Sen. Rubio , Univision covered the issue in the same objective and impartial manner in which we cover all important news , " Isaac Lee , president of Univision news , said in a written statement . "  Univision did not offer to soften or ignore the report about an anti-drug raid that involved the family of Sen. Rubio . We would never make such an offer with any protagonist in a news report and we did not make an offer in this case . " Rubio , the former Florida House speaker , is a freshman senator and a star among Republicans , who talk about him as a possible running mate on the GOP ticket next year . Univision has tried for quite some time to have him as a guest on its network news programs , where he would likely face tough questions about his stance on immigration reform . The Miami Herald was the first news organization to report the story . It said it obtained its information from various sources , including some from within Univision . A spokesman from Rubio 's office said that "  The Miami Herald 's article is accurate . Univision employees themselves were the first to come forward with this account , and we confirmed it . " Rep. David Rivera , a close friend of Rubio , told CNN Wednesday that he had talked with Rubio and his family members "  minute by minute as the incident was occurring . " "  I do n't think the staffers of Marco Rubio 's office were ... inventing those details . They were very , very clear details . ... It was a clear exchange of having the exclusive interview with the senator and that way , not airing the report about the relative of Marco Rubio , " the Republican congressman said . The allegations against Univision prompted three Hispanic GOP leaders in Florida to call for the GOP presidential candidates to boycott Univision 's proposed debate in late January in the Sunshine state , just before Florida holds its presidential primary . The candidates who have agreed to boycott the debate are former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , Texas Gov. Rick Perry , former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , businessman and former Godfather 's Pizza CEO Herman Cain , and Rep. Michele Bachmann of Minnesota . Univision was proposing to hold a debate on January 29 , two days before Florida Republicans ' presidential primary . CNN and the Republican Party of Florida are hosting a presidential debate in the days before the primary , and NBC and Telemundo , another Spanish-language network , also are planning to host on a debate in Florida around the same time .	A congressman says he heard about the situation from Rubio as it occurred Univision denies allegations it used a story as leverage for an interview Hispanic GOP leaders asked for a debate boycott over the matter The allegations involve Republican Sen. Marco Rubio and his brother-in-law
CNN  -- Islamist rebels in Nigeria on Monday released video of a French family kidnapped in neighboring Cameroon last week , leading France to blast the scene as one of "  cruelty without limits . " The seven-member family was flanked by armed fighters from the Boko Haram movement in the brief video . One of the captive men reads a statement demanding that Nigeria and Cameroon free jailed members of Boko Haram , which is battling to establish Islamic rule in northern Nigeria , and their families . "  Meet all the demands we have mentioned , and if you leave out one of them , we will kill these hostages , " the masked man says . The family -- a couple , their four children and an uncle -- were seized in a national park in remote northern Cameroon on February 19 . Authorities in Cameroon said they were quickly spirited across the border into Nigeria . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius denounced the video , saying , "  All of the state services are mobilized to free our countrymen . " "  For all of us , these images are terribly shocking . They demonstrate cruelty without limits , " Fabius said in a statement released Monday afternoon . The kidnapping has raised fears of Westerners being targeted by Islamist militant groups in Africa in the wake of the French military intervention against other Islamist rebels in Mali . The masked man in the video says French President Francois Hollande "  started war against Islam , and we must fight him everywhere . " "  He also should learn that we have spread everywhere to save our oppressed brothers , " the masked man adds . The father works for the French company GDF Suez and is based in Yaounde , the capital in southern Cameroon . GDF Suez , which is developing a natural gas liquefaction project in Cameroon , said it was working closely with the French Foreign Ministry .	Nigerian Islamist rebels show video of kidnapped family France denounces the scene as "  cruelty without limits " Boko Haram wants jailed members and their wives released A masked spokesman says France has declared war in Islam
CNN  -- Keith Olbermann -- formerly of MSNBC , formerly of Current TV , formerly of Fox , formerly of ESPN -- wants back in the game . More to the point , he wants to return to his sports roots by reuniting with ESPN . Now it would be easy to torpedo that idea by noting that Olbermann has burned bridges everywhere he has worked and could inflame things back at ESPN . But I wo n't . Instead , I 'm going to lead a chant : Let 's Go Keith !! It would be great fun to see him holding forth again on sporting matters . Is the guy supposed to stay sidelined for the rest of his life , just because he 's got a bit of a temper ? Do n't the fans of America deserve better ? Watch : Did George Stephanopoulos lay a glove on Dennis Rodman ? The New York Times reports that Olbermann recently had dinner with ESPN 's president , John Skipper , who says they had a fine time . But they were n't just shooting the breeze : "  Clearly he was looking to see if there was an entry point to come back , " Skipper said . Olbermann , in turn , praised Skipper 's "  vision and charm . " So to put it in betting terms , what are the odds ? "  There was no real appropriate place for Keith to come back , nor did I feel like I was prepared to bring him back , " Skipper told the Times . Wrong answer . ESPN is in the business of covering athletic competition , right ? What could be more spellbinding than waiting to see whether Olbermann declares some jock the "  worst person in the world " or , even better , grabs a baseball bat in some confrontation with the bosses ? Watch : Do Mitt and Ann Romney get why he lost the election ? I 'm being facetious , of course . But I miss the guy , even though there have been times when he has thrown brushback pitches at me . But I 'm going to rise above that , for the greater good of television . The thing about ubertalented people is that they 're often difficult to manage . Olbermann is a great broadcaster , but sometimes he lets his anger get the best of him . He makes life very difficult for his bosses . The question , as always , is whether he 's worth it . Olbermann worked for ESPN from 1992 to 1997 , so he can claim , you know , it 's a new century and all that . He and Dan Patrick were a very popular team as co-hosts of "  SportsCenter . " But then Olbermann left , prompting an ESPN executive to offer this classic quote : "  He did n't burn bridges here . He napalmed them . " Watch : John Boehner doubles down on street talk about Senate 's backside Abandoning sports for politics , Olbermann hosted "  The Big Show " on MSNBC , riding the Bill Clinton/Monica Lewinsky wave to prominence until he quit , saying he was "  ashamed " of what he was doing . Next up was Fox Sports , where Olbermann worked for three years . "  I fired him . He 's crazy , " owner Rupert Murdoch later said . Olbermann has always blamed Rupe for his departure . After a brief stint at CNN , where he had also worked early in his career , Olbermann headed back to MSNBC and almost single-handedly revived the channel . Tapping into a surge of sentiment against President George W. Bush during the Iraq war , Olbermann 's "  Countdown " redefined MSNBC as cable 's leading liberal outlet and boosted its ratings for eight years . But clashes with management grew . He was briefly suspended over making political donations , and the two sides severed their relationship . Olbermann resurfaced with a $ 10-million-a-year deal at Current TV , boasting about his independence from corporate media as Al Gore gave him the title of chief news officer . But the marriage quickly soured , with Olbermann complaining about the cheesiness of the facilities  "  a daily logistical nightmare " that "  more closely resembles cable access , " according to an e-mail from his rep  and management complaining about temper tantrums , a mug-throwing incident and days off . After less than a year , the two sides wound up suing each other last spring . Now you might say this is a cautionary note for a future employer , and you might be right . But after a year of unemployment and tweeting mainly about sports , perhaps Olbermann has mellowed . Watch : Should Andrew Sullivan have suggested Pope Benedict XVI is gay ? To be sure , ESPN has certainly tolerated its share of loudmouths , from the analyst who was let go for calling Washington Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III a "  cornball brother " to the commentator who uttered the n-word on the air . Olbermann 's problems tend to unfold off the field , not in front of the camera , though he 's occasionally apologized for going too far . And it could n't hurt for ESPN to jazz things up . Skipper is n't exactly raising expectations , saying : "  There are not that many successful examples of people who have come back , in part because it 's like water filling a vacuum . When somebody leaves , somebody else fills their place . " Sure , play it safe . Or throw the long pass and see what happens . Remember : Watching Keith Olbermann is a great spectator sport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : There 's talk that Keith Olbermann wants to return to ESPN He says Olbermann has been controversial at several leading media outlets Kurtz says Olbermann has great talent and deserves another shot at sports Kurtz : Working with Olbermann may not always be easy , but he can be worth the trouble
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Jurors hearing the Michael Jackson wrongful death case seem to be enjoying themselves after 15 weeks of testimony , even after the judge told them they could be in court through September . They 've leaned forward , taken close notes and often laughed while watching lawyers for Michael Jackson 's mother and children spar with attorneys for concert promoter AEG Live . "  I 'm not going to be babysitting you two , " Judge Yvette Palazuelos told Jackson lawyer Brian Panish and AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam this week as the attorneys traded barbs in court . Several jurors even applauded famed choreographer and director Kenny Ortega at the end of his lengthy testimony Thursday . While some of the 65 days of testimony has covered tedious medical and legal ground , Jackson 's music and intimate home videos are often shown on two big screens in the tiny Los Angeles courtroom The jurors were getting an inside look Friday at how Jackson 's family tried to intervene in the singer 's prescription drug use as AEG Live 's lawyers showed them video of their questioning of Randy Jackson , Michael Jackson 's youngest brother . The jury will eventually have a billion-dollar decision to make : Is AEG Live liable in Jackson 's death and , if so , how much should the promoter-producer of his comeback tour pay the family in damages ? Katherine Jackson and her grandchildren -- Prince , Paris and Blanket -- contend AEG Live negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician now serving a prison term for involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . Murray told investigators he gave the entertainer nightly infusions of the surgical anesthetic propofol to treat his insomnia so he could rest for rehearsals while preparing for his "  This Is It " shows set to debut in London in July 2009 . The coroner ruled Jackson 's June 25 , 2009 , death was caused by an overdose of propofol . AEG Live argues Jackson , not the company , chose and controlled Murray . A contract the company negotiated with Murray to work as Jackson 's personal tour doctor for $ 150,000 a month was signed by Murray and returned to AEG Live on June 24 , 2009 . With Jackson 's death the next day , no AEG Live executive ever signed it . The company also argues its executives had no way of knowing about the dangerous and unusual treatments Murray was giving Jackson in the privacy of his bedroom . AEG Live lawyers are using Randy Jackson 's testimony about his family 's attempts to intervene with the pop icon 's use of painkillers to bolster their contention that he was a secretive drug addict . AEG lawyer testifies in Michael Jackson death trial Red flags missed ? The Jackson lawsuit accuses AEG Live executives of ignoring a series of red flags signaling that the artist was at risk in the weeks before his death -- including warnings from Kenny Ortega and others working on the production . "  He was like a lost boy , " Ortega wrote in an e-mail to AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips days before Jackson 's death . "  There still may be a chance he can rise to the occasion if we get him the help he needs . " After a poor rehearsal on June 13 , 2009 , and a missed rehearsal the next day , Ortega expressed his concern in an e-mail to AEG Live co-CEO Paul Gongaware : "  Were you aware that MJ 's doctor did n't permit him to attend rehearsals yesterday ? Are Randy and Frank  DiLeo , another Jackson manager  aware of this ? Please have them stay on top of his health situation without invading MJ 's privacy . It might be a good idea to talk with his doctor to make sure everything MJ requires is in place . " The AEG Live executives later told Ortega they met with Murray and put him in charge of getting Jackson to rehearsals , Ortega said . The director said he was told that if he needed to know whether Jackson was coming to a rehearsal , he should call the doctor . Ortega was given Murray 's cell phone number , which he said he programmed into his own phone . When Jackson finally showed up for a rehearsal on June 19 , "  he appeared lost , cold , afraid , " Ortega said . It is a day he will never forget , he testified . "  I saw a Michael that frightened me , a Michael that was shivering and cold , " Ortega testified . "  I thought there was something emotional going on , deeply emotional , and something physical going on . He seemed fragile . " When AEG Live 's lawyer asked Ortega if Jackson could 've just had "  a really bad flu , " the show director said that was "  not the best way of describing it . " A sleep expert hired by the Jacksons ' lawyers testified earlier that he believed the singer was suffering from long-term sleep deprivation caused by two months of nightly propofol infusions . The drug interrupts crucial REM sleep cycles , depriving the brain of real rest and repair , the expert said . Ortega persuaded Jackson not to go onstage that night because he was afraid he would hurt himself , he testified . Instead , Jackson agreed to watch the rehearsal with choreographer Travis Payne dancing his parts . Jackson 's ex-bodyguard testifies about singer 's drug use Jackson appeared paranoid and afraid , Ortega said . "  He was repeating for me not to quit or to leave him . He was afraid that I was going to quit or leave him . " With just a dozen days left for rehearsals before the touring company moved to London for the opening , Ortega testified , he was worried "  that all that we had worked for together , Michael and I -- this dream , this desire -- was going to fall away . " Ortega testified that on June 19 , he "  felt that we should stop " the production , but he was "  torn because I did not want to break Michael 's heart . " Ortega sent a series of e-mails that night and the next morning to AEG Live executives warning that they needed professional help for Jackson . "  There are strong signs of paranoia , anxiety and obsessive-like behavior , " Ortega wrote . "  I think the very best thing we can do is get a top psychiatrist in to evaluate him ASAP . It 's like there are two people there . One  deep inside  trying to hold on to what he was and still can be and not waiting us to quit him , the other in this weakened and troubled state . " A contentious meeting Ortega testified that he was called to a meeting with AEG Live CEO Randy Phillips , Jackson and Murray at Jackson 's home on June 20 , hours after he sent those e-mails . Murray angrily confronted him , Ortega testified . "  He said I had no right to not let Michael rehearse , that Michael was physically and emotionally capable of handling all his responsibility as a performer and I should be a director and not an amateur doctor or psychologist . I should stick to my job and leave the rest to him . " Phillips watched Murray 's attack on him in silence , Ortega testified Thursday . Jackson died while under Murray 's care five days later , in a bedroom just upstairs from the parlor where the meeting took place . "  A different Michael " showed up for the next rehearsals on June 23 and 24 , Ortega testified . Jackson "  seemed healthy and ready and happy . There did n't seem to be any leftover issues . " "  I was feeling that we were back on track and grateful and believing that we were now in a new chapter , " Ortega said . Jackson lawyer Brian Panish asked Ortega what he thought caused the "  metamorphosis " he witnessed in Jackson . "  Maybe a lot of rest , " he said . "  He seemed rested , stronger . " "  I assume sleep had to be a part of it , " Ortega added . "  He just looked rested . Deep sleep , real sleep . " Murray told investigators he stopped using propofol to induce Jackson 's sleep for the two previous nights -- after 60 nights of it . Jackson lawyers contend that is why Jackson was revitalized . Jackson lawyers argued that Murray was influenced by a conflict of interest -- created by his arrangement with AEG Live -- to continue dangerous propofol infusions to help Jackson rest for rehearsals . He was $ 1 million in debt and had abandoned his medical practice two months earlier to serve as Jackson 's personal physician for the tour . If he failed to get Jackson to rehearsals , the shows might be postponed or canceled and he would be out of a job , they argue . Blame game Lawyers for both sides used Ortega 's appearance in court to argue over who was responsible for Jackson 's death -- the promoter or the artist . "  At the time , did you think Mr. Jackson was responsible for his own health ? " AEG Live 's Marvin Putnam asked . "  I did n't think he was being very responsible , but it was his responsibility , in my opinion , " Ortega answered . "  I wanted to take care of him , you always want to take care of someone if they 're not feeling well , but you ca n't be responsible for them . They have to be responsible for themselves . " When Jackson lawyer Brian Panish had a chance to again question Ortega , he focused on AEG Live 's responsibility in retaining Murray . Panish : "  You would expect a responsible concert promoter and producer to make sure anyone they hired to be checked out as fit and competent ? " Ortega : "  Yes . " Panish : "  Check them out to make sure they had no conflict ? " Ortega : "  Yes . " Panish : "  It would be irresponsible not to do that ? " Ortega : "  Yes . " As Ortega stepped off the witness stand Thursday afternoon , several jurors applauded . Debbie Rowe , the mother of Michael Jackson 's two oldest children , may finally appear in court next week as a witness called by AEG Live . She was married to Jackson for several years and traveled with him on tour in the 1990s .	The jury will watch a video deposition of Michael Jackson 's youngest brother Friday Kenny Ortega testified Michael Jackson seemed sleep-deprived a week before his death Lawyers use Ortega 's testimony to debate who 's responsible for Jackson 's death Jackson 's ex-wife Debbie Rowe is expected in court next week
CNN  -- The rapid thud-thud-thud of military choppers overhead on Wednesday was the first thing to catch the attention of the residents of Cuernavaca , a city south of Mexico City known as a retreat for city-dwellers and tourists alike . The helicopters landed near Punta Vista Hermosa , a majestic resort where condos sell for millions of Mexican pesos , and before long , seemingly hundreds of military personnel were on its grounds . A few hours later , a ferocious firefight broke out between the military and a cell of drug traffickers . "  Things like this rarely happen here , " said Yadira Abigail Flores Delgado , who works at a nearby private security firm . "  I could hear the shots and the helicopters . It was a very ugly incident . " The outcome , however , was sweet for the administration of President Felipe Calderon . In a strong blow to one of Mexico 's most notorious drug cartels , Mexico 's navy killed Arturo Beltran Leyva , head of the Beltran Leyva cartel and one of Mexico 's three most wanted criminals . Six other cartel members and one naval petty officer also died in the raid . Three other people were arrested . The end of Beltran Leyva 's reign at the helm of the violent cartel was hailed by Mexico and the United States as a major victory for Calderon 's offensive against the cartels , a war that has claimed more than 14,000 lives since 2006 . More than 7,300 people have been killed in drug-related violence this year , according to a tally by Mexico 's El Universal newspaper . "  This action represents a major achievement for the people and government of Mexico , and is a decisive blow against one of the most dangerous criminal organizations in Mexico , " Calderon said , speaking from the U.N. Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen , Denmark . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration said that its cooperation with Mexico played a role in Wednesday 's action . " -LSB- Beltran Leyva 's -RSB- death has dealt a crippling blow to one of the most violent cartels in the world , and it comes as a result of significant cooperation and information sharing between law enforcement in the United States and our courageous partners in Mexico , " DEA Acting Administrator Michele M. Leonhart said in a written statement . Video footage of the condo where Beltran Leyva was staying revealed bullet-ridden walls . A plate of eggs and ham was set at the dinner table , which was adorned with two fruit bowls . A large baggie containing a white substance was nearby . On Thursday , authorities presented to the media two women and a man who were arrested in the raid . Their role with the cartel was not made clear . The women were identified as Catalina Castro Lopez and Gabriela Vega Perez . The man 's name was not immediately released . It was believed that the raid was linked to another operation last week . On December 11 , the navy got into a firefight in Cuernavaca with gunmen of the Beltran Leyva cartel . Three of the gunmen were killed and 11 were arrested , according to the navy . Calderon said Wednesday 's operation "  was the result of an intense intelligence effort by the Mexican navy . " "  We 've never seen anything like this , " Flores Delgado said . "  Everyone is scared . " The fear was palpable at a children 's hospital right behind the complex where the drug lord was killed . Three military personnel posted themselves inside the hospital hours before the shooting started , saying only that they were in the middle of an operation , said Dr. Antonio Villa Montiel . The shooting started just after 8 p.m. and lasted for about an hour and a half , about 30 minutes of which were very intense , Villa Montiel said . "  There was gunfire , machine gun fire and grenades , some of it very close to the hospital , " he said . "  Inside the hospital there was much stress , fear and anxiety . Some people even panicked . " Three navy personnel were wounded by hand grenades , one fatally , the navy said . Navy 3rd Petty Officer Melquisedet Angulo Cordova died while being treated for his injuries , navy spokesman Adm. Jose Luis Vergara said . One of the other two navy men was in serious condition and the other was in stable condition , Vergara said . "  It 's a battle won , but by no means the war , " said Tony Payan , associate professor of political science at the University of Texas-El Paso . The death of the leader of a major drug cartel is a victory for the government , but it could also spur more violence , said Payan , an expert on drug trafficking in Mexico . For such a high-level blow by the military , reprisal killings by the cartel are a possibility , Payan said . Violence could also flare from within the Beltran Leyva organization itself , as its lieutenants jockey for position in the inevitable reorganization . Finally , rivals -- and maybe even allies -- of the cartel may fight for a piece of the organization 's lucrative smuggling routes , Payan said . Beltran Leyva and his organization rose in the Pacific state of Sinaloa , home to a powerful cartel of the same name . Beltran Leyva and his brothers initially were allied with the Sinaloa cartel , headed by Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman . A series of disputes over the past years , however , led the Beltran Leyva brothers to turn on El Chapo , or "  shorty , " and they have been most recently linked with Los Zetas , another violent cartel opposed to the Sinaloa group . One of the Beltran Leyva brothers , Alfredo , was arrested by Mexican authorities last year and remains imprisoned . Another brother , Hector , was indicted on drug trafficking charges out of New York and Washington . The slain brother , Arturo , was also named in those indictments . The Beltran Leyva cartel is known for air transportation expertise , Drug Enforcement Administration spokesman Michael Sanders said . An estimate from two years ago said the group smuggled 300 to 400 kilograms of cocaine monthly into the United States , Sanders said . The group is also known to smuggle black tar heroin . iReport : Ride-along with anti-drug task force Earlier this month , the U.S. Treasury Department added Hector Beltran Leyva and other top cartel figures to a list of "  specially designated narcotics traffickers , " a move that freezes any assets they have under U.S. jurisdiction and prohibits people in the United States from conducting business with them . Arturo Beltran Leyva was already identified as a kingpin in May 2008 . In the most recent addition , the U.S. government named 22 members of the Beltran Leyva organization and 10 related companies . Since taking office , Calderon has made fighting the drug cartels a priority . More than 40,000 troops have been deployed throughout the country to help small and often corrupt local forces . But it was the navy that made one of the biggest busts in the war on drugs . The reason may be because after years in the field , the army was not as reliable as a fresh force . "  Calderon has finally understood two things : that the army is susceptible to corruption , and that the army is not sufficient , " Payan said .	Arturo Beltran Leyva was one of Mexico 's three most wanted criminals Beltran Leyva and his brothers rose in the Pacific state of Sinaloa Six other cartel members and one naval petty officer also died in the raid
Hundreds gathered in Kiev 's Independence Square on Sunday to honor the victims of violence that has ravaged Ukraine for months , including 49 people killed when a military plane was shot down . Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko had declared Sunday a day of mourning . The crowd in Kiev observed a moment of silence at noon local time  5 a.m. ET  . "  We bow our heads to the heroes who lost their lives for the sake of their country , to prevent the war from coming into the house of each of us , " Prime-Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said . "  They lost their lives because they defended men and women , children and the elderly who found themselves in a situation facing a threat to be killed by invaders and sponsored by subhumans , " he said . "  First , we will commemorate the heroes by wiping out those who killed them and then by cleaning our land from the evil . " The Ilyushin-76 military transport plane went down early Saturday while approaching an airport in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk , said military spokesman Vladislav Seleznyov . Ukrinform said the plane was carrying paratroopers , equipment and food . "  All those involved in the cynical act of large-scale terrorism must necessarily be punished , " Poroshenko told Ukrinform , the state news agency . "  Ukraine needs peace . Terrorists , however , will receive an adequate response . " Ukraine 's defense ministry said the plane , which was transporting military personnel , was shot down by insurgents using anti-aircraft machine guns . Ukrinform also said three soldiers were killed Saturday morning near Mariupol . The attack on the plane , which represents one of the bloodiest single events in that nation 's current period of turmoil , spurred a diplomatic flurry to limit further escalation of the crisis . Telephone diplomacy French President Francois Hollande and German Chancellor Angela Merkel held a telephone discussion Saturday with Russian President Vladimir Putin on the crisis in Ukraine . Hollande and Merkel expressed their deep concern about the ongoing fighting in eastern Ukraine , particularly Saturday 's attack , the Elysee Palace said . The French and German leaders stressed the importance of reaching a cease-fire in Ukraine and avoiding the transfer of fighters and weapons across the Ukrainian-Russian border , according to Hollande 's office . The Kremlin said the three leaders also talked about the drafting of a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at promoting a settlement . The European leaders stressed the need for an agreement on continuing Russian natural gas deliveries to Ukraine , according to the Elysee . In a phone conversation with Hollande , Poroshenko urged the European Union to immediately consider sanctions against Russia , including the termination of "  military-technical cooperation , " Poroshenko 's office said . Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk spoke by phone with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who expressed condolences for the loss of life and "  strong concern " about the flow of heavy weapons and militants across the border from Russia , a senior State Department official said . Kerry also talked with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , voicing his concern over the downing of the Ukrainian transport plane and pressing Lavrov to "  make clear " Russia 's commitment to peace , a cease-fire and political dialogue , the state department official said . Video shows plane shot down In a statement , Poroshenko said the army and state border service had closed 248 kilometers of Ukraine 's border . "  The goal is for us to take back control of Ukraine over the state border and provide adequate response to terrorists , " he said . Video posted to YouTube claimed to show the plane being shot down . Small flashes can be seen climbing skyward , followed by large flashes on the ground on the distant horizon . The plane was also carrying military machinery and supplies , the ministry said . Officials originally had said the incident occurred late Friday but later updated the time . In an indication of the continued opposition from some quarters to the Kiev government , the state security office said in a statement Saturday that a homemade bomb was found overnight outside a gate to Poroshenko 's office . The device was made of grenades and a kilogram of other material , such as metal screws , and had a threatening note attached that demanded that the President stop military action against the separatists , the statement said . The person who left it was spotted but fled without detonating it . The Kiev-based government is carrying out what it calls an anti-terrorist operation , centered in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions , to try to regain control from pro-Russia separatists . Russia and Ukraine have been engaged in a tense standoff since March , when Russia annexed Crimea and massed troops along its border with Ukraine . Moscow has since begun to withdraw those forces .	Hundreds observe moment of silence in Kiev 's Independence Square Prime Minister vows Ukraine will wipe out the killers World leaders hold telephone talks with Putin , Poroshenko The government blames insurgents in eastern Ukraine
CNN  -- It all started with some boxes that had not been opened for 80 years . "  There was a rumor that there were archives in the Condé Nast offices in New York that nobody had known about , " says Todd Brandow , a photography curator . "  It was difficult to get access , but when I finally got in , they told me that it had all been sold and nothing was left . "  But then the archivist rolled out these boxes of 2,000 prints . It was one of those great ` oh my God ' moments . " Among the prints were photographic portraits of Winston Churchill , Katharine Hepburn , HG Wells , George Gershwin , Marlene Dietrich , Greta Garbo , WB Yeats , Fred Astaire , and countless other luminaries of the 1920s and 1930s . None of the pictures had seen the light of day for eight decades , and all had been taken by the pre-eminent photographer Edward Steichen  1879-1973  for Vanity Fair and Vogue . Also included in the stash were Art Deco-style portraits of women modeling designs by Chanel , Lanvin , Lelong , Schiaparelli and many others . The photographs are now being exhibited at London 's Photographer 's Gallery , where they will show until 18 January . The Picasso of photography "  It was a kid-in-a-candy-store feeling , " Brandow recalls . "  They were taken almost 100 years ago but the pictures felt so contemporary , that 's what really excited me . All the poses were so natural , and the vision was so fresh . "  Many of them were fashion pictures , but the women looked like they 'd been born wearing those clothes , that they wore them every day . That was Steichen 's skill : he could make people look natural in every sense of the word . " During his lifetime , Steichen was recognized as the most important photographer of his age . Even today , says Natalie Herschdorfer , an art historian who co-curated the exhibition with Brandow , he is "  one of the top five photographers of all time " . "  He was the Picasso of photography , " she says . "  He had a 70-year career covering the whole 20th Century . All the genres of modern photography are represented in his work , from the pictorial style of the 1900s to the modernist period . It 's very rare . " At the height of his fame , Steichen -- who borrowed from a range of aesthetic movements such as Impressionism , Art Nouveau and Symbolism to create a distinctive Art Deco style -- was being paid the equivalent of $ 1 million a year by Vanity Fair and Vogue , plus another $ 1 million by commercial clients . But after his death he fell from prominence because his widow , Joanna , was extremely protective of the rights to his work , making exhibitions very difficult . Now , says William A Ewing , the third of the exhibition 's co-curators , the time has come to reintroduce Steichen 's work to the world . "  The skill of any great portrait photographer is to gain an immediacy , an intimacy , " he says . "  You feel as if Steichen lives with his subjects . He does n't turn them into gods . He brings out their humanity . "  He turned fashion photography into portraiture . He looked first and foremost at a woman wearing a dress , not the dress for its own sake . That 's what connected so powerfully with the viewers . " From steerage to First Class The story of how Steichen came to take these iconic photographs -- and become a household name -- reads like a Hollywood rags-to-riches story . In the early 1920s he had gone through an acrimonious divorce , and had large alimony bills that placed him in financial jeopardy . He was determined to dedicate his life to his art , and had changed his style to a modernist approach , with clean lines , strong diagonals , and high contrast . But he did n't know how to make it pay . In a letter to his sister , he wrote that the outlook was bleak and that he was considering abandoning photography for film , which he thought may have a more secure future . He traveled from Paris , where he had been during the First World War , to the United States in steerage , alongside impoverished immigrants . After he arrived , he stumbled upon an article in Vanity Fair in which , to his surprise , he was named as "  America 's greatest portrait photographer " . He contacted the magazine and was offered a job . Within a few weeks he was returning to France to photograph Paris Fashion Week . But this time he was on a big salary , and traveling First Class . "  He went from rock bottom to being on top of the world almost overnight , " says Ewing . "  You can see this reflected in his pictures , which had a sense of exuberance and confidence . " How Steichen worked his magic It was Condé Montrose Nast himself who had the vision to attract Steichen 's talents to his magazines . In their discussions , Steichen was quite open about the fact that he had no interest in haute-couture . But Nast persuaded him that "  it 's not about fashion , it 's about photography " . "  Those were the days before professional models , " says Ewing . "  People used to photograph society women . But Condé Nast went to Broadway and hired actors and dancers , who knew how to get into character for the camera . "  This enabled Steichen to work his magic . " It was this unique approach towards fashion photography , which was firmly rooted in the tradition of portraiture , that was one of the keys to Steichen 's success . Steichen lived the high life for several years , photographing the world 's most famous faces . But in 1935 he burned out , and resigned to spend his time on horticultural photography , which was his great passion . "  He really was one of the greats , " says Brandow . "  He was the founding figure of modernism in photography and the modern woman in fashion photography , as well as modern portraiture . "  Revealing these secret photographs will finally bring him back to the prominence he deserves . " The future Underground : London 's new spaceship-style tube trains Did artists eerily predict the Ukraine crisis ? Would you eat Fukushima soup ? The lost art of the American pin-up	An 80-year-old stash of photographs has been unearthed in Condé Nast archives Unique portraits of the biggest stars of the 20s and 30s seen for the first time They were taken by Edward Steichen , known as "  the best photographer in the world " at the time
CNN  -- The first of six Patriot missile batteries intended to protect Turkey from Syrian threats is operational along the countries ' shared border , NATO said Saturday . The other five batteries , which NATO says are to be for defensive purposes only , are expected to be in place in coming days . NATO foreign ministers decided in December to deploy the batteries after Syria launched Scud missiles near the Turkish border . In October , errant Syrian artillery shells hit the Turkish border town of Akcakale . Mission impossible ? Creating the ` Syria of the future ' right now The operational missile battery is in the city of Adana . Patriot systems will also be deployed to help protect the Turkish cities of Kahramanmaras and Gaziantep , NATO said . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said this month that the missile batteries will stay only as long as there is a threat . Their arrival came on yet another day of bloodshed in Syria , where the United Nations said recently that more than 60,000 have been killed since the conflict began nearly two years ago . At least 129 people were killed across the country Saturday , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . Forty-four of the deaths were in Aleppo province , 40 in Damascus and its suburbs , and 18 in Homs province . The Syrian crisis : Where 's U.S. aid going ? The group reported fierce shelling by the regime in the Damascus suburbs . Injuries were reported after aircraft dropped cluster bombs near Aleppo , the group said . Another opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , reported attacks by Syrian warplanes in cities and villages . Some of the deadliest aerial bombardments took place in Manjab in Aleppo 's suburbs , where the Observatory reported eight children and two women were among 16 killed . The group also said 13 unidentified civilians had been killed "  by regime forces ' gunfire " around Daraya , the Damascus suburb where opposition activists had reported at least 245 people found dead over one August weekend . CNN can not independently verify many claims from Syria , as the government has severely restricted access by international journalists . Despite widespread condemnation among world leaders , Syrian President Bashar al-Assad still has his supporters . On Saturday , a senior Iranian official said an attack on Syria would be regarded as a strike against Iran and its allies , according to Iran 's semi-official Mehr News Agency . Ali Akbar Velayati , a senior advisor to Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , the supreme leader of Iran , also praised Syria 's logistical support for the Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah , which the United States lists as a terrorist organization . Al-Assad wo n't fall soon , Jordan 's king says	NEW : 129 die nationwide on Saturday , a network of opposition activists reports 8 children among 16 killed in aerial bombing near Aleppo , another group says The first of six planned NATO missile batteries arrives in Turkey , not far from Syria Report : A senior Iranian official says an attack on Syria would be seen as a strike on Iran
Seoul  CNN  -- Korean music sensation Psy will release his much-anticipated sequel to "  Gangnam Style " Friday , giving fans the chance to hear it live for the first time the following night , according to his official Twitter account . More than 50,000 fans are expected to pack Seoul 's World Cub Stadium on Saturday to see "  Gentleman , " in a comeback performance that will also be streamed live on YouTube . The concert comes against a backdrop of increasing tension in the region ahead of a possible missile launch by North Korea . However it 's business as usual for many in the city . Neither the government nor the concert organizers are concerned about any additional security measures for such a massive gathering of people in a public space , and tickets have been selling fast . "  The thought of danger never even occurred to me , " said Seoul resident Sungoh Bang who plans on attending the concert with a group of friends . "  Gentleman " and "  Psy " were two of the most searched for keywords on South Korea 's biggest online portal "  Naver " Thursday , while Psy posted a snippet of his new dance . But fans and critics eager to see the rapper 's new video in full will have to wait longer . "  We wrapped the music video shoot on Tuesday and it 's in the editing phase right now , " YG Entertainment public relations representative Hwang Min-hee told CNN . "  It 's rather difficult to say when it will be released because we do n't know how long the editing will take . " The music video was produced by the same team behind "  Gangnam Style , " and will feature K-Pop girl group member Ga-In of Brown-eyed Girls . The choreographer behind the outrageous horse dance also dreamed up the moves for "  Gentleman . " The music video for "  Gangnam Style " was the most viewed clip ever on YouTube with a staggering 1.5 billion views . Meanwhile , we 've asked friends to pick up some Psy neck pillows and other merchandised goodies at the concert on Saturday . A Psy eye mask set ? MUST HAVE . The real Gangnam Style : Beauty Belt , wedding town , 24-hour culture	New song is sequel to worldwide hit "  Gangnam Style " Psy worked with same music video team and choreographer behind his viral hit First live performance will be on Saturday in front of 50,000 fans
CNN  -- Matthew Allen 's 10 brothers and sisters have grown up helping their parents take care of him . Ranging in age from 2 to 27 , they are his playmates , his protectors , his teachers and his advocates . They taught him to talk , but they speak for him when he does n't have the words . And they all dread the possible phone call bearing the news that something awful has happened to him . Matt 's a middle child ; he 's 16 , and he has autism . Living with his parents in Woodbridge , Virginia , Matt has limited verbal skills and often wanders away from home and into dangerous situations . He has attempted to climb electric towers and expects cars to stop for him if he steps into the street . "  We are all always worrying about him when we are not at home , " said Matt 's oldest sister , 27-year-old Sarah Allen . "  We also know that one day we will be responsible for him as guardians . " For National Autism Awareness Month , CNN iReport asked families affected by the disorder to tell the world what life is like . We heard from dozens of people with varying degrees of autism and Asperger 's syndrome . Also , parents shared stories about raising children with the disorder . But few people have shared stories about the unique stresses and gifts that autism can bring to sibling relationships . Matthew was diagnosed with less severe autism initially , but as a toddler and preschooler he presented "  some of the most severe symptoms I 've seen , " said Allen . Now Matthew displays symptoms across a wide spectrum , from high functioning to "  more challenged , " she said . Related story : With autism , no longer invisible For example , Matthew can speak and he has an emotional interest in his family . He has adaptive skills , and he shows substantial cognitive understanding and can make simple logical connections . Like many people with autism , Matthew desires routine and sameness.Â Matthew also requires moment-by-moment supervision , his sister said , because he sometimes suddenly leaves the house and walks into the street or into neighbors ' yards . Some of these dynamics are portrayed in TV series like NBC 's "  Parenthood " and films such as 1988 's "  Rain Man , " where autism poses challenges for brothers and sisters . Sarah Allen , now a special education teacher who works with children on the autism spectrum , recorded a video for iReport featuring Matt and his brothers and sisters . She said she 's used to seeing autism awareness stories about higher functioning individuals , but less attention is given to children with more severe behavior problems and limited communication skills . She wanted to show how her brother has affected the entire family -- and how involved his siblings are in his life . Related story : Children with autism : Nothing for granted While they love Matt deeply , having a sibling with severe autism , she said , has put an immense burden on the family . Although organizing family events would pose extra challenges for any family as big as the Allens , Matthew 's needs complicate things even more . "  It strains every relationship in the home , " Allen said . "  Our vacations , weekends , family dinners -- everything has to be structured to be something he can handle . There are many things we just ca n't do as a family . " Her sister Rebekah -- also a special education teacher -- added , "  Things many people take for granted , like attending their child 's soccer games , graduations , going out to eat as a family , family vacations and free time on the weekends , are completely centered around Matthew 's needs . ... We can count on our hands the number of times we have been able to do these activities . " The Autism Society offers explanations and solutions to the hurdles that having siblings with the disorder often create . Sarah and her siblings worry about Matt 's options to achieve a secure and fulfilling lifestyle once he reaches adulthood . As Matt -- who stands well over 6 feet tall and is still prone to meltdowns -- becomes harder to handle at home , the family hopes to find an arrangement "  where he can maintain some form of work and leisure while being kept safe , " but they know "  such situations are typically rare and immensely expensive , " said Allen . How he will be cared for "  has been a source of much discussion the past three years . It is very emotional for all of us . " Related story : Dad reveals greatest fear about autistic son But Matthew , she says , has given his siblings the gifts of empathy , flexibility and patience . "  Matt is one of the most important people in my life , " said Allen . "  Each of my siblings can say the same . "	Matthew Allen , 16 , has 10 brothers and sisters who look out for him They love him deeply but Matt 's severe autism "  strains every relationship in the home " They also say he has given them gifts of empathy , flexibility and patience The Allens hope that when Matt grows up he can work and enjoy leisure in safety
CNN  -- How did this happen ? That is what many people were asking Wednesday , after news broke that a health care worker had flown commercially at a time she was supposedly monitoring herself for a possible Ebola infection . Amber Vinson , 29 , is the third person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States -- after Thomas Eric Duncan , the Liberian national who fell ill after coming to Texas , and Nina Pham , who like Vinson had cared for Duncan at Dallas ' Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . As with Pham , many questions surround how Vinson contracted Ebola despite efforts to prevent health care workers like them from getting the disease . Now they are compounded with others about safeguards for those who had contact with Duncan , who succumbed to the disease on October 8 , to prevent the disease from spreading further .	NEW : CDC official : Those being monitored for Ebola may be put on "  no-board " list Vinson flew commercially in the time she was supposed to be self-monitoring for Ebola Dallas health care worker called CDC about temperature , was n't told not to fly , official says CDC chief says that Vinson should n't have flown commercially , used "  public transport "
Washington  CNN  -- A new Senate bill is the first proposed legislation to curb so-called police militarization after the disturbances in Ferguson , Missouri . Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , is sponsoring the legislation , which would block state and local police from receiving broad categories of military-grade equipment , including M-16 rifles , MRAP vehicles and camouflage equipment . He also proposes to require local police that have received such equipment in recent years to return it to the Defense Department . "  MRAP " is shorthand for a mine-resistant , ambush-protected vehicle , something usually associated with war zones . The legislation is a test of the strength of the congressional backlash against the much criticized heavy police response to demonstrations in the St. Louis suburb after the police shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown . Televised images of camouflaged police in tank-like vehicles launching tear gas canisters and concussion grenades at protesters in Ferguson prompted criticism from both liberals and conservatives . President Barack Obama and Attorney General Eric Holder also criticized the heavy response , which they said appeared to inflame the disturbances , not quell them . Rand Paul : Police militarization , war on drugs are "  out of control " The White House and Pentagon have announced reviews of the federal programs . Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill , in whose home state the disturbances occurred , led a congressional hearing this month that scrutinized programs run by the Pentagon and the Homeland Security and Justice departments to help local police departments obtain surplus military equipment and buy new armor . The programs are mostly operated with the aim of helping local cities prepare for possible terrorist attacks . But cities are n't restricted in how they use the equipment , for instance using them in response to hurricanes and national disasters and to prepare for street protests . At the hearing , federal authorities said they did n't have ways to track what happens with the equipment once it is in the hands of local authorities , and in some cases the equipment has gone missing . Opinion : The real reason Ferguson has military weapons It 's not clear how much support Coburn , a conservative senator , will receive for his bill . But sentiment in Congress appears to support at least some changes to the current program . Coburn wants the Defense Department to seek congressional approval before transferring any new types of equipment under the surplus program and to maintain a public website that reports all transfers . The proposed bill would also restrict the Homeland Security and Justice departments ' grant programs from giving money to cities to buy drones , surveillance equipment , ballistic helmets and lethal weapons .	Sen. Tom Coburn 's bill would block cops from getting some types of military equipment Justice Department , White House criticized heavy police response in Ferguson , Missouri Pentagon officials say they have no way of tracking equipment once it 's given to police
CNN  -- Foreign diplomatic missions in North Korea face an ominous decision after Pyongyang said Friday it could not guarantee the safety of embassies and international organizations in the event of armed conflict . Tensions on the Korean peninsula remain in a heightened state amid new reports that North Korea has prepared missiles for launch , while South Korea has deployed naval destroyers to its coasts . The British Foreign Office said North Korea told British officials that it would not be able to guarantee the safety of diplomats in the capital if fighting breaks out . Several diplomatic missions said the North Koreans held a meeting Friday for ambassadors in which they asked whether anyone needed assistance in evacuating their personnel . "  We are consulting international partners about these developments , " the British Foreign Office said in a written statement . "  No decisions have been taken , and we have no immediate plans to withdraw our embassy . " A spokesman for Sweden 's ministry of foreign affairs said the North Koreans "  did not urge us or ask us to evacuate , " but offered assistance for those who wanted to leave . The Swedish Embassy in North Korea acts "  as the United States ' interim protecting power and provides basic consular services to U.S. citizens traveling in North Korea , " according to the U.S. State Department . The Swedish Embassy remains open and operational , the spokesman said . Russian state media reported a more specific suggestion for its diplomats . North Korea asked the Russian Embassy to consider a possible evacuation of its staff because of the tensions , Denis Samsonov , spokesman for the embassy , told Russian state media . France 's foreign ministry state it was taking the situation "  seriously . " It said it had no current plans for evacuations of personnel or French nationals in the country . The developments come as two medium-range missiles have been loaded onto mobile launchers on the East coast of North Korea , a U.S. official told CNN on Friday . A second U.S. official said intelligence on that is not definitive . The account followed a report by South Korea 's semi-official Yonhap news agency , citing military sources in Seoul , that the two missiles were ready to be launched . Yonhap said the missiles have been hidden in an unidentified facility . In response , South Korea has sent Aegis destroyers equipped with advanced radar systems to both of its coasts , Yonhap said , citing navy sources . The United States would "  not be surprised " if North Korea launched a missile , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Friday . "  We have seen them launch missiles in the past and the United Nations Security Council has repeatedly condemned them as violations of the North 's obligations under numerous Security Council resolutions . " New regional tensions were triggered by North Korean saber rattling , including threats to launch nuclear strikes , and the flexing of military prowess by the United States and South Korea in response . These followed the imposition of stepped up U.N. sanctions against the North after its latest nuclear test in February . North Korea has also said it planned to restart "  without delay " a reactor at its main nuclear complex that it shut down five years ago as part of a deal with the United States , China and four other nations . Most observers say the North is still years away from having the technology to deliver a nuclear warhead on a missile . And many analysts say the increasingly belligerent talk is aimed at cementing the domestic authority of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . A U.S. State Department spokeswoman said Thursday the situation did "  not need to get hotter , " reflecting efforts by the Obama administration to ease its rhetoric and cool tensions . But the latest developments by North Korea , which has accused the United States of pushing the region to the "  brink of war , " could signal a missile launch soon , officials have said . The missile components , U.S. and South Korean officials have said , are consistent with those of a Musudan missile , which has a 2,500-mile range , meaning it could threaten South Korea , Japan and Southeast Asia . U.S. reducing rhetoric that feeds North Korean rhetoric It is believed a missile launch would be a "  test " launch rather than a targeted strike . That is because it appears the North Koreans have only moved the components so far . The United States is waiting to see whether North Korea issues a customary notice to its airmen and mariners to stay out of the region . Communication intercepts in recent days also seem to show that Pyongyang might be planning to launch a mobile ballistic missile in the coming days or weeks , another U.S. official said . Key dates in U.S. military moves near North Korea Wednesday , the United States announced it was sending ballistic missile defenses to Guam , a Western Pacific territory that is home to U.S. naval and air bases . North Korea has cited those bases when listing possible targets for missile attacks . North Korea : Our global fear and fascination Pentagon officials , while decrying North Korean rhetoric , said recent announcements of U.S. military deployments in response to belligerent statements by Pyongyang may have contributed to the escalating tensions . As the bombast reaches a fever pitch , the United States is refining its message . The Pentagon now says it is working to decrease the temperature as it maintains a frank and vigilant stance toward the threats . Photos : Painting a picture of North Korea Starting Wednesday , North Korea also barred South Korean workers and managers from entering the Kaesong industrial complex , an economic cooperation zone that sits on the North 's side of the border but houses operations of scores of South Korean companies . It also repeated a threat from the weekend to shut down the complex , where more than 50,000 North Koreans work . CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Barbara Starr reported from Washington . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Kyung Lah , Judy Kwon and K.J. Kwon contributed in Seoul ; Per Nyberg in London ; Tim Schwarz in Hong Kong ; Joe Sterling and Henry Shirley in Atlanta ; Elise Labott and Tom Cohen in Washington .	NEW : France does not plan to evacuate staff A U.S. official confirms reports that North Korea has loaded a pair of missiles into launchers Communications suggest a North Korea missile launch is a possibility , a U.S. official says State Department : "  This does not need to get hotter "
New York  CNN  -- Lawyers for former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn said they are not worried about a pending civil suit from his accuser after a New York judge dropped criminal charges against him . "  She does n't have much , if any , chance in a civil case , " William Taylor told CNN 's Piers Morgan Tuesday night , the same day that a New York judge dismissed sexual assault charges against Strauss-Kahn . "  The same difficulties , the same lies will come back to haunt her in a civil case . " A grand jury indicted Strauss-Kahn in May over allegations he sexually assaulted housekeeper Nafissatou Diallo in his suite at the swanky Sofitel hotel in New York . Prosecutors requested that the charges be dropped after they began to question Diallo 's credibility . They said the Guinean woman had lied on an asylum application . She said she had been gang-raped by soldiers in her native country , but later admitted it never happened , prosecutors said . Diallo 's lawyer , Kenneth Thompson , said his client was crushed by the judge 's decision . "  Devastated , " Thompson told guest host Don Lemon on HLN 's "  Joy Behar Show . " "  She has told the truth about what happened in that hotel room . She ca n't understand why Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance would abandon her . She and her daughter have been crying through the night . " Thompson said Diallo was raped like she said in her asylum application . Thompson wondered if prosecutors pushed to drop the charges because Strauss-Kahn is rich and powerful . "  Clearly , the D.A. looked at Dominique Strauss-Kahn , his status , his power , " said Thompson . "  If Dominique Strauss-Kahn was a bus driver from the South Bronx or a construction worker from Harlem or a plumber ... Do you think that Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance would care what was in Miss Diallo 's asylum application ? " Thompson said he is glad that he filed a civil suit because he did not "  trust the process . " Vance , in a news release Tuesday , said prosecutors had no choice but to move to drop the charges because they were "  not persuaded -- beyond a reasonable doubt -- that a crime has been committed , based on the evidence we have . " He said Diallo 's testimony "  was fatally damaged , for several key reasons . " Along with the asylum application , Diallo lied about the specifics of her whereabouts after the rape incident and information on tax forms , prosecutors said . A crowd of protesters gathered near the courtroom in New York Tuesday in support of Diallo , carrying handwritten signs reading "  No impunity 4 rapists in power " and "  Nafissatou we believe you . " Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers had maintained his innocence throughout the process . "  I think what we said from the beginning , there was an act in that room that was consensual , not forcible and I think we 're going to leave it at that , " said Benjamin Brafman , an attorney for Strauss-Kahn . "  Unless you yourself have been accused falsely of a serious crime that you did not commit , I think it 's impossible to really understand the full measure of relief that Dominique Strauss-Kahn felt today . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	A judge approves dismissal of sexual assault charges against Strauss-Kahn DA : Prosecutors were "  not persuaded ... that a crime has been committed " Diallo 's lawyer says she has been "  crying through the night " about the decision Diallo 's lawyer has filed a civil suit against Strauss-Kahn
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- An alleged drug kingpin was captured in his underwear Monday , hiding in a bush outside a house in western Colombia , government officials said in Bogota . Diego Leon Montoya Sanchez was captured in his underwear , hiding in bushes , Gen. Mario Montoya Uribe said . Diego Leon Montoya Sanchez , now 47 the FBI says , was taken into custody early Monday , Minister of Defense Juan Manuel Santos told reporters . "  He was considered the most sought-after narcotrafficker in the world , " Santos said . The FBI had been seeking Montoya , known as "  Don Diego , " for seven years and had him on the Most Wanted list . The FBI accused him of being responsible for shipping "  multiple tons of cocaine " into the United States and called him "  one of the principal leaders of the Colombian North Valley drug cartel , " which it said is "  the most powerful and violent drug trafficking organization in Colombia . " The cartel reportedly relies on right-wing paramilitary and left-wing rebel groups , the FBI said on its Web site , which had not been updated Monday evening . Montoya was responsible for as much as 70 percent of the cocaine sold in the United States and Europe and his organization ordered 1,500 assassinations , Santos said . Watch Montoya being escorted under heavy guard " The capture was the culmination of a plan months in the making , Santos said . Plans revved up three days ago , when informants told authorities that Montoya was in the town of Salsa in the department of El Valle , he said . On Sunday , intelligence narrowed his whereabouts to the Hacienda Pital , said Gen. Mario Montoya Uribe . "  With this information , we mounted the operation , " he said . "  This morning , at 4:30 a.m. , we got the green light . " Forty members of the army 's special forces were flown past Montoya Sanchez 's phalanx of security guards , and other soldiers were moved to other locations to distract them , he said . By 6:20 a.m. a commando team had surrounded the house as other troops stayed about 400 meters away . Inside they found three women , including Montoya Sanchez 's mother , and two men , one of them his uncle . They also found his wallet and cell phone , but Montoya Sanchez was nowhere to be found , the general said . But a soldier searching outside the house saw leaves of a bush move and found the suspect hiding , clad in his underwear , Montoya Uribe said . The heavy-set man was taken to a helicopter and ferried to the capital , where authorities paraded him -- now wearing a black T-shirt and khaki pants , his hands bound before him -- before reporters . Asked if he wanted to make a statement , he said he did not . Montoya Sanchez 's two brothers are also in custody on drug charges . Juan Carlos has been extradited to the United States and Eugenio is awaiting extradition . The U.S. State Department was offering a $ 5 million reward for Montoya Sanchez 's capture . It was not immediately clear who , if anyone , would get it . Since taking office in 2002 , President Alvaro Uribe , a key U.S. ally in Latin America , has approved the extradition of nearly 500 Colombians to the United States , the majority on drug-trafficking charges , according to The Associated Press . For his aggressive stance , the United States has awarded Colombia with more than $ 700 million in annual anti-narcotic aid . E-mail to a friend	Reputed drug lord on FBI 's top 10 most-wanted list captured in west Colombia Diego Montoya Sanchez "  the most sought-after narcotrafficker in the world " FBI offered reward of $ 5 million for information leading to his arrest
CNN  -- Occupy Wall Street called on the masses to skip work and school on May 1 , and to close their wallets . All this was supposed to amount to a general strike , if not an American Spring . Some even talked about bringing down capitalism . But the small demonstrations in many American cities and in other cities across the world had little effect . Rush hour on the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco , supposed to be a major center of protest , flowed . In Los Angeles , two blocks were closed by the authorities in anticipation of possible disruptions . Reports were that protesters in New York did not shut down traffic , as they planned to do . Some 2,000 demonstrated in Athens , and 7,000 next to a Greek factory , one of the most poorly attended demonstrations in the recent experience of this troubled land . Workers marched in several other cities across the world , as they do on every May 1 . Historically , general strikes were considered a powerful tool , meant to demonstrate the power of the people  often organized labor  , able at least to gum up the working of major segments of the economy . In France , general strikes were used to force the government to make significant concessions . For instance , the 2006 demonstrations over the controversial CPE  or contrat premiÃ ¨ re embauche , first employment contract , which would have made it easier for employers to fire young workers  lasted two months before President Jacques Chirac scrapped the legislation . In the United States , the last general strike took place in 1946 . While some 100,000 workers from 142 unions participated , it did not lead to concessions by the powers that be , let alone bring down anything . This time ? If the past is any predictor of the future , the deliberately nonhierarchical Occupy Wall Street movement , with its fuzzy messages and vague goals , is not going to leave a major mark . Occupy May Day "  fizzled ? " Not so fast , say iReporters Some observers saw , at least initially , "  an irresistible symmetry " between Occupy Wall Street and the tea party , despite some clear differences . An article in TIME described Occupy Wall Street as a "  new outpouring of protest ... driven by the same fuel that gave fire to the tea party . " In an October 2011 interview , President Obama said , "  I understand the frustrations being expressed in those protests . In some ways , they 're not that different from some of the protests that we saw coming from the tea party . " The comparison is informative , but in a rather different way . It highlights how weak the left is and how strong the right is in American politics . The tea party has a sharply edged message and has used its considerable following to elect public officials , who in turn have affected public policy . For instance , they prevented the GOP leadership from compromising with Obama on raising taxes in exchange for cutting entitlements and government outlays . And the tea party put deficit reduction on the top of the political agenda . Speaking about the August 2011 deficit deal , Sen. John McCain said , "  I do n't think without the tea party we would have had an agreement . " There is little in Occupy Wall Street 's record that compares to these political victories . Defenders of Occupy Wall Street may well argue that it was never meant to be a political power , but rather a cultural force , more like the counterculture of the '60s than a new civil rights movement . Jonathan Schell argues that "  it was not a new set of policy ideas that was being born â $ " the world was already overloaded with these , unacted upon â $ " but a new spirit . ... " But the cultural messages Occupy Wall Street carries , say , environmental responsibility or divorce from capitalism , are far from clear . And while the counterculture could thrive  briefly  in an age in which America was well-heeled , the message of opting out of the prevailing system does not seem to bring out the masses who seek employment , to avoid foreclosure , or simply to make ends meet . Arguably the greatest achievement attributed to Occupy Wall Street is that it put inequality on the agenda of American politics , with its most memorable slogan : "  We are the 99 % . " Writing in The New York Times , Brian Stelter described this line as a new "  national shorthand " for the vast economic disparities facing the United States , noting that "  whatever the long-term effects of the Occupy movement , protesters have succeeded in implanting ` We are the 99 % ' ... into the cultural and political lexicon . " Even an article in the conservative Weekly Standard declared Occupy Wall Street has changed the public discourse , making inequality the topic of the day . There is no question that inequality has been rising in the United States and that it raises numerous issues concerning what is a fair distribution of income and wealth , what taxes we ought to raise , and how to prevent those who acquire great economic power from also gaining excessive political power  through campaign contributions  . I share these social justice concerns . However , I can not help but note that there is a world of difference between putting something on the front pages of the newspapers for a few weeks and achieving changes in laws and , above all , in the distribution of wealth . Given that Occupy Wall Street has not advocated any specific ways to reduce inequality and does not have the political organization to back up such an agenda , either others will have to find ways to curb inequality or we will see little progress on this front in the great budget battles to come shortly after the 2012 election . Most assuredly , a general strike that fizzles will not serve the cause of reducing inequality , or even help Occupy Wall Street find its sea legs . Occupy Wall Street will have more opportunities to show that it did not flame out ; however , it had better come up with a more cogent strategy , or it will soon be one more wasted force , one more protest movement that vented feelings but engendered precious little real social change . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni says Occupy Wall Street 's May Day protests made little splash He says general strike sometimes effective in history . But Occupy 's goals too vague He says it 's no focused tea party , which has affected policy , helped elect officials Etzioni : Occupy has contributed a slogan , but where 's its real influence on policy ?
Washington  CNN  -- Washington 's newest , furriest power player has been given a clean bill of health , the National Zoo said Tuesday . Not so giant yet , the giant panda cub weighed in at a little less than 2 pounds , up from the almost 5 ounces she weighed when she was first examined two days after she was born . She still has n't opened her eyes yet and measures 10.6 inches long from nose to tail , the zoo said in a statement . Zoo officials are waiting 100 days to name the female cub in accordance with Chinese tradition . Born August 23 , she has spent much of the last three weeks cradled in her mother 's arms , the zoo said . Mother panda Mei Xiang  may-SHONG  placed her cub down and left her den Monday at 4:11 p.m. , just the opportunity zoo officials had been waiting for to conduct an examination . The panda team moved in and performed a lightning fast veterinary exam , completing it by 4:31 p.m. . When Mei Xiang returned to the den after the examination was completed , she immediately picked up the cub and began grooming her . "  It 's amazing to see how much she has grown in less than one month , " senior mammal curator Brandie Smith , said in the statement . "  Mei Xiang continues to be a great mom , as she was with her first cub , Tai Shan , and it shows . " The panda habitat will remain closed to the public for now to provide mother and cub needed quiet . Both can be seen on panda cams . What 's cuter than one baby panda ? Panda twins !	National Zoo giant panda cub is healthy , growing , officials announce The female cub , born August 23 , weighs almost 2 pounds and is 10.6 inches long The baby panda has not opened her eyes ; she 'll be named 100 days after her birthday
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Tabloid headlines that "  falsely trumpeted " in bold letters that Tom Cruise "  abandoned " his young daughter should cost the publisher $ 50 million , the actor 's lawyer said Wednesday . The magazine covers appeared on Life & Style and InTouch in the weeks after Cruise divorced actress Katie Holmes , with whom he shares 6-year-old daughter Suri , according to a defamation lawsuit Cruise filed against the publisher in Los Angeles on Wednesday . "  Tom is a caring father who dearly loves Suri , " Cruise lawyer Bert Fields said . "  She 's a vital part of his life and always will be . To say he has ` abandoned ' her is a vicious lie . To say it in lurid headlines with a tearful picture of Suri is reprehensible . " Fields said he sent two letters informing the publisher that the headlines were false and demanding retractions , but he was refused in each case . "  These serial defamers are foreign-owned companies with their global headquarters in Hamburg , " Fields said . "  They take money from unsuspecting Americans by selling their malicious garbage . Having to pay a libel judgment may slow them down . " Bauer Publishing Group , which publishes both magazines , responded to CNN 's request for a reponse with "  no comment . " The July 30 Life & Style cover read "  SURI IN TEARS , ABANDONED BY HER DAD , " under a photograph of Suri appearing to have tears in her eyes while in her mother 's arms , the suit said . The story inside explained she was crying "  as a result of Suri being upset over not being able to take a puppy home from a pet store , " the suit said . The complaint also includes a September In Touch cover that read "  44 DAYS WITHOUT TOM ... ABANDONED BY DADDY ... Suri is left heartbroken as Tom suddenly shuts her out and even misses her first day of school ... HAS HE CHOSEN SCIENTOLOGY OVER SURI FOR GOOD ? " Since the magazines are displayed at supermarket checkout lines , "  millions of people each day must see their covers which feature screaming headlines in huge , brightly colored letters that are typically of a false , lurid and titillating nature , and that are often entirely unsupported by the stories buried in the magazines ' interiors , " the suit said . "  Tom does n't go around suing people , " Fields said . "  He 's not a litigious guy . But when these sleaze peddlers try to make money with disgusting lies about his relationship with his child , you bet he 's going to sue . " Cruise will "  undoubtedly " donate any judgment proceeds to charity , Fields said . "  He always has . " CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Life & Style and In Touch covers said Cruise "  abandoned " daughter after divorce , suit says "  Tom is a caring father who dearly loves Suri , " Cruise 's lawyer says "  These sleaze peddlers try to make money with disgusting lies , " lawyer Bert Fields says The publisher told CNN "  no comment "
CNN  -- Navigating the political waters in her own family , says one ally , likely prepared Kathleen Sebelius well for the partisan cauldron she 's now enduring in Washington over the rocky rollout of the Obamacare website . The embattled Health and Human Services Secretary was the daughter of a Democratic governor of Ohio , then became the daughter-in-law of a Republican Congressman from Kansas . Her husband is a federal magistrate . "  You know , when you 've got a father and father-in-law who are from different political parties , both outspoken . ... I think she learned a great deal from that and I think it has served her very well , " says Ron Pollack of the healthcare advocacy group Families USA . Sebelius will need every ounce of that experience . Republicans in Washington are ramping up their calls for her resignation . She 'll very likely face intense questioning next week , when she testifies before the House Energy and Commerce Committee about the problems with Healthcare.gov , the sign-up website for President Barack Obama 's sweeping healthcare plan . Ryan : Sebelius should step down over Obamacare Obamacare website developers : It 's not our fault The scrutiny is only getting tougher as Sebelius dodged questions about enrollment numbers and why the administration was n't better prepared before the rollout . In an exclusive interview with CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta on Tuesday , Sebelius was asked twice if she would consider resigning . One of her responses : "  I think my job is to get this fully implemented and to get the website working right . And that 's really what I 'm focused on . " Gupta : 5 surprises from Sebelius interview Sebelius ' Obamacare damage control fuels critics ' fire The healthcare wars are nothing new to her . A Catholic , she drew the wrath of the Church when , as Governor of Kansas , she vetoed a restrictive anti-abortion bill . But as the nation 's Health Secretary , she made a decision contrary to her pro-choice record , overruling an FDA recommendation to make the so-called "  morning after pill " available over the counter to females under 17 . As Governor she tried and failed to finance expanded health coverage through cigarette taxes . Earlier , as the state 's Insurance Commissioner , she fought to bring premiums down . But one critic says she drove insurers out of the state . "  There was a significant rise in regulations placed on healthcare , which drove the cost of providing healthcare in Kansas up , " said Todd Tiahrt , a former Republican Congressman from Kansas . "  I think that was the most significant reason , that 's why they departed . They felt like they were in a position where it was not profitable to do business in Kansas . So it limited our choices for healthcare providers , " Tiahrt said . But Pollack defends Sebelius on that score . "  Her first focus is how to help consumers , how to help patients . And she has been on that side all along , " he says . Born in Cincinnati , Sebelius was the daughter of the late John ` Jack ' Gilligan , who served as Ohio 's Governor from 1971-1975 . They became the first father/daughter pair to serve as governors , with her election in 2002 . John Gilligan died in August of this year . Sebelius 's husband , Gary , is a federal magistrate judge in Kansas . They have two grown sons . Sebelius 's father-in-law , Keith Sebelius , was a conservative Republican congressman from Kansas from 1969-1981 . One of Keith Sebelius 's top aides was current Republican Sen. Pat Roberts , who considers himself a longtime friend of the Sebelius family . But Roberts was among the first members of Congress to call for the Secretary 's resignation . Some Sebelius allies believe Roberts turned on her because he 's got a primary challenge from a tea party supported candidate . Roberts spokeswoman Sarah Little denies that . She says Roberts was a longtime opponent of Obamacare , but the "  last straw " for him was when Sebelius went on a public speaking tour just as the rollout calamity began . "  When the ship was sinking , " Little says . CNN 's Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .	Sebelius from prominent politcal family in Kansas Republicans ramp up calls for her to resign due to Obamacare website problems One ally says she is focused on consumers and patients As Kansas Governor , she tried to finance expanded health coverage through cigarette taxes
CNN  Muhammadu Buhari has ruled Nigeria before , as one of a line of military strongmen who dominated the country between 1966 and 1999 . A military coup brought Buhari to power in late 1983 -- closing a brief period of popular rule by Shehu Shagari -- and another military coup ousted him from power in August 1985 . Buhari 's 20-month rule was known for what he described as a "  war on indiscipline , " a tough regime which some say was marred by human rights abuses . The 72-year-old retired major general 's experience as a military ruler has been viewed as a plus by some and a minus by others in present-day Nigeria , where the government has been locked in a deadly battle with the militant group Boko Haram . This year alone , the extremists have killed at least 1,000 civilians , Human Rights Watch says . The ongoing violence in the Northeast has put security -- along with corruption and the economy -- at the top of the election agenda . Prior to this year 's polls in March , Ayo Johnson , a documentary filmmaker and analyst on African affairs , told CNN that voters would opt for whoever could make Nigeria feel safe . "  Many Nigerians will not forget  Buhari  was a military leader , during a dictatorship , " Johnson said . "  Or maybe they will feel that they need a military leader to address fundamental problems such as terrorism . " Buhari has campaigned as a born-again democrat to allay fears about his strict military regime , while stressing that Nigeria 's security needs to be the next government 's focus . "  It 's a question of security . Whether I was a former military officer or a politician through and through , when there is insecurity of this scale in the country , that takes the priority , " he said from his campaign plane . In another interview with Amanpour in February , Buhari blamed President Goodluck Jonathan 's government for repeated setbacks in the fight against extremists . "  The misappropriation of resources provided by the government for weapons means the Nigerian military is unable to beat Boko Haram , " he said . Asked by Amanpour about abuses allegedly committed during his own previous leadership , Buhari said there was "  a degree of accuracy " in the claims . But he said he had ruled Nigeria as part of a military administration . "  When that military administration came under my leadership , we suspended -- as a military then -- part of that constitution that we felt would be difficult for us to operate and as also a consensus , " he said . "  I think I 'm being judged harshly as an individual that what happened during a military administration can be extended under a multiparty democratic system . " Buhari 's campaign was fiercely anti-corruption . He ran under the slogan of "  new broom , " and his supporters were often pictured holding brooms in the lead-up to the vote . The 2015 presidential race was Buhari 's fourth attempt at leadership since he was ousted from power in 1985 . In 2003 , Buhari -- then with the All Nigeria People 's Party -- lost to Olusegun Obasanjo in an election during which EU observers reported widespread irregularities . He lost again to Umaru Yar ` Adua in the 2007 election , which was widely condemned for rampant vote-rigging , violence , theft of ballot boxes and intimidation . After Yar ` Adua 's death in 2010 , Jonathan rose from vice president to president and Buhari challenged him in the 2011 elections as a candidate from the Congress for Progressive Change . Buhari had helped found the party a year earlier , saying it was "  a solution to the debilitating , ethical and ideological conflicts in my former party , the ANPP . " Buhari is a Muslim from Nigeria 's poorer North , while Jonathan hails from a Christian and animist South that is rich with oil . After Jonathan 's victory in 2011 , amid accusations of vote-rigging , violent riots broke out in the North . Armed protesters took to the streets chanting Buhari 's name , and more than 800 people were killed in the post-election violence . Buhari 's office issued a statement calling reports of burning of places of worship places a "  sad , unfortunate and totally unwarranted development . " "  I must say that this is a dastardly act  that  is not initiated by any of our supporters and therefore can not be supported by our party , " said Buhari 's spokesman Yinka Odumakin . "  I must emphasize that this is purely a political matter , and it should not in any way be turned into an ethnic , religious or regional one . " Read more : Nigeria election -- what you need to know Ahead of this year 's election , Jonathan and Buhari signed a nonviolence pact , the Abuja Accord , in January . On March 26 they renewed their pledge and reiterated their commitment to "  free , fair and credible elections . " But violent protests broke out a day before the final results were announced . Protesters fired gunshots and torched a local electoral office in Nigeria 's oil-rich Rivers state as they marched to protest the elections , amid claims of vote-rigging and voter intimidation . Both candidates called for calm , with Buhari , who contested this year 's vote as part of the All Progressives Congress , tweeting : "  Fellow Nigerians , I urge you to exercise patience and vigilance as we wait for all results to be announced . " After the protests in Rivers , his party demanded the elections there be canceled . But Nigeria 's electoral commission decided the results would stand , saying it "  did not believe the allegations were substantial enough to require the cancellation/rescheduling " of the Rivers poll . According to his campaign website , Buhari is from Daura in Nigeria 's northern Katsina state and is married with eight children . His military training began in 1963 and included stints in the United Kingdom , India and the United States . Buhari was the first chairman of the Nigerian Petroleum Corporation , the site says . Elements of Buhari 's biography were questioned in the run-up to the March 28 election . After weeks of speculation and an ongoing legal battle over allegations that Buhari failed to complete his secondary school education , a Nigerian court on March 25 cleared the way for him to run in the presidential race after adjourning the case until April 22 . As a Sunni Muslim from the North , Buhari appears to have moved to address any concerns his appointment could be detrimental to non-Muslim Nigerians -- approximately half the country 's population , according to the CIA Factbook . A blog post on his campaign website headed "  Buhari will never Islamise Nigeria " describes a campaign ceremony in January in Imo state . Imo Gov. Rochas Okorocha , it says , "  dismissed suggestions of plans by Muhammadu Buhari to ` Islamize ' Nigeria , " telling the audience Buhari 's long-time cook and driver were Christians and his youngest daughter had married a Christian . Buhari has also not been immune to the violence plaguing northern Nigeria . Last year , he was targeted in a suicide bombing that killed at least 15 people in the city of Kaduna . An earlier blast in the city the same day had been aimed at a Muslim cleric . A day after winning the country 's presidency , Buhari told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that fighting corruption and curbing violence were at the top of his agenda . The economy is another major issue the new leader has to contend with , as the country overtook South Africa last year as the continent 's largest economy . But as many as 70 % of Nigerians live below the poverty line , surviving on less than a dollar a day .	Muhammadu Buhari is a 72-year-old retired major general from Daura , northern Nigeria Buhari led Nigeria from 1983 to 1985 , coming to power and leaving power through coups Against a backdrop of violence in the North , he has vowed to make security a priority
CNN  -- This week , as we mark the 13th anniversary of horrific attacks on our home soil , Americans should have no illusions about the terrorists who have repeatedly declared their intent to strike America again . We know the threat of the vicious terrorist organization known as ISIS has concerned the intelligence community for more than a year . And the group 's atrocities have been well-documented since it began attacking northern Iraq , and it is deeply concerning that it has taken President Barack Obama so long to develop any kind of strategy to address these increasingly powerful terrorists who have now gruesomely killed two American journalists before the world stage . On Wednesday evening , the President will finally share with the American people his "  game plan , " as he calls it , to combat ISIS . It is my hope that he will propose a clear plan , consistent with the Constitution , to keep Americans safe , and that it is not laden with impractical contingencies , such as resolving the Syrian civil war , reaching political reconciliation in Iraq or achieving "  consensus " in the international community . Analysis : Obama speech a do-over on ` no strategy ' comment There are three specific steps that should be taken . First and foremost , Washington should resolve to make border security a top priority finally , rather than an afterthought , of this plan in light of concerns about potential ISIS activities on our southern border , cited in a Texas Department of Public Safety bulletin reported by Fox News . As long as our border is n't secure , the government is making it far too easy for terrorists to infiltrate our nation . Second , Congress should make fighting for or supporting ISIS an affirmative renunciation of American citizenship . Numerous Americans have joined ISIS along with hundreds of others from the European Union . We know that some of them are trying to return to their countries of origin to carry out terrorist attacks . How do we know that ? It 's already been attempted . On May 24 , a suspected French jihadist with possible ISIS ties traveled to Belgium , where he is accused of attacking innocent visitors at the Jewish Museum of Belgium in Brussels and slaughtering four people -- and it was reported earlier this week that he allegedly had been plotting a larger attack on Paris on Bastille Day . In August , an accused ISIS sympathizer , Donald Ray Morgan , was arrested at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York trying to re-enter the United States . On Monday I filed the Expatriate Terrorist Act of 2014 , which would amend the existing statute governing renunciation of U.S. citizenship to include fighting for a hostile foreign government or foreign terrorist organization as an affirmative renunciation of citizenship . By fighting for ISIS , U.S. citizens have expressed their desire to become citizens of the terrorist group , which calls itself the Islamic State . We should not permit them to return to America , with a U.S. passport , to carry out acts of terror at home . It is my hope that this legislation will attract bipartisan support , and will bring Washington together with one united voice in support of keeping Americans safe from ISIS acts of terror . Third , we should do everything possible to make ISIS understand there are serious ramifications for threatening to attack the United States and for killing American civilians . While damaging ISIS ' financial assets is certainly a part of this action , because of the very nature of ISIS , the response must be principally military . We should concentrate on a coordinated and overwhelming air campaign to destroy the capability of ISIS to carry out terrorist attacks on the United States . Gingrich : 10 questions for Obama on ISIS The President 's previously stated goal -- to "  shrink " ISIS ' "  sphere of influence " until it is a "  manageable problem " -- is not encouraging . The objective should not be to make ISIS "  manageable " ; the objective should be to protect the United States and to destroy the terrorists who have declared jihad on our nation . The White House 's suggested ways of countering ISIS have , so far , been naive and ineffective . Now , faced with the growing threat of the group , Americans are being told Syria and Iran may suddenly be our friends , and ISIS is now our enemy . This is nonsense . The enemy of our enemy is not always our friend . Other possible objectives the White House is considering are equally worrisome . We must reject the notion that any U.S. action be contingent on political reconciliation between Sunnis and Shiites in Baghdad . The Sunnis and Shiites have been engaged in a sectarian civil war since 632 . While we all wish the Iraqis success in their most recent attempt to form a government , it is the height of hubris and ignorance to make American national security contingent on the resolution of a 1,500-year-old religious conflict . Likewise , any action we take to stop ISIS should not be contingent on any consensus from the so-called international community . Obama to Congress : No vote needed on ISIS strategy America is blessed to have good friends and allies who understand the threat of ISIS , and we welcome their support . Indeed , this is an opportunity to reverse the destructive policy of the last five years of reaching out and appeasing our enemies while giving our allies the cold shoulder . Instead , we should partner closely with our friends in the region who are already engaged in this fight , notably Israel , Jordan and the Kurds . This mission must be led by the United States if it is to be done right , and we can not make the assembling of a coalition a higher priority than the execution of our mission . National security hawks call for airstrikes targeting ISIS leaders And , leading that mission requires a clear articulation of the mission . Finally , the President appears to have ruled out making any formal authorization request from Congress to take military action . This is wrong . I ask the President to reconsider . Only Congress has the authority to declare war . While our commander in chief has constitutional authority to respond to an imminent danger , Obama has not suggested that is the case . He is reportedly planning a mission that could last as long as three years and may require a range of actions . Therefore , congressional authorization is required by the Constitution . Making this formal request would provide the President with an opportunity to present the American people with a clearly defined military objective , tethered to national security , to protect our nation and to unite everyone in the mission to eradicate ISIS .	Sen. Ted Cruz : Americans who join ISIS should be stripped of citizenship He says ISIS threat is a reason to increase border security Cruz : Obama should seek congressional authorization for campaign vs. ISIS The idea of partnering with Iran or Syria against ISIS would be a mistake , he says
CNN  -- As Hurricane Sandy converges with other storms and threatens to wreak havoc on the mid-Atlantic coast , power outages could make it difficult for residents to get up-to-date information . But mobile phones can provide crucial updates as long as their batteries hold out .  If you live in the storm 's path and it 's not too late , this might be a good time to invest in a wireless phone charger . News apps and mobile sites are helpful , but for real-time streaming updates , it 's hard to beat Twitter . With that in mind , here 's a roundup of Twitter accounts offering real-time information about evacuations , mass transit , flooding , power outages and emergency-relief efforts . 6 mobile apps for tracking a hurricane For weather forecasts The National Weather Service is tweeting out forecasts and analyses hourly from its National Hurricane Center account . For more frequent updates , the Weather Channel is tweeting every few minutes on its Hurricane Central account , which posts everything from recorded wind speeds  "  La Guardia airport in #NYC just reported a gust to 58 mph "  to photos of surf pounding the coastline . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  and the folks at NASA have been tweeting satellite images of the storm 's massive spiral along with flooding forecasts and other information . CNN 's meteorologists are posting frequent updates to the CNN Weather Center account , which also appears on CNN 's interactive Hurricane Tracker page . One of them , CNN 's Rob Marciano , has been tweeting updates from the storm-lashed beaches of Asbury Park , New Jersey . For evacuation orders and safety info The emergency-preparedness experts at FEMA are posting updates about local shelters along with safety reminders  "  Now that you 've prepared for #Sandy , the next step is to check on your neighbors - make sure they 're ready too . We 're in it together . "  The American Red Cross also is posting lists of shelters , blood drives and other info . All the governors of the affected states are on Twitter with regular updates about evacuation plans , highway closures and emergency hotlines . Among the most active are Tom Corbett of Pennsylvania , Chris Christie of New Jersey  who , in typically blunt fashion , tweeted "  Do n't Be Stupid , Get Out "  , Andrew Cuomo of New York , Jack Markell of Delaware , Dan Malloy of Connecticut and Martin O'Malley of Maryland . Also , New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg 's office has been tweeting frequently about closures of the city 's parks , tunnels , subways and related services . For transportation updates Amtrak is posting regular updates about limited or canceled Northeast Corridor train service . So are local transit services , such as New Jersey Transit  which suspended all service Monday  , and Greyhound , the bus line . The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates the New York City area 's three major airports , also has an active and helpful account . For air travelers , there does not appear to be a Twitter account that aggregates the status of flights across multiple airlines . But all the major airlines are tweeting updates about delayed or canceled flights . Hurricane safety : When the lights go out	Many Twitter accounts offer real-time updates about Hurricane Sandy Feeds provide info about evacuations , highway closures , shelters and canceled flights In the event of a power outage , cell phones could provide crucial news updates
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Thursday defended his government 's record on free speech and rejected a claim it uses "  Stalinist " methods , a day after two international rights groups issued scathing reports . Putin was put on the spot during an annual televised call-in session in Moscow . It was his first since he was elected to a third term as president last May and lasted close to five hours . Journalist Alexey Venedictov , who is editor in chief of the Echo of Moscow radio station , asked Putin if Russia can use "  Stalinist tools " if it wants to be an advanced , modern state . "  I do n't think we can see Stalinist elements here , " Putin responded . Stalin is recalled for "  the personality cult and mass violation of law , reprisals , prison camps -- we see nothing like that in Russia today and I hope we will never see that again . Our people will never allow that to happen again , " he said . "  But that does n't mean we should have no discipline , no law and order -- and all people in Russia should be equal before the law . " That includes the women in the punk band Pussy Riot , Putin said . "  No one puts anyone in prison for political reasons , for their political views . They get punished for violating the law . Everybody should observe the law . " Three Pussy Riot members were convicted last year of hooliganism for performing a song critical of Putin in a Russian Orthodox cathedral , in a brief but provocative protest action . Two are still in prison following the controversial trial . The reports published Wednesday by Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch both outlined a deterioration in the freedom of speech , citing a heavy clampdown on critics and activists Human Rights Watch said the government has "  unleashed a crackdown on civil society unprecedented in the country 's post-Soviet history " in the 12 months since Putin regained the presidency . "  The authorities have introduced a series of restrictive laws , harassed , intimidated , and in several cases imprisoned political activists , interfered in the work of nongovernmental organizations  NGOs  and sought to cast government critics as clandestine enemies , thereby threatening the viability of Russia 's civil society , " it said . Putin told the audience it is OK to have demonstrations , "  but they should be legal " and should n't interfere with other people 's lives . Controls of the Internet are needed only to limit access to child pornography , pedophilia and education on "  suicide activities , " Putin said . Putin said non-governmental organizations are welcome in Russia -- and play a useful role in exposing local abuses of power -- but those that receive foreign funding and are involved in political affairs should declare where the money came from and what it is spent on . The two rights groups were critical of new laws which , Human Rights Watch said , "  clearly seek to limit , or even end , independent advocacy and other NGO work . " The president also was asked about the trial for embezzlement of prominent Kremlin critic and opposition leader Aleksei Navalny , which resumed Wednesday in the northern city of Kirov . Navalny , who 's also a popular anti-corruption blogger , says the charges are politically motivated . Putin responded that "  people who fight corruption have to be completely honest themselves ... if someone accuses other people of stealing , it does n't mean he 's above the law himself . " International relations Putin urged closer cooperation between different countries ' security services in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings . On two occasions -- in March and late September 2011 -- Russian authorities asked U.S authorities to investigate one of the bombing suspects , Tamerlan Tsarnaev . FBI agents on Wednesday interviewed his parents in Dagestan , in Russia 's North Caucasus region . "  This tragedy should motivate us to work closer together , " Putin said . "  If we combine our efforts we will not suffer blows like that . " Questioned about his country 's external ties , Putin acknowledged that there has been "  some cooling off " in Russia 's relationship with the United States since the Iraq War , which Moscow opposed . Putin also pointed to other U.S. actions as factors in the deterioration of relations between Moscow and Washington . He highlighted the decision of U.S. lawmakers to pass the December 2012 Magnitsky Act , a law that imposes visa bans on and freezes the assets of 18 Russian officials believed to be connected to the death in prison of whistle-blowing Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky . "  Why did they do this ? Nobody knows the answer to that question , " Putin said . Russia 's lawmakers responded to the Magnitsky list with their own list , slapping similar sanctions on 18 Americans it called rights violators . Putin also said he is grateful for the Obama administration 's support of Russia 's entry to the World Trade Organization but questioned why it still has Cold War-era legislation -- the so-called Jackson-Vanik amendment -- governing its trade relations with Russia . The United States has waived the legislation every year since 1994 , but it still violates World Trade Organization rules requiring members of the body to give one another permanent normal trade relations . NATO 's engagement in the Libya conflict also led to cooler relations , Putin said . The session was Putin 's 11th televised question-and-answer conference , according to Russian state-run broadcaster RT. .	Putin says the Boston tragedy should motivate countries to work together Vladimir Putin denies the use of "  Stalinist tools " to limit freedoms in Russia in a televised session "  No one puts anyone in prison for political reasons , " says the Russian president Putin says U.S. actions have been factor in a "  cooling off " of Moscow-Washington relations
CNN  Talk about gender transitioning may be swirling around Bruce Jenner , but the 1976 Olympic gold medalist has kept quiet . Who can blame him ? Though the mainstream is increasingly aware of the various ways some people are modifying their gender presentations -- even in our Instagrammed , reality-show age -- it remains rare for people to do their transitioning in public . It 's even more uncommon for someone already in the public eye to go through the process . If the rumors are true , Jenner may become an exception . His mother , Esther , recently spoke to The Associated Press about hobbies he intends to continue enjoying ; "  family sources " and "  an insider " have spoken to TMZ and People magazine , respectively , providing droplets of gossip about Jenner . That part is no surprise . Jenner 's ex-wife , Kris , is the matriarch of the Kardashian clan -- no strangers to growing up and showing off in public . However , while Esther Jenner and Kris ' daughter Kim Kardashian have both publicly offered strong support for Bruce Jenner , neither has used the words "  transgender " or "  transitioning " with the media . CNN 's repeated attempts to get comment from Jenner , his agents and his mother have gone unanswered . E! , which runs "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " and is reportedly working on a documentary with Jenner , has told CNN "  we 're still not commenting . " And Jenner himself has said nothing publicly . Even the decathlon winner 's website , brucejenner.com , consists of a cover page with a generic photo of runners at the starting line , a reference to him as "  the world 's greatest athlete "  as Olympic decathlon winners are sometimes called  and a small note that content is "  coming soon . " He reportedly does have an interview with Diane Sawyer in the works . There are a handful of relatively well-known people who have transitioned . They have also remained private during the process . Here are a few examples . Renee Richards As Richard Raskind , Richards was a successful eye surgeon and , in her younger days , a highly regarded amateur tennis player . Her transition was carried out in private but became very public when she was outed by a San Diego TV reporter after a mid - '70s tennis tournament , which prompted the U.S. Tennis Association to ban her from the U.S. Open . As Michael Weinreb wrote in a 2011 Grantland profile , "  Until that moment , she had no intention of playing in the U.S. Open . Until that moment , Richards , already a well-respected eye surgeon , insists she had never really dreamed of a professional tennis career . " Richards won the right to play in the Open -- she lost the 1977 doubles final -- and became a sought-after coach , most notably with Martina Navratilova . A documentary about her life , "  Renee , " premiered in 2011 . Lana Wachowski The older of the Wachowski siblings , creators of the "  Matrix " trilogy and the newly released "  Jupiter Ascending , " began modifying her gender presentation in the early 2000s . During Wachowski 's transformation , friends and representatives publicly denied that the process was underway . As late as 2007 , when the Wachowskis were making "  Speed Racer , " columnist Roger Friedman quoted producer Joel Silver as saying , "  It 's all untrue . " The insular Wachowskis had a no-press clause in their studio contract , so the chatter was not confirmed by the pair themselves . Wachowski came out as transgender in public in 2012 . The pair was the subject of a major New Yorker profile in September 2012 . "  My biggest fears were all about losing my family . Once they accepted me , everything else has been a piece of cake , " Lana Wachowski told the magazine . "  I know that many people are dying to know if I have a surgically constructed vagina or not , but I prefer to keep this information between my wife and me . " Chaz Bono The child of Sonny and Cher came out as a lesbian in 1995 . In 2008 , he began his gender transition , a process that was noted by his publicist in 2009 . Bono 's transition was the subject of a film , "  Becoming Chaz , " in 2011 . Since then , Bono is probably best known for competing on "  Dancing with the Stars . " He stays active in the entertainment business , promoting his weight loss on "  The Doctors " and appearing in the forthcoming film "  Dirty . " Alexis Arquette One of the acting Arquettes -- sibling of Rosanna , Patricia and David -- had roles in such films as "  The Wedding Singer " and "  Pulp Fiction " before transitioning in the early 2000s . The experience was the subject of a 2007 film , "  Alexis Arquette : She 's My Brother . " Since then , Arquette has appeared in the TV series "  Californication " and the films "  Here & Now , " "  Getting Back to Zero " and "  Blended . " Arquette has said she wants the focus to be on her art , not her body . "  When people ask me about my privates , I say : ` Unless you want to have sex with me , there 's no point asking me . Unless you want to discriminate against me , I do n't know why it would be an issue , ' " she told Out 's Michael Musto in January . "  Why would you treat someone differently ? You 're gon na hold the door for me just because I have a vagina ? It 's nice to hold the door for everyone . "	Bruce Jenner is the subject of gender-transitioning rumors Very few high-profile people have gone through the process
CNN  -- Marcel Kittel won the 10th stage of the Tour de France -- but it was Mark Cavendish who stole the headlines Tuesday . The Briton was forced to endure a nervous wait following the conclusion of the race with television pictures appearing to show him barging into Dutchman Tom Veelers during a sprint finish . The Manxman had looked to be in contention as the 197 kilometer stage between Saint Gildas des Bois and Saint Malo approached its climax before clashing with Veelers within sight of the finish line . The Argos rider suffered cuts and bruises but race jury president Vicente Tortajada Villaroya refused to blame Cavendish for the coming together . "  Veelers had done his job for Kittel , he was tired and he was looking down , " the Spaniard told reporters . "  If we have to blame anyone , it is Veelers . There has been no complaint from Argos , but we were not considering sanctions or a disqualification . " Cavendish , who finished third following the incident , maintained his innocence after missing out on a 25th stage win . "  The commissaires are already putting the blame on me , " he told reporters . "  You can see he  Veelers  moves a little bit right , I move a little bit left , it 's not like I took his wheel , I 'm following the road . " Cavendish also took to Twitter to defend his actions , tweeting : "  Just seen the sprint . I believe I did n't move line . I 'm actually coming past Veelers and we touch elbows when he moves . Anyway , hope he 's OK . "  There 's no way I 'd move on a rider deliberately , especially one not contesting a sprint . I hope Tom 's OK . " Winner Kittel , who is the first man to win two stages during this edition of the Tour , escaped the crash as the sprinters went full pelt for the line . "  I 'm really happy to have won but the victory is tempered a bit by the crash . I hope Tom is n't too injured , " he told reporters . "  Apparently Cavendish bumped into Tom and he lost control of his handlebars and crashed . "  I can not imagine that Cavendish did that on purpose , it just happens sometimes in a hectic finale . Every sprinter wants to come to the front when he comes to the line and I hope that he 's OK . "  You can see that Cavendish really bumped into the handlebar of Tom but it does n't look like he does it on purpose . Tom swings off to the right and Cavendish to the left - and it 's just very unlucky at that moment . " Team Sky 's Chris Froome maintained his one minute 25 second lead over nearest rival Alejandro Valverde . Froome was close to the crash towards the conclusion of the race but escaped with his lead intact . "  It was a bit tricky towards the end , but I always had a teammate with me and I kept out of trouble , " he told reporters . "  It 's always nervous when you come into the last 2 km with a bunch sprint coming off the final bend , but I was to one side of it and went around it without any problems . "	Germany 's Marcel Kittel of Argos won the 10th stage of the Tour de France Stage held over 197 kilometers between Saint Gildas des Bois and Saint Malo Mark Cavendish defends actions after appearing to knock Tom Veelers off bike Team Sky 's Chris Froome stays in yellow jersey
London , England  CNN  -- A new budget airline backed by easyJet founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou will soon take to the African skies , promising to bring low-cost flights to millions of people in the continent . Dubbed Fastjet , the no-frills carrier is expected to launch in three to four months , aiming to cash in on Africa 's robust economic growth and a growing appetite for travel by its burgeoning middle class . The move comes after Haji-Ioannou 's easyGroup teamed up earlier this month with pan-African conglomerate Lonrho to create the low-cost carrier . Lonhro , owner of budget airline Fly540 , has agreed to sell its aviation business to investment firm Rubicon Diversified Investments , in which easyGroup will hold a 5 % stake . The new business will start operations using Lonrho existing network in Ghana , Kenya , Tanzania and Angola , before expanding to more markets in the future . "  These four countries are currently experiencing great GDP growth , along with oil and gas discoveries and developments , " says Ed Winter , chief executive of Fastjet . "  We believe that the time is absolutely right to change Fly540 into a much bigger airline based on the low-cost model which has been successful in every other part of the world , " adds Winter , who is easyJet 's former chief operating officer . The business , which will still be majority-owned by Lonrho , has set a target of carrying around 12 million passengers per year , "  which creates an airline of roughly 40 aircraft , " according to Richard Blakesley , Fastjet 's finance director . The low-cost carrier expects to offer average fares of $ 70-80 before tax , which could fall to as much as $ 15-20 when booked early . "  That price will absolutely democratize air travel , totally changing the way people are traveling in Africa , " says Winter . Fastjet executives say they hope to tap Africa 's rather underdeveloped aviation network , offering an affordable alternative in a transport environment largely dominated by difficult terrains , long bus journeys and poor infrastructure . Read more : Africa 's daily commuting grind Haji-Ioannou , who set up easyJet in the mid-1990s , has described Africa as "  the aviation industry 's last frontier . " "  Past experience shows by halving fares , a successful low-cost carrier can encourage those people , who have never previously traveled by air , to fly . For Africa , with its densely populated cities separated by great distances -- this means a potential new market of millions , " he said after the reverse takeover by Lonhro . In 2011 , low-cost carriers occupied 9 % of the African market , suggesting that there is a large potential for further development and growth , says aviation expert Linden Birns . He notes , however , that the big challenge for airlines is breaking into cross-border flights and launching intra-African routes . "  At the moment access to markets on a transnational basis is governed by a set of bilateral air transport agreements , " says Birns , founder of South Africa-based aviation consultancy Plane Talking . "  Under those agreements , governments stipulate who 's allowed to fly and how many flights . That really keeps a lid on things -- if you can break through those barriers and introduce competition then we should see some pretty rapid growth happening in the market . " Aircraft manufacturer Airbus has forecast Africa traffic to expand by about 6.5 % per annum between 2011-2020 and by 4.9 % between 2021-2030 , for a 20-year growth rate of 5.7 % . This compares with a 4.8 % increase in demand on a worldwide basis over the next 20 years . "  It 's no secret that Africa represents a massively untapped market , " says Birns . "  If we look at where growth is happening in the world , Africa is certainly up there . " Birns says that as Africa 's cities get more populated and as demand for business is growing , the expansion of the low-cost model should revolutionize the continent 's air transport in the same way that it did in North America , Europe and now in Asia . "  More people will be able to trade , more people will be able to do their tourism and it should be a good economic driver , " he says . See also : Is Africa world 's next manufacturing hub ? Fastjet 's foray into the African market comes amid a tumultuous time for aviation industry in the continent -- earlier this month , a plane crash in Lagos , Nigeria , killed all 153 people aboard . Winter says Fastjet will raise the bar on safety and security , operating "  as though it was an European airline . " "  There 's no reason why Africans should n't be just as safe and secure as in an European airline and we will follow those sort of procedures , " he says . "  Now , that adds a bit cost to our operation but to my mind all of those costs are actually worthwhile to provide a safe and secure airline . " Looking ahead , Winter says the biggest challenge for Fastjet is dealing with lack of airport infrastructure , as well as high taxes imposed by governments and rocketing fuel duties . "  What we 're hoping is that governments will realize that by allowing these tax levels to come down to more normal levels , we will be able to do most markets and their total revenue will actually increase , " he says . But despite the challenges , Winter says he is "  incredibly excited " about the venture , saying that there is n't a better time to enter the African market . "  Five years ago it just was n't that level of GDP growth , the spread of wealth amongst the population and the level of investment , " he says , "  Whereas now I think all those factors come to play and now it 's exactly the right time to do this . "	EasyJet founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou has joined forces with Lonhro to launch Fastjet The low-cost airline will operate from Ghana , Kenya , Tanzania and Angola Low prices will democratize air travel in Africa , say Fastjet executives Challenges include airport infrastructure , high taxes and fuel duties
CNN  -- As Santa busily sorts the naughty from the nice in a kind of seasonal secular judgment day , it 's time to think back on all the promises you broke this year . Now , as this montage of moments flits through your head , let 's home in on all those times you 've sworn you 'll totally give your buddy some good new tunes or your photos of an event . Yeah ... fail . As the internet has made sharing files and information a snap , we 've all gotten into the habit of breezily vowing to share our digital goods . But you could also argue that the Web has contributed to our epidemic laziness .  Case in point : Taking the "  outsource my life " stunt to a higher , more penny-pinching level , Fiverr lets you hire strangers to take care of all sorts of odd jobs for you for a mere $ 5 . And that laziness , exacerbated by selfishness and an inability to keep a thought in your head for more than three -- hey , is that a fruitcake ?! -- means your intended recipients know your promises to follow up are as hollow as your average hipster 's soul . Still , if the Christmas movies have taught us anything , it 's that eleventh-hour redemption is totally possible . Here are a few quick tips for morphing from Scrooge 's Doppelganger  pre-hauntings , of course  into Santa himself . The empty promise : "  Yeah , I have epic taste in music . I 'll make you a mix of some stuff you should listen to . " Ah , the mix tape . Once a symbol of love and devotion  after all , you had to sync up the cassette and physically hit the red button for each new track  , now a quaint relic of the past . First off , whipping out the blank CD or the jump drive is technically illegal  you 're actually not even supposed to back up legally purchased materials for yourself , according to copyright.gov  . An audio CD is fine if your bud is just going to whirl it around in his CD player  yes , because we all have Discmans these days . Cough .  But here are a couple of options that do n't require you to burn anything onto a disc -- or even physically see said friend again in person : One , make a Songza playlist and populate it with good songs . Songza is like a big free jukebox that streams tunes you handpick -- no downloading involved . Two , pull the right songs into an iTunes playlist and click Store -- > Create an iMix , which puts your Various Artists masterpiece onto the iTunes store for others to hear in 30-second snippets and download en masse or song by song . iTune 's new music social network service , Ping , just added the ability to share playlists with Ping friends as well . Which would be cool , if anyone actually used Ping . The empty promise : "  You look so gorgeous . I took a ton of great photos tonight -- I 'll send them to you ! " Wow , was n't that kind of you to traipse around Cindy 's long-awaited dinner party , snapping photos at every turn ! Yeah , it does n't do anyone a lick of good if those photos now sit on the memory card or on your computer 's hard drive for months on end . And lowish-res Facebook pictures do n't solve the problem : Your hostess with the most-est obviously wants high-res images she can print , frame and display at will . In our completely anecdotal experience , those in the 40-plus crowd are most conscientious about quickly sending promised snaps . The problem is that they almost always do it via ginormous e-mail attachments , straining your server , weighing down your inbox and sometimes making said pictures difficult to glance at quickly . Do n't you hate when the photo shows up in the body of the e-mail and , due to the fact that it 's about the size of a 17th century wall-hanging tapestry , you can only view a gray area of one corner ? Google 's photo-sharing service , Picasa , solves the problem readily . Upload some photos to a web album  you 'll need a Google ID , but you are n't required to use Gmail , luddite  , mark it as private if you do n't want the whole WWW seeing it , and then share the album with "  Friends , " "  Family " and/or "  Coworkers " -- groups you piece together from your Google contact list . Your chosen ones can then download full size individual photos at their leisure . They can even add their own photos to the album -- a boon if , say , the mama-to-be wants to scoop up various attendees ' images of her baby shower . Because apparently , you can never have enough shots of the quietly horrified crowd inspecting diapers smeared with mashed-up candy bars . Fun !	We 've all gotten into the habit of breezily vowing to share our internet goods with friends But you could also argue the Web has contributed to our epidemic laziness Here 's how to share music through Songza or photos through Picasa
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Republicans portray themselves as the party of family values . Yet , in Wyoming , one prominent group of right wing kinfolk will spend the holidays embroiled in a family feud . You do n't get to choose your family . Still , family members might choose a destructive lifestyle that puts them at odds with loved ones . They make others uncomfortable , and hurt those who love them . These people are often thinking only of themselves , and they have n't considered the consequences of their behavior . Liz Cheney is one of these people . And the destructive lifestyle she has chosen is that of a politician . The Republican Senate candidate from Wyoming is running to the right of Republican incumbent Sen. Mike Enzi . And because that might not be so easy to do , whenever the challenger offers an opinion on a topic , it 's difficult to know if she 's speaking from the heart -- or pandering to the lowest common denominator . An independent political group calling itself the American Principles Fund , which is defending Enzi , recently launched an ad attacking Cheney for opposing a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage and supporting the decision of the State Department to give benefits to same-sex partners of employees . Cheney sisters spar over same-sex marriage , parents weigh in This week , while calling on Enzi to denounce the ad and labeling it "  gutter politics , " Cheney stood by those earlier positions . During an interview on "  Fox News Sunday , " she said : "  I do n't believe we ought to discriminate against people because of their sexual orientation . If people are in a same-sex relationship and they want their partner to be able to have health benefits or be designated as a beneficiary on their life insurance , there 's no reason we should n't do that . " Nonetheless , that ad puts Cheney in a tight spot , and given that Wyoming is a very conservative state and given that she 's trying to position herself on the far right of the spectrum , she ca n't be seen as soft on same-sex marriage . Thus , in the same interview , she made clear that she does n't favor allowing same-sex couples to wed and that she supports "  the traditional definition of marriage . " It 's a position that Cheney has long held . That is part of the problem . In a country where , as public opinion polls make clear , the opinion of so many Americans on same-sex marriage is rapidly evolving due in large part to the fact that young Americans consider this a nonissue , it would have been good to see some personal growth from Cheney . Besides , she should tread lightly on this subject . Why ? Because blood is thicker than votes . And because Michael Corleone was right , and -- even in the rough and tumble of politics -- you "  do n't ever take sides with anyone against the family . " And , for the Cheney family , this issue is personal . Liz 's sister , Mary , is in a same-sex marriage and has two children with her wife and longtime companion , Heather Poe . "  I love Mary very much . I love her family very much . This is just an issue in which we disagree , " Cheney said on "  Fox News Sunday . " Mary Cheney was n't having any of it . Not long after the interview , she posted this rebuttal on Facebook : "  Liz -- this is n't just an issue on which we disagree -- you 're just wrong -- and on the wrong side of history . " Mary also shared a post by Poe , who was likewise bothered by Liz 's comments . It read : "  I was watching my sister-in-law on Fox News Sunday  yes Liz , in fifteen states and the District of Columbia you are my sister-in-law  and was very disappointed to hear her say ' I do believe in the traditional definition of marriage ... "  Liz has been a guest in our home , has spent time and shared holidays with our children , and when Mary and I got married in 2012 -- she did n't hesitate to tell us how happy she was for us . "  To have her now say she does n't support our right to marry is offensive to say the least . " Here is what Liz Cheney missed : To many proponents of marriage equality , the very idea of "  traditional marriage " is offensive . You see , tradition is the antithesis of progress . It was once tradition that women did n't have the right to vote , and African-Americans used separate restrooms , and U.S.-born Mexican-Americans were swept up in immigration sweeps . Those things had to change , and they did . In those instances , Americans decided that tradition should take a back seat to things like fairness , justice and equality . This year , Christmas dinner at the Cheney house is bound to be awkward . The kids are fighting , and that sort of thing always hurts the parents most of all . "  This is an issue we have dealt with privately for many years , and we are pained to see it become public , " Vice President Dick Cheney and his wife , Lynne , said Monday in a statement . They insisted that Liz Cheney has "  always treated her sister and her sister 's family with love and respect , exactly as she should have done . " And , they said , "  Compassion is called for , even when there is disagreement about such a fundamental matter . " The Cheneys know something about compassion . Over the years , they have been remarkably graceful and supportive toward Mary Cheney and her family . Dick Cheney has challenged conservatives in his own party by saying that gays and lesbians should be allowed to marry and that -- despite calls for a federal ban on same-sex marriage -- the issue should be handled at the state level . I know something about what Liz Cheney is going through . As recently as 14 years ago , I was opposed to same-sex marriage and supported the watered-down alternative : civil unions . I thought this was a battle that was n't worth fighting and that gay activists should focus their attention elsewhere . However , my younger brother , who is gay , would n't let me get away with it . He challenged me . He told me I was wrong . He forced me to be a better person . I changed my view , and came to understand that Americans ca n't have a two-tiered system , where some of us enjoy the right to marry the people we love while our brothers and sisters and cousins are denied that right , based on nothing more than sexual orientation . It 's discrimination with all its ugliness . In the end , this is where we should arrive . Not just because you love your brother , or your sister , but because , just as importantly , you love your country . And you understand what America stands for above all else : freedom . For all of us . Or none of us . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Liz Cheney , running for U.S. Senate , declared opposition to same-sex marriage Cheney 's sister , who is in a same-sex marriage , says Liz is on the wrong side of history Ruben Navarrette : Liz Cheney should recognize that same-sex marriage is about freedom He says his brother , who is gay , persuaded him to change his view on marriage
CNN  -- Turkey and Japan have agreed to a $ 22 billion deal to build a nuclear power plant in Turkey , the semi-official Turkish news agency Anadolu reported . The deal , signed Friday , represents a step toward recovery for Japan 's nuclear industry , left reeling by the devastating earthquake and tsunami that triggered a disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi plant in 2011 . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , speaking at a joint news conference , said the deal would place relations between the two nations on a different level . Japanese and French companies lead the consortium which will deliver the contract signed by the two governments . The third-generation ATMEA1 reactor will be built in Turkey 's northern Sinop province , which borders the Black Sea , said GDF SUEZ , part of the consortium . Erdogan said lessons had been learned from the Fukushima disaster , the worst nuclear accident in a generation . "  After the Fukushima incident , people said negative things about Japanese technology , " Erdogan said , quoted by Anadolu . But , he said , in response to that criticism he drew a parallel with what happens after an air crash . "  We should consider there is a risk of accident , but we need that technology . With an advanced technology we will take better steps . " Turkey , like Japan , is in an active earthquake zone . The two prime ministers said they hoped it would take less than a decade to complete the project . The two countries have also agreed to found a Turkish-Japanese Technical University in Turkey , Anadolu reported , with plans to follow up with a Japan-based counterpart in the future . "  A step like this between Turkey and Japan is really important , " said Erdogan . The tsunami that hit Fukushima Daiichi after Japan 's historic earthquake knocked out power and coolant systems at the plant , resulting in meltdowns in three reactors . The result was the most serious nuclear accident since Chernobyl , as the crippled reactors spewed enormous amounts of radioactive particles into the environment . CNN 's Bharati Naik and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Japan and Turkey agree a $ 22 billion contract for a nuclear reactor The reactor will be built in Turkey 's northern Sinop province , on the Black Sea Turkey 's prime minister says technology has advanced since Japan 's Fukushima disaster Turkey , like Japan , is in an active earthquake zone
CNN  -- New laws in Nigeria and Uganda , plus reports throughout the continent of extortion , murder , so-called "  curative rape " and abuse of LGBTI  lesbian , gay , bisexual , transsexual and intersex  -- and their allies -- are deeply concerning to many people , in and outside of Africa . While Africa is not alone in this apparent trend , the vehemence of some of the homophobia , and the way it is being linked to pan-African struggles against Western imperialism , is striking . Not surprisingly , many people now view Africa as the most homophobic continent in the world . It is commendable that so many want to help in the fight against state-backed repression of sexual rights . Before rushing in , however , let 's keep four things in mind . First , Africa is not a country . It is 54 , 10 of which have signed the 2008 United Nations declaration recognizing sexual orientation and gender identity as human rights , including two which had originally opposed it but switched sides in 2011  Rwanda and Sierra Leone  . Consenting male adult homosexual acts are legal in 14 African countries , while female-female sexuality is largely ignored outside a handful . In 2004 , Cape Verde joined South Africa in decriminalizing sodomy while Botswana and Mozambique have made discrimination in the workplace on the basis of sexuality unlawful . The country of South Africa has one of the most progressive constitutions in the world for protecting human rights and was a co-sponsor of the United Nations ' 2011 initiative to develop global strategies to end violence and discrimination against sexual minorities . One can be skeptical about international human rights statements and the reliability of the police and courts , especially for the poor majority . But important symbolic victories have been won in recent years across Africa , and in some cases policy reforms have been substantive . While not highly publicized , for example , many states now provide some health education , anti-retroviral medicine and other services to men who have sex with men  condoms in prison and the like  . There has been an explosion of culturally sensitive scholarship by an emerging generation of African researchers that undermines homophobic claims . Gay-friendly art , literature , theatre , and films have also flourished . One of Kenya 's best-known authors , Binyavanga Wainaina , publicly acknowledged he was gay just this year , joining a growing list of political , religious , and cultural figures in Africa who have spoken out forcefully against homophobia . Second : homophobia in Africa is real and dangerous , but appearances can be deceiving . Many of the factors contributing to the recent homophobic turn in African politics have their roots outside of Africa . Homophobes today often cite "  family values " as a traditional reason Africans hate homosexuality , and it is true that there was a strong culture of extended families to help folks survive in often harsh environments . Yet the African philosophy of "  uBuntu " meant keeping families together even when members strayed from the heterosexual , married , and fertile ideal . This meant tolerance accommodation with sexual difference as long as discretion was maintained . Enforced celibacy or abstinence , adultery , impotence , erotic preference for the same sex ... all these things were known and understood as part of the diversity of the world to which humans , ancestors and the yet-born could adapt . Islam as traditionally practiced in Africa was also relatively accommodating to the fact that individuals sometimes strayed from the ideal moral behavior . The family could be maintained through all of that by using discretion and appropriate rituals , prayers , sacrifice and/or compensation . Colonialism , Christianity and capitalism messed much of this up . The British in particular were almost systematic in their introduction of laws that criminalized male-male sex acts . European missionaries denounced them with the threat of eternal hell-fire . Families were meanwhile broken apart to serve the labor needs of the colonialists . Africans were taught that they had no history and no culture of value , indeed , maybe they were not even quite human . Political independence unfortunately did not solve this ideological hangover . On the contrary , since the 1980s especially , bad governance and economic turmoil have left much of the population of Africa frustrated . We in the West should not forget our role in creating the present shambles in so many African countries , whether through assassinations , bribery , or more subtle economic thumbscrews . The "  Washington consensus " around neo-liberal structural adjustment was particularly devastating to families and social safety nets . In this context  rich getting richer , poor poorer  , there is a widespread hunger for scapegoats and for simplistic solutions . Third , mainstream faiths have not been very good at addressing Africans ' need for spiritual meaning after so many decades of economic and political malaise . The American Christian Right has by contrast been very active , and well-funded , in stepping in to fill that void . There is compelling evidence that American evangelicals have been instrumental in promoting Africans who will spread the homophobic message , including ghost writing speeches and advising on the Anti-Homosexuality Bill in Uganda . A similar "  homophobia international " may be happening in Muslim-majority countries where the Islamic Right is gaining ground over traditional Sufi beliefs . In a place like Nigeria , where sectarian violence is a looming threat to the stability of the nation , homophobia is one of the few points of agreement for canny politicians to calm the sectarian waters . In a place like Uganda , which some see acting as a mercenary for American geopolitical schemes in the region , denouncing the West 's so-called social imperialism is an easy way to cover complicity in a resurgent real imperialism on the continent . Finally , let us not forget that homophobia is not yet dead and buried in the West before we jump on our high horses . Maybe we can help our friends in Africa and ourselves by supporting African LGBTI in their efforts to strike at the Western roots of "  African homophobia . " A federal court case in Massachusetts bears watching , in which Uganda activists are suing an American Pastor " who is charged with persecuting homosexuals . Their triumph in that case will surely be a bigger blow for the global cause of human rights than cutting off aid or imposing other sanctions on African people . Read more : Uganda 's president signs anti-gay bill into law Read more : How American evangelicals may be responsible for Uganda 's anti-gay law Read more : Did Pastor promote homophobia in Uganda ? Read more : Ugandan President : Being gay not a right Read more : Ugandan tabloid prints list of ` homosexuals ' The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marc Epprecht .	This week Uganda passed a bill that could mean life in prison for "  aggravated homosexuality " Marc Epprecht says the vehemence of some of the homophobia in Africa is striking But he says Africa is a continent and its countries differ in their attitudes to homosexuality The West has played a role in creating homophobia in Africa , Epprecht says
CNN  The attack on Mark Lippert , the U.S. ambassador to South Korea , allegedly by a knife-wielding Korean progressive activist at a breakfast meeting in Seoul , was a rare and shocking reminder of the ongoing conflict that continues to divide the Korean Peninsula . Despite the ever-present backdrop of inter-Korean tensions , security in downtown Seoul is typically quite relaxed . But on Thursday morning local time , the alleged assailant , who has been tied to Korean nationalist and anti-U.S. protests , reportedly shouted his opposition to annual U.S.-South Korean joint military exercises and called for Korean reunification as he cut the ambassador on the face and hand with a 10-inch knife . This breakfast meeting with Lippert was taking place at a building directly across the street from the U.S. Embassy in Seoul . And the scene was probably not too different from a similar breakfast meeting I attended with the ambassador at a downtown hotel only a week before the attack . Lippert moved freely without a security detail or security screenings at the entrance to the venue , and was accompanied by only one or two embassy staff . Indeed , even since 9/11 , it is relatively easy to enter most large buildings in downtown Seoul , and security procedures have been generally perfunctory . In part this is because direct confrontations between South Korean citizens and U.S. government representatives in South Korea have been rare , and violent political attacks are unusual . True , there have been periodic group protests against the U.S. military presence in South Korea or against U.S. policy . But these protests have generally been conducted peacefully , a far cry from the environment of the 1980s , when pro-democracy protesters against a then-authoritarian South Korean government attacked and burned U.S. government facilities . Yet although downtown Seoul has been relatively safe and public security has often been lax , violent attacks on public figures in South Korea are in fact not unprecedented . The attack on Lippert brings to mind a May 2006 attack by a knife-wielding assailant on Park Geun-hye , South Korea 's current President , while she was campaigning in local elections in Daejeon .  Her calm demeanor despite receiving a facial laceration contributed to her reputation as a politician and future President who is cool in the midst of a crisis . The attack on Park was n't the only time the dangers inherent in South Korea 's lax security environment have been exposed : Back in 2008 , a lone arsonist burned to the ground Seoul 's unguarded Namdaemun , or South Gate , a South Korean cultural treasure . And of course , there is the backdrop of the ongoing inter-Korean confrontation , which plays out within Korean democracy in the form of a bitter confrontation between progressive and conservative factions . There is speculation that some members of South Korea 's progressive movement have ties with North Korea , and some of them have allegedly been somewhat willing to foment violence to stir up conflict within South Korean society . Most recently , some members of South Korea 's left-leaning United Progressive Party , which had won seats in South Korea 's National Assembly , were disbarred and convicted of plotting a violent insurrection , leading to the dissolution of the party itself . And while this hard-core group represents a fringe element within South Korean society , it still remains active in part due to North Korean ideological and financial support . All this said , the overwhelming initial Korean public response to the attack on Lippert has been one of outrage , condemnation and sympathy . Indeed , far from revealing gaps in the U.S.-South Korea alliance or fomenting discord over whether joint military exercises should move forward , the incident is likely to strengthen South Korean feelings of support for the alliance with the United States . Still , the incident also serves as a reminder that even in the most seemingly safe and pro-American environments around the world , there is a risk that some zealous critics of U.S. policy may resort to violence against official U.S. representatives overseas . And that 's especially so in regions such as the Korean Peninsula , where longstanding tensions still cast a shadow over security considerations .	Mark Lippert , U.S. ambassador to South Korea , was attacked in Seoul Scott Snyder : Attacks on public figures in South Korea not unprecedented
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- If anything were to go seriously wrong at Tuesday 's inauguration of Barack Obama , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff is the man who would manage the crisis response . He is trying to make sure everything goes right . Barack Obama 's visit to Baltimore , Maryland , on Saturday offered a taste of Tuesday 's tight security . "  I do n't anticipate anything disruptive . Part of my job is to hope for the best and plan for the worst , " Chertoff said during a final tour of key sites across Washington . CNN exclusively accompanied Chertoff on the tour . Chertoff said authorities are not aware of any credible threat to the inauguration . "  We are constantly scrubbing and rescrubbing intelligence to see if there is a threat that we should be concerned about . And that is going to continue , frankly , through the inauguration itself , " he said . "  We are literally going to be watching this every minute between now and the conclusion of events on the 20th . " It is difficult to detect individuals or small groups intent on causing trouble , and Chertoff is most worried about them . "  I am still focused on the kind of event we had at Virginia Tech : one disturbed person kills a bunch of people . So whether the motivation is racism or some psychological disorder ... in an open society , it is impossible to keep a single individual from doing some damage , " he said . Chertoff 's first stop was the multi-agency command center from which he will monitor inaugural events . This is the security nerve center for the inauguration , with representatives of federal , state and local agencies that will help secure the swearing-in , the parade , the balls and other special events . "  Everyone has a common picture of what is going on , " Chertoff said . "  If something arises , we know who has the ball . We know who plays a supporting role . If an issue that is not anticipated comes up , we are in the room ; we can figure out what do ; we can make a decision . " Chertoff also took a swing by the U.S. Capitol , where Obama will be sworn in . The west side of the Capitol gives a panoramic view of the National Mall , where crowds will assemble to watch Tuesday 's events . Chertoff said it was useful to see the setting firsthand . "  You get a sense of the physical layout . You may get an idea of where the potential congestion areas or challenges are in terms of managing that large crowd , " he said . The presidential reviewing stand was still under construction in front of the White House . This is where Obama will view the parade in his honor . In the biting cold , Chertoff got a quick tour and received a briefing from the United States Secret Service . Turning up his , Chertoff expressed concern that the public will not plan and prepare for the weather , which is forecast to remain frigid . "  The worst thing in the world would be for someone to come dressed like he is going to go to Bermuda , with no food or water or place to stay . " Critics have accused inauguration organizers of engaging in security overkill , but Chertoff said he has tried to strike a balance . "  You do n't want to make this like an armed camp , because it spoils the event itself . At the same time , you want to have enough capacity so you can deal with any foreseeable issue , " he said . Unlike other Bush administration officials , Chertoff will not leave his job when Obama is sworn in . He will stay on until the morning of January 21 , to ensure continuity through this major security event and to allow his designated successor , Janet Napolitano , to enjoy the festivities . Chertoff believes that this is the largest and most complex security event in history . An estimated 8,000 police officers will be on duty , along with almost a thousand FBI personnel , Transportation Security Administration screeners and others , including 10,000 National Guard troops . Chertoff said that another 20,000 members of the National Guard are being held in reserve . "  I think we are ready , " Chertoff said .	Homeland Security chief takes a final tour of inauguration hot spots Authorities have heard no credible threats , he says Chertoff says officials will be watching "  every minute " through the day He says he 's tried to avoid security overkill
CNN  -- Erika Andiola spent hours Friday speaking to immigration officials to keep her own mother in the country . She prevented her deportation in the nick of time . The prominent immigration rights activist has routinely visited immigration offices on the behalf of others , "  but this is the first time I have been here for my own mother " , she said . Thursday night , Immigrations and Customs Enforcement officers raided Andiola 's Pheonix , Arizona , home and took away her mother , Maria Minerva Guadalupe Arreola , to deport her to Mexico . Andiola is president and founder of the Arizona DREAM Act Coalition , which supports legislation to allow the children of undocumented migrants to attain documented status . The acronym stands for Development , Relief , and Education for Alien Minors . The family 's lawyer Jose Panelosa told CNN affiliate KTVK that Arreola was on a bus headed to the border when the decision to release her was made . "  Fifteen minutes into the ride , there was a phone call to the bus and the driver took the call and spoke to the other agents , and turned the bus around " , he said . Arreola was released in Florence , Arizona , he said . Opinion : DREAMers are pushing their luck The woman 's son , and Erika 's brother , Heriberto Andiola Arreola , was also detained in the raid , but was released Friday morning . When asked by KTVK what led to his detainment he said , "  I do n't know if it has to do with my sister 's activism , I do n't know . " Andiola has often appeared on television discussing immigration rights with her mother . She has worked with Obama administration officials and members of congress on immigration reform . An official with ICE told CNN , "  ICE agents did not target these individuals because of their family member 's role with the Dream Act Coalition . " On a press conference call Friday , Andiola said she spent hours in the offices of ICE seeking her family 's release and was told that her mother would be "  deported right away " under an "  expedited order of removal . " She told reporters that her brother and her mother were recently charged with traffic violations . ICE exercised "  discretion " in releasing Arreola , according to spokeswoman Barbara Gonzales . Andiola 's mother has been "  previously removed from the country , " she said . Both her and her son 's case are under review . New immigration rule helps undocumented families Arizona passed a controversial immigration law in 2010 , which the Obama administration quickly challenged . The U.S. Supreme Court threw out many of its provisions as unconstitutional . Arizona is the nation 's most heavily traveled corridor for illegal immigration and smuggling . The Justice Department said Arizona 's population of two million Latinos includes an estimated 400,000 there illegally , and 60 % to 70 % of deportations or "  removals " involve Mexican nationals . Such home raids like the one Andiola had to endure are wasteful in light of anticipated immigration reforms , said Frank Sharry , Executive Director of America 's Voice Education Fund . "  It 's ridiculous to think we 're spending billions of dollars arresting people who will be on the road to citizenship once Congress enacts reform . " Andiola feels her time and effort are being unnecessarily taxed as well . "  I am asking President Obama and his Administration to stop separating families , " Andiola said . It should n't have to take thousands of phone calls to stop the deportation of one person "  every day all around the country . " Opinion : Dispel the immigration myths	ICE officers detained the mother and brother of activist Erika Andiola Her mother was on a bus to the Mexican border , when a call came to turn around Andiola advocates legislation to give children of undocumented immigrants access to legal status This was the first time Andiola had to get active on her own family 's behalf
Madrid  CNN  -- British police arrested a man wanted for an attempt to assassinate the king of Spain more than a decade ago , they announced Thursday . Spanish national Eneko Gogeaskoetxea Arronategui was detained in an armed operation in the city of Cambridge , England , police said . He is suspected by the Spanish authorities of being a member of the Basque separatist group ETA . Members of ETA allegedly tried to kill Spain 's King Juan Carlos when he attended the inauguration of the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao , Spain , in October 1997 . "  It does n't matter where they go , there 'll always be a police officer after them . They have it very difficult . We are not going to change this until ETA ends its violence , " Spanish Deputy Prime Minister and Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba told reporters Thursday after the arrest was announced . Rubalcaba said it was believed that the suspect held a high position in ETA logistics around 2006 and 2007 but that his current role with the ETA -- if there is one -- is under investigation . Rubalcaba also said he did not think there was a stable ETA structure in Britain , according to Spanish media reports . Gogeaskoetxea , 44 , is due to appear in court in London later Thursday . The European arrest warrant states Gogeaskoetxea is wanted for participation in an armed gang ; attempted assassination of the king ; terrorism resulting in death ; possession of weapons ; theft and forgery . The offenses are alleged to have taken place on October 18 , 1997 , in Spain . Gogeaskoetxea 's arrest comes a day after that of ETA suspect Daniel Derguy , who was detained in the town of Cahors , in southern France . According to anti-terror sources cited by the Spanish newspaper El Pais , Gogeaskoetxea moved to Britain with his family in early 2010 , using false papers . El Pais reports that his brother Ibon Gogeaskoetxea , an alleged ETA leader , was arrested in February last year in France . ETA has been waging an armed struggle since the late 1960s for an independent Basque homeland in northern Spain and southwestern France . It is blamed for the deaths of more than 800 people over the decades , while several thousand others have been wounded . ETA is classified as a terrorist organization by the United States and the European Union . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report .	NEW : Spain 's deputy PM says the suspect 's current role in the ETA is under investigation The police will continue to pursue ETA members wherever they go , Rubalcaba says The man is suspected of being a member of the Basque separatist group ETA The alleged assassination attempt occurred in 1997
CNN  -- Occasionally , at odd hours , you may find that you have a Waffle House all to yourself . This allows for silent contemplation . There is one notation on the ubiquitous restaurants ' familiar laminated , double-sided menus that has long intrigued me . This summer I finally decided to look into why that notation is there , and the answer led , in a roundabout way , to an unexpected and beguiling tale of American business , and of fathers and sons . You really do learn something new every day . The omelets on all those Waffle House menus are not described as mere omelets . They are designated as "  Toddle House omelets . " The Toddle Houses -- they have been out of business for decades -- were a cherished institution in the middle of the 20th century . I must have eaten hundreds of Toddle House meals as a boy and young man . They were open 24 hours a day , and were bare-bones . A counter and 10 stools . No booths . No tables . A place you could depend on . I never quite understood how those original Toddle Houses could make any money with only 10 customers at a time , but they were heartland perfection  if not perfect for one 's heart  . Cheeseburgers , grilled cheese sandwiches , hash browns made on the grill right in front of you , breakfast round the clock , and the most mouthwatering chocolate icebox pie and banana cream pie imaginable . I can taste those pies right now , and it 's been more than 40 years . The chain was based in Memphis , and , as mid-South historian Vance Lauderdale has written , "  Everything was gleaming steel or white tile , and crammed into the tiny space were fryers and ovens and broilers and toasters and -- well , just about everything needed to prepare anything from a cup of coffee to a steak dinner . " I thought the Toddle Houses had vanished from everywhere but my dreams -- yet they live on , on every Waffle House menu . And , because there are more than 1,600 Waffle Houses in the United States , there are a whole lot of Waffle House menus . To find out the reason for all of this , I got in touch with Waffle House headquarters , in Norcross , Georgia . I was told that there is no financial connection between Waffle House and the old Toddle House . But one of Waffle House 's co-founders , Joe Rogers Sr. , got his start as a Toddle House employee , and it was he who insisted on the Toddle House label on the omelets , as a fond and wistful homage to those lost little diners . Now ... here 's where the saga gets cool . I delved into Toddle House history . It turns out that the guy who built the Toddle Houses from nothing into a mid-century middle-American treasure was a fellow named Fred Smith . He had owned a bus company , had sold it , and had devoted his business acumen to the Toddle Houses . He died in the 1940s , leaving a 4-year-old son fatherless . The boy , also named Fred , went to college , joined the Marines , served two tours of duty in Vietnam , then came home and , like his dad had done , decided to start a company . It was based on an idea he had dreamed up while in school . It had nothing to do with the restaurant business . It was a little firm called Federal Express . How 's that for a father-and-son success story ? Toddle House and FedEx , sharing a common bloodline . It 's one thing for a dad to teach his son the ropes in a family business , and hand it to him . And history is full of dads and their sons who have succeeded in the same field . John and John Quincy Adams , and George H.W. and George W. Bush , became presidents of the United States . Archie Manning and his sons Peyton and Eli all became National Football League quarterbacks . Bobby Hull and his son Brett are both hockey hall-of-famers . Kirk Douglas was a Hollywood leading man , and so is his son , Michael . But those sons followed their fathers into the same job . The first Fred Smith , though , was long dead by the time the second Fred Smith determined that he wanted to go into business . There must be something genetic about the creative business urge  or something in the Memphis water  ; the first Fred was n't around to teach the second Fred how to do it , yet the Smiths built two completely different kinds of companies that on a national scale successfully fulfilled completely different consumer needs . And I just realized something : Nine years ago , when a lifelong friend was dying of cancer and we who grew up with him and loved him were gathering to bid him farewell , we tried to think up a gift that would mean something special to him . I found , online , an antique shop in the South that had on hand an old dinner plate from a Toddle House  the slogan of the restaurants , modest yet confident , was : "  Good as the Best . " The slogan was baked into every plate  . We 'd had so many Toddle House meals together , sitting shoulder-to-shoulder on those stools at the counter . We knew what the gift would represent to him . We were all going to sign the plate for our friend , so he could keep it on a shelf near his bed . But time was short . We did n't have the luxury of waiting . So I asked the antique shop owners if there was a way they could get it to us quickly . There was . They sent it FedEx . It arrived the next day , for us to sign and present to him . After he passed away , his wife did me the kindness of giving me the sturdy old Toddle House plate , complete with all of our signatures on it -- and his . I 'm looking at it as I type these words . I realize only now that it was the first Fred Smith 's prized product , brought safely to us by his son . What a country . Sometimes you have to just smile and shake your head . Now , if there was only some way for FedEx to deliver a slice of that long-gone Toddle House banana cream pie ... The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene wondered why Waffle House menu sold Toddle House omelets Toddle House eateries were a staple of his youth Toddle House was the root of a remarkable father-son success story The son of Toddle House 's founder , grew up to succeed in a different venture
CNN  -- When animal control officers were called to a Greenville , South Carolina , neighborhood to pick up a wandering pit bull on a cold Monday in December , they did n't expect a mystery to unfold . But inside a fold of the dog 's collar , they found a wrinkled black-and-white photo . It had no name or date . A smiling man seated on a railing looks straight into the camera -- but , beyond that , the photo offers no clues . The friendly tan canine , now named Soldier because the man in the photo may be wearing a military uniform , was skinny but well-behaved , said Susan Bufano , community relations coordinator with Greenville County Animal Care . He was not neutered or microchipped . Bufano said the collar itself is n't old , which reduces the chances it was placed there long ago and forgotten . "  It 's so bizarre , " she said . "  Absolutely anything is possible . " After the photo was posted to the shelter 's Facebook page , a few people tried to offer clues about the photo , but nothing substantial has surfaced . Bufano hopes a wider exposure will lead them to the owner , or at least help solve the mystery . "  This photo should mean something to somebody , " Bufano said . Even if the owner is n't found , the dog is available for adoption . Because the shelter has limited space , it 's possible that Soldier could be euthanized if he is n't adopted , Bufano said . Interest in Soldier makes that unlikely , she said Thursday . This is n't the first odd case the shelter has encountered . Years ago , Bufano said , a dog was found wandering the parking lot wearing a cape . Anyone with information about Soldier is encouraged to contact Greenville County Animal Care at petpr@greenvillecounty.org . Forgotten Challenger photos found Marilyn Monroe photos found at garage sale still a mystery	A stray pit bull was found in South Carolina Animal shelter workers discovered an old photo in the dog 's collar The man in the photo , and his connection to the dog , remain a mystery
London  CNN  -- A newly discovered painting by Renaissance master Leonardo da Vinci has sent shock waves through the art world , prompting speculation that more of his paintings could be as yet undiscovered . The "  Salvator Mundi " was , for years , thought to be a painting by one of da Vinci 's pupils or associates . But after a lengthy period of study and conservation , it has been authenticated as a da Vinci . The painting was sold in 1958 for Â # 45 -- about $ 125 in today 's currency -- by descendants of British collector Sir Frederick Cook , who bought the painting in 1900 . Today , the painting is estimated to be worth $ 200 million , according to some scholars . Though the conservator who helped to reveal the painting 's true identity called it "  the rarest thing imaginable , " speculation is rife that there are other Leonardo da Vinci paintings still at large , possibly lying unknown in private collections . There are currently some 15 authenticated Leonardo da Vinci paintings in the world . But they are difficult to attribute , because da Vinci often left his works unfinished and some are thought to have been worked on by other artists in his workshops . Martin Kemp , Emeritus Research Professor in the History of Art at Oxford University and a leading expert on Leonardo da Vinci , gives the careful estimate that there are probably no more than 20 paintings by the master in the world , which suggests there could be five more to be discovered . Dianne Dwyer Modestini , who conserved and restored "  Salvator Mundi " said : "  It 's very mysterious , the things that happen to pictures . "  Somehow  "  Salvator Mundi "  leaked out of the Royal Collection , was put on the market in the late 18th century and disappeared until 1900 , " she said . The painting sustained several over-paint jobs over the years that obscured its true identity . "  People forget or they begin to doubt the opinion of the person who originally said it was by Leonardo , particularly if it 's been badly repaired ... It happens to pictures all the time , " she said . The last painting by Leonardo da Vinci to be discovered was the "  Benois Madonna " in 1909 . Other major finds in the last 100 years include the discovery of two bound manuscripts by da Vinci in a public library in Madrid in the 1960s . And more recently , a chalk drawing called "  The Beautiful Princess , " was discovered . It first appeared at Christie 's auction house in New York in 1998 and was initially thought to be a 19th-century German imitation of a Renaissance painting . Art historian and Professor Emerita of the Florence University Mina Gregori was one of a number of scholars who authenticated the drawing as a da Vinci , though its provenance remains contested . "  I think that there are works that we do not know , " said Gregori and that "  there are always surprises up to a certain point . " And given that two Leonardo da Vinci works have been discovered in the space of five years , she is confident there may be more . Works that could be out there include a wooden shield with the face of Medusa painted on it , mentioned in 16th-century art historian Giorgio Vasari 's biography of da Vinci ; the clay molds of a statue of a horse da Vinci was working on when he was living in Milan ; and a mural called "  The Battle of Anghiari , " which a forensic expert named Maurizio Seracini believes is hidden behind a Vasari fresco in Florence 's Palazzo Vecchio . When it comes to paintings and drawings , Gregori believes that a strong market is an important factor in locating them . "  They were special years in the antiquaries  world  , when many people were selling art from their homes , " Gregori said , referring to the period when the "  Beautiful Princess " and "  Salvator Mundi " were sold . "  Now , fewer people buy and so fewer people sell , so in these times you find less , " she continued . But that wo n't stop people believing there are lost works out there . "  I hope always that we will find new things , " said Gregori .	Recent disocvery of lost Leonardo da Vinci painting prompts speculation True identity of "  Salvator Mundi " lay dormant for years until research confirmed it was a Leonardo Scholars believe there may be up to 20 paintings in the world , and possibly more drawings Once authenticated , paintings leap in value by millions of dollars
CNN  -- A U.S. military aircraft suffered a pressurization loss Saturday morning over the Atlantic Ocean , prompting it to be diverted "  as a precaution , " an Air Force spokesman said . The C-5 , a military cargo plane carrying 25 passengers and crew , was 34,000 feet high "  when the aircraft experienced a loss of pressurization shortly after 11 a.m. , " said 1st Lt. Andre Bowser , a spokesman at Westover Air Force Base in Massachusetts . The plane was supposed to go to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , but instead was redirected to Westover , Bowser said . The C-5 was diverted to that base , where it is currently assigned , "  for maintenance , " he said . "  No injuries were reported , and no in-flight emergency was declared , " Bowser said . Video footage shot after 2 p.m. showed the C-5 on the ground in Massachusetts , with people leaving the aircraft .	NEW : The plane lands at a base in Massachusetts and people get off A C-5 plane "  experienced a loss of pressurization , " military spokesman says At that point , the aircraft was 34,000 feet above the Atlantic Ocean Spokesman : "  No injuries were reported , and no in-flight emergency was declared "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Justice Department Tuesday said its prosecutors are assisting the State Department Inspector General in the investigation into the breaching of passport files of the three leading presidential candidates by State Department contractors . The passport files of Sens. Barack Obama , Hillary Clinton and John McCain were improperly accessed . The involvement of its lawyers appears to be a shift in the Justice Department 's position since Friday , when Attorney General Michael Mukasey said he would n't join the investigation until the State Department inspector general requested assistance . In the event someone walked into the Justice Department "  with a box full of evidence , " Mukasey said Friday , that could change his stance . The State Department confirmed last week that contract personnel had accessed Sen. Barack Obama 's file on three occasions , and had made unauthorized entry once each into the passport files of Sen. Hillary Clinton and Sen. John McCain . Obama and Clinton are competing to be the Democratic nominee for president . McCain is the likely Republican nominee . Justice prosecutors met with State Department officials "  after the attorney general 's remarks on Friday and are coordinating with the Office of Inspector General on its investigative efforts , " Justice spokesman Peter Carr said Tuesday . Watch more on the passport breach " He said the department would have no further comment . The State Department initiated the contact and a follow-up meeting with Justice prosecutors sometime after Mukasey spoke , according to a knowledgeable official who asked not to be identified because of the pending investigation . The official said the guidance requested by State officials does not constitute what could be described as a "  joint investigation " by the two departments . Watch the Secretary of State 's comments " State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said Monday the Justice Department had an "  open invitation to be involved in the process " and it would be "  up to the Department of Justice as to what sort of involvement they will have . " Several members of Congress have urged the Justice Department to launch a criminal investigation to determine whether charges should be brought . The latest such call came Tuesday from the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , and the panel 's ranking Republican , Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania . "  The Justice Department should not wait to be handed ' a box full of evidence ' as you said at your recent briefing , before determining whether federal laws were broken , " Leahy and Specter said in a joint letter to Mukasey . "  We both strongly believe that our government has a duty to protect the private information of its citizens . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Justice prosecutors aid State Department in passport breach investigation State Department contractors accessed files of Sens. Obama , Clinton and McCain Attorney general had said he would n't join the investigation unless asked
CNN  -- Four Humvees carrying 33 Mexican soldiers crossed the border into the United States , and officials on both sides say it was a harmless mistake . The convoy of military vehicles crossed the recently-opened Donna-Rio Bravo International Bridge , which links the two cities of the same names in Texas and Mexico . The incident happened about 1:30 p.m. Tuesday , Customs and Border Protection spokesman Rick Pauza said . The soldiers "  just said they inadvertently crossed onto the U.S. side , " he said . The military men were processed at the port of entry before being allowed to cross back , he said . For its part , the Mexican military said that while patrolling the border , they accidentally got on the international bridge and had no choice but to enter the American side because that is where the turnaround is located . "  Everything was fine . There was no resistance and no other issues there , " Pauza said . Any time the Mexican military crosses the international border , it draws attention , however , as previous incursions have been recorded . In 2008 , seven members of the Mexican military were found inside the United States , telling border agents that they became lost and accidentally entered the country . In 2006 , a group of soldiers -- or men dressed as soldiers , as Mexican officials said -- were recorded accompanying suspected drug smugglers who became stuck in the Rio Grande . CNN 's Simon Hernandez-Arthur contributed to this report .	The incursion was accidental , officials say There were no hostilities The soldiers were processed and returned to Mexico
CNN  -- A 15-month-old was hospitalized after a behind-the-bar mix-up at a Michigan Applebee 's restaurant that left the toddler sipping alcohol instead of apple juice . Police were called to the Madison Heights restaurant on Friday evening after the parents of Dominic Wilson Jr. noticed their son acting strange during a family dinner . "  He was saying ` hi ' and ` bye ' to the walls , " said Wilson 's mother , Taylor Dill-Reese , 18 . "  He laid his head down like he was sleepy , then woke up and got really hyper . " At first , Dill-Reese blamed his odd behavior on lack of sleep . But at the end of the meal , she said Wilson 's father was stunned by what he tasted after taking a sip of his son 's juice . The juice was an alcoholic concoction that was stored in a mislabeled container , according to a Madison Heights Police Department news release . "  The container was apple juice but it had margarita mix in it , " Dill-Reese said . Wilson was immediately rushed to the hospital , where his blood alcohol content was measured at 0.10 , Dill-Reese said . "  They said if he had drank that whole cup he would have died , " she said , adding that she and her family will never return to the eatery . "  It was unreal , " she said . "  You do n't expect to go to a family restaurant , and your 15-month-old gets served alcohol . " Dill-Reese said the child is doing OK but they are taking him to see a doctor because he 's "  not eating like he used to . " Dill-Reese said she and her boyfriend -- both of whom are under 21 and not legally allowed to drink -- were both drinking smoothies during the meal . "  Obviously any situation like this is unacceptable , " Applebee 's officials said in a statement . "  We are working with local authorities and conducting our own investigation to assess exactly what happened . " Police have deemed the incident an accident .	Child was saying "  hi " and "  bye " to the walls , mother says Alcohol was in a mislabled container Police deem the incident an accident Applebee 's says "  any situation like this is unacceptable "
CNN  -- If the complexity of a country 's tax structure has a direct correlation with non-payment , then Pakistan would win a gold medal . The South Asian country has no fewer than 37 government agencies levying more than 70 unique taxes on various goods and services -- the problem is only a fraction of the population ever pays it . At the latest count , just 800,000 of the country 's 180 million people paid taxes , and its budget deficit stood at a massive $ 17 billion , according to government figures . Tactics designed to raise taxes have ranged from the standard - media campaigns aimed at getting shopkeepers to display their tax certificates , to the bizarre - groups of transvestites hired to ` shame ' tax debtors into paying . Now Pakistan 's National Data Base and Registration Authority  NADRA  has weighed into the problem of endemic non-payment with what it hopes will be a permanent solution . It aims to put every Pakistani adult into one of the world 's largest multi-biometric databases . "  We have 452 static centers where people are coming and giving this data , we have 250 mobile vans , we have a motorcycle service , and we  even  have people up in the mountains -- skiers and mountaineers with man-pack units , " says NADRA Chairman Tariq Malik whose mission it is to log every potential taxpayer in Pakistan . With half the population already registered under the scheme , it 's a platform for paying out benefits , track ID fraud and to track down tax evaders . While the Pakistan tax system is riddled with exemptions -- for instance , only those who earn more than $ 3,500 a year , just 10 million people , are subject to income tax -- NADRA says there are plenty of avenues for raising revenue in a country where those who are eligible for taxes paid an average of just $ 130 a year . The department aims to start at the top , identifying people whose conspicuous consumption does not match their tax bill . "  He has two Mercedes Benzes , one Toyota SUV , 10 bank accounts . He travels frequently to the UK , to Abu Dhabi -- he has a lot of money , but he does n't have a national tax number , " says Malik , holding the file of one of 3.5 million people NADRA believes should be paying taxes . Pakistan 's tax chief Ali Arshad Hakeem is calling for a tax amnesty with a difference -- a one-time payment with no questions asked about the past but a promise to file tax returns for the next four years . The aim is to bring people into the tax net for life . For those who still refuse , Pakistan 's Federal Board of Revenues -- the main tax collection agency -- plans to get tough . "  We are going to block their ID cards , and we are going to block their bank accounts , and we are going to block their foreign travels until the either pay or file an appeal , " says Hakeem . While the proposal has yet to become law , the hope is that the new measure will bring down the country 's crippling deficit and its reliance on foreign loans . "  By not paying their taxes , developed Pakistanis are forcing poverty on the rest of the country , " he said . Under the scheme , a one-off flat payment of 40,000 Pakistani rupees â $ " just short of $ 420 â $ " will wipe the slate clean for even lifelong tax evaders . "  We will issue notices to evaders after approval of the proposed law , and it will not be very difficult to hit them , as we have full data available about them , whether they are politicians , businessmen , cricketers or showbiz people , " Hakeem told the Pakistani daily Dawn . Nevertheless , some senior analysts have criticized the scheme as a license to launder money , saying the government should simply crack down on evaders rather than give them breathing space . Pakistan 's former chief economist , Ashfaque Hassan Khan , said the plan was unfair to those who did pay taxes and would encourage others to wait for similar amnesties in the future .	Pakistan has one of the highest rates of tax evasion in the world Those who do pay tax pay as little as $ 130 a year Amnesty proposed in a bid to draw people into the tax net Pakistan 's budget deficit currently runs as high as $ 17 billion
Cairo  CNN  -- Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was admitted to a hospital Tuesday after complaining to his doctor that he felt unwell , according to a spokesman for the Egyptian military . A military source said Mubarak 's condition was stable , not critical , and that his wife and elder son were with him . Egyptian state television reported Mubarak suffered a heart attack during questioning over possible corruption charges . When contacted by CNN , however , the prosecutor 's office denied any reports Mubarak had been questioned by authorities Tuesday . Egypt 's health minister , Ashraf Hatem , later said that Mubarak 's condition was stable enough to allow prosecutors to resume questioning at the hospital , according to the state-owned Al Ahram newspaper . The military announced early Wednesday that "  questioning of former President Mohamed Hosni Mubarak and his family has started today . " Mubarak proclaims his innocence Mubarak was hospitalized at Sharm el-Sheikh International Hospital , state media reported . He and his family are believed to have been living on his estate in the Red Sea resort since February 11 , when he stepped down and handed power to the military . The hospitalization comes two days after Egypt 's chief prosecutor summoned Mubarak for questioning on corruption charges . Mubarak immediately decried the accusations , saying the probe is aimed at tarnishing his reputation and that of his family . In a brief audio message aired Sunday , Mubarak promised he and his family would account for everything they own . He said he agreed to allow the prosecutor to contact governments around the world to take "  proper legal steps " to reveal whether he or his family own any property or real estate outside Egypt . Mubarak was brought to Cairo for questioning last month , and Egypt 's attorney general issued an order to freeze the assets of Mubarak and his family , and prohibited them from leaving the country . Egyptian blogger 's sentence is slammed Mubarak had back surgery in Germany in 2004 , and returned there in 2010 to have his gall bladder removed . He had largely withdrawn from public view in recent years , until this year 's uprising prompted him to make televised speeches . Mubarak ruled Egypt for nearly three decades . His regime was toppled by a groundswell of popular protests that began January 25 . CNN 's Samson Desta , Caroline Faraj , Ivan Watson and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	NEW : Questioning of Mubarak over corruption charges has begun , military says Egyptian state television reports Mubarak had a heart attack Mubarak has had health problems in the recent past Mubarak stepped down from power on February 11
CNN  Slain Russian opposition figure Boris Nemtsov knew criticizing the Kremlin was dangerous , but thought his fame would protect him . The 55-year-old was walking home from dinner with his girlfriend Anna Duritskaya when he was gunned down in Moscow on Friday . Nemtsov had been arrested several times for speaking against Putin 's government . The most recent arrests were in 2011 when he protested the results of parliamentary elections and in 2012 when tens of thousands protested against Putin . In an interview with CNN 's Anthony Bourdain last year , Nemtsov spoke of the deaths of other Kremlin critics , but said his fame offered some protection . "  I 'm a well-known guy , and this is a safety because if something happens with me , it will be scandal not only in Moscow city but throughout the world , " he said then . After Nemtsov was shot , Putin condemned the killing and ordered three law enforcement agencies to investigate the shooting , the Kremlin said in a statement . But critics of Putin have in the past suffered miserable fates . Last year , a Moscow court sentenced five men to prison for the 2006 killing of Russian journalist and fierce Kremlin critic Anna Politkovskaya . Business magnate Mikhail Khodorkovsky accused Putin of corruption and spent 10 years in prison and labor camps . Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko accused state security services of organizing a coup to put Putin in power . He was poisoned by a lethal dose of radioactive polonium and died in London in 2006 . No killer has been caught . In their 2014 interview , Nemtsov told Bourdain he believed Russia 's existing power structure was like 19th century Russia , with one person in control and no real freedom of press , real competition or elections or an independent judiciary or rule of law . "  You are in the typical country of crony capitalism , " he said . "  If you have a good relationship with Putin and his people around , you will have a good relationship with governor or mayor -- it does n't matter . If you are in the city you have a chance to raise money , to be successful ... you know , to buy real estate in the south of France or Switzerland , to open accounts in Swiss banks . "  But , if something happened between you and Putin and you are governor , you will be in jail . " Nemstov said in most places around the world , wealth provided opportunity and independence , but said that it was different in Russia . "  To be wealthy , you must be loyal . If you want to be independent , forget about business , forget about raising money , " he said . "  If you are rich , you are a slave . If you are rich , you are very much dependent . " Many people preferred to be able make money and not speak out , he said . "  This is a country of corruption , " Nemtsov said . "  For Putin 's Russia , this is a system . This is not a problem . " "  If you are corrupted , but you are loyal , and you serve the Kremlin , you are first of all rich and secondly you are in a very safe position . "	Kremlin critic and opposition figure Boris Nemtsov was fatally shot in Moscow on Friday In 2014 he had told CNN 's Anthony Bourdain his fame offered some protection Nemtsov criticized Putin 's Russia in the interview saying the power system was corrupt
Eccentric Chinese tycoon Chen Guangbiao took out a full-page bilingual advertisement in the New York Times , inviting underprivileged Americans to a charity lunch and offering cash handouts . According to Chinese media reports , the ad appeared in the New York Times print edition on Monday , announcing that Chen would host a charity luncheon at New York Central Park 's Loeb Boathouse on June 25 for 1,000 "  poor and destitute Americans " . Each participant would also receive $ 300 . Chen , who is known for theatrical philanthropic stunts , has a photo of himself in the ad placed side-by-side with a picture of Lei Feng , a Chinese soldier from the Mao-era who is celebrated as a selfless model citizen . The title above the images says , "  China 's ` Lei Feng for a new era . ' " Those who wish to join the luncheon need to RSVP via a Hotmail email address . Chen said he was hoping the lunch would show the U.S. that there are Chinese philanthropists . "  There are many wealthy Chinese billionaires but most of them gained their wealth from market speculation and colluding with government officials while destroying the environment . I ca n't bear the sight of it , " Chen told the South China Morning Post . Making his fortune from recycling domestic waste and construction materials in China , Chen has been in the media spotlight in recent years for his dramatic publicity stunts promoting philanthropic causes . He arrived at the scene of the 2013 Lushan earthquake in Sichuan just hours after the disaster took place and personally handed out cash to the victims . Chen has also tried unsuccessfully to buy the New York Times as part of his ongoing campaign to develop closer ties between U.S. and China . He recently expressed a desire to reignite discussions to buy the paper 's opinion section and fill it with articles about environmental protection and charity . Founder of the Huangpu Renewable Resources Utilization Group , Chen has donated hundreds of millions of dollars to various charitable causes over the years and has made it more than once onto Forbes ' list of Asia 's leading philanthropists . But not everyone is taken with Chen 's flashy generosity . Jeremy Goldkorn , director of Chinese media research firm Danwei , says : "  Chen is a clown whose so-called philanthropy appears to consist entirely of self-promotional stunts like giving handouts of cash in Taipei and New York , and cans of air to people in China . " Goldkorn has also tweeted that Chen is the "  greatest insult to the Chinese people . " Other critics find it difficult to take Chen seriously when his English namecard lists an absurdly long string of self-aggrandizing titles , including "  Most Charismatic Philanthropist of China . "	Controversial millionaire Chen Guangbiao is known for theatrical philanthropic stunts His latest antic : Inviting poor people in the U.S. to a free lunch and promising cash handouts Chen hopes to foster better U.S.-China ties
CNN  -- Google 's technology certainly can map out driving directions and organize e-mail  or even make cars drive themselves  . But can its digital tools take down drug cartels ? The company says it can , with your help . "  We believe that technology has the power to expose and dismantle global criminal networks , which depend on secrecy and discretion in order to function , " Google said in a blog post this week . "  And for the past few months , we 've been working with people fighting on the front line to gain a better understanding of what drives these networks and how they function . " In coordination with the Council on Foreign Relations and the Tribeca Film Festival , Google Ideas -- the company 's "  think/do tank " -- hosted a conference in Los Angeles this week . Its goal : to come up with ways technology can be used to help dismantle illicit networks , from the drug and arms trades to human trafficking . The event was called the INFO Summit , short for Illicit Networks : Forces in Opposition , and it was designed largely to brainstorm these issues and to come up with technological solutions that could be implemented in the future . A YouTube channel has been created to house ideas from the event , but it was largely empty as of Thursday . Google says it wants to use technology to help people within illicit networks , as well as helping members of the public to shed light on the networks ' illegal activities and ultimately dismantle them . The stakes for these activities are high . The United Nations estimates $ 2.1 trillion worth of illicit trade occurred in 2009 . Violence also tends to surround these enterprises . Nearly 50,000 people have died in Mexico 's drug violence since 2006 , according to Mexican authorities . As part of the efforts , Interpol also announced the creation of an app and website called The Interpol Global Register . It 's designed to help consumers and international law-enforcement groups track products that may be counterfeit or were traded illegally . A report about the app on Interpol 's website  PDF  says the app will be available for iOS , Android , Windows and BlackBerry devices . It did not appear on Thursday to be available for download . Consumers can use the app to scan items and determine whether they were traded or created illegally . Illicit products are reported to authorities . The efforts by Google Ideas aim to go beyond using technology to expose wrongs in war zones and in illicit networks . The company wants to use tech to make a difference . "  What we have learned from Syria is just getting content out into the public domain is not enough . Simple naming and shaming does n't solve the problems , " Jared Cohen , director of Google Ideas , told The Guardian in an interview at the conference . "  It gives people a voice but at the end of the day the way you 're going to solve these problems is some kind of partnership between humans and computers working together . " Technology could also be used in closed states like North Korea , Stewart Patrick writes in a wrap-up of the INFO Summit on a Council of Foreign Relations blog . "  Illicit networks flourish in the darkness , where corruption is the norm and transparency is absent . This problem is most acute in so-called ` mafia states , ' where the government has become a full-fledged criminal enterprise -- of which the ` soprano state ' of North Korea is the most glaring example , " he writes . "  But no country is exempt from corruption . And where transparency is lacking , there is no way for citizens to fight back . " In a way , by trying to address these problems , Google is acknowledging it has had a hand in fostering them , too . "  Internet-enabled technology , that which networks us together , has done a huge amount for humanity in general , " Scott Carpenter , the principal at Google Ideas , said at the Oslo Freedom Forum earlier this year , according to a live blog . "  But it 's also introduced complications , such as child pornography , transnational crime , and government repression . Technology has made these bad things easier . Simply , when you combine human beings with machines , the results can be marvelous , or they can be malevolent . " Google , whose unofficial motto is "  Do n't Be Evil , " says that any efforts to raise awareness about these problems could only help . "  We are trying to move the ball forward , " Google 's executive chairman , Eric Schmidt , said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times . "  It seems to me if we can increase awareness of illicit networks , that in and of itself is progress . "	Google hosts a conference on tackling illicit global networks The company says tech can fight cartels , human trafficking The INFO Summit is designed to gather info on the topics Interpol announces an app to track the legality of products
Fall River , Massachusetts  CNN  -- In a coastal city south of Boston , a community often known for its veterans is grappling with the loss of four young men who died this year while on active military duty . Army Sgt. Robert Barrett and Army Spec . Scott Andrews were both 21 years old when they were killed in Afghanistan , according to the city 's official veterans agent , Manuel DaPonte . Marine Cpl. Paul Fagundes , 29 , died in a swimming accident earlier this year near the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . And the city 's latest casualty , Army Spec . Ethan Goncalo , succumbed to injuries suffered in Afghanistan last week , just days before his scheduled return home , DaPonte said . He was also 21 years old . "  The city of Fall River has never ended its grieving process with this being the fourth military funeral this year , " Fall River mayor William Flanagan told CNN affiliate WHDH . "  Especially given this news around the holiday season . " Specialists Barrett and Andrews died within two months of each other . Like many grieving families across the country , their mothers at times question the war that has claimed both their sons ' lives . "  I know that our sons did not die in vain . Ours sons fought for freedom , " said Andrews ' mother , Jo Ann Mello . "  They believed in what they were doing . But I 'm not so sure that I believe . " Mello 's comments came as America 's top military official announced that the U.S. review of strategy in Afghanistan and Pakistan "  shows us that we are on the right track , " offering a personal glimpse into the homeland costs of a near-decade long conflict often fought in the harsh terrain of a country accustomed to war . "  I think we 're tired , " said Barrett 's mother , Carlene . "  Enough 's enough , and it 's time for this to come to an end . " Her son died from a suicide attack just south of Kabul International Airport earlier this year , according to icasualties.org , which notes military deaths . "  They say we 're fighting a war . We 're not fighting a war , " she said . "  My son was n't fighting when he got killed . He was leaning against a truck and a suicide bomber got in on the base . " Scott Andrews died from a bombing near Forward Operating Base Lagman , considered a key outpost for U.S. forces in eastern Afghanistan . "  It 's not always someone else 's son , " Mello said . "  It 's ours . " Her kitchen refrigerator is covered with photographs of the two men , recalling parades the city organized in efforts to honor the fallen soldiers . "  Remember that there are parents , families , mothers and fathers that are hurting individually , " DaPonte said . "  The rest of the country need not forget , please do n't forget that we 're at war . " On Thursday , President Obama said the United States is making significant progress in the nine-year war in Afghanistan , but warned that the conflict "  continues to be a very difficult endeavor . " Obama said the U.S. is "  on track to achieve our goals " of disrupting , dismantling and defeating al Qaeda and eroding "  its capacity to threaten America and our allies in the future , " he said . The gains , however , are fragile . The president noted , among other things , that there has been a "  successful increase " in the recruitment and training of Afghan forces due partly to the July 2011 deadline set by the administration to start withdrawing the U.S. military .	4 soldiers from Fall River have died this year while on active duty , officials say Military mother : "  Enough 's enough and it 's time for this to come to an end " Obama Thursday said the U.S. is making significant progress in the 9-year war in Afghanistan
EW.com  -- Just about every year , brilliant movies are utterly ignored by the Oscars . "  The Searchers , " "  Groundhog Day , " "  Breathless , " "  King Kong , " "  Casino Royale , " "  Touch of Evil , " "  Caddyshack , " "  Mean Streets , " "  The Big Lebowski " -- the Academy has a long history of overlooking comedies , action movies , horror flicks , hard-boiled genre pics , artsy foreign films , and documentaries that are n't about World War II . This year , we 'll be taking a closer look at films that were too small , too weird , or perhaps simply too awesome for the Academy Awards . These are the Non-Nominees . The Film : Affectionately known as "  Channing Tatum 's stripper movie , " the Steven Soderbergh film is about man at a crossroads : Does "  Magic Mike " keep grinding his moneymaker to bank those singles he 's saving to start his own custom-furniture business , or , does mentoring a fresh face  Alex Pettyfer  for his shady boss  Matthew McConaughey  make him see that he 's losing more than he 's gained and hang up his G-string for good ? Why it Was n't Nominated : EW 's Owen Gleiberman gave the movie an A - , so we could pretend this had an actual chance to follow in The Full Monty 's footsteps and garner a nod as one of the year 's Top 10  or nine  best pictures . But even with Soderbergh 's name attached , no one wanted to take this film seriously .  Especially the people who paid to see it multiple times even though they thought there was n't enough stripping and that Cody Horn , as Tatum 's love interest , was way too wooden . The real snub here is that McConaughey , who 's picked up supporting actor honors from the New York Film Critics and National Society of Film Critics among others this awards season , did n't score his first Oscar nomination for playing narcissistic club owner Dallas . The critics remember their summer raves for McConaughey 's commitment , but the buzz had faded by the time Academy members got to voting : Only one acting nomination this year came from a film with a U.S. release date before September , and that 's Beasts of the Southern Wild 's lead actress Quvenzhane Wallis . Another uphill battle : All supporting actor nominees this year have not only been nominated before , they 've all won before . But perhaps the biggest mountain for McConaughey to climb was the idea that him playing a shirtless beefcake with a chill vibe and his eye on the prize  moving the revue from Tampa to Miami  was n't a stretch .  We did n't penalize Alan Arkin for playing Argo 's acerbic movie producer , did we ? ` Following ' ratings grow in week 2 Why History Will Remember It Better Than "  Amour " : This is the film that secured Channing Tatum the title of People 's Sexiest Man Alive  and will forever make of us think of him when we hear Ginuwine 's "  Pony "  , but it was already legendary before that . There are multiple lessons here : 1 .  How Tatum turned what could have been an embarrassing leak -- a video of him stripping in his younger days -- into a film that 's grossed more than $ 113 million domestically and sparked talk of a sequel and a stage musical . He did n't try to bury his past  as perhaps some of his reps wanted him to  ; He knew there was a story in the comically dark , seedy world of male stripping , and he used his experience to inform it . That kind of honesty and sense of humor wins you fans . 2 .  Media tours can be fun , which we learned watching Tatum 's remarkably game costar Joe Manganiello body-roll his way around town . That 's also something we wo n't soon forget . 3 .  Speaking again to McConaughey 's snub specifically , just because a role seems a perfect fit does n't mean you should n't get credit for making it your own . As we found out when we went behind the scenes of the stripping numbers , in the original script Dallas did n't even have a stripping scene . McConaughey wanted one , and knew exactly how it should play out : He 'd begin by serenading the women from the stage with a slow song . Music supervisor Frankie Pine suggested she and McConaughey pen the tune with Martin Blasick , McConaughey 's guitar coach . They wrote "  Ladies of Tampa " in about three hours at McConaughey 's hotel . "  The song is silly as hell , but Matthew swears it 's gon na get nominated for an Academy Award . He keeps telling me I have to pick out my dress . And you know what , I am gon na submit it , " Pine told EW before the film 's June 29 release . After the song , McConaughey wanted to blow fire , smash his guitar , and strip to KISS ' "  Calling Dr. Love . " Whitney Houston 's bro talks sis and drugs McConaughey worked with costume designer Christopher Peterson on designing his thong . "  Matthew did n't want to wear , nor did I want him to wear , just a spandex thong . There was a rock 'n' roll Western feel to his clothing , and he kept talking about this specific coloring that a certain horse has . It just started occurring to me that maybe we were talking about a horse mane and fringe . He liked that idea , " Peterson told EW last summer . Fringe placement was another discussion . "  I started placing it at different places on the thong , and Matthew said , ` Right down the center , ' " Peterson recalled . "  Initially , the fringe was a little out of control . It was like a horse 's mane . We trimmed it back and trimmed it back . When those pants came off and the silver and black patent fringe started catching the light , the reaction was IN-SANE . " As for the actual moves for the number , McConaughey had ideas for those , too . "  He was so in it to be gross and raunchy , " choreographer Alison Faulk told EW . He came up with signature moves , like the "  Lick It and Slick It "  he licks his fingers and slides them down his pants  . "  He was the one who had the most names for things , because we would call them out , " Faulk said . "  I 've never laughed as hard as I laughed watching him perform , only because it was so f -- ing amazing . The women did not know what to do with themselves . The last thing he does in his routine is lie on the ground , and the girls were insane trying to tip him , shoving money in his G-string , and his G-string ripped off . He held it on with his hand . Nothing will beat that to me . " As Peterson said , when recalling that McConaughey 's G-string also had a fringe tail , "  Matthew was out to outdo all the other boys . I do n't know that he succeeded necessarily , but he certainly committed something incredibly memorable to film for all time . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Magic Mike " is the film that secured Tatum the title of People 's Sexiest Man Alive The Steven Soderbergh film is about man at a crossroads Even with Soderbergh 's name attached , no one wanted to take this film seriously
Orange , California  CNN  -- Ian Chung is nestled in darkness . Born just 24 weeks into gestation , he weighs scarcely more than a pound . He can hear the faint sounds of the outside world mingling with the soothing sound of his mother 's voice . His spindly arms and legs shake as he lets out a warble . "  Oh , my love , " coos his mother , Julie Chung , 31 . "  You 're going to be OK . " Julie 's hands descend -- one landing lightly on Ian 's chest while the other pushes against his jerking legs . She is using touch and light pressure to simulate , for her premature son , her own womb . A few moments later , Ian stops crying . "  When he was born he was so tiny , " said Chung . "  It was like , ` Oh wow , can a baby even survive outside the womb this early ? ' " Medical advances are improving outcomes for even the tiniest babies . Experts say fewer than 1 % are born in the "  micro preemie " category ; at the hospital where Ian is being treated , Children 's Hospital of Orange County in California , that means born before 28 weeks or born weighing less than 2.2 pounds . "  Survival rates  among micro preemies  have been improving , " said Mindy Morris , a neonatal nurse practitioner at Children 's Hospital . "  So they may survive to discharge . But then growing up as children they have a lot of complications . " Doctors and nurses at a specialized unit at Children 's Hospital have implemented a system they say is dramatically reducing disability and infection rates among this rare preemie population . Aptly named the Small Baby Unit , the staff work under the cover of darkness and quiet in a separate wing of the hospital . Here , stimulation is kept to a minimum ; speaking is only done in hushed voices . The overall effect is one of relative calm : an attempt to mimic what babies would experience if they were still safely tucked in utero . "  We try to keep it low sound , low lights , so that it is as close to the womb as we can get , " said Morris , coordinator of the Extremely Low Birth Weight Program at Children 's Hospital . "  We try to minimize the intrusion to them . " In 2009 , before the Small Baby Unit was up and running , 45 % of babies were discharged with chronic lung disease . In 2012 , after the unit had been operating for three years , the rate was down to 27 % . Infection rates from 2009 to 2012 dipped from 41 % to 15 % , and feeding , weight and head circumference have also improved . Dr. Kristi Watterberg , chairwoman of the American Academy of Pediatrics ' committee on the fetus and newborn , said that developing processes to treat extremely low birthweight babies is -- broadly speaking -- a good thing . But since Children 's Hospital 's data are self-reflexive , she questions what exactly is contributing to the unit 's success . "  When someone starts focusing on something , it tends to trend better , " said Watterberg . "  What made it happen ? We do n't know . " Watterberg said that some elements of what is being done at Children 's Hospital , including various forms of touch therapy , can be beneficial to premature infants . A large study published in 2004 found 21 % to 48 % greater weight gain among infants undergoing moderate massage therapy ; they also were discharged sooner from the hospital . Other studies suggest that specific types of massage therapy stimulate production of growth hormones and promote bone development . At the Small Baby Unit , parents act as "  therapists " and partners with the staff , so they are engaged fully with their child 's progress . Studies show that mothers who massage their infants experience decreased depression and anxiety . ` It can hurt to be touched ' Chung is learning about the thin line between stimulating and overstimulating her son . "  For preemies , it can hurt to be touched because their skin is n't ready for it , " explained Karin Mitchell , a developmental therapist working with Chung . Mitchell grabs Chung 's hand . "  Let me show you on your hand , " she said , pressing on Chung 's palm to show her how firmly to touch Ian . "  It 's not heavy , but it 's also not superlight . " "  Remember , when he was inside the womb there was amniotic fluid , and there was a feeling of that moving across every skin cell of his body , " Mitchell said . "  That 's what helps babies know , ` Where do I start and where do I stop ? ' "  When babies are born early like Ian , they do n't have that option , so now they have to learn their body in the midst of air . It 's a lot different . " Soon , Ian will lie -- tubes and all -- skin-to-skin on his mother 's chest for an hour or more , something referred to as kangaroo care . Painful medical interventions like intubation , extubation and blood draws are performed while a baby is skin-to-skin with a parent whenever possible . In those situations , touch is thought to mitigate pain . "  Kangarooing , " as mothers here refer to it , also helps with bonding and regulating things like respiration and sleep among babies . For mothers , it may stimulate breast milk production . "  It calms me when he 's ` kangarooing ' with me , and I notice he 's more calm , " said Chung . She pauses as tears roll down her face . "  It 's nice to know that those things help him . You cling to those little things that can ease things for him . " Ian 's care here is in stark contrast to what he got during his first few days of life , in a traditional NICU at another local hospital . There , according to his parents , the lights and noise were blaring . "  This unit  is a laser focus on this very specific patient population . I think that is what makes this so unique , " said Dr. Kushal Bhakta , medical director of the Extremely Low Birth Weight Program at Children 's Hospital . "  Other places I 've worked you will have a tiny premature baby next to an older child who has a heart condition , next to another child who may be crying , " he continued . "  So there 's ... a lot of other stimuli to this little tiny preemie and it 's not done purposely . It 's just the layout of whatever unit they 're in . " Watterberg of the American Academy of Pediatrics said it is important to strike a balance , adding that theories and approaches regarding noise in the ICU are constantly evolving . "  We used to think it should be quiet , so when these babies came into the world too soon , we 'd turn off the lights and make it quiet , " said Watterberg , a professor of pediatrics and neonatology at the University of New Mexico School of Medicine . "  Turns out babies were hearing a fair amount of noise in utero , and that maybe if it 's too quiet they are not hearing the kind of language they need . " She cites recent research that suggests too little sound could interfere with a baby 's acquisition of speech and language , and that exposure to speech can enhance brain development in babies . Similarly , she said , too much darkness could be counterproductive to a baby 's development , since in utero a baby would be exposed to a stream of information from its mother reflecting her own changing circadian rhythms . "  We know that what happens in the ICU affects babies long term , " said Watterberg . "  So I 'm pleased that this group is working on it , but the information we have is always in process . " Numbers In the Small Baby Unit , numbers mean a lot . When Ian was born , they went something like this : 47 % chance he 'd survive , and if he did survive , only a 31 % chance he would escape serious neurodevelopmental problems . Chung and her husband , Ryan Chung , temper the harsh reality of those statistics by focusing on other numbers â $ " milestones Ian is reaching from day to day , week to week . Ian has already defied the steep odds that he would not survive : Today , he is 7 weeks old . "  We celebrated 10 grams last night , " said Julie of Ian 's weight gain since he was admitted to the Small Baby Unit . "  It 's like '  He is  2 pounds ! Wow ! ' " The Chungs believe that Ian 's future prospects are improving because of his treatment -- in particular , the emphasis on touch -- in the Small Baby Unit . Three weeks and 10 ounces later , he is less reliant on supplemental oxygen and is less averse to touch . "  Julie , you want to massage him ? " asks Mitchell . "  Yes , " says Chung , who glances up at the numbers changing favorably on a monitor above her . "  He likes it . " Weeks earlier , the monitor beeped incessantly . Today , Ian seems relatively calm -- more OK with his surroundings . Although some of the science behind what happens in the Small Baby Unit eludes her , Chung knows that one alternative -- little or no contact between her and Ian -- would leave her empty emotionally . She recalls an article she read recently describing how most NICUs operated years ago . "  Moms would n't touch their kids , " said Chung . "  They would look at them through the glass wall . My heart broke for them . "  Not to be able to hold them or touch them or do any of that stuff ? " she added . "  All of that fulfills what I long for . It gives me something , even though it 's little . "	Fewer than 1 % of babies are "  micro preemies , " a term that varies in definition by hospital Small Baby Unit at California hospital mimics womb with soft lighting , low sounds Experts say touch can help mitigate pain of medical procedures for preemies
CNN  -- "  Congratulations ! " people said when I told them I was pregnant with my first child . Also , usually , "  What 's your due date ? Do you know what it is ? " And then , frequently -- and much to my surprise -- "  What book are you reading ? " It turns out you ca n't just up and have a baby . Many parents are now also subscribing to a particular parenting philosophy , often well in advance their little one 's emergence into the world . For a soon-to-be new mom , it was overwhelming . What was the right book ? Should I stick with the philosophies that make obvious sense to me , or consider some that seem like more dramatic departures ? Did I even need a book at all ? Heidi Murkoff , author of famed pregnancy guide "  What to Expect When You 're Expecting , " argued recently that this quest for guidance in books and online is at an all-time high . In a Daily Mail op-ed headlined "  Why I fear for modern mothers , " she wrote that it stems from pressure on parents to be the best . "  Society 's race for the perfect parenting prize has become all-consuming , " she wrote . "  Whatever the group , everyone is locked in conflict and judging each other . " Studying books on parenting is really no new phenomenon . Ever since Dr. Benjamin Spock published "  The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care " in 1946 , parents have been reading up on the best way to raise their little ones . Spock 's book was a parenting bible for many years , but also entertained its share of critics , from those who accused him of being anti-feminist , to those who claimed he fostered generations of spoiled brats , to those who blame him for an increase in violent crime .  Kids who grew up thinking it 's OK to eschew broccoli probably also think it 's OK to steal someone 's car ... right ? But where once there was just Spock to follow  or not , as the case may be  , there are now hundreds of parenting books to choose from , most of which seem to ride the same popularity roller coaster as Spock . A book might be celebrated one minute , but a few months down the line , a parent is a pariah for even having it on the shelf . Parents run the risk of reading a book , only to find it widely discredited mere weeks later . It seemed I had to accept that while books differ on how to parent , they all seem to suggest there 's a right way to parent -- and they , the authors , know the secret . Several friends lent me "  The Contented Little Baby Book " by Gina Ford , swearing by the schedule Ford delineates for parents . It includes , in some situations , letting your little one cry for a few minutes . But the idea of "  crying it out " now has some detractors wringing their hands as it has become a subject of conflicting research findings . Another book , Pamela Druckerman 's "  Bringing up Bebe , " touts the French system to raising an independent-minded child who allows you to sleep , have dinner or maybe even a conversation . No-brainer , right ? But the author also generated indignation , with one Forbes writer even accusing her of pushing a socialist agenda and ruining all our hopes for future generations of tyke-oons . Whether it 's Amy Chua 's push-your-kid method in "  Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother , " Dr. Bill Sears ' let-your-kid-sleep-with-you plan , Ellen Galinsky 's connection-before-correction or Tom Hodgkinson 's advice to just chill and have a martini , the messages are different -- but strangely the same : You can screw your kids up , or you can make them great . It 's all up to you , and whether you follow these wildly divergent instructions . Argh-gulp panic-middle-of-the-night-cold-sweat-anxiety . What if I choose the wrong child guru and ruin my offspring ? Can you mix and match philosophies ? What if by mixing and matching you just create some kind of a babymonster ? What if I  gasp  do n't read anything at all ? "  In terms of controversies and the bombardment of information , -LSB- the prevalence of so many conflicting parenting books -RSB- is making things too complicated and very un-relaxing for parents " , says Dr. Richard Weissbourd , who teaches at Harvard University 's Graduate School of Education and author of "  The Parents We Mean To Be . " In his book , Weissbourd looks at the pathologies parents themselves bring to the table , rather than just examining ways to parent . The book also examines the idea of "  over-parenting . " He believes many parents are too affected by "  the Joneses . " Not only are they feeling competitive in terms of what they 've read , but they worry that by not not taking the same approaches as other parents , they 're cheating their child out of opportunities . Trying to the absolute best parent can actually be damaging to children , the books suggests , and possibly pointless : There are no blanket ways to parent and there is often no right or wrong approach , Weissbourd argues . "  Books often tend to be too generic and get into all these debates , " he said . " It 's more like , ` Who is my child and how can I be most constructive given what 's going on with them ? ' " Will Ferrell , in a "  Nerdist " podcast , talks about how as a child he refused to take part in a gifted academic program at school , because it would interfere with his square-dancing classes . Ferrell 's mom did not dissuade him , as some parents might have , and of course now he 's , well , Will Ferrell . I wondered how Ferrell would have turned out if Amy Chua was his mom ? Or what a Sophia Chua-Rubenfeld raised in the Ferrell household would look like ? Possibly not at Harvard , like Chua , or on on "  Saturday Night Live , " like Ferrell . "  There are certain things that are fundamental and if you do them reasonably well , the chances are your kid will be fine , " Weissbourd says . "  Spending time , being warm , listening , creating reasonable expectations , caring for people , caring for yourself . Safeguarding your child 's health and knowing basic health information . " It sounds a lot like ... Dr. Spock . Spock tells parents in the first chapter : " Do n't be afraid to trust your own common sense . What good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is usually best . " So , I do n't need a book ? No need to read chapter two ? Just do whatever I think is best ? Perhaps . Weissbourd points out that this hyper-concern with reading parenting guides is largely divided among cultural and economic lines , and tends to be more of a middle - and upper-class issue . It 's not that parents do n't need guidance , he said , it 's about where that guidance comes from . He believes parenting in the United States has become too private . Parents will gladly read books , but balk at feedback from people they know . We 've all heard the line : "  Do n't tell me how to raise my child ! " The takeaway , according to Weissbourd , is not to ignore parenting books altogether , which can sometimes offer practical tips , but that the best advice comes from those around you who know you and your little one . Not only is your child unique , but parents might be bringing their own issues to the table , and those might need to be assessed on a case-by-case basis . Consult a trusted pediatrician , consult people whose opinions you respect , consult your partner , Weissbourd advises . Find time to pause and reflect -- he advises , adding , "  I think everybody has got to relax . " For me and my new life with a newborn , the most appealing books turned out to be those where I could find an answer quickly . In Marc Weissbluth 's "  Healthy Sleep Habits , Happy Child , " I skipped the chapters that explained why sleep matters -- that seems startlingly obvious -- and went straight to the week-by-week instructions . The standard "  Your Baby 's First Year " by the American Academy of Pediatrics and Murkoff 's "  What to Expect ... " books have been very helpful . I relied quite heavily on the Internet to give a variety of answers , making sure to check any advice with my pediatrician . With a baby , I think it 's less about personality , more about practical help . I think the real market for parenting books is parents with older children . Parents of babies reading about what kind of parent to be are probably , like me , likely to gravitate toward books that espouse theories they probably already believe . I read "  Bringing up Bebe , " because it resonated with ideas I already have about parenting , like teaching kids to enjoy "  grown-up " foods from an early age  I might eat my words if my little one refuses everything but chicken fingers .  I like the idea of having a well-behaved child , as I imagine do most people . This is all very well and good in theory , but I think it 's important to read a book that 's realistic to the specific situation . Even though I liked "  Bringing up Bebe , " it just might not be appropriate if my child is exceptionally shy . If a child has attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , for example , then reaching for Chua 's "  Battle Hymn " may not be the best shot . When faced with parenting hurdles further down the line , there wo n't be one easy answer , one book with all the fixes . I like to think I 'll take the same approach I do as a journalist -- read several source , know what advice and opinions are out there , whether books , articles or conversations with other parents and my doctor . Most important , I think , as Dr. Spock advised years ago , I 'll go with my gut . What parenting books do you love or hate ? Share your experiences in the comments or on Facebook or Twitter !	New mom Katie Walmsley felt pressure to follow parenting ideas in different books Walmsley : What was the right book ? ... Did I even need a book at all ? " She read several , likes some , but is sticking with Dr. Spock 's advice : "  Go with my gut "
London  CNN  -- If you 've ever found yourself in your local supermarket agonizing about whether the organic apples will be a more nutritional and greener choice than the cheaper non-organic ones , you 're probably not alone . A new study reveals organic foods are not necessarily healthier than non-organic food Year on year the organic food market grows as consumers look to make a greener and -- often thought -- more nutritional choice . A report by the UK 's Soil Association revealed that consumers there spent a record $ 3.7 billion on organic products in 2006 , that 's more than 20 percent growth on 2005 spending on organic goods including food , drinks and health and beauty products . It 's a similar story in the U.S. where -- according to the Organic Trade Association -- supermarket chains like Whole Foods have helped the organic food and beverage market grow from around $ 1 billion in sales in 1990 to around $ 20 billion in 2007 . Total sales for organic food and non-food products in the U.S. are expected to surpass $ 25 billion this year . However , one possible spanner in the works for the organic sector could be the results of a new study by the University of Copenhagen which revealed that organic foods contained no more nutrients than non-organic foods grown with the use of pesticides . Researchers studied five different crops -- carrots , kale , mature peas , apples and potatoes -- which were cultivated both organically  without pesticides  and conventionally  with the use of pesticides  and found that there was no higher level of trace elements in the food grown organically . Study leader Dr Susanne Bügel said : "  No systematic differences between cultivation systems representing organic and conventional production methods were found across the five crops so the study does not support the belief that organically grown foodstuffs generally contain more major and trace elements than conventionally grown foodstuffs . " This study -- published in the latest edition of the Society of Chemical Industry 's  SCI  "  Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture " -- is the first to assess the nutritional value of organic fruit and vegetables . It should be noted that the study does not make conclusions about the comparative levels of pesticides or chemicals in conventionally and organically grown food or the health effects of consuming such chemicals . The study results could be seen to support the idea that shopping organically is a lifestyle choice . When the idea of organics being a lifestyle choice was floated in 2007 by then UK environment secretary David Miliband it drew fierce reaction from proponents of organic food , including the Soil Association , which represents organic producers . He told the UK 's Sunday Times newspaper in January 2007 that organic food represented a lifestyle choice consumers could make and suggested that the use of chemicals and pesticides in non-organic foods did n't necessarily mean they were of inferior quality . So if organic foods are n't necessarily more nutritional , are they better for the environment ? According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , traditional agriculture accounts for around 11 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions each year , and the nitrous oxide found in fertilizers contributes most to these emissions . Even still , in 2006 the UK 's Manchester Business School assessed the environmental impacts of food production and consumption and concluded that there is n't a clear cut answer to whether the environmental impact is greater on a trolley full of organic food compared to a trolley full of non-organic food . Not so , was the response from the Soil Association . Do you believe organic food is more nutritional ? It countered that : "  Overall , organic farming is better for tackling climate change than industrial agricultural methods . As well as lower average energy use , organic farming also avoids the very large nitrous oxide emissions from fertilizer manufacture . " "  Additionally , organic farming builds up soil carbon , removing it from the atmosphere . Organic farming also supports more local food marketing , reducing food miles . " While the jury might still be out about whether organic farming is , on the whole , better for the environment , there is little doubt that it 's a booming industry which is starting to catch on in other parts of the world . The United Nation 's Food and Agriculture Organization estimates that organic farming now accounts for around 4.1 million hectares in Asian countries like India , China and Russia . In India where the Green Revolution in the 1940s helped transform it into an agricultural hub , organic farming is slowly expanding in specialist areas like tea and spices . Perhaps an indication of the potential of the organics market there is that the Prince of Wales is looking to expand his organic food business to the sub-continent by the end of 2008 . With a mandate of sustainability , The Energy and Research Institute  TERI  in India developed an organic farm in the small village of Supi in Uttarakhand in 2002 . Here , local farmers are given the know-how and technical skills to develop their own organic enterprises . "  Local farmers are involved in cultivating oregano , parsley , thyme , peppermint , rosemary , rose geranium , artimisia , stevia , lemon grass , and several other herbal and medicinal plants , " TERI 's Madhu Singh Sirohi told CNN . The herbs are commercially available to hotels and restaurants in the area and Hilton Hotel executive chef Kuntal Kumar was so impressed with the quality , he 's authored an organic cookbook which makes use of the herbs . Chef Kumar told CNN that organic fruit and vegetables only make up around 14,000 tons of the two million tons of food produced by India 's agricultural industry , but that measures like the "  Original Organics Cookbook " would help with wider awareness . "  Our approach is two pronged ; firstly we are trying to build awareness about organic farming which is in its infancy in India and secondly we are trying to build awareness within the culinary industry in India . " Kumar is sold on the superior taste , color and texture of the organic foods he uses in his kitchen , and he says the response from diners has been overwhelming . "  The response has been very positive ; they are overwhelmed that we are going so close to nature and that their food is fresh from the farmland to the table . " With increased consumer awareness perhaps it wo n't be long before the choice between the organic and non-organic apples will be played out in markets across India .	New study finds organic foods are not necessarily more nutritious The organics market in U.S. to exceed $ 25 billion in sales this year Organic farming is becoming more popular in countries like India
CNN  -- He grew up constantly on the move , the son of parents who were in the theater business in Australia . His mother and his stepfather say from an early age , Julian Assange has been driven by a sense of fighting for justice . Now , that battle applies to himself as well . Assange , the 40-year-old founder and public face of the website WikiLeaks , lost his battle Wednesday to stay in the United Kingdom and avoid extradition to Sweden to face questioning over sex charges . "  I have not been charged with any crime in any country , " Assange noted . It 's the latest turn in a saga that has kept the often elusive , enigmatic figure in the international spotlight . Since the summer of 2010 , when WikiLeaks began releasing reams of classified U.S. intelligence documents , Assange has stoked the ire of top officials in the United States and around the world . Some want him and WikiLeaks punished for what they call irreparable damage to global security . "  WikiLeaks has ... ignored our requests not to release or disseminate any U.S. documents it may possess and has continued its well-established pattern of irresponsible , reckless , and frankly dangerous actions , " U.S. State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland said in September . Supporters contend Assange represents free speech at its finest . They say he is committed to outing injustices . Assange himself has remained stalwart that the information WikiLeaks chooses to release serves the public by exposing truths about secretive government decisions . Days ago , when WikiLeaks announced it was temporarily stopping publication to raise funds in order to stay afloat in the wake of a financial blockade by banks , Assange said , "  If this financial attack stands unchallenged , a dangerous , oppressive and undemocratic precedent will have been set , the implications of which go far beyond WikiLeaks and its work . " His parents see the makings of his persona in his youth . His mother , Christine , describes him as "  highly intelligent . " He was just 16 when she bought him a Commodore 64 computer . It was 1987 , and there were no websites . Assange attached a modem to his computer and began his journey through the growing world of computer networks . "  It 's like chess , " he once told New Yorker magazine . "  Chess is very austere in that you do n't have many rules , there is no randomness and the problem is very hard . " Though his mother raised him without any religious influence , she sensed that from a tender age , her son was led by a strong desire to do what he perceived as just . "  He was a lovely boy , very sensitive , good with animals , quiet and has a wicked sense of humor , " she told the Melbourne , Australia , Herald Sun newspaper last year . Brett Assange , who raised Julian from age one and gave him his surname , says he was "  a very bright boy with a keen sense of right and wrong . " In an interview with CNN affiliate Seven News last year , he described his stepson as a "  sharp kid who always fought for the underdog . " "  Strangely enough , I always thought he would do something like this , " Brett Assange said . "  He was always very independent . And he certainly would n't take ` no ' for an answer . "  He always stood up for the underdog . I remember that , like with his school friends . He was always very angry about people ganging up on other people . He had a really good sense of equality and equity . " Julian Assange would go on to study mathematics and physics at the University of Melbourne . In interviews , his scientific precision shines through . In a baritone voice , he speaks in measured pace , choosing each word carefully . He can be charming yet cagey about his private life and is rarely shaken by discussions of even the most controversial revelations on WikiLeaks . He displays a broad range of interests , from computers to literature to his travels in Africa . He 's the kind of person who , he says , can hack into the most sophisticated computer system , but forget to show up for an interview , or cancel at the last minute . Even when he walked out of a CNN interview last year after refusing to answer questions about the sex charges in Sweden , Assange remained cool and collected . He projected a stately demeanor helped by his profusion of gray hair -- which grew at an early age -- and an equally steely facial expression . After his initial foray into computers as a teen , Assange delved into computer encryption and grew keen on computer security . He once relayed a story about how he set up an encryption puzzle based on the manipulation of prime numbers . The New Yorker article , published last year , described how in 1991 , Assange hacked into the master terminal of the telecom company Nortel , after which he developed a growing fear of arrest . He had married and fathered a child when he was only 18 , but the relationship fell apart and his wife left him , taking their infant son with her . He was charged with 31 counts of hacking in Australia but in the end paid only a small sum in damages , according to the New Yorker . The young hacker began to focus his attention away from network flaws to what he perceived as wrongdoings of governments . In a 2007 blog post on IQ.org , he wrote : "  The whole universe or the structure that perceives it is a worthy opponent , but try as I may I can not escape the sound of suffering . Perhaps as an old man I will take great comfort in pottering around in a lab and gently talking to students in the summer evening and will accept suffering with insouciance . But not now ; men in their prime , if they have convictions are tasked to act on them . " IQ.org is believed to be a blog created by Assange and is registered under the name "  JA " by the same U.S. domain company as WikiLeaks . Its Australian postal address is also the same as a submissions address for WikiLeaks . Driven by the conviction of an activist and the curiosity of a journalist , Assange founded WikiLeaks in 2006 . He slept little and sometimes forgot to eat . He hired staff and enlisted the help of volunteers . Always , he protected his sources , never discussing where information came from . "  People should understand that WikiLeaks has proven to be arguably the most trustworthy new source that exists , because we publish primary source material and analysis based on that primary source material , " Assange told CNN . "  Other organizations , with some exceptions , simply are not trustworthy . " Daniel Domscheit-Berg , a longtime volunteer and spokesman for WikiLeaks who quit his job last year , told CNN that Assange 's personality was distracting from the group 's original mission : to publish small leaks , not just huge , splashy ones like the Afghan War Diary . Assange took issue . "  It is my role to be the lightning rod , " Assange said . "  That is a difficult role . On the other hand , I get undue credit . " Assange 's mother told the Herald Sun that she feared her son had become "  too smart for himself . " "  I 'm concerned it 's gotten too big and the forces that he 's challenging are too big , " she said . CNN 's Moni Basu , Mia Aquino , Atika Shubert , Ashley Fantz , Paul Armstrong , Nick Thompson , and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	"  He always stood up for the underdog , " Assange 's stepfather says Assange 's mother said she was concerned he had become "  too smart for himself " The U.S. State Department recently slammed WikiLeak 's "  pattern of irresponsible , " dangerous actions Assange : "  It is my role to be the lightning rod "
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- NATO members meeting this week in Wales are expected to create "  a very high-readiness force " to deal with Russian aggression in Ukraine and other international conflicts , NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said Monday . In a speech on the NATO website , Rasmussen said the fighting force will be part of an overall Readiness Action Plan that "  responds to Russia 's aggressive behavior -- but it equips the alliance to respond to all security challenges , wherever they may arise . " He said this "  spearhead " force would be able to "  travel light , but strike hard if needed . " NATO will look at possible upgrades to infrastructure that could include airfields and ports , he said . The White House supports the idea of a rapid response team for NATO , but National Security Spokesman Caitlin Hayden cautioned that the force would be "  defensive " in posture . The new force is "  not intended as a provocation , or as a threat to Russia , but rather as a demonstration of NATO 's continued commitment to our collective defense , " Hayden said . New bases will be set up and equipment pre-positioned at bases , a NATO diplomatic source said . "  We are also facing crises to the southeast and south , " said a senior NATO official . The plan "  needs to be able to deal with all crises that we might be facing in the future from wherever they might come . " Rasmussen said President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine will attend the summit and NATO will "  make clear our support for Ukraine . " On the ground , Ukrainian forces appear to be outgunned by Russian rebels . "  We have seen as recently as Saturday , that the Ukrainian army is very , very unarmed compared to the rebels , " said Michael Bociurkiw , a spokesman for the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which is monitoring the situation in Eastern Ukraine . On Monday , U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron told Parliament that the presence of Russian soldiers on Ukraine soil is completely unjustified and unacceptable . "  Russia appears to be trying to force to Ukraine to abandon its democratic choices through the barrel of a gun , " he said . Cameron said new sanctions measures will be drawn up by the EU within a week . Ukraine airfield attack reported A Russian army tank attacked airfields in eastern Ukraine on Monday , Ukrainian military officials said , amid worsening tensions between Kiev and Moscow . A battle is under way at the airport of the eastern city of Luhansk , Ukrainian counter terrorism officials said . "  There is a very , very bad situation developing in Luansk , " Bociurkiw said . "  Ukrainian officials are warning of a humanitarian catastrophe due to the lack of water and electricity . " Shortly before the attack , Russia urged the Ukrainian military to retreat from civilian locations in the east , saying pro-Moscow separatists in the region will not disarm for fear of getting killed . The same day , Ukraine said one of its patrol boats was capsized and two of its crew are missing off the coast of the city of Mariupol . Officials did not say who was behind the attack . Poroshenko has said thousands of Russian troops are in his nation 's east , helping the separatists . Though Russia has denied sending its troops to Ukraine , it defended the rebels ' action in the east . "  Washington and Brussels need to ask Kiev authorities to stop shelling the houses , schools , hospitals and so on because you leave militia with no choice but to stand up to protect their people , " Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said . Lavrov : ` Let us sit down and talk ' "  Let 's not ask militia to lay down their weapons and allow themselves to be killed . " Lavrov said negotiations , not threats , will help resolve the crisis between the two neighbors . "  Let us sit down and talk instead of threatening with sanctions and stubbornly making absolutely unrealistic demands of the militia laying down arms , " he said . "  This is what the peace plan of Poroshenko is about . " Russian President Vladimir Putin sparked controversy when he talked about "  statehood " for eastern Ukraine . "  Substantive meaningful talks related to the issues of society 's political organization and statehood in southeastern Ukraine should start immediately in order to protect people living there , " Putin said Sunday . The Kremlin later denied that Putin was calling for statehood in the region , saying he was referring to inclusive talks with all sides represented . Russia annexed Ukraine 's Crimean Peninsula in March following the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych the previous month . Violence broke out in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions in April when separatist leaders declared independence from the government in Kiev . Since then , the conflict between the pro-Russia rebels and the Ukrainian military has killed 2,500 people , according to the United Nations . U.S. lawmaker visits Ukraine A U.S. lawmaker called for the arming of Ukrainian forces along the eastern border . Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , is in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev . He said the conflict in eastern Ukraine is not a rebel uprising , but a Russian invasion . "  We should be providing the Ukrainians with the type of defensive weapons that will impose a cost upon Putin for further aggression , " said Menendez , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . In the past , U.S. President Barack Obama has opposed supplying Ukraine with weapons . . Poroshenko warned that his nation 's crisis with Russia has worsened , and is inching closer to a "  full-scale war . " The European Union has demanded Moscow withdraw its troops or face additional sanctions . European Council President Herman Van Rompuy said new sanctions are in the works for Russia . Proposals will be ready for consideration in a week , he said over the weekend . CNN 's Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev , Jim Acosta reported from Washington and Faith Karimi wrote and reported in Atlanta .	NEW : New NATO unit not a threat to Russia , White House says NATO Leader : New unit will "  travel light , but strike hard if needed Moscow asks Ukrainian military to retreat from civilian locations Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov calls for talks , not threats of sanctions
Katherine Dvorak is a writer for the Daily Collegian , the leading news source for Pennsylvania State University . This article was brought to CNN.com by UWIRE , the leading provider of student-generated content . UWIRE aims to identify and promote the brightest young content creators and deliver their work to a larger audience via professional media partners such as CNN.com . Visit UWIRE.com to learn more . UWIRE  -- A Web site developed this year that allows students to share old exams online is causing debate among professors about its ethical implications . PostYourTest.com creator Demir Oral says the site is a tool for education , not for cheating . PostYourTest.com is an educational tool that lets students anonymously upload materials and tests from their previous and current classes , said Demir Oral , creator of the site . However , there are teachers who do not want their tests to be posted for every student to see . "  I would not be happy if a student who had taken a class of mine had taken an exam and posted it online , " Sarah Hall , graduate professor of psychology at Penn State University , said . "  I know that some teachers reuse past exams and it would be hard to have to write a new test for every class . " However , Mary Bojan , professor of chemistry at PSU , said she would n't mind if students posted her tests online . "  For my classes I always write new exams every time , and I would n't object because I have some old exams up online that I 've posted myself , " Bojan said . Currently , there are no tests online for Penn State University , because the site was developed on the West Coast , Oral said . "  Primarily the main audience is San Diego , but that 's because I 've only advertised around there , " Oral said . He said he is looking into expanding the site more to include universities and colleges across the country . "  Also , although I am still focused on the United States , in the future I would like to go global , " Oral said . "  I think it would be really effective worldwide . " While studying for an exam in the HUB-Robeson Center , Christal Cozier  senior-nutrition  said she would consider using the site . "  I think looking at an old exam helps -- it at least gives the student an idea of how the teacher poses questions , " Cozier said . While she said she would n't go through the trouble of posting a test herself , Cozier said she did n't think students posting old tests online would be a problem . "  Most teachers give out practice exams and old exams anyway , " she said . "  The only time I would think it would be a problem is if the teacher uses exams more than once . " In response to criticism of the site from professors , Oral said he wants people to know the site is a tool for education and not a tool for cheating . He added teachers can ban their exams from the site if they do n't want students sharing them online . "  The first professor that banned his exams said he wanted to ban them because he was copyrighting them and publishing them in a book , and that made total sense to me , " Oral said . Even with the option to ban tests , Tara Chismar said professors may not know the site exists and may not know to ban their exams from it . She said the site might be OK only if students get permission from their teachers to post exams online . Bojan said the biggest problem she saw with students posting material online would be putting up tests the teachers wanted handed back in . "  Common sense needs to come into play with something like this because there 's a student responsibility side to it , " she said . "  Having access to an exam you 're not supposed to is cheating . " Students should n't have to rely on old tests online to prepare for an exam from a new teacher , Hall said . "  There are likely a lot of professors who would be happy to give students more of a sense of what the exam is going to be like -- maybe giving them sample questions , " she said . Bojan warned students should use materials posted online wisely because looking at an exam may not always be the best way to study . "  One problem is old tests may not be the most effective study tool , " she said . "  By just going off of old exams students are n't learning how to actually do the problems . "	PostYourTest.com was developed this year , has mostly California tests Site is causing debate among professors about its ethical implications Teachers can ban exams from the site if they do n't want students sharing Looking at an exam may not always be the best way to study , professor warns
CNN  -- For a while there , Kathy Amaya thought her long-lost son was gone forever . He was 2 years old when her estranged husband took the boy to San Luis Potosi , Mexico , to visit grandparents . That was 35 years ago , and that was the last time Amaya , now 60 , saw her son . Then , the U.S. Border Patrol called her this month and said a man who spoke only Spanish was claiming to be a U.S. citizen -- and that she was his mother . At long last , the day that Amaya thought would never come finally arrived . "  We did n't talk over the phone , but I heard him " in the background during the call with the Border Patrol , Amaya said . "  He was right there . I was asking his birth date and what town he is from because I wanted to know if it was the same . " Through a Border Patrol agent in California , the man answered the questions correctly . He was her son . Moreover , the Border Patrol agent earlier had researched the man 's birth certificate and used that document to track down Amaya in Wisconsin : "  All he told me was , ` You 're really hard to track down , you know that ? ' " she said of the agent 's phone call . Hearing her son 's voice for the first time in 35 years -- though it was in the background -- was "  very emotional , " Amaya said . "  After I got off the phone with the Border Patrol , I just sat down and cried for hours , " Amaya said Wednesday . Amaya had spent years searching for her son on the Internet and on Facebook . But now she knows why she could n't find him : He was using her maiden name as part of his full name , David Amaya Barrick . "  It never dawned on me that he was using my maiden name , " Amaya said . Her son , who 's now staying in the care of a San Diego church , could n't be reached for comment Wednesday . Amaya said she is planning to travel from her Wisconsin home to San Diego to see her son in person on November 24 . The Border Patrol described the tale as "  an unusual human story based on good investigative work and genuine compassion , " the agency said in a statement . Agents encountered the son in a canyon near Imperial Beach , California , and determined that he had crossed the border illegally with several other persons . They were all arrested , the Border Patrol said . The son first said he was a Mexican citizen , but then claimed to be a U.S. citizen taken to Mexico by his father 35 years ago at age 2 , the patrol said . While traveling north through Mexico , bandits took David Amaya 's cell phone and money , the Border Patrol said . In checking his claim of being a U.S. citizen , agents called the Cook County vital records office in Chicago and received a fax of the birth certificate , the Border Patrol said . After researching several sources , agents found the mother on November 1 . "  Too often our Border Patrol Agents deal with the darker aspects of border security -- violence , drugs , and smuggling , " Imperial Beach Border Patrol Agent-in-charge Gregory Bovino said in a statement . "  But David 's case was a welcome respite for all involved . It was truly inspirational to witness David talking with his mother for the first time . " The Border Patrol station is now raising funds for the son 's trip back home . The separation of mother and son began when the estranged husband took the boy from the care of his mother 's sister on what seemed like a routine outing , Amaya said . The family was living in Chicago near Midway Airport , and when the boy was n't returned home promptly , the estranged husband told Amaya that he had taken the boy to Mexico for a month-long visit . But the month became a year , and a year became decades . "  I was very upset . I begged him to bring him back , " she said of her estranged husband , whom she eventually divorced in 1986 . The grandparents raised the boy because the father returned to Chicago and saw his son only a few times in the 35 years , Amaya said . She went to police , but because the couple did n't settle on custody during the divorce , the police could n't help her , she said . "  Neither one of us had custody , " she said . Years passed . "  I was very emotional for a while . I was upset and angry , " she said . Amaya went on to have four other children -- three boys and a girl -- and moved to Rice Lake , Wisconsin , in 1986 . She moved to Chippewa Falls , Wisconsin , in 1999 , where she lives now with two of her children , both in their 20s . Now that she knows her son 's whereabouts , they have been exchanging chat messages on Facebook , with a San Diego church pastor helping translate David Amaya 's messages into English and then translating the mother 's responses into Spanish , the mother said . "  David told me he was looking for me for a long time , and he could n't find me , " Kathy Amaya said . The last time she saw her son , he spoke only a few words in English . "  He was n't speaking a whole lot back then . Just some words here and there . It was like ` mom ' and ` dad ' and ` play ' and stuff like that , " the mother said . She found additional confirmation that the man was her son when she saw that her ex-husband is among her son 's friends on Facebook . She and her ex-husband have not spoken to each other in many years , she said . And she has no plans to ever speak to him again . When she saw a photo of her son for the first time in 35 years on his Facebook page , she said : "  Well , the first thing I thought of was he kind of resembled me a little bit , and he kind of resembles one of his brothers . " Her son holds no hard feelings about any unsuccessful family searches for him . "  I told him I was looking for him , and he told me that he was looking for me , and I told him I was sorry that I missed a lot in his life , and he told me we have a future to catch up , " Kathy Amaya said . Somehow , they will find a way past the language barrier once they see each other face to face for the first time in 35 years later this month . She does n't know much about her son other than he played drums in a band in Mexico , even going on tour there . He wants a career in music . Kathy Amaya , who works as an assistant housekeeper at a hotel , will bring her fiance with her on the flight to California this month . When she flies to San Diego , it will mark another first in her life : She 's never flown . "  I 'm 60 , and I 've never been on a plane , " she said . "  I 'm very old school . " Her son will then fly back with her to Wisconsin on November 26 , reunited at last . Colorado dad fights , and waits , for daughters taken by mom to Argentina CNN 's Casey Wian contributed from San Diego .	David Amaya was taken to Mexico at age 2 by his estranged father His mother , Kathy , searched for her son for 35 years , thinking he was lost forever But last month , the Border Patrol arrested David Amaya illegally entering United States As it turns out , he is really a U.S. citizen , and agents finds his mother in Wisconsin
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Young women in bright miniskirts and high heels line up to sell themselves in the dingy back streets throughout the Russian capital . Moscow 's illegal flesh markets are flourishing , with up to 30 women at each pickup point , or tochka , standing in order of price for the night . Russian police acknowledge that human trafficking for sexual exploitation is a major problem . Customers light up the lines with their car headlights and are asked to pay between $ 100 and $ 700 for a woman . Aid workers for groups fighting for women 's rights say Moscow is witnessing a surge in prostitution , including forced prostitution , as a result of Russia 's booming economy . They say thousands of young women are made to work as sex slaves on the city 's streets , unable to escape from the ruthless and violent criminal gangs who traffic them . Watch Moscow 's thriving sex trade " "  It 's because of the economic boom they are brought here , " said Afsona Kadyrova of the Angel Coalition aid agency , which rehabilitates trafficked women and children . "  The fast pace of development in Moscow has fueled demand for a range of cheap workers , including prostitutes . " To investigate the thriving trade , CNN went undercover posing as potential customers and gained access to speak directly to the prostitutes and their pimps . "  Take your pick from any of the girls , " the female organizer said at one location , lines of women all around . "  The expensive ones are on the right , for $ 600 and $ 700 a night . The women on the left are $ 100 . " Aid agencies say many of the women working here are tricked into coming to Moscow on the promise of an education or a good job . They say others are simply kidnapped from their hometowns and forced to work as prostitutes in Moscow . Watch one woman describe how her uncle duped her into prostitution " Russian police acknowledge that human trafficking for sexual exploitation is a major problem , saying they do what they can to fight it by raiding brothels suspected of forced prostitution and arresting gang members who run them . But the problem , they say , lies elsewhere . "  First of all , we have virtually open borders , and badly controlled migration flows from nearby countries , " said Alexander Krasnov of Russia 's Interior Ministry Police . "  Secondly , we still do n't have a basic law that defines victims ' rights . At the moment , it 's mostly aid agencies that deal with it . " Aid agencies say they are handling a growing number of deeply traumatized victims rescued from brothels and pimps in the Moscow area . One U.N. organization , the International Organization for Migration , recently opened a treatment and rehabilitation center to cope with the large numbers of sexually exploited and trafficked women who come for help . At this center , Christine , a 27-year-old Nigerian woman , tells how she acquired a painful 4-inch scar across her right cheek . She says she was lured to Russia from Nigeria four years ago by her uncle . He promised to give her a college education , she says . But instead , she says , he sent her to a Moscow brothel . He told her "  the kind of job I 'm going to be doing is prostitution . " "  I ask him , ` Why prostitution ? Why not another job to pay the money ? ' He says I did n't speak the language . I can not do any other job . " She added , "  It made me feel very bad . I felt that I 'm not going to do it over my dead body . " But when she tried to run away , her uncle cut her face , says Christine , who asked that her last name not be used . "  He made me know that if I do n't cooperate with him , something bad will happen to me -- that if I made an attempt to run away , it would end in taking my life . So I was really scared about that , " she said . Aid workers say Russia has become a prime destination for trafficked women from Africa , the Far East and former Soviet states . There are no exact figures , but aid agencies estimate that thousands of trafficked women are on Moscow 's streets . "  Before , it was just a country of origin for Europe and the U.S. and elsewhere in the world , " Kadyrova said . "  But right now , we see that Russia has become a destination country also . " According to the group 's Web site , human traffickers "  prey on the dreams of impoverished women seeking employment and opportunities for the future . " Most women are young and single with little education ; some are orphans and college students ; others are married with children . "  All of them are lured by advertising images of a beautiful life beyond the borders of their homelands -- making them easy prey to the thousands of traffickers advertising in newspapers , on radio , television , in the metro and on the streets for wonderful work abroad with no experience necessary , " the group says . For millions , Russia 's new economic prosperity has been a blessing . But for those caught up in the sex trade , it 's a curse . Christine managed to escape after meeting a woman from a church who helped her . "  I was crying all the time , telling her , ' I do n't want this kind of job , ' " she said .	Aid groups say booming economy has fueled demand for prostitutes in Moscow Nigerian woman forced into prostitution says her uncle lured her to Moscow "  He made me know that if I do n't cooperate ... it would end in taking my life " Russian police admit human trafficking for sexual exploitation is a major problem
SPRING HILL , Tennessee  CNN  -- General Motors idled its Spring Hill , Tennessee , facility as part of its bankruptcy plan Monday , leaving hundreds of employees -- and thousands of residents who rely on the plant 's economic thrust -- in limbo . Johnny Miranda is trying to stay positive about the plant where he has worked for 16 years . Spring Hill , about 35 miles south of Nashville , is a town built on the jobs that the plant provides . The town has seen its population jump more than 1,600 percent in the almost 20 years since GM sent the first Saturn down the assembly line in June 1990 . "  I want to think positive , " said autoworker Johnny Miranda , who left a GM plant in Van Nuys , California , 16 years ago to work in Spring Hill . "  It could bring you down . It could really mess you up if you be thinking they 're going to close it and you 're going to lose your job . " The future is uncertain for the plant 's 3,000 employees . GM could shut down , phase out or sell the plant . Local media outlets report that the plant will end production toward the end of this year and that assembly of the Chevrolet Traverse will be moved to Lansing , Michigan . Watch Spring Hill residents share concerns " The Spring Hill facility ceased building Saturns more than two years ago as sales slumped . After a yearlong retooling , it started pushing out Chevy 's crossover sport utility vehicle instead . Saturn had originally billed itself as a "  different kind of car company , " and GM had hoped the business plan and fuel-efficient vehicles would allow it to snatch sales away from its Japanese rivals . Watch GM workers ponder future " GM made Saturn a separate division , built an innovative plant , embraced no-haggle buying , opted for plastic over metal for many of the vehicles ' parts and brokered an agreement with the United Auto Workers that fostered teamwork between the union and management . For years the company enjoyed a cult-like following . Self-confessed "  Saturnistas " attended "  homecomings " on the Spring Hill campus . Web sites and fan clubs popped up across the country . One of the sites , saturnfans.com , garnered thousands of signatures on its "  Save Saturn " petition in the months leading up to GM 's bankruptcy . Ultimately , GM 's aspiration to sell a half million of the cars a year did n't pan out . It sold only 8,000 Saturns in November 2008 and fewer than 200,000 for the entire year . Watch what drove GM to this point " But Saturn 's waning popularity was just one of a litany of problems facing the auto giant , which filed for bankruptcy and announced specifics of its restructuring Monday . In addition to shedding the Saturn brand , GM also plans to end its Pontiac , Saab and Hummer lines , as well . The company shut down a dozen facilities and put three , including the Spring Hill plant , on standby . It also will cut ties with about a third of its 6,000 U.S. dealerships . See which plants are closing " Visit Spring Hill and it 's tough to find anyone not affected by the plant 's suspension . Every resident appears to know at least one person whose job is on the line . "  My father-in-law works for GM . He 's worked for GM ever since the day he graduated college , " Will Barnes said at a T-ball game Sunday . See GM 's history " Barnes ' father-in-law is anxious , like thousands of GM employees , and has resorted to yardwork to calm his nerves , he said . "  He 's cut his yard five times this week because this is the level of uncertainty for him , and I hate to see him in that situation , " Barnes said . John Stansbury , 55 , told The Daily Herald in Columbia , Tennessee , he has been working for GM since he was 18 . His father spent 40 years with the automaker . Watch how the U.S. auto industry has risen , fallen " Because of the Spring Hill plant 's flexibility following its recent revamp and the competitive local labor agreement , Stansbury said he remains optimistic but uneasy . "  The mood of the whole plant is really unsure , " he told the newspaper . "  We are all tense . " iReport.com : What next for GM ? When the Spring Hill plant opened in 1990 , the town 's population was 1,464 , according to the Census Bureau . The latest count , from 2007 , is closer to 24,000 . In that time , numerous subdivisions have been constructed to accommodate the plant 's workers . Economic officials told The Daily Herald that at least 5,000 jobs are tied to the plant . That 's in addition to the restaurants , shops and other businesses that rely on autoworkers ' dollars . Watch how the bankruptcy will have a ripple effect " The Spring Hill plant also gives local governments more than $ 2 million in lieu of taxes , the newspaper reported . Though the fate of the plant remains contingent on market conditions , few are under the illusion that GM employees and Spring Hill residents will remain unscathed by changes to the city 's lifeline . "  It 's going to hurt , " Miranda , the autoworker , said . "  No question , it 'll hurt . " CNN 's Jim Kavanagh and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Spring Hill population jumped 1,600 percent since GM facility opened there Future uncertain for about 3,000 workers ; GM could close , sell or phase out plant Facility began building Chevy Traverse SUV instead of Saturn about two years ago Resident says anxious father-in-law mowed lawn five times last week
Irbil , Iraq  CNN  Iraqi forces are doubling down efforts to retake the city of Tikrit from ISIS , even uniting Sunni and Shiite fighters in the mission . The Iraqi army , along with Sunni and Shiite militiamen , attacked ISIS strongholds in the area Monday , the state-run Iraqiya TV reported . Iraqi warplanes and helicopters are also striking targets in and around Tikrit . It 's part of a wide-scale offensive ordered by Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Sunday . Tikrit fell to ISIS in June of 2014 , after the group 's capture of Iraq 's second-largest city , Mosul . Tikrit is best known to Westerners as the birthplace of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein . ISIS , the radical Sunni militant group , has been on a murderous campaign to establish a caliphate across swaths of Iraq and Syria . Iraqi forces approached Tikrit from several fronts , Iraqiya TV reported , engaging with ISIS north of the city at al-Alam and south of the city at al-Dour . The element of surprise probably was not a factor , as reports of Iraqi troops amassing near Tikrit were widely shared . What awaits the Iraqi army is most likely a long , hard slog and not a quick rout . Tikrit is a big city , and the army and its associated militias have had problems recapturing much smaller towns from ISIS . There have been several failed attempts to recapture Tikrit since the second half of 2014 . While Iraqi forces have gained some territory in the area , it has generally been under ISIS control for the last eight months or so . The joint Iraqi forces fighting to retake Tikrit include Iraqi troops , members of the Shia al-Hashed al-Shaabi militia , members of the Sunni Sons of Salahuddin brigades , and other Sunni tribal fighters . The offensive involves around 30,000 fighters in all . Al-Abadi , who is also commander in chief of the armed forces , said on Twitter that he will "  oversee the operation to liberate Tikrit " from ISIS . In short , this is the biggest test for an army trying to claw back territory that fell to ISIS last summer after a string of dramatic defeats . Last June , Tikrit was the scene of the bloodiest massacre ever perpetrated by ISIS militants . They captured more than a thousand Iraqi soldiers , who laid down their arms and donned civilian clothing in an attempt to flee a base once used by U.S. forces . ISIS subsequently executed as many as 1,700 soldiers , and posted the video of the killing online . There is concern that Iraqi forces , eager for revenge , may kill combatants and civilians alike . The U.N. 's envoy to Iraq , Nickolay Mladenov , urged all armed forces in Tikrit to do their utmost to spare civilians . U.S. and other coalition troops have been conducting a crash course to retrain and upgrade the Iraqi army , and several thousand Iraqi troops have passed through the course . This offensive will tell whether that training has made a difference . The offensive also highlights the role played by neighboring Iran in the fight against ISIS . The semiofficial Iranian FARS news agency reports that Qassim Sulaimani , the commander of the elite Iranian Al-Quds Brigade , is helping oversee the operation to retake Tikrit . Iran has provided advisers , weapons and ammunition to the Iraqi government . If the offensive succeeds , it means that retaking Mosul , a city 10 times bigger , is possible . But Tikrit is almost 200 kilometers  124 miles  south of Mosul , and much of the territory in between is under ISIS control . Al-Abadi has said the immediate goal is to liberate Salah ad-Din province , of which Tikrit is the capital , and then focus on adjacent Al-Anbar province , a similarly Sunni-dominated province . After that , retaking Mosul is an option . If , however , the Tikrit offensive fails , it could spell disaster for Baghdad . There will be political recriminations , the already fragile morale of the Iraqi army could collapse , the Kurdish autonomous region could decide to break from Iraq , and it would provide ISIS with a victory it has n't seen since last summer . Ben Wedeman reported from Irbil , and Mariano Castillo reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Holly Yan , Kareem Khadder , Hamdi Alkhshali and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Iraq stages an offensive against ISIS in Tikrit ISIS has generally controlled Tikrit since 2014
CNN  -- In an age when Russian oligarchs and Arab Sheikhs spend billions of dollars on forging the perfect dream team , fan ownership has become a novelty for many of Europe 's top soccer clubs . But it is a route that might just be the salvation of struggling Spanish team Real Oviedo , thanks to a social media campaign that has gone viral . Once a top-flight contender with La Liga heavyweights Real Madrid and Barcelona , the 86-year-old club -- based in the northern mining region of Asturias -- has until Saturday to raise $ 1.9 million  $ 2.4 million  or face extinction . So far Oviedo has received over $ 1 million in a period of just nine days -- with $ 274,000 coming from those who heard about it via Twitter , according to board member Juan Ramon . There is a Twitter hashtag set up -- #saverealoviedo . The football community is also doing its part to save the third division club , whose "  cantera " youth academy -- or quarry -- is responsible for unearthing some of the gems of Spanish football . Names such as World Cup winner Juan Mata , Arsenal 's little magician Santi Cazorla and Swansea 's star striker Michu are all graduates . The English Premier League stars have joined forces to help save their former club , while Real Madrid legend Raul has bought $ 1,000 worth shares to keep Oviedo in business . Real Oviedo and Sporting de Gijon are the two major clubs in Asturias , once the heartland of Spanish coal mining and one of the country 's most prosperous regions . But its coal industry has receded and the European debt crisis has engulfed Spain . Substantial investment has been hard to find as the Spanish government grapples with harsh austerity measures and chronic unemployment . In a desperate attempt to salvage the club and guarantee its future in the short term , the board of directors announced a share issue earlier this month to attract investment . The scheme -- open to anyone with a spare $ 11  $ 13  -- has become an instant Twitter sensation , and football fans around the world have been quick to show their support by purchasing shares . However , Spanish football expert and long-time Real Oviedo supporter Sid Lowe says he is unsure whether the social-network campaign will be enough to save the club before the looming deadline . Lowe -- who has worked tirelessly to raise awareness of Oviedo 's plight among football fans -- told CNN the worldwide response from supporters is "  absolutely astonishing . " Last week , queues formed outside the club 's 30,000-seater stadium , the Estadio Carlos Tartiere , as fans clamored to buy a stake in their beloved club . "  The financial target is quite modest in football terms ... but serious investment for the club is very hard to find , particularly in a place like Asturias , " Lowe said . ' A perfect storm ' After 13 consecutive seasons in La Liga , Oviedo dropped to the second division in 2001 . The real turmoil began in 2003 , when mismanagement from the club 's directors bought the Asturian team to the brink of bankruptcy . The boardroom turned into a political battlefield as relationships soured , aggravated by a series of poor performances on the field , according to Real Oviedo shareholder Rodolfo Diaz . Diaz -- an Oviedo supporter since the 1970s and a season ticket-holder for over 20 years -- has stuck with the club through good times and bad . He told CNN that 2003 was like a "  perfect storm " for Oviedo . "  In modern times , Real Oviedo has been a victim of greed and businessmen who wanted to make profits quickly , " he said . Today , Diaz is pleased to see that control of the club is back in the hands of the supporters and that football fans globally are buoying the club through charitable donations . "  As a linguist , football is that universal language that we all speak and we all understand . It allows us to bond , " he said . "  This bad situation has generated a very positive spirit through Twitter . " Club ownership Real Oviedo is not the only Spanish club to embrace shareholder power . Barcelona -- touted as the best football team in the world -- is governed by a group of fans called the "  socis . " In return for an annual fee of $ 140 , members are tasked with electing the club president and voting on matters affecting the side . In Germany , it is a requirement for clubs in the league -- known as the Bundesliga -- to be 51 % owned by supporters or members to ensure they 're managed responsibly . Ramon believes an influx of shareholder fans provides a "  great opportunity " and can create a more financially stable and healthy environment for football teams . "  Across Europe , a movement is developing that aims to promote the influence of fans at football clubs , " he told CNN . On November 7 , Supporters Direct Europe , the association of European football fans , presented a list of recommendations to the European Parliament in Brussels , including greater involvement for supporters in their clubs and financial fair play . "  The social role of football is of great importance , " said Ivo Belet , a member of European Parliament involved with the movement . "  This is the reason supporters should have a say in the management of their clubs . " Uncertain future for Oviedo Although the future of Real Oviedo remains far from certain , Diaz says he would expect nothing less of the club he has followed since he was a boy . "  It is quite a poetic situation -- a club on the verge of extinction -- and I think in the last minutes everything will be solved . In injury time , we will come out fighting and gain victory . " Diaz thinks Real Oviedo will play until the end of this season , even if the club does not meet its November 17 deadline -- when the team faces a tough trip away to the reserve side of second-placed La Liga club Atletico Madrid . "  It 's the same of story for the fans , we will suffer to the very end . "	Real Oviedo 's story has become an instant Twitter sensation as football fans snap up shares Now in the third tier , Real Oviedo developed players like Juan Mata , Santi Cazorla and Michu Club received over $ 1 million in just nine days , with $ 274,000 of that from people from Twitter
CNN  It could be billed as the billionaires ' derby . A clash between Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday signals the business end in this season 's Europe 's money-spinning Champions League competition has landed . Chelsea , a comfortable leader in the English Premier League , faces off against Paris Saint-Germain , which is in contention for a third successive league crown in France . Among its many intriguing plot lines is a battle between two of football 's biggest egos : Chelsea 's irascible , but eminently quotable , manager Jose Mourinho , and PSG striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic , a walking well of self confidence . It also sees the London club 's Russian owner Roman Abramovich put his expensively assembled side up against an equally star-studded Parisian outfit , which is owned by Qatar Sports Investments . Throw in a chance for PSG to avenge its elimination from last year 's competition at the quarterfinal stage , and David Luiz meeting the side that sold him to the Paris club for a reported fee of $ 76 million in May , and it has all the makings of a classic . Who has the biggest ego out of Mourinho and Ibrahimovic ? How long have you got ? These two possess such magnetic personalities a simple televised conversation between them on CNN would probably attract an audience of millions . Of course , Mourinho is the man who arrived for his first spell at Chelsea after having guided Porto to the Champions League title and promptly informed the British press that he was "  a special one . " A litany of trophies has followed in his subsequent stints at Italian club Inter Milan -- a haul that included another Champions League title -- and Spanish giants Real Madrid , but also a long charge sheet of controversy . As well as a series of spats with fellow managers , Mourinho famously poked then Barcelona assistant manager Tito Vilanova in the eye after a touchline melee -- this a few seasons after he charged onto the Camp Nou pitch to celebrate Inter 's victory over Barca in a Champions League semifinal . Ibrahimovic is as good a match as any for Mourinho 's ego in the game of soccer . Richly talented , and as enigmatic as they come , the Swede recently suggested a statue of him could replace the Eiffel Tower . His recent autobiography ' I Am Zlatan ' was utterly self-aggrandizing and all the more entertaining for it , filled with hubris along the same lines as his response when asked what gift he would get his girlfriend for her birthday . "  Nothing , " he replied . "  She already has Zlatan . " He has played for a selection of the world 's biggest clubs -- Juventus , Barcelona , Inter Milan , as well as AC Milan , and now PSG -- scoring spectacular goals wherever he has been . The Portuguese managed Ibrahimovic for just one solitary season when they were at Inter together , the latter saying in his book : "  Mourinho would become a guy I was basically willing to die for . " At the end of the 2008/09 season , Inter having won Serie A for the third straight season and Ibrahimovic finishing as the league 's top scorer with 25 goals , the Swede left for Barcelona in search of a Champions League crown . But it was Mourinho and Inter who won it the following season . Now the pair go head-to-head ; Ibrahimovic is yet to win Europe 's top club prize , Mourinho is gunning for his third . How rich are the clubs ' respective owners ? Mega-rich . Abramovich made his money from the controversial privatization of the Russian oil fields and is currently worth an estimated $ 9 billion , according to Forbes . After purchasing the club in 2003 Abramovich transformed them from also-ran into a major force with a series of lavish spending sprees on players , outlaying nearly $ 3bn in his first 10 years . Notoriously reticent , the 48-year-old has never offered any public statement or fluff piece on the club 's website to explain any of his decisions , one of which was to hand Mourinho a huge payoff at the end of his first stint at the club . Though the Portuguese delivered a first English league title in over 50 years during his first season at the helm , it was the Champions League crown that Abramovich desperately craved . After running through a series of high-profile managers since , Chelsea 's first ever European Cup was actually delivered by a caretaker manager and former player -- Roberto Di Matteo , who took over after Andre Villas-Boas was sacked after just nine months at the helm . Even after delivering the ultimate prize , Di Matteo himself lasted just three months the following season before he was dismissed by the Russian . Recently , Abramovich has curtailed his extravagant spending to ensure Chelsea complies with Financial Fair Play  FFP  , a directive from European football 's governing body that insists all clubs must live within its means . Chelsea have recouped around $ 215 million in recent seasons through player sales , a large chunk of which came through the sale of Luiz to PSG , and recorded a profit for the second successive year to the end of June 2014 . Abramovich has n't put the brakes on his own spending though , his $ 1bn super yacht a reminder of his vast personal wealth . There are many similarities between Abramovich and PSG 's owners -- Qatar Sports Investments  QSI  . It has vast reserves -- an estimated $ 200 billion -- and also craves a Champions League crown . It is being forced to curtail spending after being hit with a fine by UEFA for failing to meet the criteria set out by FFP . After QIS purchased 70 % of the club in June 2011 , and became the sole shareholder the following year , PSG was transformed into one of the world 's richest clubs overnight . Like Abramovich , it invested heavily in the playing squad -- purchasing the likes of Javier Pastore and Ibrahimovic -- and was rewarded in 2013 with PSG 's first league title for 19 years . Despite defending its French crown last season , success on the European scene continues to elude it . It has been knocked out at the last eight stage in the last two seasons , by Barcelona in 2012/13 and by Chelsea in 2013/14 . Coach Laurent Blanc is presiding over an injury crisis at present but the tie with Chelsea could be the deciding factor as to whether he continues in his job beyond the end of the season . Who will be the key protagonists ? Leaving aside the wealth of attacking options on display , there is one man who is certain to attract plenty of attention -- David Luiz . The Brazilian defender spent three years with Chelsea , and was part of the squad that won the Champions League in 2012 , but turned down a new contract to join PSG for a fee of around $ 76 million . His defensive prowess was the focus of much attention in the Premier League , one pundit saying Luiz operated on the field as if he was being controlled by "  a 10-year-old on a PlayStation . " Prone to abandoning his defensive station and pouring forward when deployed at the back , Mourinho moved the 27-year-old into midfield for the majority of last season . This two-legged tie could go either way for the Brazilian : either Luiz proves his former club made a mistake in letting him go with a barnstorming performance , or those trademark lapses in concentration will confirm the belief that Chelsea pulled off an outstanding piece of business . Luiz will be tasked with shackling Diego Costa , Chelsea 's new striker who has taken to the Premier League like a duck to water , scoring 17 goals already to help the Londoners carve out a seven-point lead over Manchester City . Cesc Fabregas is the man who supplies most of Costa 's goals after joining from Barcelona in June , while Mourinho has stiffened Chelsea 's resolve in defense , veteran skipper John Terry key to its parsimonious nature . As for PSG , after two years of outright dominance in France , it is stuttering this season . Even before a crippling injury crisis recently took hold , it had been criticized for under performing and currently sits third in the table , behind Marseille and Lyon . Sunday 's draw with Caen was a case in point . Leading 2-0 at halftime it lost four players to injury and having run out of substitutes , its nine men could n't prevent slumping to a 2-2 draw . Ibrahimovic is still its talisman , and his striker partner Ezequiel Lavezzi will also be important in the absence of so many players . It is hoped Blaise Matuidi will recover in time to feature against Chelsea , while Marco Veratti will have to take on extra responsibility given its depleted ranks . What happened last time they met ? Quite simply , PSG should have won . It secured a 3-1 lead in the first leg at the Parc des Princes after goals from Pastore and Lavezzi were added to a by a Luiz own goal . Chelsea took the lead in the return leg through Andre Schurrle -- recently sold to German club Wolfsburg -- but were struggling to conjure any chances as the game entered its final moments . But substitute Demba Ba popped up to bundle the ball home in the 87th minute to spark wild scenes of celebration at Stamford Bridge and send Mourinho sprinting down the touchline to pass on some tactical instructions in the aftermath . Chelsea would fall at the next stage , beaten 3-1 on aggregate by Spanish champions Atletico Madrid , which succumbed to city rivals Real in the final . This is Mourinho 's fifth attempt at securing the Champions League crown for Chelsea , but will he succeed this year ?	Chelsea meets Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League last 16 on Tuesday Battle of the egos between Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho and PSG striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic Chelsea are seven points clear in the English Premier League while PSG currently sit third in France Both have wealthy backers in Roman Abramovich  Chelsea  and Qatar Sports Investments
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- SeaWorld employees on Tuesday testified at a federal job safety hearing that , while the behavior of killer whales is is extremely predictable , the job of working with a 6-ton marine mammal carries a calculated risk . The hearing , before the Occupational Safety and Health Administration 's Review Commission , resumed Monday after a two-month hiatus . It was convened to look into the death of SeaWorld Orlando trainer Dawn Brancheau , 40 , in February 2010 . OSHA attorneys called three witness -- all from SeaWorld San Diego , including the California park 's vice president . SeaWorld strongly objected to the California employees being called as witnesses in a case involving only the Florida theme park . The administrative judge allowed the questioning to go forward , but reiterated his final ruling would only concern the SeaWorld Orlando 's operations . SeaWorld employees testified that trainers of killer whales are taught to recognize "  precursors " -- odd behaviors that could lead to aggression . OSHA attorneys reviewed multiple SeaWorld incident reports in which trainers missed aggressive behaviors . Tuesday , while testifying about a 1999 incident involving SeaWorld San Diego killer whale Kasatka , trainer Ken Peters testified how the female killer whale grabbed his foot and pulled him underwater . "  Yes , she could have drowned me " if she wanted to , Peters said . Peters acknowledged the dangers of his job . "  Yes -- it 's a calculated risk of dying tomorrow , " but trainers can predict killer whale behaviors 99.9 % of the time , he said . OSHA says training alone is not enough to keep trainers safe . After a lengthy investigation , OSHA cited SeaWorld of Florida , Inc. , in August 2010 for willfully endangering employees by not taking proper safety precautions . The citation said the park allowed its employees to work with Tilikum , a 12,000-pound animal with "  known aggressive tendencies " who had previously been involved in the 1991 death of a trainer at a marine park in Vancouver , British Columbia . OSHA said the SeaWorld Orlando did not provide barriers , decking , oxygen supply systems or other types of protection for the trainers . In the case of Brancheau 's death , the trainer was sitting on the Shamu Stadium 's pool edge during a private show when Tilikum pulled her into the water , drowning her . Since Brancheau 's death , SeaWorld has forbidden trainers from entering the water with killer whales . Trainers are required to sign a document in the standard operating procedure manual that acknowledges the calculated risk -- government attorney John Black called the document , "  a release waiver . " Michael Scarauzzi , SeaWorld San Diego 's Vice President of Zoological Operations , was deemed a hostile witness by the judge for giving brief and evasive answers , and OSHA 's attorneys were allowed to ask more leading questions . OSHA is expecting to wrap its case on Wednesday . It is unclear how many witnesses SeaWorld will call . The hearing is schedule to conclude Friday . After court was adjourned , Dawn Brancheau 's family issued a statement through their attorney , saying their "  interest in the case is the safety of the current and future SeaWorld employees and their hope  that  no other family will have to suffer like we have had to , " said attorney John Mills . The family has acknowledged that SeaWorld surveillance video showing the trainer 's death might be shown during the trial , but they hope it will not be released to the public .	Employees testify in OSHA hearing into the death of a killer whale 's trainer They testified that trainers are taught to recognize signs of aggression OSHA has cited SeaWorld for not having adequate safety precautions In 2010 , Dawn Brancheau was pulled underwater by a killer whale and drowned
CNN  Ten students at Connecticut 's Wesleyan University and two visitors were hospitalized Sunday from "  complications " arising from the use of the drug Molly or alcohol . The Middletown Police Department reported that 11 were hospitalized because of Molly and one because of alcohol . Four people remained in the hospital Monday , including two in critical condition , according to police . University President Michael S. Roth described Molly as a refined form of MDMA with "  extremely dangerous " effects . MDMA is the active ingredient in the drug Ecstasy . But according to the Drug Enforcement Administration , most often Molly is not MDMA , but a toxic mixture of lab-created chemicals . 9 things everyone should know about the drug Molly "  I ask all students : Please , please stay away from illegal substances the use of which can put you in extreme danger , " Roth wrote in a letter to the community . "  One mistake can change your life forever . " The chemicals in Molly are made to mimic the effects of MDMA ; most of them are central nervous system stimulants that cause euphoric highs . They can also cause a rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , blood vessel constriction and sweating , and can prevent the body from regulating temperature . Some of the chemicals have been reported to cause intense , prolonged panic attacks , psychosis and seizures . "  I just do n't really know how to feel right now . It 's very shocking , " Wesleyan student Lisa Shepard told CNN affiliate WFSB . "  It 's to be expected from a college environment , but it is disappointing to know that people are exposed to these kind of dangerous drugs . " According to the affiliate , police were interviewing people at a coed group house at the university . Some students told WFSB that the drugs were allegedly taken at a party at that location . CNN 's Jean Casarez , Drew Griffin . Nelli Black and Patricia DiCarlo contributed to this report .	11 people are hospitalized for effects from Molly , and another for alcohol-related illness Molly is a synthetic drug with dangerous effects
The conflict between humans and critically endangered Sumatran elephants in Indonesia has been going on for decades , with the elephants on the losing end of the battle . The villagers and farmers do n't kill them for food . They do it to keep their homes and crops safe . The grim result is the killing combined with shrinking elephant habitat contributes to an 80 % population loss since the 1930s , according to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species . In Riau Province alone , where the highest number of elephants on the island was recorded in the 1980s , the population decreased from 1,342 in 1984 to 201 in 2007 . The major contributor to this conflict is the fight over land . Elephant habitat is lowland , non-mountainous , relatively flat landscape below an altitude of 300 meters . That kind of land also makes great farmland , which is why humans have cut down the rainforest and planted crops . Individual small farms may not seem like a big encroachment onto elephant habitat , but when that 's combined with the forest loss from large companies cutting down hundreds of hectares of forest for palm oil and pulp and paper plantations , it results in the elephants running out of land . Read more : The devastation of Indonesia 's forests Even though Sumatran elephants are relatively small compared to their African bush cousins , elephants are still the earth 's largest land mammal . With a weight of up to 4,000 kg or 8,820 pounds and a height of up to 3.2 meters or 10 feet and 6 inches , these elephants are n't small and they need a lot of land to roam . Even forest blocks of 250 km are too small for a viable elephant population . That means , as the elephant habitat is whittled away , the elephants will inevitably intrude onto villages and farms looking for food . One of their favorite foods is heart of palm , the same heart of palm we eat , which can be found in the center core of an oil palm tree . To get to it , an elephant has to knock the tree down , killing a farmer 's valuable crop . Oil palm is one of the most lucrative crops Sumatran farmers can grow . Even one elephant can be a destructive force , knocking down trees and trampling houses in minutes . A 3.2 meter tall , 4,000 kilo animal can be intimidating for any human , no matter how well armed . To make it even scarier , the animals usually look for food at night . A villager or farmer will do anything to stop the elephant from its path of destruction . The most common way of killing the elephants in these areas of Sumatra is poisoning . Villagers and farmers will poison a bit of food and leave it for the elephant . It eliminates a direct confrontation . The local population does n't want to kill the elephants . They feel as if they have no choice . In fact , some of the locals say they take pride in the Sumatran elephant and consider it part of their national identity . No villager or farmer thinks that killing one elephant threatening his home will wipe out the entire population . Unfortunately , the sad truth is , this killing is wiping out the population . Read more : Indonesia 's indigenous villages in flux NGOs like the Sumatran Elephant Conservation Initiative  SECI  are working to change the way locals interact with elephants . They introduced the Riau province villagers and farmers to alternatives to killing the elephants . The SECI created scare guns that make a loud boom that will scare the elephants away . There are also barriers that will sound an alarm when an elephant trips a wire . SECI has even helped locals install an electric fence that borders Bukit Tigapuluh National Park or Thirty Hills , which is protected land for wildlife . One of the most important elements of these successful projects is the education and cooperation of the local population . These non-lethal alternatives use cheap materials that are easily found in the area , so they catch on quickly . The locals have built lookout stations and formed a group like an elephant community watch that will gather when elephants are nearby so they can scare them away with loud noises and large fires . The SECI programs have been so successful in their efforts to keep the elephants from being killed , they 've expanded their operation . Now , they have tagged some of the elephants with radio devices so they can track their movements and organize groups to scare the elephants away even more quickly . These are small victories in a few rural communities around Sumatra , but they can have a big impact . If the killing can be stopped and the cutting of the forest limited , this tiny population of critically endangered Sumatran elephants might have a chance to beat extinction .	The population of Sumatran elephants has decreased by 80 % since the 1930s . In Riau Province alone the population decreased from 1,342 in 1984 to 201 in 2007 . Humans kill the elephants to keep them off valuable farming land . The destruction of the rainforest means elephants increasingly intrude on villages and farms looking for food .
CNN  The slightest movement by this man 's hand can change the behavior of at least 100 people . Andris Nelsons is the 35-year-old Latvian conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra , known for his energetic conducting style . "  It 's very mystical how you influence the process of music making with your gestures . " Nelsons says . "  You as a conductor have to somehow collect all these great personalities , the energy of these great people you 're working with , and bring it together so that it all goes towards the same goal . " There is great power in Nelson 's gestures , and this energy acts as code for the orchestra . Limp hands will not do in this business , as the orchestra needs to know where the upbeats are and how to play them . Celebrated French-American cellist Yo-Yo Ma -- who began performing at just five years old -- understands the importance of the conductor 's energy ; "  The conductor is like the lightning rod . He activates all the molecules in the air to get people to think and feel something that 's really special . " Not only does the conductor need to be in sync with the orchestra , but both his or her hands need to work together . While the right hand typically holds the baton and keeps the beat in a metronome-like fashion , the left hand displays the emotion of the piece , and tells the orchestra whether to hold a note or get louder . While conductors train for years to master these fundamentals , natural talent is also important . "  There are agreed upon things that everybody knows , " explains Ma . "  But beyond that , the stuff that makes something really special , that 's authenticity and people have say he 's bringing 100 % of who he is on stage . " Every conductor has their own style and puts their own mark on the movements . But they all aim to move the crowd to their feet at the end of every performance . Watch the video to learn more about the art of conducting an orchestra .	Andris Nelsons is the conductor of the Boston Symphony Orchestra There is great power in Nelson 's gestures , and this energy acts as code for the orchestra Nelsons needs to be in sync with the orchestra , and his hands need to work together
CNN  -- The Liberty Sun , a U.S.-flagged cargo ship bound for Mombasa , Kenya , was attacked Tuesday by Somali pirates , according to a NATO source with direct knowledge of the matter . Pirates attacked The Liberty Sun , a U.S.-flagged cargo ship , but were unable to board . "  The pirates fired rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons at the vessel , which sustained damage , " said a statement from New York-based Liberty Maritime Corporation , which owns the vessel . The ship was carrying U.S. food aid for African nations , the statement said . The pirates never made it onto the ship and the vessel is now being escorted by a coalition ship , still bound for Mombasa , officials said . Two senior defense officials said the Liberty Sun was being escorted by the guided missile destroyer USS Bainbridge . It is the ship carrying Richard Phillips , the captain of the container ship Maersk Alabama , which was hijacked last week . Phillips spent days as a hostage of the pirates before being rescued Sunday . Katy Urbik of Wheaton , Illinois , said her son , Thomas , was aboard the Liberty Sun at the time of the attack . She shared the e-mails he sent as the ship came under fire . "  We are under attack by pirates , we are being hit by rockets . Also bullets , " said one e-mail sent Tuesday afternoon . "  We are barricaded in the engine room and so far no one is hurt . -LSB- A -RSB- rocket penetrated the bulkhead but the hole is small . Small fire , too , but put out . "  Navy is on the way and helos and ships are coming . I 'll try to send you another message soon . -LSB- G -RSB- ot to go now . I love you mom and dad and all my brothers and family . " "  My heart stopped after I realized there was n't going to be a ` just kidding ' after his comment , " Katy Urbik said . About 1 1/2 hours later , Thomas Urbik sent another e-mail to his mother , which said , "  The navy has showed up in full force and we are now under military escort ... all is well . I love you all and thank you for the prayers . " In an e-mail only hours before the attack , Urbik 's son tried to assure his mother that his crew was safe and taking precautions . "  Do n't worry too much . I am fine and we are being well monitored by the U.S. Navy , who is demanding we send them a report every six hours on our position and status , " Thomas Ubrik 's e-mail said . He added , "  We in fact are going to be the second American ship to arrive into Mombasa after the Maersk Alabama . It should be interesting to say the least . ... We have had several drills to prepare ourselves to secure ourselves in the engine room . -LSB- W -RSB- e can do it pretty quick by now . " The company said the ship had dropped off food aid last week at a Sudanese port and the ship was going around the Horn of Africa to reach Kenya when it came under attack . However , the exact location of the attack remained unclear . Earlier Tuesday , pirates off the coast of Somalia seized two freighters , proving they remain a force to contend with just days after the U.S. Navy dramatically rescued an American captain held by other pirates . First , pirates in the Gulf of Aden on Tuesday hijacked the MV Irene EM , a 35,000-ton Greek-owned bulk carrier , according to a NATO spokesman and the European Union 's Maritime Security Center . The crew of the Greek carrier was thought to be unhurt and ships have been warned to stay clear of the area for fear of further attack , the Security Center said . Later Tuesday , pirates on four skiffs seized the 5,000-ton MV Sea Horse , a Lebanese-owned and Togo-flagged vessel , said Cmdr. Chris Davies of NATO 's Maritime Component Command Headquarters in Northwood , England . Details about the ship and its crew were n't immediately available . NATO has an ongoing anti-piracy mission off Somalia called Operation Allied Protector . The mission involves four ships covering more than a million square miles , Davies said . A U.S.-led international naval task force , Combined Task Force-151 , is also patrolling in the region . Tuesday 's hijackings came two days after sharpshooters from the U.S. Navy SEALs killed three pirates who had been holding Phillips hostage on the water for days . Phillips had offered himself as a hostage when pirates attacked the Alabama on Wednesday , officials said . The ship had been on its way to deliver aid to Mombasa , Kenya . A fourth pirate had been aboard Bainbridge when the shootings occurred and was taken into custody . Watch the tough tactics the Navy uses " The incident follows four freighters being seized over the past two days by pirates off the Somalian coast , proving they remain a force to contend with . Pirates on Monday hijacked two Egyptian fishing boats carrying a total of between 18 and 24 people , the Egyptian Information Ministry told CNN . The Egyptian Foreign Ministry is working to end the hijacking , the ministry said . Egyptian boats are known to use Somali waters illegally for fishing , taking advantage of the lawless state of the country and the lack of enforcement of its maritime boundaries . Those who have tracked pirate activity in Somalia say it started in the 1980s , when the pirates claimed they were trying to stop the rampant illegal fishing and dumping that continues to this day off the Somali coast . Piracy accelerated after the fall of the Somali government in the early 1990s and began to flourish after shipping companies started paying ransoms . Those payments started out being in the tens of thousands of dollars and have since climbed into the millions . Some experts say companies are simply making the problem worse by paying the pirates . CNN 's Mike Mount , Barbara Starr and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Crewman e-mailed hours before attack that Navy was monitoring the ship Crewman e-mails , "  We are under attack by pirates , we are being hit by rockets " Four freighters seized in last two days Greek 35,000-ton bulk carrier and Lebanese-owned , Togo-flagged both seized
As the world 's fastest growing market for mobile phones , Africa is ripe for the upcoming disruption that will be ushered in by ubiquitous Internet access through smartphones . The previous wave of mobile phone adoption on the continent from 2000 to 2010 accelerated at an impressive 30 % compound annual growth rate powered by affordable dumb and feature phones sold at mass market price points . Today , the narrative is changing . Read more : 10 African tech startups you need to know The continent 's smartphone market is expected to double in the next four years and device manufacturers who dominated the narrative over the past decade such as Nokia are making big bets on the continent 's smartphone future . Microsoft/Nokia through the Lumia Windows phone line are betting that the continent 's rising economic fundamentals coupled with a rising hunger for connected devices will spur significant demand . Huawei has since 2011 bet that its sub $ 100 Android devices will herald a new era of smartphone penetration in some of Africa 's largest mobile phone markets like Nigeria and Kenya . Samsung has adopted a similar strategy , targeting student populations and engaging celebrities to trigger mass appeal and its tactics appear to be gaining traction . According to International Data Corp , 52 % of all smartphones sold on the continent in the second quarter of 2013 were Samsung phones and the company has quickly ascended in a short period of time to become Africa 's smartphone leader . Chinese manufacturer Tecno has also increasingly been making its intentions clear : "  Our desire is to flood the African mobile phone markets with Tecno smartphones , " its director of marketing , Boukali Mounir said in an interview recently . Tecno humbly started out by introducing relatively simple phones in the African market but very quickly scaled up its offerings to include affordable smartphones and now has its ambitions set on continent-wide domination . Then there is the Blackberry , which despite its cataclysmic woes in Western markets , continues to enjoy significant patronage on the continent . The coming African smartphone wave poses an interesting dilemma for app developers on the continent . Should they invest their skills acquisition and app development efforts in Africa 's feature phone past or its exciting smartphone future ? After all , despite the growth prospects , Africa is still largely a feature phone play with smartphones making up 18 % of phones in Africa . Read more : Smart cabs and social games - Africa 's mobile tech startups Though the continent 's smart phone penetration rate might appear low relative to its number of feature phone users , the addressable market for smartphone users on the continent is already sizeable and is currently growing at about 19 % year over year . With 650 million mobile phone subscribers in Africa , there are already about 100 million smartphone users with the number set to double to 200 million users in the next four years . At present , South Africa is reportedly sub-Saharan Africa 's largest smartphone market at 19 % penetration followed closely by Tanzania , Nigeria and Kenya . Launching the right product with cross-country appeal would be key to success and carrier billing for local apps by indigenous mobile operators would provide a decent monetization path for breakout hits . Much has been analyzed about Africa 's rising middle class , a demographic that has been touted to be the world 's fastest growing . Despite the controversy surrounding who really comprises this base , McKinsey posits that in the next few years , 40 % of the growth in spending power on the continent will be driven by households with an average income of more than $ 20,000 a year . What makes the continent 's smartphone user base particularly interesting is its demographic composition . Africa 's smartphone owners overlap significantly with its rising consumer class . Asides the relatively formidable size of their wallets , they are typically the most tech savvy cohort of the general populace and the most likely to use mobile apps solving key pain points in their day to day lives from mobile commerce to transit ticketing . Read more : How African innovation can take on the world The launch of Uber  the Silicon Valley based startup that connects riders with a driver at the tap of a button on its smartphone app  in Johannesburg , South Africa this past August points to the fact that the philosophy of betting on the continent 's smartphone future is increasingly gaining traction . It might be early days in Africa 's smartphone history but at its current pace of growth , the future will very quickly merge with the present and eventually supersede it . While feature phone penetration will continue to maintain its healthy lead , smartphone adoption would take on a hockey stick adoption path ; a trend that savvy entrepreneurs and app developers will inevitably profit from . The impact that rapid adoption of smartphones on the continent will usher in are legion . From education to retail , Africa 's smartphone wave will redefine the continent 's future in myriad sectors and at scale .	Africa 's smartphone market is expected to double in next four years , says Nmachi Jidenma Companies like Nokia and Samsung are targeting the continent Africa 's growing tech-savvy middle class will drive smartphone adoption "  Smartphones will redefine the continent 's future , " says Jidenma
CNN  -- It appears the people on the banks of at least one major river in the Midwest are finally getting a break from rising water . Water levels have peaked north of St. Louis , but the floodwaters from the upper Mississippi River will be slow to recede in the coming days , CNN weather producer Taylor Ward said . And forecasters think the weather north of St. Louis in the next few days should be mostly calm . But rain is expected on Friday and Saturday from St. Louis into Mississippi , Ward said . The peak waters will continue to head south in the coming days but are not expected to be significant south of Missouri . The expected rainfall late this week should n't have much of an impact on the anticipated crests of rivers . The residents of Grafton , Illinois , north of St. Louis , will see the worst of the floodwater through Friday as the Mississippi River peaks at more than 11 feet above flood stage , the National Weather Service says . Many along the river 's edge decided to evacuate , but Jerry Eller thought he would wait it out . "  I 've got water coming up through cracks in the floor , so I have about 3,000 gallons an hour of pumps running down the basement keeping water out , and that seems to be keeping it down to about an inch , " Eller told CNN affiliate KPLR . Floodwater has ravaged dozens of counties in Illinois , forcing thousands of residents from their homes . On Wednesday , the Missouri and Illinois rivers and parts of the Mississippi River were closed to recreational boats due to debris and fast currents , the Coast Guard said . The statement said conditions had already caused 200-foot long barges to break away from their moorings and sink . The Army Corps of Engineers closed three of its locks to all river traffic until flooding subsides . "  Public safety is our first priority . Rivers are unpredictable and dangerous in a flood , " said Col. Chris Hall , commander of the Corps ' St. Louis District . "  Even if someone has lived along a river his whole life , he should n't assume it will behave the same way during a flood . It 's not a good time to be on or near the rivers . " Affected by the flooding ? Share your images Widespread flooding As rivers across the heartland swelled during the past two weeks , rising water was blamed for four deaths . Flooding has threatened rivers in Illinois , Missouri , Iowa , Indiana , North Dakota , Mississippi and Michigan , the National Weather Service said . The Mississippi River at St. Louis on Wednesday was above flood stage and expected to remain so through Sunday , the CNN weather team said . The Illinois River at Peoria was experiencing major flooding , which is expected to last through the weekend . Moderate flooding through the weekend is expected for the Des Plaines River north of Chicago . Along the Mississippi River , flood watches stretch south to Louisiana . Although flooding is expected along the river , experts do n't expect the catastrophic levels of two years ago , when levees were breached . The flooding was so grave in 2011 that authorities purposely flooded thousands of square miles of Louisiana to spare city centers . Residents in North Dakota are bracing for flooding , too , along the Red River in Fargo . The city has begun a three-day push to truck sandbags into low-lying areas . Police cars are escorting the semitrailer trucks as they head to the locations , affiliate KVLY reported . Volunteer help In Clarksville , Missouri , some 500,000 sandbags and more than 8,000 tons of sand and rock are being used to keep most of the floodwater at bay . Mayor Jo Anne Smiley said the worst is over , but the city is n't out of the woods yet . Volunteers from around the area played a key role in protecting the town . "  The only way this community in particular survives these kinds of events is volunteer help , because we 've had more volunteers in town than we have people who live here , " Smiley told affiliate KSDK . "  And the people who live here are for the most part aged . " Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency last week after many areas of the state were stricken by flash flooding . "  The sustained periods of heavy rainfall  have  swollen creeks and streams and is pushing the Mississippi River over flood levels , endangering river communities , " Nixon said . Record floodwater on the Rock River is dampening the mood at Rick Wyffels ' Christmas tree farm in Moline , Illinois . "  This is going to be bad , " Wyffels told CNN affiliate WQAD . "  This is the highest water I 've ever seen down here . " The Wyffels family has farmed along the Rock River for more than 60 years . About a quarter of his crop is under water . "  We 'll just have to wait and see whether these trees make it or not , " he said . Back in July , it was a different story for Wyffels as the region was locked in a drought . He lost some 900 trees in the parched soil . Deadly consequences The rain and flooding caused three deaths last week and a fourth Sunday , local authorities reported . In DuPage County , Illinois , a body was found floating in Salt Creek last week , the local sheriff 's office said . Authorities were working to identify it . A woman in De Soto , Missouri , drowned last week after her vehicle washed off a road , KSDK reported . Two fatalities were reported in Arcadia , Indiana . On Thursday , a 64-year-old man died after attempting to cross high water in his car . The water swept him off a roadway and dragged him downstream , the Hamilton County Sheriff 's Office said . CNN 's Maria White , Mariano Castillo and Chad Myers contributed to this report .	NEW : Areas north of St. Louis should see water slowly recede NEW : Some rivers closed to public because of debris , fast currents Fargo , North Dakota , is preparing for flooding The rain and flooding have caused four deaths , local authorities say
CNN  -- A self-professed Apple fanatic , Jonathan Zufi was looking for a book of photography profiling the company 's products through the years . When he did n't find one , the Atlanta software engineer decided to make one himself . "  Iconic : A Photographic Tribute to Apple Innovation " is the result . Released last month , the hardcover , coffee-table book contains 350 pages of photos documenting nearly every product the company has ever made . Apple has long been unapologetically focused on design and Zufi , a native of Melbourne , Australia , said he wanted to celebrate that with his images . "  Other companies came up with the guts for a machine and then the engineers would find a way to stuff them into a box , " said Zufi . "  Steve Jobs started with the box and said , ` You need to find a way to get the guts in . ' " The book , currently available only through its website , sells for $ 75 , or $ 300 for a special edition which , along with other extras , comes with a custom-fit book case designed in a retro style inspired by Apple products of the 1970s and '80s . It 's all an unlikely project for a software engineer with no formal photography training . Zufi bought new equipment and consulted with a professional as he began the project , which was four years in the making . All along , he focused on shooting artistic images that did n't resemble promotional product shots . "  I did n't want to take photos that you could find in marketing material , " he said . Instead , he said he approached each shot by looking for an image that would "  create that same emotional connection to that product , but maybe does n't look like something you 've seen before . " For example , when shooting the first version of the iPhone , released in 2007 , he chose an image of the back of the phone . "  I do n't really remember seeing a lot of the photos of the back , " he said . "  It 's little things like that . " Zufi , who began sharing his images on the website Shrine of Apple , said he has n't had any official communications with Apple about the book . "  I did n't even try to reach out . I knew that it probably would n't get anywhere , " he said . "  I can tell you there 's been an enormous outpouring of support and enthusiasm from employees . People at the company are buying the book -- they 're buying it for themselves , they 're buying it for their friends ... . That feedback is obviously very gratifying . " No less of an authority than Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak wrote a foreword to the book . "  Within these pages , Jonathan presents a thoughtful and artistic gift to Apple fans and employees alike ; photographs of Apple products -- from hardware to packaging -- the likes of which I 've never seen compiled before , " he writes . "  Jonathan 's passion for this project is reflected on every page , and each honors the hard work of every employee and collaborator that has passed through Apple 's doors . "	New coffee-table book documents nearly every product Apple has ever made Book contains 350 pages of photos , from the Apple II to the iPad Mini Author : "  I did n't want to take photos that you could find in marketing material "
CNN  -- Harold Pinter , the Nobel Prize-winning playwright and screenwriter whose absurdist and realistic works displayed a despair and defiance about the human condition , has died , according to British media reports . He was 78 . The much-honored Harold Pinter received the French Legion d'honneur in 2007 . Pinter 's wife , Lady Antonia Fraser , confirmed his death . Pinter , who had been suffering from cancer , died on Christmas Eve , according to the reports . Fraser told the Guardian newspaper : "  He was a great , and it was a privilege to live with him for over 33 years . He will never be forgotten . " Pinter was known for such plays as "  The Birthday Party "  1957  , "  The Homecoming "  1964  , "  No Man 's Land "  1974  , "  Mountain Language "  1988  , and "  Celebration "  2000  . The works caught a linguistic rhythm -- the legendary "  Pinter pause " -- and an air of social unease that resonated throughout the English-speaking world and in myriad translations . His movie credits , like his plays , span the decades and include "  The Quiller Memorandum "  1965  and "  The French Lieutenant 's Woman "  1981  . Pinter also wrote the screenplay for his 1978 play "  Betrayal , " the story of a doomed love affair told backward , which was made into a 1983 film with Ben Kingsley , Jeremy Irons and Patricia Hodge . He received the Nobel Prize in literature in 2005 . Pinter 's later plays were more overtly political , with works such as "  One for the Road "  1984  and "  The New World Order "  1991  focusing on state torture . In commentaries , he became a blistering critic of the United States , writing in his Nobel lecture that the country "  quite simply does n't give a damn about the United Nations , international law or critical dissent , which it regards as impotent and irrelevant . It also has its own bleating little lamb tagging behind it on a lead , the pathetic and supine Great Britain . " But Pinter could also be a man of great humor . In 2006 , he recounted a story about a fall that had landed him in the hospital a year earlier . "  Two days later , I woke up to find that I 'd been given the Nobel Prize in literature , " he said . "  So life is really full of ups and downs , you see . " Harold Pinter was born in London on October 10 , 1930 . He was the son of Jewish immigrants , his father a dressmaker , his mother "  a wonderful cook , " he once recalled . In 1948 he was accepted into the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts , then as now one of Great Britain 's most renowned drama schools . But the RADA did n't take ; Pinter hated the school and dropped out after two terms . He became an actor and turned to playwriting with his first work , "  The Room , " in 1957 . Later that year he wrote "  The Birthday Party , " a "  comedy of menace , " in the words of one critic , that helped make Pinter 's reputation -- though , in an irony he could appreciate , after it closed in London due to scathing notices . Ensuing Pinter plays , including "  The Dumb Waiter "  1957  and "  The Homecoming , " made him Britain 's most famous playwright , as influential to "  late 20th-century British theater -LSB- as -RSB- Tennessee Williams is to mid-century American stages , " CNN.com 's Porter Anderson wrote in 2006 . "  What 's generally meant as a ` Pinter play ' in the purest sense usually revolves around one or more characters who are imposing on themselves a constricted , even deprived existence in order to hold off a presumed but uncertain threat , " Anderson wrote . Pinter 's plays featured sparse dialogue , often spiced with paranoia or simple befuddlement . In "  The Birthday Party , " a boardinghouse resident is accosted by two malevolent visitors who insist it 's his birthday ; in "  The Homecoming " -- which won the Tony Award for best play when it premiered on Broadway in 1967 -- a professor and his wife return to his working-class British family , where the wife becomes the center of attention . Pinter credited Samuel Beckett , among others , as an influence .  He starred in a production of Beckett 's "  Krapp 's Last Tape " in 2006 .  In turn , writers such as David Mamet and Sam Shepard followed Pinter 's elliptical lead . "  One way of looking at speech is to say it is a constant stratagem to cover nakedness , " Pinter once said . He was married first to the actress Vivien Merchant . Following a 1980 divorce , Pinter married writer-historian Lady Antonia Fraser .	Harold Pinter died on Christmas Eve , his wife tells British media Pinter , 78 , had been suffering from cancer He won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005
CNN  -- Michelle Knight squeezes her eyes shut and cries as she listens to the 911 call that led police to rescue her from the house where Ariel Castro held her hostage for more than a decade . In the recording , fellow captive Amanda Berry begs police to come quickly , before Castro gets home . "  Help me , I 'm Amanda Berry , " she says . "  I 've been kidnapped and I 've been missing for 10 years . And I 'm here , I 'm free now . " That frantic call six months ago finally brought authorities to the Cleveland home where Berry , Knight and Gina DeJesus had been Castro 's prisoners . The moment when police rescued them , Knight recalled in an interview broadcast Wednesday on the syndicated "  Dr. Phil " talk show , was a "  roller coaster of mixed emotion . " "  I wanted to kiss the ground that I was walking on and thank God for letting me get out of that hellhole , " Knight told host Dr. Phil McGraw . But Knight wiped away tears as she listened to the 911 call Berry made after escaping on May 6 . It makes her sad , she told McGraw , because of what Berry left out when she called for help from a neighbor 's house . "  She did n't mention us , " Knight said . ` Finally being heard ' Castro lured Knight into his vehicle from a Family Dollar store in Cleveland in 2002 , promising to give her a ride . She endured more than a decade of torture , rape , starvation and beatings , held captive inside his home . In August , Castro was sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years after he pleaded guilty to 937 counts , including murder and kidnapping . He committed suicide in his prison cell in September . Knight , Berry and DeJesus have since been trying to readjust to life as free women . Knight , whose disappearance generated the least public notice of the three , has been the most outspoken . "  After 11 years , I am finally being heard , and it 's liberating , " she said in a powerful statement at Castro 's sentencing , describing the abuse she endured . Knight was Castro 's first victim , and her interview with "  Dr. Phil , " which aired Tuesday and Wednesday , marks the most detailed remarks any of the women have made publicly so far about their experience . It provides a detailed glimpse into some of the horrors she suffered , her relationships with the other women , and the day when she got her first taste of freedom after 11 years in captivity . ` We thought somebody was breaking in ' It started when she heard a pounding sound coming from downstairs , Knight told McGraw . Castro had gone out for the day , Knight recalled . He told them he was going to visit his mother , then buy them some food . Police were outside , trying to get in after Berry 's 911 call . But at the time , Knight says , she thought robbers were coming in and she asked DeJesus to turn down the radio . "  So we 're hiding , because we 're scared . We 're terrified . We did n't know that the cops were down there , " Knight said . "  We thought somebody was breaking in , because it was a bad neighborhood . So we 're sitting there hiding behind a dresser . " Knight says she heard an officer shout , "  Police ! " But she still did n't feel safe -- until she saw a badge . "  I just ran , " she recalled . "  I jumped on her  the officer  and I never let go . " Knight returns to Cleveland house where she was held for 11 years ' I had to help him drill holes in a wall ' Since their release , accounts have depicted Knight as someone who cared for the other victims during their captivity while also enduring great suffering herself . Castro , Knight told McGraw , would tell her of his plans to abduct other women . "  I begged him not to bring any more there to suffer the hell I went through , " Knight said . But it was n't long before Knight learned that she was n't the only captive . In 2003 , Castro abducted Berry and brought her to the house . The next year , he kidnapped DeJesus . Knight said Castro made her get ready for DeJesus ' arrival . "  He was telling me that I needed to help him prepare another room , " Knight told McGraw , "  and I did n't want to prepare that room . ... I had to help him drill holes in a wall , to put the chains through , to hook us together . " The two quickly developed a close bond , Knight said . When Castro tried to abuse DeJesus , Knight said she often stepped in . "  He went to hit her and I would stop him and take the hit , " she said . "  I would jump in front of her . ... I know how it feels to be hurt , and I did n't want her to go through that . " Delivering Berry 's baby Asked by McGraw how she feels about Berry , Knight said , "  We 're OK . Not the best of friends , but OK . " She described the day when Castro forced her to help deliver Berry 's baby in a swimming pool . "  He told me if the baby did n't come out alive , that he would blame me , " Knight said . "  And at that moment when the baby did n't come out breathing , I knew if I did n't get her to breathe , that he would kill me right then and there . " Knight said she laid the baby on its back , started doing compressions on her chest and breathed into her mouth . "  Five minutes later , " Knight said , "  she started screaming . " Knight said she became pregnant herself at least five times while in Castro 's home . Each time , she said , Castro beat her brutally until she miscarried . "  Every time got worse than the other , " she told McGraw . "  By the third time that I got pregnant , it was kicking , jumping on my stomach , like if I was a bed . " Castro , Knight said , "  did n't want a girl like me to have a kid . " "  I was a girl that could n't be broken , a girl that could n't be underestimated , " Knight said . "  When he figured out he could n't control me very much , he did n't want to give me a kid . " A troubled past During Knight 's time in captivity , her case got less media attention than the disappearances of Berry and DeJesus , whose family members posted fliers and held candlelight vigils for them . That was something that Castro never let her forget , Knight said . "  The first thing he 'll say to me , ` Where 's your family ? Why do n't you have any ? They must not really love you . ' And it would hurt , 'cause I knew my family did n't care , and I knew they were n't there for me , " Knight said . Knight 's grandmother , Deborah Knight , told The Plain Dealer in May that the family had concluded that Michelle had left of her own accord because she was angry that she had lost custody of her then-2-year-old son . That conclusion was supported by police and social workers , she told the newspaper . Her mother , Barbara Knight , issued a statement to the "  Dr. Phil " show . "  Michelle , my daughter , has been the victim of long-term and profound and unspeakable torture . Her point of view has been altered by that monster and what he did to her , " the statement said . "  What I have heard that she said about me breaks my heart . That is because what she now believes , while not true , increases her pain . I love my daughter . I always have and always will . I pray that someday she will heal enough to know that again . " CNN 's Michael Pearson , Martin Savidge , Pamela Brown and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Michelle Knight describes the dramatic police rescue that freed her "  I wanted to ... thank God for letting me get out of that hellhole , " Knight tells Dr. Phil Knight recounts the day she delivered Amanda Berry 's baby inside Castro 's home "  I was a girl that could n't be broken , a girl that could n't be underestimated , " she says
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Twin suicide attacks in southern Yemen killed 12 tribesmen early Sunday morning , authorities said . The tribesmen are part of a small force fighting al Qaeda-affiliated militants in Abyan province In one of the attacks , a suicide bomber approached a group of fighters , shook hands and sat with them before detonating explosives , tribal fighters said . The blast killed five people , in addition to the bomber . In the second attack , seven people were killed in addition to the suicide bomber , the fighters said . Clashes in Abyan have been ongoing since May , when suspected al Qaeda militants took over the province and declared it an Islamic emirate . The militants call themselves "  Ansar Sharia , " and say that their mission is to spread Islamic law in Yemen . Government forces , with the help of local tribal fighters , have succeeded in retaking control of parts of the province .	The tribesmen are part of a small force fighting al Qaeda In one of the attacks , a suicide bomber shakes hands with the fighters before detonating Clashes in the province have been ongoing since May
CNN  -- When Frederick Hutson left prison in 2012 after serving four years on marijuana-related charges , he realized he had gained something more than his freedom : insight into an overlooked consumer market . Many inmates are stuck in an age before Instagram or Facebook , relying on envelopes and pay phones to connect with family on the outside . So Hutson founded Pigeonly , a photo-sharing and low-cost phone call service that has already helped 50,000 incarcerated individuals connect with their loved ones , maintain their ties to society , and remain a presence in their children 's lives . The story of Pigeonly is statistically unlikely : a disruptive technology created by a member of a disenfranchised community , in order to solve a problem within that community . It is also a model for the type of entrepreneurship that can revive American capitalism : both inclusive of and responsive to America 's changing demographics . One of the great achievements of the civil rights and women 's rights movements was that they unleashed an enormous pool of talent into the economic life of America . Desegregation and the women 's movement broke down barriers to education and employment and made our nation stronger by making it more competitive . Yet 50 years later , a narrow vision of capitalism once again threatens to leave many Americans behind . Our nation 's failure to achieve equal educational opportunity has exacerbated race-based economic disparities and produced two starkly different American economies . And while women have made strong gains in professional life , they remain dramatically underrepresented in many of the most profitable sectors . Silicon Valley is hardly the only place where this is evident , but addressing it here is crucial to turning the tide . Last year there were eight states where zero Latino students took the Advanced Placement exam in computer science , and 11 states in which no black students took the test . In three states , not a single female student sat for the exam . It is no surprise , then , that 99 % of venture capital-funded startups in 2010 were founded by whites or people of Asian descent , the vast majority of whom were men . The result of this pipeline problem is an enormous amount of untapped talent and a tech sector that fails to reflect the demographics of its users . To be sure , government can play a crucial role in leveling the playing field . But it can only go so far . The leaders of the innovation economy can and should play their part in reviving capitalism by making it more responsive to a changing country 's full range of widespread needs and more inclusive in the process . This is a practical demand as much as a moral one . Underrepresented populations are uniquely prepared to do what the tech sector claims to do best : innovate . Look at the app store on any smartphone . There are thousands of programs to edit a photo or help you check the weather , but far fewer that exist to close the gaps in our society . In Silicon Valley , we like to say that every problem is a potential opportunity . But it takes a diversity of backgrounds to identify the real-world problems begging for a solution . Simply put , startups like Pigeonly are shattering expectations of what the market demands . Smart investors are looking at firms like Regalii , which helps immigrants send cash remittances back to their home countries , or Plaza Familia , a Latina-founded multilingual education software platform that helps parents track their children 's ' school progress in their native language . Our firm , Kapor Capital , invests in these companies and dozens of others that work to close gaps . We saw that startups like Pigeonly were launched by entrepreneurs who identified an unmet need in the market as a result of their life experiences . Silicon Valley tells an idealistic story of itself and the revolutionary role of tech leaders in the 21st century economy . Tech innovation can and should expand wealth , democratize access to opportunity , and build a meritocracy where talent matters most . However , we still have a long way to go . We will be there when companies like Pigeonly , Regalii , and Plaza Familia and their founders -- African-Americans , Latinos , women of all colors , and others historically excluded -- are no longer the exception to the rule . Capitalism remains our nation 's operating system . The current version needs an upgrade . Investing in the people who are too often locked out , and their ideas , can advance our economy and our country to the next level . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Mitch Kapor and Ben Jealous worry that a lack of diversity in tech firms is stalling innovation Startups succeed , they say , when they meet unmet needs Innovators from diverse backgrounds can uncover fresh , unsolved problems Capitalism , they say , is U.S. operating system but current version needs an upgrade
Washington  CNN  -- A Wisconsin federal judge has granted a temporary restraining order preventing the state from enforcing a new and restrictive abortion law . The law , signed by Gov. Scott Walker on Friday , bans doctors from performing abortions if they do n't have admitting privileges to hospitals within 30 minutes of their practice . U.S. District Judge William Conley granted the hold Monday after the Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin filed suit . The group alleges the admitting privilege requirement is unconstitutional and treats doctors who perform abortions differently from doctors who perform other types of medical procedures . Conley agreed . "  There is a troubling lack of justification for the hospital admitting privileges requirement , " he wrote in his 19-page ruling . He added that the U.S. Supreme Court precedent places the burden upon states to show such laws are "  reasonably directed to the preservation of maternal health . " To that end , "  the record to date strongly supports a finding that no medical purpose is served by this requirement , " he said . The restraining order will stay in place pending a fuller hearing on July 17 . The law , which took effect Monday , also requires women to have an ultrasound before getting an abortion , but that portion of the law was not challenged in the Planned Parenthood suit . Opponents of the Wisconsin legislation allege that restrictions in the law would force the closing of several abortion clinics , and that the law is simply a way to make access to abortions more difficult . Supporters insist that it would guarantee a safer environment for a woman suffering from abortion-related complications . Judge Conley questioned that contention , saying , "  The current system already handles efficiently the very low percentage of women seeking abortions with serious complications . " CNN reached out to Walker 's office for response and is awaiting a response . Texas abortion showdown continues CNN 's Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	Law says doctors ca n't perform abortions without admitting privileges in nearby hospitals Planned Parenthood files suit The judge sides with the group The restraining order will stay in place until another hearing next week
Madrid  CNN  -- The big bet is off . The Las Vegas Sands Corp. announced Friday its planned , multibillion dollar casino and hotel complex that Spaniards called "  EuroVegas " has been canceled . "  We do n't see a path that leads to getting the necessary criteria to move this large-scale development forward . As a result , we will no longer pursue this opportunity , " said Las Vegas Sands Chairman Sheldon Adelson , the American billionaire political activist , in a statement . The project was officially unveiled to much fanfare in February , and Spanish government officials appeared receptive to the promise of tens of thousands of jobs to build and later operate the casino and hotels , to help get Spain back on its feet economically . It had been scheduled to open in 2017 in a Madrid suburb . Opponents all along said the Vegas-style resort would create only low-skilled and low-paying jobs -- not the development model needed for Spain , and they also seemed concerned the resort would attract organized crime . In February , Las Vegas Sands said it would finance $ 3.6 billion , or 40 % , of the cost of the first phase of the operation , including 12,000 hotel rooms , but would need financing from banks for the rest . A Las Vegas Sands spokeswoman said at the time the entire $ 22 billion project , when completed over 20 years , could create 250,000 jobs . But media reports since then have indicated a variety of hurdles as Las Vegas Sands and the government negotiated potential terms for the deal . Last month , a Madrid government regional official announced the planned groundbreaking for late this year had been delayed until early 2014 , the state-run news agency EFE reported . On Friday , Deputy Prime Minister Soraya Saenz de Santamaria said that Las Vegas Sands had made demands regarding tax issues and other conditions that could n't be met under Spanish and European Union law . Las Vegas Sands will continue its "  intense search for opportunities in Asia , " the company said . Adelson has built the company into a leading global developer of gambling , entertainment and convention resorts . It owns the Venetian and the Palazzo gambling resorts in Las Vegas and has expanded into Asian markets , including resorts in Singapore and Macau .	Las Vegas Sands Corp. cancels plans for multibillion dollar casino and hotel complex Reports : Company and Spanish government faced variety of hurdles negotiating deal Officials touted casino project would create 250,000 jobs when it was originally announced
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Quds Force , the elite unit of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , provides "  lethal support " to the Sunni-dominated Taliban for use against U.S. and NATO forces , according to information in the new U.S. sanctions imposed on Iran . Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , announces the sanctions Thursday . The Quds Force is the "  Iranian regime 's primary instrument for providing lethal support to the Taliban , " and it "  provides weapons and financial support to the Taliban to support anti-U.S. and anti-coalition activity in Afghanistan , " the Treasury Department alleged Thursday in announcing economic sanctions against the Quds Force and other Iranian military and financial entities . Iran is a predominantly Shiite nation and is known to support Shiite fighters in Iraq , where Shiite and Sunni Muslims have been at odds in recent years , and in Lebanon . In the past , the U.S. military has said the Quds Force also supports the Taliban , the Sunni movement that once controlled Afghanistan and still harbors the al Qaeda terror movement . The Treasury Department statement , however , laid out specific details of that alleged support to justify designating the Quds Force as a supporter of terrorism . Watch an announcement of the sanctions against Iran " "  Since at least 2006 , Iran has arranged frequent shipments of small arms and associated ammunition , rocket propelled grenades , mortar rounds , 107 mm rockets , plastic explosives , and probably man-portable defense systems to the Taliban , " the statement said . The Treasury statement also says the Quds Force "  has had a long history " of backing Hezbollah 's "  military , paramilitary , and terrorist activities , providing it with guidance , funding , weapons , intelligence , and logistical support . " The Lebanese Shiite group runs training camps in Lebanon 's Bekaa Valley and "  has reportedly trained " more than 3,000 of the group 's fighters at Revolutionary Guard training facilities in Iran , the Treasury Department alleged . The statement further alleges that the Quds Force provides roughly $ 100 million to $ 200 million in funding a year to Hezbollah and has helped the group rearm after the war in Lebanon with Israeli forces . The Treasury Department says the Quds Force provides "  material support " to two Palestinian groups -- Palestinian Islamic Jihad and the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine-General Command . The Quds Force is one of five branches of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps . The others are Ground Forces , Air Force , Navy and Basij militia . The Revolutionary Guard Corps "  runs prisons , and has numerous economic interests involving defense production , construction , and the oil industry " and "  has been outspoken about its willingness to proliferate ballistic missiles capable of carrying " weapons of mass destruction , the Treasury Department says . E-mail to a friend	Treasury Department says Iranian force supplies small arms , RPGs , ammo U.S. also says Quds Force has given funding , weapons to Hezbollah Allegations used to justify designating Quds as a supporter of terrorism
