CNN  -- An Austrian man who allegedly held his daughter as a sex slave for 24 years has been charged with murdering one of their children , prosecutors say . Josef Fritzl is accused of fathering seven children by his daughter during her 24-year captivity . Austrian State Prosecutor Gerhard Sedlacek told CNN Thursday that Josef Fritzl , 73 , was charged with murder because one of the seven children died in infancy . The other six children survived . Fritzl , a retired electrician from Amstetten , 75 kilometers  46 miles  west of Vienna , was also charged with rape , incest , false imprisonment and slavery . The murder charge stems from the death of Fritzl 's infant son , Michael Fritzl , who died from lack of medical care , the prosecutor said . Watch as Fritzl is charged with murder " "  Although he realized how life-threatening M.F. 's situation was after being born , Josef F. did not call out for help , " Sedlacek said , explaining the charge . The trial is expected to begin early in 2009 and if convicted of murder Fritzl could face 10 to 20 years in prison . Austria , like other European countries , has no death penalty . Prosecutors say psychiatric tests show that Fritzl is mentally fit to stand trial but Sedlacek has asked that Fritzl be confined to a "  mental asylum . " Fritzl kept the daughter and all but three of the children in a cellar beneath his home in Amstetten , Austria , west of Vienna , officials say . Three of the children lived upstairs in the home Fritzl shared with his wife and several of their own children . Fritzl has been in custody since the case came to light in April , sparking worldwide attention . He had explained Elizabeth 's disappearance in 1984 by saying the 18-year-old girl had run away from home , a story backed up by letters he forced Elisabeth to write , including one that begged her parents not to look for her . When Elizabeth gained her freedom , she told police her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . On August 8 , 1984 -- weeks before she was reported missing -- her father enticed her into the basement , where he drugged her , put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room , she told police . For the next 24 years , she was constantly raped by her father , resulting in seven children , she said , according to the police statement . Fritzl 's daughter and her children have since been receiving counseling although doctors warn that they will take years to recover . Members of the Fritzl family will also be offered the chance to adopt new identities in an effort to help them lead normal lives , officials said . Psychiatrist Max Friedrich , who treated the abducted Austrian teenager Natascha Kampusch , estimated it would take "  between five and eight years " for the children to recover from their experiences .	Austrian man who allegedly held daughter for 24 years charged with murder Prosecutors charge Josef Fritzl with murder because one of the 7 children died Experts say infant might have survived if Fritzl had arranged for medical care
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- Mozilla announced Sunday it will launch handsets running its new Firefox mobile operating system , pitting itself directly against Apple and Google . The nonprofit company made the announcement at a news conference on the eve of the world 's largest mobile technology show , Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Spain , under the new marketing slogan "  Unleash the fox . " The company says it is partnering with 18 network operators and four handset manufacturers around the world to launch handsets running its open-source mobile operating system , which it also demonstrated Sunday . Alcatel , LG and ZTE will be first to build the first Firefox OS devices , with Huawei to follow later in the year , a spokesman said . The company said the first wave of Firefox devices would go on sale beginning in July in Brazil , Colombia , Hungary , Mexico , Montenegro , Poland , Serbia , Spain and Venezuela . What features would you like to see ? The new software is built on open Web standards and is capable of operating on much less sophisticated devices than many existing smartphones , the company says . "  Firefox OS will break down the walls between apps and the Web because Firefox OS apps are built using Web technologies , like HTML5 , " said Jay Sullivan , Mozilla 's senior vice president of products . "  We expect to see lots of amazing apps people love built for Firefox OS because more developers are already creating for the Web than for any other platform . " Developers will be free to build and sell mobile applications for the operating system without having to share revenue with Apple or Google . NYPD dedicates squad to phone thefts John Jackson , vice president of the research company IDC , said , "  The impressive lineup of operators who have now pledged to distribute Firefox OS devices speaks clearly and powerfully to the platform 's potential and points to 2013 being a breakout year for Mozilla in the mobile domain . However , Stuart Miles , editor of gadget review site Pocket-lint , said while there was potential for success in developing countries , the company faced an uphill struggle against the established big players . "  It 's an interesting move , mainly because I think the people that are backing it are doing so to either hedge their bets or to provide leverage against the bigger players . "  The idea of HTML web apps is one that Apple had five years ago with the launch of the iPhone but soon realized that they could make much more money by charging for apps rather than giving them away for free . As an organization , Mozilla does n't have those concerns . " Sleep texting is a thing Mozilla says operators who have committed to devices include AmÃ © rica MÃ ³ vil , China Unicom , Deutsche Telekom , Etisalat , Hutchison Three Group , KDDI , KT , MegaFon , Qtel , SingTel , Smart , Sprint , Telecom Italia Group , TelefÃ ³ nica , Telenor , TMN and VimpelCom .	Mozilla to introduce mobile phones with its Firefox open-source operating system The handset and system will compete with Apple , Google on apps , senior official says The phones , from four manufacturers , will be available in nine countries starting in July
CNN  -- Tractor-trailer drivers , if you text while driving in the middle of the freeway , then the future may belong to you . If you can afford a Mercedes truck , that is . The German vehicle maker sent an 18-wheeler barreling down the Autobahn recently , while the driver surfed the Internet for food recipes on tablet computer -- at least that 's how media photos told the story . Its test drive was brief , covering about three miles , German media reported . The trucker 's hands did n't touch the wheel and his eyes were fixed on pork cutlets . But that could be the way some drive in the future , perhaps in the next decade or so . That 's the message of the prototype "  Future Truck 2025 , " which Mercedes says is the first self-driven freight vehicle . It may seem illogical right now , but the hands-off idea is aimed at eliminating human error . Special cameras and multiple radar systems watch the road , the sides of the road , and cars and trucks behind the vehicle . Future Truck is also envisioned to communicate with other vehicles and connect to growing sources of online information as Big Data balloons on the road . Its computerized controls will also make it more fuel efficient , Mercedes boasts . Once the truck merges into traffic , it wo n't accelerate to clichÃ © d Autobahn breakneck speeds . The system will throttle it to a meek 50 mph , Mercedes says . Many of the component parts to put a vehicle like this into production are already available in trucks on the market : Systems that help drivers keep their distance from other drivers , active braking assistance , guidance and mapping systems , and fine-tuned cruise control and tons of other hi-tech tchotchke . If a puttering slowpoke pulls out in front of Future Truck 2025 , it will slow down automatically to keep off of its bumper , but the 18-wheeler wo n't pass it by itself . That 's when the driver will have to turn off the ball game , put down the iPad or lay away the knife and fork , then take the wheel . But he 'd be ill advised to goof off too much , because two cameras and a sensor under his seat will monitor his activities . Mercedes says that the trucker will still be expected to be responsible for controlling the vehicle . But by then they wo n't be called that anymore . In 2025 , they 'll be promoted to "  transport managers . " Holographic staff and no lost luggage : How you 'll travel in 2024 This helicopter flies itself	Driver can surf the Internet or read while Future Truck 2025 does the work But the trucker is ultimately responsible , and has to pass slow vehicles by hand Mercedes envisions truckers of the futures acting as "  transport managers "
CNN  -- A tractor-trailer crossed the median of an Arizona highway Sunday and slammed into a van driving in the other direction , killing all seven of the van 's passengers , a state public safety spokesman said . The two people in the truck -- the driver and his spouse -- were both injured in the crash and helicoptered to Banner Good Samaritan Hospital in Phoenix , said Officer Carrick R. Cook with the Arizona Department of Public Safety . The woman has a broken back , and she and her husband are both in serious condition , according to the spokesman . The truck had been heading west on Interstate 10 , about 40 miles west of Phoenix , about 11 a.m. when it went across the highway and struck the van , which was going east . Both vehicles went off the right side of the highway after the collision and caught fire , Cook said . Medical examiners are trying to determine the identities of the seven van passengers killed , she added . They are believed to be from western Arizona . The crash caused massive traffic issues , as authorities shut down Interstate 10 eastbound before noon and funneled drivers off the highway . One lane was reopened about 4:30 p.m. , according to the state Department of Transportation 's official Twitter feed . Are you there ? Send us your stories and images . More CNN U.S. news : Gas prices turn upward after long skid Church refuses to marry black couple in Mississippi 2 arrested after more Anaheim protests against police shootings Hyundai recalls more than 220,000 vehicles for potential air bags flaws	Eastbound highway traffic was shut down for four hours after the crash A tractor-trailer was heading west on I-10 when it crossed the divide It struck a van going the opposition way , killing all 7 van passengers , a state official says The truck 's passengers are both in serious condition at a Phoenix hospital , he adds
Washington  CNN  -- Hours before the official announcement that President Barack Obama had landed in Kabul , Afghanistan , for a surprise visit , the media -- both social and electronic -- were already buzzing with reports about the trip . Had he indeed landed in-country ? Was it just a rumor ? Should it be reported anyway ? Some , including those inside the administration , were actively concerned about the safety of the commander in chief as he arrived in a war zone , while others felt any word of the president 's visit was public information and fair game in today 's competitive , instant news cycle . Before the day began , the administration issued what was later revealed to be a fake presidential schedule , having the president and vice president in meetings throughout the day at the White House . Early Tuesday morning , an Afghan official told CNN that the palace staff in Kabul was instructed to go home at noon local time , 3:30 a.m. ET , sparking rumors of a VIP visit to the city . Then , shortly after 9 a.m. ET , Afghanistan-based 24-hour news channel TOLONEWS filed a Twitter post announcing the president 's supposed arrival in Afghanistan .  The tweet has since been deleted from its feed . @TOLOnews "  BREAKING : United States President Barack Obama has arrived in Kabul to meet Afghan President Hamid Karzai . " Minutes later , The Huffington Post 's Joshua Hersh retweeted @TOLOnews with a question : @joshuahersh "  Is this right?RT @TOLOnews BREAKING : United States President Barack Obama has arrived in Kabul to meet Afghan president Hamid Karzai " But , at 9:32 a.m , the U.S. Embassy in Kabul announced via Twitter : @USEmbassyKabul "  Reports that President Obama is in Kabul are false . " That was enough to send the Twitterverse and traditional media buzzing . The New York Post posted a story on its website shortly after 10 a.m. reporting the president was in Afghanistan . "  Obama arrives in Afghanistan report says ; White House denies it , " read the Post 's headline . The story was later removed from the paper 's website . "  Where is Obama , " read a similar headline on The Drudge Report . Many of the publications that posted early reports on the president 's visit later pulled their stories . However , The Drudge Report kept its post up . Early reports often wrong At the time , all those reports were wrong , or at least premature , according to the administration . The White House later reported Air Force One actually landed in Afghanistan at 2 p.m. ET Yes , the president had indeed secretly traveled to Afghanistan , a trip loaded with symbolism on the one-year anniversary of Osama bin Laden 's killing . But virtually all of the major media organizations that were in a position to have known about the trip did not report it until it was officially announced around 3 p.m. ET . The trip took place in the wake of security questions raised last month following a scandal that erupted when several members of a Secret Service advance team in Cartagena , Colombia , solicited prostitutes before the president 's arrival at the Summit of the Americas . And in March , several news outlets , at the White House 's request , removed stories about daughter Malia Obama 's spring break trip to Mexico . But balancing news interests against security interests is nothing new for White House reporters . CNN 's John King , host of "  John King , USA , " said he faced a similar challenge during a trip to Iraq with then-President George W. Bush as he visited newly minted Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki . "  We were told we were not supposed to tell our family , " King told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday . "  We were supposed to tell one or two of our colleagues , meaning our bosses , and to keep it as secret as possible . " A secret rendezvous in the dark of night News organizations who were a part of the traveling press pool covering the president 's surprise Afghanistan visit -- a small group of reporters , producers and photojournalists designated to be the eyes and ears of the White House press corps during such clandestine trips -- were part of the secrecy and complied with the White House 's request to hold off on reporting the information until the president was safely in Kabul , according to White House pool reports . Hours earlier , reporters had secretly gathered at a remote parking area at Joint Base Andrews outside Washington , had all their electronic gear confiscated -- cell phones , laptops , cameras , "  anything that might have tracking software " -- and were driven by bus to a darkened Air Force One waiting in the shadows on the tarmac . After an 11-hour flight , the media -- and the president -- found themselves in a steep descent into Bagram Air Field in Afghanistan , the official modified Boeing 747 still shrouded in darkness . On trips such as these , it is safest for the president to land and takeoff under cover of night . "  We landed at Bagram Airfield at 1020p local and got onto Chinook helicopters that were waiting with rotors spinning , " reported pool producer Richard Coolidge of ABC News . "  The short flight to Kabul was also in blackout -- no use of any flashlights or even phones due to their backlit screens . Pilots and gunners used night vision goggles . " Within hours , Obama and Afghan President Hamid Karzai had signed a Strategic Partnership Agreement , setting the framework for a U.S. military presence in the war-torn nation for the next decade . Then , Obama addressed cheering troops at Bagram , spoke to the nation in a live remote address and was wheels-up , safely clearing Afghan airspace . "  AF1 is blacked out as it was on arrival with shades down . But the increasing light limits the value of that precaution , " reported the press pool . "  We are on AF1 and rolling 425a local 755 pm ET . " Total time on the ground was six hours and five minutes . White House plugging holes The early reports of the president 's Afghanistan trip sent White House National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor scurrying to douse the rumors . According to the website BuzzFeed , that outlet agreed to the White House request and pulled its report after Vietor called around 9:33 a.m. . The New York Post followed suit , removing its story hours later . Vietor did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . "  It was n't that hard a call , " BuzzFeed editor-in-chief Ben Smith told CNN . "  There 's an appropriate tradition of deferring to White House and military requests to delay -- not spike -- a story when they believe people in a war zone could be in danger . " "  And a plane in the air above Afghanistan , the situation , as we later learned , is a pretty clear case of that , " Smith added . "  Vietor 's narrow denial also telegraphed the situation to media watchers paying close attention . " But media experts acknowledge the press has to walk a fine line between the need to get the news out and the safety of the president . Journalists must often ask themselves the question "  what does the public need to know and when do they need to know it , " said Al Tompkins , a senior faculty member at The Poynter Institute for Media Studies , a media training organization in St. Petersburg , Florida . Tompkins said that in the harried and hypercompetitive world of reporting via social media , outlets sometimes reason that a competitor 's scoop signals a green light to rush ahead with news . This is a dangerous precedent when national security is concerned , he said . "  No , you ca n't unring the bell , but you can stop ringing it , " Tompkins said . Halimah Abdullah is a freelance writer based in Washington . CNN 's Tim McCaughan , Nick Paton Walsh and Bryan Monroe contributed to this report	Early reports had Obama on the ground in Afghanistan before he actually was Reporters were involved in the effort to keep the trip secret Concerns about safety fueled White House efforts to squash early rumors on web , Twitter
CNN  If marrying design and engineering is a fine art , then who better for the job than sailing 's answer to "  David Hockney with an iPad ? " Like Hockney , this is man whose canvas is a tablet . His subject ? Ultra-slick , quick racing boats . Dirk Kramers , who counts Ted Turner among his former employers , has been tasked with designing a vessel capable of winning the 2017 America 's Cup -- sailing 's most prestigious race . His new boss is a man who knows a thing or two about winning , multiple Olympic champion Ben Ainslie . The knight of the realm is behind a bold bid to bring the Auld Mug to British shores for the first time . The competition is still two years away but at the temporary home of Ben Ainslie Racing HQ on an industrial estate just outside Portsmouth , they are plotting victory . "  Everyone wants to see the champagne flying at the finish -- that 's the sound bites and visual bites that people live for , " Kramers told CNN . "  But the main chapters of this are being written now . The America 's Cup is being won now . " BAR 's temporary base -- they will relocate to a bigger headquarters next May on Portsmouth 's waterfront -- gives little indication of the expertise at work with its white , spartan interior . Inside there are decades worth of experience among the 55-strong workforce , which will rise to near 100 by the time of the Cup . Money and cutting-edge technology are key to this operation but , for Kramers , who modestly downplays himself as "  the old guy on the team " , the most valuable ingredient is far more simplistic . "  Most of the time it 's not the biggest spender that wins , " says the American . "  The most expensive commodity is time . You 're always learning and it 's the person that learns the most that will have the fastest boat . " With every minute precious in the countdown to the big race , no wonder the pictorial greeting on the first flight of stairs from the entrance for any visitor to Team HQ is a quote from Muhammad Ali : "  Do n't count the days , make the days count . " "  In terms of setting structure and design philosophy , that happens now , " says Ainslie as he reflects on the process of filling key management roles before steadily expanding the sailing , design and on-shore workforce . "  If we get this bit wrong , we 'll never recover . And unfortunately until we 're on the start line , we wo n't know for sure how we 've done . " Ainslie 's first call was to Andy Claughton , the team 's technical director . In Formula One terms , he is like an Adrian Newey , who has since signed up to the BAR project , to a Sebastian Vettel during their time together at Red Bull . Claughton competed in the same era as Ainslie 's coach Sid Howlett and has been involved in America 's Cup racing since 1983 . He and Ainslie got to know each other during the 2007 America 's Cup when Ainslie was part of the Team New Zealand set-up . A keen engineer for as long as he can remember , Claughton likens the project to , "  a Mecano set -- you have to make sure you pick all the right bits . " But , because of the sheer numbers involved , he admits "  it 's like playing rugby with 100 players . " Fortunately for Claughton , it 's not a case of starting from scratch . "  The thing is that someone 's always done something similar before so there are rules of thumb , " he explains . "  A lot of projects are n't rocket science . We 're not going to invent some new technology that will win us the Cup . What we will do is reassemble existing technology that can help us . " That starts with the simplicity of a Kramers sketch either on paper or more often an iPad , which he started to use to share his ideas more easily with his colleagues . This is then fed into a 3D computer model overseen by Francesco Azevedo . Portugal 's Azevedo is one of 11 nationalities currently represented on the design team , which also prides itself on a "  best of British " approach . A rarity on the team as an America 's Cup debutant , the former architect explains : "  I try to model the ideas from everybody and try to make it as a 3D model so everyone can sit around and discuss . "  Everyone feeds it into me and I try to give everyone feedback because sometimes ideas clash and you can not physically fit them together so I try to come up with solutions and present solutions to everybody else and say ` this idea did n't really work - what about this ? ' " How versatile the team can be with their design is curtailed by the America 's Cup rule book . For example , it tells you the boat must have two hulls a certain length apart and be of a certain length and width . "  Under the rules , it quickly becomes clearer in a picture what the boat looks like , " adds Claughton . "  To the naked eye , all the boats will look similar . The disparity will come as these boats are fantastically difficult to sail . There 's lots of opportunity to do things well and badly . " The designers may use a wind tunnel to test a certain part but the computational tools at their disposal are so accurate it is not always required . So once sent through the 3D model , individual parts are sent to an external supplier with the touch of a button and , as Claughton says , "  it turns up in a box at the end of the week . " Deciding how long to spend designing products while also minimizing manufacturing time is a balancing act . The first testing boat  T1  is already out on the water , T2 is expected to be fully operational in May while the eventual boat on which Ainslie and his team will race for the Cup is set to be finalized in design terms by the end of next year 's sailing season . "  There is an end point and that 's the $ 64,000 question when that is , " explains Claughton . "  You 're balancing pushing the design time but also the amount of time the guys can spend on the water . " A myriad of different organizations are on board with Ainslie 's team from the British Ministry of Defence to big players in aerospace and engineering company Prodrive , which boasts a rich motorsport history . And while the majority of the staff have been picked for their America 's Cup pedigree , others have been headhunted from elsewhere . James Roche is the boyfriend of British Olympic skeleton gold medallist Lizzy Yarnold and previously worked at UK Sport and latterly McLaren Applied Technologies . He helped design the sleds that Yarnold and , before her , Amy Williams , drove to Olympic glory . His role at Ben Ainslie Racing is simulation support and the once budding sailor is adamant his skills translate from ice to water . "  It 's engineering and optimization and working with athletes with equipment so there are a lot of parallels , " he says . His job is to work on performance prediction programs and writing code to foresee how the boat will behave and react with sailors and new equipment . But for all the brains and cutting-edge technology behind it , there is no guarantee this $ 130 million project will ultimately prove successful . "  That 's the elephant in the room , " admits Claughton , though the buzz through the open-plan office suggests a team brimming with confidence that it is currently on the right path . Ultimately , Ainslie is a fiercely determined sailor and he is adamant the team can "  bring back the Cup to Britain " for the first time in the event 's history . Time will tell .	We go inside Ben Ainslie Racing HQ to find out how exactly an America 's Cup boat is built The $ 130m project currently has a workforce of 55 which is set to grow to 100 by the Cup Technical director Andy Claughton likens it to a Mecano set , slotting pieces together
Washington  CNN  -- James Clapper was confirmed unanimously by the Senate Thursday night to be the nation 's next intelligence chief . Clapper , tapped by President Obama for the Director of National Intelligence job , will oversee the nation 's 16 spy agencies . He will be the fourth person in the position since it was created five years ago . He succeeds Dennis Blair , who was pressured to resign because of differences with the White House over the scope of his role and turf battles with the CIA director . The Senate vote came before the Senate 's August recess and several days after Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said he would hold up the confirmation process until he received a report he had requested . "  This is good news because to have left this key position vacant could well have damaged our national security , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee . Clapper is a retired Air Force lieutenant general who has spent most of his career in the intelligence community . He served as the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency and the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency . He is currently the Defense Department 's chief intelligence officer . "  General Clapper has excellent credentials , and the support of the White House and key intelligence leaders , " Feinstein , D-California , said in a statement released after the vote . "  He is mindful of the importance of independence from the Pentagon , he understands the DNI 's responsibility to provide strategic intelligence to policymakers , and he knows that the job entails more than simple coordination . " Acting Director of National Intelligence David Gompert said in a statement after the vote that Clapper was the right person for the job . "  As we face evolving security threats and continue to build an integrated intelligence enterprise , the intelligence community and the nation are extremely fortunate to have such a distinguished leader at the helm , " he said . During his recent confirmation hearing , Clapper said he would n't agree to take the job if he thought he "  was going to be a titular figurehead or hood ornament . " A number of senators had questioned whether the DNI had enough authority to get the job done . Clapper said he did not need any new authority to oversee the 16 intelligence agencies and offices . "  With all of the discussion about the lack of authority , of the perceived weakness of the office of director of national intelligence , I believe it already does have considerable authority , either explicit in the law ... or implicit that can be exerted , " Clapper said . He vowed to "  push the envelope " to be successful in the job . The office of DNI was established by Congress in the aftermath of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks to help improve the coordination of the intelligence community and to correct deficiencies in information-sharing among its members . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	The vote comes before the Senate 's August recess Clapper , a retired Air Force lieutenant general , is the fourth person in the position He succeeds Dennis Blair , who was pressured to resign because of difference with the White House
CNN  -- Christians celebrated Easter around the world Sunday , but with reminders of violence and politics . In his second Easter message since becoming pontiff , Pope Francis prayed for an end to conflicts in Iraq , Israel , the Central African Republic , Nigeria , South Sudan , Venezuela and Ukraine . He delivered his speech from the central balcony of Saint Peter 's Basilica . "  We pray in a particular way for Syria , that all those suffering the effects of the conflict can receive needed humanitarian aid and that neither side will again use deadly force , especially against the defenseless civil population , but instead boldly negotiate the peace long awaited and long overdue , " the pope said . Jerusalem : Tight security Security was tight in Jerusalem on Sunday , a day afater tensions escalated when Israeli security forces halted Palestinian Christians who took part in a pre-Easter procession in the Old City . Robert Serry , the U.N. special coordinator for the Middle East peace process , was among the group trying to walk together on what was Holy Saturday . "  I call on all parties to respect the right of religious freedom , granting access to holy sites for worshippers of all faiths and refraining from provocations , not least during the religious holidays , " Serry said . But Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor called the incident a "  non-event . " He told the Jerusalem Post that police were trying to limit the number of those packed into the church and the narrow streets around it . Boston : A blessing before the marathon In the United States , Cardinal Sean O'Malley will offer a blessing for runners in the Boston Marathon at the end of Easter Sunday Mass at the Cathedral , CNN affiliate WJAR-TV said . Though an annual part of the race buildup , the Cardinal 's blessing will have extra meaning this year . The city is marking the one-year anniversary of the bombings that killed three people and wounded at least 264 others . This year 's marathon is Monday . Other Boston churches will offer special blessings . British royals , Obama celebrate Easter Queen Elizabeth II will attend Easter Mass at St. George 's Chapel at Windsor Castle . Meanwhile , on the other side of the planet , the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge continue their tour of Australia . President Obama wished the American people a happy Easter on Saturday in his weekly address . "  For me , Easter is a story of hope -- a belief in a better day to come , just around the bend , " he said . "  So to all Christians who are celebrating , from my family to yours , Happy Easter . And to every American , have a joyful weekend . " He celebrated Passover earlier this week with the fifth Seder at the White House . Obama is the first president to host a Seder dinner while in office .	Pope Francis prays for peace in Syria , Ukraine , other spots A procession of Palestinian Christians was halted in Jerusalem Israel describes the incident as a "  non-event " Boston : Special prayers mark one year after marathon bombings
Midland City , Alabama  CNN  -- A memorial service was held in southeastern Alabama on Sunday for a school bus driver hailed as a hero . Charles Albert Poland Jr. , 66 , was killed last week when he tried to shield children from a gunman , who authorities say boarded a bus , shot Poland and grabbed a 5-year-old boy . The suspect and the child remained barricaded in an underground bunker in Midland City on Sunday , as the standoff stretched into its sixth day . "  I 'm sad to see you gone . You did n't deserve to die , but you died knowing you kept everyone safe , " read a letter from a student . Donny Bynum , the superintendent of Dale County schools , read the letter and several others at Poland 's service , which was held at the Ozark Civic Center . "  Being on your bus has been some of the best times of my life , " said a second letter . "  I will miss your big , smiling face , " read a third . Poland was remembered as a loving husband , father and "  paw-paw , " who would do anything for his grandchildren . He was the type who brought students ice water on hot days . According to authorities and witnesses , on Tuesday at about 3:40 p.m. , Poland was shuttling children from school to their homes when he dropped students off and the suspect boarded the bus . The gunman demanded that Poland hand over two children . Poland refused , blocking access to the bus 's narrow aisle as at least 21 children escaped out of the back emergency door , authorities said . The gunman shot Poland four times , killing him , grabbed the kindergartener and then barricaded the himself and the boy inside a nearby bunker . "  Charles Albert Poland was a hero , " Bynum said . Read more : Late Alabama bus driver called a hero Hot Wheels and Cheez-Its The suspect in the case has been identified as 65-year-old Jimmy Lee Dykes , who has been described by neighbors and officials as a survivalist with "  anti-government " views . Authorities have said little about what , if any , demands have been made by Dykes . They said there is no connection between the suspect and the child . "  We continue to maintain an open line of communication with Mr. Dykes . He continues to make the environment as comfortable as possible for the child , " according to a statement Sunday from FBI spokesman Paul Bresson . The statement was released after authorities postponed a news conference . "  Throughout the day , Mr. Dykes has continued to allow us to deliver food , medicine and comfort items to the child . Some of those items we have delivered include a red Hot Wheels car and some Cheezits crackers , " Bresson said . The 5-year-old suffers from Asperger 's syndrome and attention deficit disorder , said State . Rep. Steve Clouse . Dykes has told authorities he has blankets and a heater in the bunker , and authorities have previously said the bunker -- built 4 feet underground -- has electricity . Negotiations are being carried out between the suspect and authorities through a 60-foot plastic ventilation pipe that leads from the bunker , authorities said . It 's unclear whether Dykes has access to news reports about the standoff . "  Our mission is to resolve this situation peacefully for both the child and Mr. Dykes , " Bresson stressed in his statement . Standoff a focal point The standoff has become a focal point for the people of Midland City , a town of about 2,300 northwest of Dothan . Signs posted around the town and at the church urge people to pray for the boy . During a vigil Saturday outside the town hall , Michelle Riley called on Dykes to release the boy . "  He just needs to know that ... everybody makes mistakes , " she said . "  Everybody 's been through life events that changes them , but  the boy is  innocent . You know , let him go home to his mother . Let him go home to his grandparents . Let him come out to the community . Let him go back to school and be with his friends . " CNN 's Vivian Kuo reported from Midland City and Dana Ford wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and George Howell contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Our mission is to resolve this situation peacefully , " says spokesman Charles Poland Jr. was killed when he tried to shield children from a gunman Police say the gunman boarded a bus , killed Poland and grabbed a boy The suspect is holding the 5-year-old hostage in an underground bunker
CNN Student News  -- April 13 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Japan • Chernobyl • Washington , D.C. Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : To our Facebook fans in Kansas , Ohio , Illinois , Pennsylvania and to everyone who 's watching us around the world , welcome to CNN Student News . From the CNN Center in Atlanta , Georgia , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Japan Nuclear Crisis AZUZ : First up , Japan 's prime minister wants some answers from the company that runs the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . Specifically , the prime minister wants to know when the crisis at the plant is going to be over . He 's looking for a timetable from the Tokyo Electric Power Company , and he says one should be coming soon . He 's also promised to get this crisis under control "  at all costs . " In the meantime , the Japanese government has classified the situation at the Fukushima plant as a level 7 . That means it is among the most serious nuclear accidents ever . That rating is based on how much radiation has been released from the plant , and it means officials expect long-term efforts to deal with all the issues caused by this accident . Thousands of people have had to leave the region around the plant . The prime minister promised to help them find jobs , housing and education . What 's happening in Japan has some people remembering another nuclear accident that took place nearly 25 years ago . It was a meltdown at Chernobyl nuclear plant in the former Soviet Union . Diana Magnay looks at the long-lasting effects of the worst nuclear accident in history . BEGIN VIDEO DIANA MAGNAY , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : We 're driving through the exclusion zone en route to Chernobyl . It does n't feel like a place where the world 's worst-ever nuclear accident happened almost 25 years ago . The sun lends a wintry charm to the derelict homes we passed . In all , nearly 350,000 people were forced to abandon their homes as a radioactive cloud blew over Ukraine , Belarus and Russia . This village is called Zalissya in Ukrainian , which literally means "  behind the forest . " But as you can see now , it has been completely consumed by the forest . And when the villages were evacuated about ten days after the accident took place , they thought that they 'd be able to come back here , that this village would be inhabitable again . But as you can see , that was n't to be the case . So , this is the memorial . How many people died immediately after the accident ? YURI TATARCHUK , CHERNOBYL GUIDE : Answer , about 30 people in one month died overall . Highly radiated . MAGNAY : Yuri Tatarchuk , who 's our certified guide from Ukraine 's ministry of emergencies , says the final death toll from the nuclear fallout is impossible to calculate , but that it 's less than people feared . Estimates from the International Atomic Energy Agency put the number at 4,000 . But the World Health Organization points to 4,000 incidents of thyroid cancer among children from the affected areas . TATARCHUK : So now , it 's 8.7 , 9 microsieverts . MAGNAY : Radiation 's not down to normal , but Tatarchuk says it 's not a health risk if you 're just here for the day . TATARCHUK : We 're staying here just minutes , but it 's not so sure if such levels of radiation inhabiting here is not allowed . MAGNAY : We 're not the only visitors . A Russian tour group picked their way through frozen tower blocks in nearby Pripyat . The town was evacuated the day after reactor number four exploded , before the Soviet Union admitted it had a serious problem in one of its nuclear plants . This year , the government will remove restrictions to the exclusion zone , turning these Soviet ghost towns into a tourist destination , a chance for people to see for themselves the relics of a nuclear catastrophe frozen in time . Diana Magnay , CNN , Pripyat , Ukraine . END VIDEO What 's the Word TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the word ? When a government spends more money than it takes in , the difference is called a _____ ? DEFICIT That 's the word ! Budget Battle AZUZ : In March , the U.S. federal deficit was $ 188 billion . President Obama and Congress are looking at ways to reduce that deficit . Republicans laid out some ideas last week . The president is scheduled to outline his plan in a speech later today . In more immediate budget news , though , we 're getting some details about the spending cuts that could be voted on this week . This is part of the deal that helped avoid the government shutdown last week . $ 38.5 billion in cuts would affect programs from the Transportation , Education , Labor , and Health and Human Services departments . Of course , Congress has to pass that deal before any of it would happen , and votes are scheduled for later this week . Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to the social studies students and teachers at Salisbury High School in Salisbury , North Carolina ! Which space shuttle went into orbit first ? Here we go ! Was it : A  Atlantis , B  Columbia , C  Discovery or D  Endeavour ? Start the countdown at three seconds -- and GO ! Columbia was the first shuttle to launch into orbit . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Retiring Shuttles AZUZ : The launch happened exactly 30 years ago this week . And in honor of the anniversary , NASA is announcing where the shuttle fleet is going to spend its retirement . You 'll be able to visit Atlantis at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida and Endeavour at a science center in Los Angeles . Discovery is headed to the Smithsonian in Washington . And Enterprise -- a shuttle that never actually went into space -- will be on display at a museum in New York . The 30th anniversary of Columbia 's first flight was also the 50th anniverary of a major milestone for the Russian space program . Matthew Chance has more on that celebration . BEGIN VIDEO MATTHEW CHANCE , CNN SENIOR INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT , MOSCOW : It was perhaps the greatest journey one man has ever taken . Propelled 50 years ago into space on a Soviet rocket , Yuri Gagarin made the first ever orbit of the Earth . For 108 minutes , he was crammed inside his tiny capsule , giving the world a vivid commentary of the planet far below . YURI GAGARIN , SOVIET COSMONAUT -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : I am continuing the flight . The overload is somewhat increasing , as well as the vibration . But I am feeling well , and I 'm in great spirits . I can see the Earth and can distinguish the features of its terrain . CHANCE : Well , this is just a replica of the actual Vostok capsule in which Yuri Gagarin made that first historic flight . For some reason , the original is kept in the museum of a state corporation and is n't on general public view . But this space exhibition in Moscow is filled with originals , including a number of contemporaries of Yuri Gagarin himself . Men like Alexei Leonov , the first Soviet cosmonaut to conduct a spacewalk , here to celebrate the achievements of 50 years ago . ALEXEI LEONOV , RUSSIAN COSMONAUT -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : In the past , we used to make a point of whether he or she was an American or a Russian or whatnot . In my view , if we do n't remember what happened 50 years ago , we will forget everything in 100 years . CHANCE : At the height of the Cold War , Gagarin 's success was a high-profile victory over the United States , seen as evidence of Soviet domination in the space race . He was dispatched overseas in what the Kremlin called "  missions of peace . " It made him a global icon . And his flight on April 12 , 1961 also led president John F. Kennedy to declare that America would put a man on the moon by 1970 . Today , American astronauts are ready to acknowledge Gagarin 's pioneering mission . THOMAS STAFFORD , U.S. ASTRONAUT : Well , there always has to be a first  inaudible  . And at the time , you know , there was a big competition  inaudible  . I will say here today , without Yuri Gagarin 's flight , I probably would not have flown to the moon . CHANCE : Everybody 's friends now . STAFFORD : Oh , yes . CHANCE : Gagarin did n't live to witness the hundreds who 've journeyed to space since his first flight . He was killed in 1968 in a plane crash . But an untimely death has only added to the mythical status of the first man in space . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , do you remember the states we mentioned at the beginning of today 's show ? You would if you were in this competition . It 's the U.S. Memory Championship ; we 're talking mental muscle . The tournament involves memorizing names , faces and numbers . For one round , you have to memorize the order of a shuffled deck of playing cards . This year 's champion took home the title -- and broke two U.S. records along the way -- last month in New York . Goodbye AZUZ : We were going to tell you about it then , but then we , uh , forgot . We hope you remember to tune in for more CNN Student News tomorrow . We 'll see you then .	Witness the long-term effects of the world 's worst nuclear accident Hear which U.S. government departments could be affected by spending cuts Celebrate the 50th anniversary of the first person to travel into space Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
The offensive against Islamist militants in northern Mali gained further ground Monday as French and Malian forces reportedly took control of the airport in the ancient city of Timbuktu . The Islamists , who have controlled northern Mali for months , were reported to be fleeing Timbuktu , Mali 's traditional cultural center , to the city of Kidal , more than 500 kilometers  300 miles  to the northeast . Timbuktu is a UNESCO World Heritage site of huge historical significance , but in recent times its carefully preserved heritage has come under severe threat amid ongoing conflict . In mid-January , following France 's intervention to halt the advance of Islamist fighters in the West African country , UNESCO issued calls for the protection of the fabled city , urging armed forces to safeguard the nation 's historic and religious landmarks . See also : ` Why Africa backs French in Mali ' "  I ask all armed forces to make every effort to protect the cultural heritage of the country , which has already been severely damaged , " said Irina Bokova , the U.N. agency 's director-general . To the distant Western traveler , Timbuktu has for centuries conjured images of mystery and wonder , a remote Shangri-La whose tantalizing riches and intellectual wealth lured the brave and adventurous . The city partly owes its near-mythical status to its forbidding location ; sitting on the southern edge of the Sahara , Timbuktu became synonymous in the West with the farthest place someone can travel . Founded by nomads around the 12th century , the desert city 's golden era came during the medieval years when it became a flourishing commercial town in the lucrative trans-Saharan gold and salt trade , as well as a major educational and spiritual center . Although Timbuktu 's wealth has declined sharply since then , its rich cultural legacy has stood the test of time . The city boasts an impressive array of ancient monuments and priceless artefacts , including its striking earthen mosques -- made from mud and wood -- and a vast trove of scholarly manuscripts held in public and private collections . Historically , Timbuktu has been a major hub for the diffusion of Islam in West Africa . Scholars from around the Islamic world traveled to the oasis city to study at the prestigious University of Sankore , which had some 25,000 students and 180 Koranic schools in its heyday . Mali was often hailed as one of the most successful democracies in West Africa until a coup toppled the president last year , leading al Qaeda-linked Islamists to capitalize on the chaos and establish themselves in the northern part of the country . In these areas , they applied a strict interpretation of Sharia law by banning music , smoking , drinking and watching sports on TV . See also : Broken limbs , torn lives in northern Mali Amid international outrage , they also repeatedly targeted Timbuktu 's ancient burial sites . Islamist militants regard such shrines as idolatrous and thus prohibited by their religion . Last June , UNESCO placed the iconic city on its list of endangered world heritage sites after the Islamist militants controlling the area destroyed many of its treasured tombs and shrines . In October 2012 , Timbuktu residents told CNN that Islamist fighters had attacked more mausoleums . "  After the attack , the Islamists told the people that worshiping saints is not right , according to their form of Islam , and the destruction was necessary , " said Ibrahim Ag Mohamed , a local guide . See also : ` Timbuktu tomb attack is an attack on our humanity ' Earlier this month Bokova sent a letter to French and Malian authorities calling on them to respect the Hague Convention of 1954 for the Protection of Cultural Property that prohibits "  exposing  cultural  property to destruction or damage , " and calls for "  refraining from any act of hostility , directed against such property . " She added : "  Mali 's cultural heritage is a jewel whose protection is important for the whole of humanity . This is our common heritage , nothing can justify damaging it . It carries the identity and values of a people . "  The destruction of World Heritage sites in Mali in 2012 , especially the mausoleums in Timbuktu , sparked a wave of indignation across the world , helping to raise awareness of the critical situation facing the Malian people . The current military intervention must protect people and secure the cultural heritage of Mali . " In an opinion piece written for CNN in July , Bokova said the destruction of Timbuktu 's ancient shrines added a moral and cultural crisis to a desperate humanitarian situation . "  The International Criminal Court calls this a war crime . We call it an attack against humanity . This is an attempt to isolate and exclude , to sever the ties that bind peoples together , " she added .	French forces are fighting the remaining Islamists in Timbuktu , Mali Timbuktu is a UNESCO World Heritage site of huge cultural significance Islamists have repeatedly targeted Timbuktu 's ancient burial sites UNESCO has called for the protection of the ancient city of Timbuktu
CNN  -- AC Milan have swooped to sign Standard Liege defender Oguchi Onyewu on a three-year contract -- making him the first American to appear in Serie A since Alexi Lalas in 1996 . Onyewu will become the first American since Alexi Lalas to appear in Italian Serie A after joining AC Milan . Onyewu , who has also played in the English Premier League with Newcastle United , has moved to the San Siro on a free transfer after impressing with some superb displays during the United States ' run to the Confederations Cup final . The 27-year-old has played 38 times for his country , scoring five goals.Latest transfer gossip and rumors "  This transaction shows once again the excellent friendly relationship between our club and Belgian club Standard Liege , particularly their executive vice-president Luciano D'Onofrio , " said a statement on Milan 's official Web site . The six-foot four-inch player was born in Washington DC to Nigerian parents but began his club career at Metz in France in 2002 . He was loaned out to La Louviere in Belgium in 2003 and his form there earnt him a move to Liege , where he won two Belgian titles . He then joined Newcastle on loan , playing 11 league matches . However , the transfer is unlikely to appease the Milan supporters who are unhappy with the summer sale of Brazilian superstar Kaka to Real Madrid -- and the departure of coach Carlo Ancelotti to Chelsea . About 300 fans protested outside the club 's Milanello base on the first day of pre-season training on Monday , complaining at the lack of big name signings .	AC Milan swoop to sign up American international defender Oguchi Onyewu The 27-year-old joins from Belgians Standard Liege on a three-year contract Onyewu is the first American to appear in Serie A since Alexi Lalas in the 90s
Dublin , Ireland  CNN  -- Ireland and the European Union are engaged in a strange and increasingly public tug of war . Dublin has been adamant that it does n't need money from abroad to stay afloat despite a crisis in its banking sector . However , the republic 's central bank governor admitted Thursday that the country was likely to accept a loan from the European Union and International Monetary Fund . Speaking on the phone from Frankfurt , Ireland 's Central Bank governor Patrick Honohan told Irish broadcaster RTE that a loan worth "  tens of billions of euros " is "  definitely likely to happen . " "  Market conditions have not allowed us to go ahead without seeking the support of our international collaborators so that is what 's ahead , " he said , ahead of high-level talks between the Irish government and the IMF and ECB talks in Dublin Thursday . They are there to investigate what aid , if any , is needed and whether all that is required is a loan guarantee . So it 's a loan , not a bailout ? The central bank governor was very specific in his terminology . "  When you are talking about the IMF , the IMF talks about loans -- not bailouts . Loans get repaid so there has n't been a bailout from the IMF . Shareholders in the IMF -- which are governments -- get their return on the money that they have advanced to the IMF , " Honohan said . Before Honohan 's statement , all talk was about the pressure the European Union was putting on Ireland to accept a rescue package as the euro took a battering on contagion fears . The worry was -- and still is -- that Ireland 's problems could exert further pressure on other ailing countries , namely Portugal and Spain , which are already struggling to pay their debuts . Relief in Ireland would bring yields on Portuguese and Spanish government bonds back to normal levels would mean they pay less on interest and more , hopefully , toward reducing their own deficits . IHS Global Insight estimates banking-related costs will eventually mount to some 30 percent of Irish GDP . "  On a banking crisis ` Richter scale ' this is a ` very severe crisis ' of about seven to eight out of 12 , " director of sovereign risk Jan Randolph said in a briefing note . For comparison , that is less severe than the Iceland banking crisis  10 to 12  , but more serious than the banking tremors in the UK and the U.S.  four to five  . So why was Ireland resisting aid ? As recently as Wednesday , Ireland 's finance minister Brian Lenihan was insisting that the country 's banks had "  no funding difficulties . " By Thursday , he was being quoted as saying that a substantial contingency fund from the EU and IMF would be a "  very desirable outcome . " The government has resisted the idea of a financial aid package because it would inevitably come with strings attached . The country 's low 12.5 percent corporation tax rate was a point of contention . Ireland has said the tax is "  non-negotiable " despite complaints from other EU members that the tax gives the country and an unfair advantage when it comes to attracting business . Ireland 's 2011 budget is due out on December 7 and the government has been keen to stress that it will include sufficient spending cuts to get the country back in shape without outside help . How did Ireland get into this mess ? Ireland recorded stunning economic growth during what is known as the "  Celtic Tiger " era from around 1993 to 2007 when the global financial crisis hit . Irish banks , like others around the world , loaned money to people who in some cases could n't pay it back . Cheap loans created extra demand for housing and as prices surged the construction industry raced to build more . "  The building frenzy was , in reality , driven by the ambitions and actions of developers and speculators , supported by banks hungry for quick profits , pro-growth local authorities afraid to be left behind , and a government greedy for the indirect , cyclic taxes the construction sector generated , " according to a recent report from the National Institute for Regional and Spatial Analysis  NIRSA  . According to central bank figures released on November 17 , the number of mortgage loans in arrears has jumped by 11 percent since the end of June . At the end of September , more than 40,000 mortgage loans had been in arrears for more than 90 days . Combined , the mortgage loans are worth $ 7.8 billion  $ 10.6 B  . CNN 's Hilary Whiteman contributed to this report .	Ireland bailed out its struggling banks , putting the government under intense budget pressure Central bank governor says an EU-IMF loan is "  definitely likely " Dublin reluctant to call the loan a "  bail-out " Problems caused by cheap loans which fueled demand for housing
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  Jaquita Gonzales still tries to call her husband on his cellphone . A pair of work shoes still sits outside the front door of their home in Kuala Lumpur waiting to be reclaimed . His uniform still hangs in a cupboard . Twelve months after Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 vanished without a trace , Gonzales has n't given up hope . She ca n't . Neither can her children , other family members and friends . Not until there is some conclusive evidence on the fate of the airliner -- one way or another . "  Now and then , every once in a while I call his phone and it goes to voicemail , " she says . "  You never know , he might pick it up , or someone who has them would let them have the phone and you know , the hope is still there . " She 's not alone . Families of victims we spoke to hold on to the slimmest belief that MH370 , which disappeared barely an hour into its flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8 last year , did not crash and that the 239 passengers and crew on board are alive . "  No evidence means there is still a little bit of hope . We tap into that hope in order to go on day by day , " says Gonzales . But she lives a life in limbo . Neither able to move on , nor go back . Her comfortable home in the suburbs of Malaysia 's capital remains virtually the same since her husband of nearly 30 years , Patrick Gomes , left for work on the evening of March 7 as lead purser on the MH370 red-eye bound for the Chinese capital . The only real sign that time has moved on , amid the family photos and plaques celebrating her husband 's work achievements is a newspaper on top of a stack in the living room with the word "  LOST " splashed across its front page . Gonzales ' lifeline , apart from family , is her work . She runs a private school and daycare center for about 70 children and spends about 12 hours a day there . Keeping busy , she says , keeps her sane . But not a day goes by without her thinking of Patrick . "  I can be driving and I just have to pull off the road and weep . Everywhere I go I see Patrick , " she says . "  In our home , with my children , with our friends . There are so many times around the home when I say Patrick you are supposed to be doing this for me , where are you . He helped me with ironing , with cooking . " Like Gonzales , many other families CNN has spoken to say they live in hope that their loved one are still alive even though it seems now a virtual impossibility . But along with hope and the pain , many families also share a deep anger . Anger at the Malaysian authorities and Malaysia Airlines who , Gonzales says , are ignoring them . Requests for information are unanswered and attempts to talk to key officials are rebuffed , she says . Grace Nathan 's mother was on MH370 . For almost a year she and her family grieved in private . But now she has gone public after what she describes as the Malaysian authorities continued "  mishandling " of the disappearance . "  There is a lack of transparency , a lack of communications between us and the relevant authorities , ' she says . "  Whenever we 've written to them or asked them for answers they have never replied . "  It 's not like they have n't learned . I would put it that they just do n't care . They just want to move on . They do n't really care about what we feel or what we have to say . " One recent decision by Malaysian authorities has caused bitter resentment among many families . In late January , the government televised a pre-recorded announcement from the civil aviation chief that the passengers and crew of MH370 were "  presumed lost " after the plane crashed as a result of an accident . Families were not been given any advance warning of the announcement and , even though it clears the way for compensation claims , they say there is just no evidence to support the statement . It also came just before Chinese New Year , a time of celebration . More than 150 passengers on the flight were Chinese nationals . To add insult to injury , families say , the government had planned to make the announcement at a press conference but canceled the briefing when next-of-kin rushed to the venue . Nathan says she only heard that the government was planning to make the statement when local media rang her . "  They rang to say ` can we come and record your reaction when this declaration is made ? ' Our reaction was ` what declaration ? ' We did n't know anything about it . "  I have n't spoken to the media at all since the accident happened but after that treatment I decided it was time that we said something . It was a group decision that we speak to the media because  the authorities  never respond to anything we write to them or ask them about , " she adds . CNN contacted both the Malaysian Government and Malaysia Airlines for a response to the families ' claims , but did not receive an answer . For relatives like Gonzales and Nathan , each day is a struggle , a struggle to stop being overwhelmed by memories . "  I am just going through the motions , ' says Grace . "  I am dead inside , I have stopped being happy . Every day basically I just force myself to get through the day . "	Jaquita Gonzales ' husband was a member of the cabin crew on board MH370 She says she 's unable to move on until she knows what happened to plane She 's one of many relatives of passengers who are angry with how authorities have treated them
CNN  -- Inspired by a CNN Hero and want to help ? You can make a tax-deductible donation to any of the top 10 Heroes through Google . The Heroes ' nonprofits will receive 100 % of the funds , and all transaction fees will be waived . To learn more about each nonprofit and their causes , here are the top 10 Heroes in alphabetical order : Eddie Canales Nonprofit : Gridiron Heroes What it does : Provides emotional and financial support to high school football players who 've sustained life-changing spinal cord injuries Eddie says : "  Gridiron Heroes is not about deterring anyone from playing football . ...  But  these kids need help , and the families need help . " Exploring the issue : When a high school athlete gets seriously hurt , the pain is n't just physical . There are also emotional and financial consequences . Donate to Gridiron Heroes Taryn Davis Nonprofit : American Widow Project What it does : Connects military widows online and in person , providing a network of support and inspiration Taryn says : "  Our main form of communication with our husbands  was  Skype and Facebook . The Internet ... it 's a safe haven , in a way . ... It lets  the widows participate  at their own pace . ... It allows other women who maybe are kind of afraid to step forward ...  to  be like ... ` You know , they look like me . ' " Exploring the issue : It 's not just widows who need support . The changing landscape of the U.S. military has created a tiny fraternity of men : the widowers of war . Donate to American Widow Project Sal Dimiceli Nonprofit : The Time Is Now to Help What it does : Provides personalized assistance , whether it be groceries , rent money or other necessities , to people who need help getting back on their feet Sal says : "  With this recession right now , there are a lot of people in extreme desperate need . People who are homeless , we 'll help them get shelter ; people who are hungry , we 're going to feed them ; people who have utilities off , we 're going to turn them on ; people that need transportation , we 'll help fix their cars . " Exploring the issue : About 46.2 million Americans are considered in poverty , 2.6 million more than last year . Donate to The Time Is Now to Help Derreck Kayongo Nonprofit : Global Soap Project What it does : Collects partially used hotel soap in the United States , reprocesses it and then sends it abroad to save lives in impoverished countries Derreck says : "  Because of our work , this world is going to be a better place than we found it -- with no soap being thrown away and with no child or woman ... or any vulnerable populous left without a bar of soap to fend off disease . " Exploring the issue : In developing countries around the world , millions of children lack access to soap and clean water . Donate to Global Soap Project Diane Latiker Nonprofit : Kids Off the Block What it does : Gives young people in Chicago a place to hang out and learn valuable life skills so they can stay off the streets and away from rampant gang violence Diane says : "  What I want people to know is that the work that I and so many others do can literally be the difference between life and death for a generation that seems to have lost all hope . ... If I can make a change in a generation , then my community 's going to get better -- because they 're going to be the ones that take it over . " Exploring the issue : In several cities around the world , streetwise "  interrupters " are trying to stop teen violence before it starts . Donate to Kids Off the Block Robin Lim Nonprofit : Yayasan Bumi Sehat What it does : Offers free prenatal care , birthing services and medical aid to low-income women in Indonesia Robin says : "  Because the cost of childbirth often exhausts the family 's income , the poor and even the middle-income people of the world find themselves in a downward spiral of suffering and loss , just when they should be celebrating the births of their babies . " Exploring the issue : Many women in the developing world do not have access to contraception or maternal care . Donate to Yayasan Bumi Sehat Patrice Millet Nonprofit : FONDAPS youth soccer program What it does : Provides free equipment , coaching and food to hundreds of poor Haitian children and teaches them to become responsible citizens Patrice says : "  When you live in the ghetto , you do n't see the world outside . I try to bring hope for them ... to show them that  their  life is not only the reality . " Exploring the issue : Malnutrition is a major problem in Haiti , but ready-to-use therapeutic foods are helping children recover faster . Donate to FONDAPS Bruno Serato Nonprofit : Caterina 's Club What it does : Serves free pasta dinners to children , many of whom are poor and live in motels with their families Bruno says : "  In America , in our own backyards , we have kids who go to bed hungry . If we do something about it , we will have no hungry children in America . " Exploring the issue : Food insecurity is spreading in America , and it 's particularly hard on one group : children . Donate to Caterina 's Club Richard St. Denis Nonprofit : World Access Project What it does : Collects discarded wheelchairs from the U.S. , refurbishes them and then sends them to people living with disabilities in rural Mexico Richard says : "  In many rural , impoverished , uneducated areas of Mexico , people do n't even know what a wheelchair is . They do n't know what their disability is or why they ca n't walk . They have no hope , no expectation for the future , and no resources to change their situation . " Exploring the issue : Wheelchairs are n't the only useful medical supplies being discarded in the United States . Donate to World Access Project Amy Stokes Nonprofit : Infinite Family What it does : Finds online mentors for South African teenagers , many of whom have lost their parents to HIV and AIDS Amy says : "  We all learn best from each other , which is why growing up in families and communities of caring adults is so important . More than 50 million children in sub-Saharan Africa do not have this opportunity . " Exploring the issue : Online mentoring is starting to grow as an "  effective and viable " alternative for young people , experts say . Donate to Infinite Family	This year 's top 10 CNN Heroes are tackling issues both domestic and international If you 'd like to help , you can donate to their organizations through Google
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Federal Aviation Administration Tuesday ordered a nationwide halt to "  opposite direction " runway operations , in which planes arrive on runways in one direction and depart in the other , as the result of an investigation into last week 's incident at Reagan National Airport involving three planes which came dangerously close . FAA Acting Administrator Michael Huerta ordered the temporary halt , saying the agency discovered it has "  no standard protocol " for switching from a one-way runway traffic pattern to the less common two-way pattern . The lack of a standard protocol likely contributed to the July 31 mishap , he said . During last week 's incident , a southbound US Airways regional jet arriving at Reagan came in close proximity to two northbound jets taking off from the airport . At their closest , two planes came within 0.82 nautical miles , less than the required 3.0 nautical miles . In a memo released Tuesday , Huerta repeated his initial statement that the aircraft were never on a head-to-head collision course . And he again blamed the mishap on a miscommunication between the Potomac TRACON , a regional radar facility , and managers at Reagan 's control tower . But the investigation has altered one key understanding of the incident . Department of Transportation and FAA officials originally told reporters that the misunderstanding occurred as controllers "  flipped " the direction of the airport , switching all traffic from a northbound direction to a southbound direction . Now Huerta says the regional TRACON controller intended to change the direction of only the arriving aircraft , allowing "  opposite direction " traffic on the runway . Controllers sometimes allow two-way traffic to comply with noise restrictions or to accommodate cargo operations , he said . Takeoffs and landings are staggered to avoid collisions . While changing from one-way traffic to two-way traffic encompasses many of the same procedures as flipping an airport , "  there is no standard protocol in place , " Huerta wrote . "  We believe this contributed to the miscommunication . " Huerta said he is halting two-way runway traffic "  out of an abundance of caution , " and that the FAA expects to have standard procedures in place within a month . Huerta said the Reagan incident also raised the issue that the FAA 's front-line managers are managing administrative tasks in addition to overseeing tower operations . "  We need to be sure that they are solely focused on the operations in the facility and not handling administrative duties " during busy times , he wrote . The 2 p.m. incident involved three aircraft : Chautauqua Airlines 3072 , Republic Airlines 3329 and Republic 3467 . All three aircraft were operating as US Airways Express . All reached their destinations safely .	Lack of protocols for switching runway traffic patterns led to temporary halt , FAA says In incident at Reagan airport , southbound plane got too close to two northbound planes FAA : Planes were never on head-to-head collision course
CNN  -- The Obama administration will sue to halt a Texas requirement that voters show identification at the polls , signaling a new effort on voting rights enforcement following a U.S. Supreme Court ruling this year that threw out a key part of a landmark federal law . The Justice Department said on Thursday that had put in motion a plan to seek a court order declaring that the strict 2011 Texas law violates the Voting Rights Act and certain constitutional guarantees . "  Today 's action marks another step forward in the Justice Department 's continuing effort to protect the voting rights of all eligible Americans , " Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement . "  The department will take action against jurisdictions that attempt to hinder access to the ballot box , no matter where it occurs , " he added . A divided 5-4 Supreme Court in June invalidated the formula used to determine which states or local jurisdictions -- mostly in the South -- could remain under special federal oversight , requiring approval from Washington before they can change voting procedures . That blunted much of the government 's enforcement power in states and localities with a history of discrimination at the polls . But the decision did not change the fact it remains illegal to discriminate against a person when it comes to voting . But it does change how some states have been singled out . Holder said previously the administration would use a different section of the Voting Rights Act that allows federal authorities to ask a judge to order a state to be placed under the preclearance regime . To do so the Justice Department must prove "  purposeful " discrimination . Texas will be test case of that tactic but a Justice Department spokesman said prosecutors may pursue similar action in other states with similar laws . Texas is the subject of two ongoing court fights over its voter identification law and the voting boundaries created by the legislature . Texas Gov. Rick Perry reacted sharply to the move , building on previous comments from state officials that the administration was trying to circumvent the Supreme Court decision . "  The filing of endless litigation in an effort to obstruct the will of the people of Texas is what we have come to expect from Attorney General Eric Holder and President Obama , " he said in a statement . "  We will continue to defend the integrity of our elections against this administration 's blatant disregard for the 10th Amendment . " The Justice Department also announced on Thursday that it would file a motion to intervene in one of the redistricting cases , allowing it to formally present evidence about the impact of the state 's new voting map . A federal court in the District of Columbia had previously held that Texas had failed to show that its redistricting plan and the voter ID law did not discriminate . But the Supreme Court decision vacated that ruling . The NAACP praised the decision to challenge Texas , saying that Texas had a history of suppressing African American and Latino voters . "  The voter ID law in Texas is a solution in search of a problem . A Texas voter is more likely to be struck by lightning than to see someone attempt to vote fraudulently at the polls , " Sherrilyn Ifill , president and director-counsel of the group 's legal defense fund , said in a statement . CNN 's Bill Mears and Jim Acosta contributed to this report .	Obama administration takes new approach to voting rights enforcement following court ruling Legal challenge to strict Texas law approved in 2011 will be test case Supreme Court in June invalidated key enforcement part of Voting Rights Act Previous formula used to determine which states , mostly in the South , needed special oversight
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Former Indonesian President Abdurrahman Wahid has died , his family told CNN . He was 69 . Wahid , affectionately known as Gus Dur , died Wednesday evening as a result of heart problems , his family said . A news conference was planned later . Wahid , who was also a popular religious leader , had been ill for several weeks and had been hospitalized a few days ago . He had been in frail health for many years and was partially blind and unable to walk . Before becoming Indonesia 's fourth president , Wahid was the revered leader of Nahdlatul Ulama , Indonesia 's largest Muslim organization , with more than 30 million members . No one took Wahid seriously when he contested the presidential race in October 1999 , mainly because of his poor health . He was seen , however , as a candidate of compromise , and the Central Axis , a coalition of Muslim forces , lobbied in his favor . However , Indonesians -- including his onetime supporters -- were frustrated by his erratic and chaotic leadership . He was at odds with the nation 's parliament , which eventually forced him to step down . Wahid was known for injecting humor into his religious sermons and political speeches . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Wahid was a popular religious leader He contested the 1999 presidential race He was known for injecting humor into his religious sermons and political speeches
CNN  -- In her first interview since giving birth , the teenage daughter of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin said having a child is not "  glamorous , " and that telling young people to be abstinent is "  not realistic at all . " Bristol Palin says "  everyone should just wait 10 years " to have a baby , rather than when you 're young . "  It 's just , like , I 'm not living for myself anymore . It 's , like , for another person , so it 's different , " Bristol Palin told Fox News ' Greta Van Susteren . "  And just you 're up all night . And it 's not glamorous at all , " she said . "  Like , your whole priorities change after having a baby . " The 18-year-old , who gave birth in late December , said she is being helped tremendously by her mother , grandmother , cousins and other family members . She is engaged to teen father Levi Johnston , who is now working for his father and trying to complete school , but said she wishes that she waited another 10 years to have a baby . It was "  harder than labor " telling her parents she was pregnant . "  Well , we were sitting on the couch , my best friend and Levi , and we had my parents come and sit on the couch , too . And we had my sisters go upstairs , " Bristol said . "  And we just sat them down , and I just -- I could n't even say it . I was just sick to my stomach . "  And so finally , my best friend just , like , blurted it out . And it was just , like -- I do n't even remember it because it was just , like , something I do n't want to remember . " Todd and Sarah Palin were "  scared just because I have to -- I had to grow up a lot faster than they ever would have imagined , " Bristol said . Her parents insisted that she and her boyfriend hash out a "  game plan " immediately . And now her parents and relatives are all pitching in to help take care of the child , particularly when Bristol is at school during the day . Van Susteren was delicate with the teenager but pointedly asked if "  contraception is an issue here . " "  Is that something that you were just lazy about or not interested , or do you have philosophical or religious opposition to it , " Van Susteren asked . Bristol quickly answered that she did n't want to get into specifics . The best option is abstinence , the teen said , but added that she did n't think that was "  realistic . " Watch Bristol Palin say that abstinence is "  not realistic at all " " While her mother was running for vice president , the teenager said her treatment in the media was "  evil . " She said she read some of the tabloids that wrote about her . People did n't understand , she said , and some media reports perpetuated falsehoods about her experience . "  They thought that , like , my mom was going to make me have the baby , and it was my choice to have the baby , " she said . "  And it 's just -- that kind of stuff just bothered me . " Van Susteren asked , "  But this is your issue ? This is your decision ? " Bristol answered yes . "  It  does n't matter what my mom 's views are on it . It was my decision , and I wish people would realize that , too , " she said . The network interview was Bristol 's idea , the teen said . And she apparently sprung the news to her parents that she was going to speak publicly the day before the network taping . The teen said she wanted to tell her story so that other young people might think twice about having sex . "  I 'd love to -LSB- be -RSB- an advocate to prevent teen pregnancy because it 's not , like , a situation that you would want to strive for , I guess , " Bristol said . Gov. Palin made an unexpected appearance during the interview in Alaska , and Van Susteren asked her about her daughter 's pregnancy . "  Not the most ideal situation , certainly you make the most of it , " the governor said . Bristol is a "  strong and bold woman , and she is an amazing mom , " Palin said . "  And this little baby is very lucky to have her as a mama . He 's going to be just fine . "	Bristol Palin said she wishes she had waited 10 years to have a baby 18-year-old is getting a lot of help from family , says baby son is "  awesome " Palin said she 's hoping to encourage young people to wait to have sex
CNN  A medical helicopter carrying at least three people crashed late Thursday in Eufaula , Oklahoma , the Federal Aviation Authority said . It was flying from Tulsa to McAlester when it went down west of Lake Eufaula , near the Canadian River . Three employees from medical air transport company EagleMed LLC were on board , according to FAA spokesman Lynn Lunsford . FAA investigators are headed to the crash scene . The McIntosh County Sheriff 's Office is handling the crash for local law enforcement , but a spokeswoman said early Friday that it had no information to give out so far . Earlier this week , an Army Black Hawk helicopter crashed in waters off the Florida Panhandle . All 11 service members aboard are believed dead , an Air Force official said Thursday . The military has been working to recover the helicopter , which searchers found at the bottom of the Santa Rosa Sound near Eglin Air Force Base , as well as the bodies of all seven Marines and four Louisiana Army National Guard members who were aboard . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	The chopper was registered to an air ambulance company It was en route from Tulsa to McAlester
CNN  -- As he admitted himself this week , Roger Federer has no idea how long his career may last but tennis fans in Dubai were guaranteed another chance to see him after the Swiss survived a first round scare against Tunisia 's Malek Jaziri . The reigning champion -- bidding for his sixth title at the Dubai Tennis Championships -- had to come from behind to win 5-7 6-0 6-2 against the World No. 128 , who was playing his first ATP World Tour match since October . "  It was a difficult match for me out here tonight , but I 'm happy I found a way and got a day off now so I can work a little bit on the game , " said Federer , who beat Andy Murray in last year 's final . "  Just maybe the pressure is off a little bit , and then automatically I will play a lot better in the second round . " In the run-up to Monday 's game , Federer -- who will play either Marcel Granollers or Albert Montanes  both of Spain  in the next round -- revealed he will undertake a far lighter schedule this year . The 31-year-old will take nearly two months off after the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells , which runs from March 4-17 , before returning in May to play the Madrid Open . The Swiss says the break will allow him to take a holiday with his wife and twin three-year-old daughters before spending 4-6 weeks practising on clay courts in Switzerland . "  The last few years have been really tricky in terms of my practice schedule , especially through an Olympic year -LSB- in 2012 -RSB- , " said the 17-time grand slam winner . "  This year is totally different . Family is very important , so I also want to spend quality time with them . " "  I ca n't play a year like I did last year every single season because that is n't the point I 'm at in my career . I 'm not 22 where I have to play 25-30 tournaments a year . Plus , I believe I 'll be really ready for the tournaments I 've entered . " Federer is planning to play just 14 tournaments in 2013 , even dropping his home town event in Basel and the Miami tournament , which has often been described as the biggest outside the four grand slams . Federer , who won Wimbledon but lost the Olympic final last year , may be vying for the top honours with Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray but his chances of success are threatened by being nearly five years more senior than the next oldest . "  I 'm trying to be smart with my scheduling because I 'm in a totally different situation than they are , " he said . "  Your prime is 23 to 27-28 so for me it 's very challenging -- and exciting . I need to make the right decisions . I have family and not many guys have that . " Considered by many as the greatest of all time , Federer stressed that his lighter workload is intended to prolong his playing career and insists it is not a sign of him winding down . "  I strongly believe I have more slams in me , " he rallied . "  I can play great , but will I be allowed to ? Time will tell . "  My big focus is on making sure that every tournament I enter I am perfectly prepared . I am hopeful I will get enough matches but if not my schedule can be changed . " "  I want to give myself the best chance to play as long as I can . Maybe then it will become clear that it is time to stop . Things change very quickly , and you have to be ready and open about it . "  But I would like to give myself the chance to play for many years to come . I am happy with the way my body is . I am healthy and happy to be playing . "  If I feel confident and am enjoying it , I hope to play for a long time . I think I am playing excellent tennis . Some win grand slams at 16 and others at 34 . It depends how you see things . " In Monday 's other opening games of the US$ 2.4 m championships , seventh seed Andreas Seppi of Italy turned around a 0-4 losing run against Paul-Henri Mathieu to beat the Frenchman 6-3 7-5 . Seppi will next play Czech Lukas Rosol , who beat Italian qualifier Matteo Viola 6-3 7-5 , while Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny beat Blaz Kavcic 1-6 6-1 6-3 . Next up for Youzhny will be Daniel Brands , who beat fellow qualifier Florent Serra 7-6  7  6-4 , while Roberto Bautista of Spain made it through when beating Belgium 's David Goffin in straight sets . On Tuesday , the 32-man field will be further whittled down -- with Novak Djokovic among those entering the action , with the World No. 1 taking on fellow Serb , and childhood friend , Viktor Troicki .	Roger Federer comes from a set down to beat Malek Jaziri Defending champion will face Marcel Granollers or Albert Montanes in second round World No. 1 Novak Djokovic plays childhood friend Viktor Troicki on Tuesday
CNN  -- There are 5 1/2 feet of snow outside and on top of Chrissy Hazard 's home in the Buffalo suburb of Cheektowaga , New York . A treadmill and table prop up a door felled by the snow 's attempted push into the home . But everything 's all right for now , she told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  We 're good . We 're buried in the house but we 're doing OK , " she said . Hazard is stuck inside the home with her husband , a friend , seven children and some dogs . It may be three or four days before they can get out , she said . There is a small patch of yard that offers the pups a chance to go outside . And there 's more wintery precipitation on the way after a respite Wednesday . CNN Severe Weather Expert Chad Myers said that 20 to 30 more inches of snow will fall Thursday during a 10-hour window . There is so much snow , Buffalo officials are n't even plowing . Instead hundreds of dump trucks venture out to haul snow away from the 10 square miles that have been pummeled by the lake-effect snow . Other areas of New York 's second-most populous city only received 1 to 6 inches , officials said . Seven deaths in the region -- including one man whose car was buried under more than a foot of snow -- are blamed on the extreme storm , authorities said . Firefighters came to check on the Hazard family on Tuesday as many emergency workers put in double shifts and got little sleep . Stories about acts of bravery and kindness were emerging even as the snow was piling up and up in the city on Lake Erie . Buffalo Mayor Byron Brown and city officials Wednesday recounted stories of rescuers trudging around snow drifts as high as houses to get people to hospitals , of fire stations turned into temporary shelters and police officers delivering special baby formula to a pair of infants . "  It is clear that we are one Buffalo , " Brown said . Buffalo prides itself as "  The City of Good Neighbors . " "  Buffalo itself , known as a city of neighbors , has come together and shown a real sense of community and neighbor helping neighbor , which is always good to see , " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo told reporters . Snow across the land About 50 % of the United States had snow on the ground Tuesday , according to the National Weather Service . There were also forecasts for heavy snow for counties in Michigan and Vermont . All 50 states registered temperatures below freezing Tuesday morning , even traditionally warm ones . Temperatures at Mauna Kea on Hawaii 's Big Island dipped to 31 degrees while Florida 's Panhandle was in the upper 20s , with freeze warnings in effect . The cause of this mayhem : Arctic air pouring over the relatively warm waters of the Great Lakes is producing extreme lake-effect snows . Unheard of amounts of snow Buffalo Niagara International Airport , about a 20-minute drive from downtown , was operating Wednesday afternoon but many people were having trouble navigating the snow-covered streets to get to the airport . Most airlines canceled some flights , according to airline representatives and airport spokesman C. Douglas Hartmayer . "  This storm is basically a knife that went right through the heart of Erie County , " said Mark Poloncarz , Erie County executive . "  I ca n't remember and I do n't think anyone else can remember this much snow falling in this short a period . " Mayor Brown and other western New York officials said the cost of cleaning up after this week 's storm will be significant , requiring the city and neighboring municipalities to seek assistance from the state and the Federal Emergency Management Agency . Buffalo State Assemblyman Sean Ryan Wednesday said the area may get "  more snowfall this week than the rest of the whole winter combined , " wiping out entire storm budgets in one event . Wednesday night 's football game between the State University of New York , Buffalo and Kent State was postponed because of travel issues . The Buffalo Bills , who play the New York Jets on Sunday at 1 p.m. ET , are seeking the public 's help to clear an estimated 220,000 tons of snow from Ralph Wilson Stadium , the team announced on its website . The helpers will be paid $ 10 an hour , plus game tickets if they work a certain number of hours . The team said the NFL would decide if the game should be rescheduled . Temperatures are expected to break through freezing on Saturday and reach the 50s on Sunday , the National Weather Service said . But rain is also likely . "  That would be a terrible thing , " Myers said . "  If it rains -- and it probably will at least on the weekend -- all of that snow is not going to melt right away . That snow is going to hold that rain in and then that snow on top is going to get heavier and heavier . " This is only the area 's first snowfall of the winter , but South Buffalo has seen almost as much snow in 24 hours as it experiences in an entire season . About 84 inches is normal , but about 6 feet -- 72 inches -- has fallen since Tuesday . Brown predicted a "  long way to go " before efforts to clear Buffalo 's roadways are finished . Already , more than 6,500 tons of snow have been removed from city streets and highways . "  It is going to be a slow go , " the mayor said . "  Historic amounts of snow have fallen . There is no place to put that snow . " A driving ban remains in effect in South Buffalo , with rescuers using snowmobiles to respond to emergency calls . Emboldened by Wednesday 's sunshine many people headed out onto the streets only to find themselves stranded . Authorities received 12 calls from people stuck in the snow . Thankfully , there were relatively few power outages in and near Buffalo , where 72 customers did n't have electricity Wednesday night , New York State Electric and Gas Corp. reported . Snow fatalities Of the seven deaths blamed on the storm , six were in Erie County and one in Genesee County . Erie County officials said one of the deaths was from a car accident and three other people died due to cardiac issues that resulted from shoveling snow . In Alden , New York , a 46-year-old man was found dead inside a car buried in 12 to 15 feet of snow , authorities said . In Genesee County , Jack Boyce , a 56-year-old county employee , died after collapsing Tuesday morning while operating a snow blower outside the county sheriff 's office , according to county manager Jay Gsell . On Wednesday , Erie County Health Commissioner Dr. Gale Burstein said an elderly man with a known heart condition had died . "  He had an exacerbation of his condition where he needed emergency medical care and he was unable to be transported to a care facility that had the highest level of care , " she said , adding that the patient died at an "  urgent care center . " Trapped at the fire station The snow left people stranded in cars and turned roadways into parking lots . It also forced residents to seek shelter in unusual places . About 70 people took refuge at a Buffalo fire station and 20 others holed up in a police station Tuesday night , authorities said . By morning , most had returned home . And as they waited , those at the fire station got a teeny weeny gift . A baby girl was delivered there when an ambulance was unable to take her mother to the hospital , Buffalo Fire Commissioner Garnell Whitfield said . "  She was born , she 's safe and she 's healthy , " Whitfield said . CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Faith Karimi , Daniel Verello , Kevin Dotson , Chuck Johnston , Martin Savidge and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : 20 to 30 more inches of snow expected Thursday Elderly man with cardiac condition becomes 7th storm fatality Cost of this storm may wipe out storm budgets planned for entire winter Buffalo residents and emergency personnel come together during massive storm
CNN  -- There 's plenty of gay-rights news to celebrate this week : -- On Monday , a federal judge threw out Oregon 's ban on same-sex marriages , writing that his decision was one in support of "  families committed to the common purpose of love , devotion and service to the greater community . " -- On Tuesday , the same thing , more or less , happened in Pennsylvania , with a judge in that case writing that "  we are a better people than what these laws represent , and it is time to discard them into the ash heap of history . "  I mean , wow , right ? -- And , for those would might say "  activist judges " are behind all of this progress , please note that Gallup on Wednesday released data showing 55 % of Americans -- a greater percentage than ever shown in that group 's polling -- support same-sex marriage rights . So , in summary : The era of same-sex marriage is upon us ; even those who grimaced at NFL player Michael Sam 's boyfriend kiss probably can see that ; and , therefore , all 's well that ends well . Well , not so much . In the march toward marriage equality , the United States skipped over other rights that are more fundamental and perhaps more essential for LGBT people . Consider three facts : 1 . It 's legal for employers to fire gay and lesbian people because of their sexual orientation in not one or two fringe states but in 29 of them , according to the Human Rights Campaign , a gay rights advocacy group that tracks these things . That 's a majority of states where it 's legal to fire someone simply for being gay . "  It 's important to note that , while same-sex couples can legally marry today in Pennsylvania , they can actually be fired from their jobs for talking about their new spouses at work , " Charlie Joughin , spokesman for HRC , wrote in an e-mail to me . Related : No one should be fired for being gay 2 . Related to that , there also are 29 states where it 's legal for landlords to evict gay and lesbian residents simply because of their sexual orientation . That 's true not just of places such as Mississippi but also states with more progressive reputations , such as Pennsylvania and Michigan . 3 . Some states make it onerously difficult , if not impossible , for transgender people to legally change their names and update the gender that 's listed on their state ID or driver 's license . Maybe that sounds inconsequential , but consider going to the airport with an ID that does n't match who you are and having to explain your gender identity to a TSA agent . "  There are 15  states  that we would give an F " on these issues , said Harper Jean Tobin , director of policy at the National Center for Transgender Equality . Progress is coming but much too slowly in some cases . The first employment nondiscrimination laws were passed in East Lansing and Ann Arbor , Michigan , according to Michael Bronski 's "  A Queer History of the United States . " The year was 1972 . A range of cities and corporations have come up with their own nondiscrimination policies and rules in the decades since , but state and federal movement has been sluggish . The Employment Nondiscrimination Act passed the U.S. Senate last year but has been a nonstarter in House , thanks to Speaker John Boehner . To be fair , there are campaigns from LGBT rights groups to put in place these basic protections . The Human Rights Campaign , for instance , started Project One America to "  dramatically expand LGBT equality in the South , " including freedom from discrimination , which is rampant in that region . But it 's clear marriage equality has been the primary focus , for the public , activists and for the news media . There are some reasonable explanations for that . Some would argue , for instance , that campaigns for marriage equality have helped people realize gay and lesbian people are loving and family-oriented -- and that greater protections will follow that awakening . I hope that 's right , but it 's no sure thing . We 're starting to see ourselves in America as a beacon of progressiveness and opportunity for LGBT people . But we also need to acknowledge the reality -- which is that this also is a country where basic protections remain worryingly absent .	John Sutter : The U.S. lacks some very basic protections for LGBT people He says good news on same-sex marriage should n't distract from that Judges in Pennsylvania and Oregon this week overturn marriage bans Sutter : It 's still legal for employers in 29 states to fire people for being gay
CNN  -- The body of a 16-year-old honor student from North Carolina -- missing since December -- has been found in a Maryland river , her father and police said Thursday . Russell Barnes , the girl 's father , said that a female body found in the Susquehanna River in northeast Maryland is that of his daughter , Phylicia Barnes . It was recovered about 40 miles from where she was last seen , in the city of Baltimore . On Thursday night , Maryland State Police Superintendent Terrence Sheridan and Baltimore Police Commissioner Fred Bealefeld confirmed at a press conference that the body is that of the teenager student from Charlotte , North Carolina . "  All of us , since that fateful day , have been praying and hoping for a different outcome , " said Bealefeld . "  But unfortunately , we are here today . " Phylicia Barnes ' body was one of two found Wednesday in the river -- one south and the other north of the Conowingo Dam -- state police said . Her body was recovered around 10 a.m. that morning , less than three hours after people spotted it and flagged down police , said Sheridan . Authorities spotted another body -- which has n't been identified but was described by the superintendent as a black male weighing 240 pounds and standing about 6 feet , 4 inches tall -- floating in water about three to four miles away just before 2 p.m.Wednesday . There were no clothes on either body . "  There 's no other indication of any connection , " Sheridan said of the bodies , besides the fact both were found in the same river , though he did n't rule out a link . The teenage girl said she was going out to get something to eat and maybe a haircut when she left a residence in Baltimore where she 'd been staying with her half-sister , according to that city 's police . Later , authorities said they feared that Barnes had been abducted or otherwise harmed . She had left her debit card where she was staying , and had n't answered her cell phone since her disappearance , her mother , Janice Sallis , told HLN . Sallis , who described herself as very "  protective " as a mother , said she was "  stunned " and "  devastated " after learning from one of Phylicia Barnes ' siblings "  there was a listing of 20 different guys going in and out " of where the teen was staying . The mother claimed that the daughter was also allowed to drink alcohol . On Thursday , Russell Barnes said that his daughter did n't know anyone besides immediate family in Baltimore . "  She 's a well-loved individual , with everyone , " Russel Barnes told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace . " According to police , Phylicia Barnes communicated through text messages with her half-sister about 12:30 p.m. the day she disappeared . The half-sister 's ex-boyfriend was moving out of the apartment and he saw the teenage girl on the couch around 1:30 p.m. . But he said when he came back around 5:10 p.m. , she was not there there . The door was reportedly unlocked , and music was blasting very loudly in the apartment . In January , Baltimore police spokesman Anthony J. Guglielmi said the FBI did a profile on the girl and found no reason that she might run away . She was a good student with no major emotional disturbances in her life , he said . "  The fact set of this case is different than anything else we 've seen , " he said . Her body was positively identified at the Baltimore city medical examiner 's office thanks to a tattoo on "  her lower extremity , " said Sheridan . He added there was "  no indication of any overt wounds or injuries , " nor any indication either body found was weighed down . The superintendent said the bodies may have been dumped much further down the fast-moving river , and said that its cold temperatures may have prevented the bodies from signficantly decomposing for several months . "  The medical examiner has indicated that it 's not out of the ream that the body could have been there " since December , said Sheridan . "  If you look at that river , look at how fast it 's moving , all sorts of things could have happened . " Bealefeld , the top policeman in Baltimore , vowed that authorities will "  work as hard now as we 've worked all those days since December 28 . " A city police spokesman earlier said more than 100 Baltimore police officers , Maryland State Police troopers and FBI agents had been working on the case . "  Our goal is simply to bring closure to Phylicia Barnes ' family ... and hold those responsible accountable , " Bealefeld said . The girl 's father called the discovery of her body a "  first step " in providing closure . But he said that the family wo n't be fully satisfied until justice is done . "  We 're still not finished , " Russell Barnes said . "  We 're going to find out what happened with Phylicia ... There are a lot of answers that we need to find out . " HLN 's Natisha Lance contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Police say there are no "  overt "  signs of wounds or injuries on Phylicia Barnes NEW : Hers and another body were found in a river , three to four miles apart NEW : A top officer says her body could have been in the cold water since December That 's when she was last seen in Baltimore , where she was visiting her half-sister
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Two days after Hong Kong 's chief executive relented to protesters ' demands to drop a controversial Chinese education requirement , pro-democracy legislators Monday got a boost from a majority turnout at the polls . More than 1.8 million people -- or 53 % of registered voters -- turned out at the polls Sunday , and pan-democrats won more directly elected seats than the pro-Beijing camp , as well as three of the five so-called super seats . However , pro-Beijing legislators still maintained their dominance at the Legislative Council , thanks to infighting among the pan-democratic factions -- and a system that combines direct and indirect voting via special interest groups . Under Hong Kong 's political system , 35 seats are elected directly by the public  "  geographic constituencies "  and 35 by groups based on professions  "  functional constituencies "  , most of which lean pro-Beijing . In a new complex "  one person-two votes " arrangement , voters can cast ballots not just within their geographic constituency but also for a list of candidates vying in a "  super lawmaker " functional constituency . With 27 -- or more than a third -- of the 70 seats won Monday , pan-democrats will still wield veto power and can block constitutional changes . The election comes on the heels of a 10-day hunger strike to protest "  Moral and National Education , " a curriculum that critics likened to "  brainwashing " with Chinese propaganda . On Saturday , Chief Executive C.Y. Leung said the decision to teach it would be left to schools . While the emotionally charged education issue led to higher turnout at the polls , the pro-Beijing camp benefited from split votes among the pan-democrats , thanks to bitterness within the coalition over 2010 electoral reforms , one political observer said . Read about the curriculum issue that sparked protests The radical People Power group had called on supporters to cast blank ballots as a form of protest against pan-democratic parties that sided with the government on the reform package , arguing that it stymied Hong Kong 's path to a full democracy , according to the South China Morning Post . By noon Monday local time , Albert Ho had resigned as leader of the Democratic Party after a poor showing in the elections , even though he was among the lists of candidates that won "  super lawmaker " seats . "  Pro-democracy voters went for parties that did n't have that kind of bitterness between them , " said Michael DeGolyer , a professor of government at Hong Kong Baptist University and director of the Hong Kong Transition Project . Among the beneficiaries in the elections were the Civic Party and the new Labor Party , which represent the interests of labor , unionists and populists committed to social programs , he said . "  I do n't think we 'll have progress on the pro-democracy front for a while , " DeGolyer said . He predicted that Leung may find himself trying to build capital with legislators who are more welfare-oriented and with voters fed up with corruption scandals that dogged his predecessor , Donald Tsang . The elections are the fifth since Hong Kong , a former British colony , was handed over to China in 1997 and became a special administrative region under a "  one country , two systems " model . CNN 's Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	More than a majority of voters turn out at polls With more than a third of seats won , pan-democrats still hold veto power Election comes a day after Hong Kong dropped national education requirement Pro-Beijing camp benefited from infighting among pan-democrats , professor says
CNN  -- Two pilots in northern California were lucky to be alive Monday after they escaped a midair collision without serious injuries . A helicopter clipped a small plane in the skies over northern California on Sunday evening , sending both crashing to the ground , CNN affiliate KCRA reported , citing the Sacramento County Sheriff 's Office . The collision snapped off the helicopter 's tail , but firefighters found the pilot sitting in the car of a driver who had stopped to help , the station said . "  She was a little shaken up , but she was completely with it , " said Capt. Brandon Wilson of the Rio Vista Fire Department . "  Initially , she did n't want to go to the hospital . "  The person that was flying it was very lucky -- very lucky -- to walk away pretty much uninjured . " The helicopter , a Robinson R22 , went down about eight miles south of the Rio Vista Airport , between San Francisco and Sacramento . It collided with a single-engine Beechcraft Bonanza , which landed near Byron Airport , some 20 miles to the south , said Ian Gregor of the Federal Aviation Administration . Footage of the helicopter showed it resting in a field . KCRA said its severed tail rotor landed about 50 feet away from the fuselage . The plane 's pilot was not injured . "  Absolutely a best-case scenario , very lucky for everybody involved , " Wilson said . CNN 's Greg Morrison and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report	The helicopter pilot is "  very lucky to be able to walk away , " a fire official says The helicopter crashes between San Francisco and Sacramento The plane lands near Byron Airport , south of the helicopter crash
CNN  -- Football 's new Financial Fair Play rules have got some of the world 's biggest clubs worried . Facing the prospect of being punished with heavy fines and barred from European competition , they are desperate to make sure that generated revenues are equal or greater than expenditure . Barcelona was one of the first to address balance sheet deficits when it allowed its first shirt sponsorship in 111 years , agreeing a $ 185 million deal with the Qatar Foundation in late 2010 . More recently European champion Chelsea , bankrolled since 2004 by Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich , signed a deal with energy giant Gazprom . One Turkish team has even gone down the surreal route of building a hydroelectric plant in a bid to raise revenue . Inter Milan , owned by Italian oil tycoon Massimo Moratti , is selling a $ 67 million stake in the club to Chinese investors . Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , who owns AC Milan , is reportedly seeking investment from his friend at the Kremlin , Vladimir Putin , also via Gazprom . Are footballers on a par with bankers ? The decision to seek foreign funds is alien to Italian football , where only one club in Serie A has an overseas owner , and illustrates how the need to seek global sponsorship is being used to work around the new UEFA framework . England 's Abu Dhabi-owned Manchester City signed a $ 628 million deal with the emirate 's airline Etihad that was described as an "  improper transaction " by a Council of Europe Committee . Welcome to the crazy world of beating FFP . "  Clubs are looking for more revenue-generating partnerships with sponsors in part to ensure compliance with the UEFA FFP regulations , " football finance expert Daniel Geey of London firm Field Fisher Waterhouse told CNN . "  The concern for many clubs if they breach the FFP requirements is whether they will be sanctioned through expulsion from UEFA competition . "  Some sanctions for breaching the regulations may not be as harsh , but in order to fill a potential revenue shortfall clubs are looking for ways to beef up their accounts . " Will football clubs play fair financially ? Perhaps the most intriguing tale is that of Turkish club Trabzonspor , which has created a novel way of ensuring it does not fall foul of the FFP rules . Based in the Anatolia region of the country , which is fast becoming Turkey 's economic center , the six-time league winner -- whose chairman Sadri Sener is a civil engineer -- is investing in its future . The Black Sea club will build a hydroelectric plant in a bid to raise revenues after receiving permission from the Turkish government , which is seeking an alternative source of energy after becoming reliant on the natural gas supplied by neighboring Russia , Azerbaijan and Iran . The plant is expected to cost an estimated $ 50 million , with annual revenues expected to pull in $ 10 million a year . The deal could prove a masterstroke as Turkey 's energy market is growing by 8 % each year . Trabzonspor , which will play in the second tier UEFA Europa League this season , is also considering plans for a second and smaller plant . "  The club needs a guaranteed source of income , and we have the ideal conditions for hydro power , " the Financial Times quoted a Trabzon club official as saying . The world 's best-paid sports teams The hydro project is just the latest in a line of schemes devised by clubs to work around the FFP which may come under scrutiny from European football 's ruling body . "  Many of the more recent deals like Etihad 's long-term agreement with Manchester City and Chelsea 's arrangements with Gazprom have prompted some to suggest such sponsorship deals are a convenient way to use the facade of a sponsorship deal to boost revenues , " Geey said "  Such analysis will ultimately be done through UEFA 's Club Financial Control Body . They will have to assess whether such transactions fall under the ` related party transaction ' provisions of the FFP regulations and if so , what the fair value of the transaction really is . "  Similarly , UEFA will also have to consider at the appropriate time whether Trabzonspor 's innovative plan to build an energy power plant to boost club revenues would actually fall within what would be classed as relevant revenues for FFP calculations . "  Such investigations will only occur come the 2013-14 season when clubs have to submit their accounts for FFP compliance for the first time . " In a UEFA report published last year , it was estimated that about 50 % of top European clubs were losing money and 20 % were recording sizable deficits . Under the new rules , owners can only contribute a maximum of $ 55.5 million for the 2013-14 and 2015 seasons together , and $ 37 million during the period covering 2015-16 , 2016-17 and 2017-18 . Current rules state that should clubs incur losses in excess of $ 60 million over a three-year period , they will be hit with sanctions as well as exclusion from the Champions League and Europa League . Bumper revenues for Premier League clubs tempered by soaring wages But while the boardrooms are anxiously preparing for FFP , supporters across the globe may not see much change . Although spending within the August transfer window is down from $ 761 million last season to around $ 392 million so far this year , Premier League supporters will still enjoy a first-class brand . "  People are talking about FFP more in the UK than elsewhere , " Paul Rawnsley , director at Deloitte 's sports business group , told CNN . "  But I do n't think the normal fan in the stands will really notice anything too different . "  There wo n't be any radical changes and all it will do is bring a better balance over time . At the very top end of the game we 've seen that football is quite resistant to economic downturn . "  Players are still going to be rewarded well and this idea of FFP is not a new thing . " Rawnsley predicts clubs will adapt to the new framework and that none of the major players will fail to meet the FFP criteria . "  I 'd be pretty surprised if some clubs across Europe were n't preparing for the FFP rules to come into place because this concept was approved back in 2009 , " he said . "  UEFA has already said it will impose sanctions on clubs which do n't comply and that could be a financial penalty or even exclusion from a competition . "	Trabzonspor to build a hydroelectric plant in a bid to raise extra revenue Turkish club believes $ 50 million project will help bring in $ 10 million a year Teams across Europe looking at ways to raise extra revenue through sponsors Clubs submit accounts for Financial Fair Play for first time in 2013-14 season
Potomac , Maryland  CNN  -- Almost 50 years to the day that President John F. Kennedy in his inaugural address asked Americans to get involved by doing good , family and friends bade farewell Saturday to R. Sargent Shriver , who helped lead the way . Former President Bill Clinton referred to Kennedy 's famous line , "  Ask not what your country can do for you ; ask what you can do for your country . " Shriver , Clinton said at a funeral Mass in Potomac , Maryland , gave the perfect example of public service , both at the bright-eyed beginning of the 1960s and the cynical end of the decade and in the early 1970s . "  He showed up every day and found joy in life , " Clinton said of Shriver , first director of the Peace Corps , and a force -- with his late wife -- behind the Special Olympics . Shriver was Kennedy 's brother-in-law . The message of unconditional love , faith and service were themes throughout the service at Our Lady of Mercy . There also were moments of humor , including references to Shriver 's hugs and hearty handshakes . "  I am asking you to be apostles of Sarge , " son Anthony Shriver told political and entertainment luminaries and ordinary people alike . Shriver , 95 , died Tuesday after suffering from Alzheimer 's disease for years . His wife of 56 years , Eunice Kennedy Shriver , died in 2009 . Anthony Shriver encouraged people to wake up each morning with boundless energy and a commitment to change the world , fight poverty and be a friend . Vice President Joe Biden , first lady Michelle Obama , Oprah Winfrey , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and former California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who is married to Shriver 's daughter , Maria , were in attendance . Bono and fellow Irish singer Glen Hansard performed "  Make Me a Channel of Your Peace , " a song from the Prayer of St. Francis . In part it says , "  Grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled , as to console ; to be understood , as to understand ; to be loved , as to love . For it is in giving that we receive . It is in pardoning that we are pardoned , and it is in dying that we are born to Eternal Life . " Singer Wyclef Jean led the hand-clapping congregation in singing Psalm 98 . Vanessa Williams performed "  Soon and Very Soon " following tender intercessions and remembrances by Shriver 's grandchildren , who mentioned Shriver 's smile , service and love of baseball . The service concluded with Bob Dylan 's "  Forever Young , " with Stevie Wonder playing harmonica During his homily , Cardinal Donald Wuerl cited Shriver 's work with many initiatives . "  He fought injustice and poverty his whole life , " said Wuerl . "  He worked with religious leaders and everyone to speak out for peace and economic opportunity for the underprivileged . " Wuerl recalled Shriver attending a Mass for people with special needs . "  Sargent Shriver already demonstrated then the effects of age and illness , but he was there , " the cardinal said . In his remarks , Biden credited Shriver with leading a rally that helped him , at 29 , earn an unlikely U.S. Senate victory in Delaware in 1972 . Shriver 's four other children also gave remembrances . Maria Shriver told the standing-room-only audience that her father taught his sons to be gentle , loving men . "  He 'll never be far from me , " she said . Timothy Shriver said some dismissed his father as too idealistic , too cheery and too public in his Catholic faith . But the younger Shriver said he appreciated his father 's spirit and zest for life . "  I hope you , too , can carry a little Sarge in you , " he told mourners . Mark Shriver talked of his father 's faith and commitment to the church . Sargent Shriver wrote a letter to the family before his illness , saying he was looking forward to meeting God . "  I expect to get to eternity first " and prepare the way , he wrote . Robert "  Bobby " Shriver recalled his "  complete humiliation " upon being arrested on marijuana charges when he was a teen . His father offered support , and gave no criticism or moralizing , Bobby Shriver recalled . An unidentified woman standing in the back of the church apparently fainted at one point during the funeral . William Kennedy Smith , a physician and nephew of President Kennedy , came to her aid and helped assist her outside . After overseeing the Peace Corps launch in the early 1960s , Shriver went on to serve subsequent presidential administrations . He kept up his activism throughout his life , becoming a chief architect of President Lyndon B. Johnson 's war on poverty and later heading the Special Olympics founded by his wife . The Peace Corps is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year . More than 200,000 volunteers have served in 139 countries on issues such as education , public health and environmental preservation . Shriver 's entree into the Kennedy family was Joseph P. Kennedy , the family patriarch , who hired him to run a business venture in Chicago . The work led to an introduction to Eunice Kennedy , whose siblings included JFK , Robert F. Kennedy and Ted Kennedy . After his brother-in-law John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963 , Shriver was tapped by Johnson to launch the White House Office of Economic Opportunity , which was made up of a handful of anti-poverty programs . He also served as Republican President Richard Nixon 's ambassador to France before becoming Democrat George McGovern 's running mate in 1972 , as the two unsuccessfully tried to unseat Nixon . Shriver also served as chairman of the board of Special Olympics International , which Eunice Kennedy Shriver founded in 1968 . The organization sponsors sports training events around the world for people with intellectual disabilities . Shriver was born in Westminster , Maryland , and graduated from Yale University . He was also long active in the Roman Catholic Church . The Shrivers had five children , including Maria Shriver , the former first lady of California . CNN 's Larry Lazo contributed to this report .	Services held at Catholic church in Potomac , Maryland Shriver was the founding director of the Peace Corps and headed the Special Olympics Shriver died at age 95 after suffering from Alzheimer 's disease for years His children include Maria Shriver , former first lady of California
Washington  CNN  -- Upcoming forced government spending cuts will heavily impact the Federal Aviation Administration , triggering flight delays nationwide and control-tower closures at some small airports as soon as April , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said Friday . "  Travelers should expect delays , " LaHood told reporters in calling for fellow Republicans to work toward compromise to avert the worst impacts of $ 85 billion in across-the-board cuts set to take effect March 1 . The full impact wo n't be felt until April as furloughs and other staffing reductions of air traffic controllers come into effect , said LaHood , who has announced his intention to step down from President Barack Obama 's Cabinet . "  Flights to major cities like New York , Chicago , San Francisco and others could experience delays of up to 90 minutes during peak hours because we have fewer controllers on staff , " LaHood said . "  Delays in these major airports will ripple across the country . " In addition , control towers at smaller airports such as Boca Raton , Florida , and Joplin , Missouri , would be closed , he said . Asked why he was brought to the White House briefing room to address reporters , he said : "  I would describe my presence here with one word -- Republican . " "  They 're hoping that maybe I can influence members of my own party " to compromise with Obama and Democrats on an alternative to the mandatory spending cuts agreed to in a 2011 deal to increase the federal borrowing limit , LaHood said . LaHood is a former member of the House of Representatives from Illinois . In a letter to airline associations , the Defense Department and other "  aviation colleagues " released on Friday , LaHood said plans under consideration to absorb the mandatory spending cuts included furloughs for most FAA workers , eliminating midnight shifts in 60 control towers and shutting down more than 100 towers at smaller airports . The FAA operates towers at more than 400 airports nationwide . The Homeland Security Department has separately warned of longer security lines at airports if budget cuts take effect , another potential headache for air travelers . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Most FAA workers will face furloughs , LaHood says Ray LaHood warns of major impact from forced spending cuts as soon as April Transportation secretary calls on fellow Republicans to compromise The spending cuts are scheduled to be implemented starting March 1
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- A dual-pronged effort to stop the oil gushing from BP 's runaway well in the Gulf of Mexico shows promise for this weekend , the head of the government 's response team said Friday . But things are likely to get worse before they improve . Late Friday , Retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen said in a statement that he and Energy Secretary Steven Chu had approved BP 's plan to install an oil-recovery vessel , the Helix Producer , at the same time that a new cap is placed over the well , "  which will require temporary suspension of the current top-hat containment system . " During the seven to 10 days that it will take to switch the caps , the 15,000 barrels of oil that the Discoverer Enterprise ship has been collecting daily are expected to flow unimpeded into the water , he said . Allen said he approved the plan in order to take advantage of favorable weather predicted for coming days and because , once the switch is complete , the resulting capacity to contain oil "  will be far greater than the capabilities we have achieved using current systems . " BP spokesman Mark Proegler called it the "  capping stack , " which he described as a larger , better-fitting seal than the one currently covering the well . The latter cap "  can be removed quite quickly " and BP will start replacing it with the "  sealing cap " on Saturday , he said . If successful , the operation could halt the gushing that started April 20 after an explosion that killed 11 people on the Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf . But any such fix would be temporary , he said . The permanent solution would still be completion of a relief well , he added . Scientists have estimated 35,000 to 60,000 barrels of oil are spewing daily from BP 's breached Macondo well . They have been basing their estimates on high-resolution video and data from acoustic devices used to measure density . But Allen said that , once the long-term containment cap is in place , scientists will for the first time have the empirical data they need to determine the true flow rate . "  I would think once the capping device is on , we would get the most accurate flow rate to date , " he said . Switching the containment cap could increase the amount of oil collected each day to 60,000 to 80,000 barrels , Allen said . Under a new alignment , four vessels would participate in oil recovery , one more than the three currently involved . In a separate advance , federal responders expressed optimism Friday about a new aerial weapon in their arsenal . A 178-foot U.S. Navy blimp , the MZ-3A , was flown from New Orleans to Mobile , Alabama , to be used to survey the disaster area as soon as Saturday , depending on the weather . Officials said they hope surveys from the blimp will help them cut the time needed to get skimmers to the scene of oil slicks . "  Having something at a low altitude that can stay on scene a very long time is extremely valuable , " Allen said . "  We are anxious to see how it works . " The first relief well BP is drilling in the Gulf of Mexico could intercept the leaking Macondo well in seven to 10 days , Allen said Thursday . But the time it will take to seal the well will depend on "  where the oil is coming up through , where they can intercept , where they can put the mud in , where they can put the cement plug , " he said . Also Friday , the president 's Oil Spill Commission said it is hiring Richard A. Sears , a deepwater drilling expert with 30 years of experience in the oil and gas industry and academia , to serve as its science adviser . The commission , comprising seven members appointed by President Barack Obama , will hold public meetings Monday and Tuesday in New Orleans . It is charged with determining the causes of the Deepwater Horizon disaster and recommending changes in policies and law to prevent any such future calamities . Commission spokesman Pete Nelson said the commission is also hiring Jay Hakes as its research director . Hakes , an alumnus of the Carter administration , served as director of the Jimmy Carter Presidential Library and Museum and headed the Energy Information Administration at the U.S. Department of Energy during the 1990s . CNN 's Sanjay Gupta , Vivian Kuo and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report	NEW : Allen and Chu approve BP plan to switch caps NEW : switch will take 7 to 10 days during which oil will flow unimpeded Oil spill commission hires 2 new experts Work on replacing the cap is to begin Saturday
CNN  -- Palestinians on Tuesday urged the United Nations to "  punish " Israel as a scathing U.N. report accused the nation of war crimes during its military offensive in Gaza last winter . A Palestinian boy kicks a football outside damaged homes in northern Gaza in January 2009 . But Israel rejected the investigation as one-sided and shameful . The report accused Israel of committing "  actions amounting to war crimes , possibly crimes against humanity " during its military incursion into Gaza from December 27 to January 18 . Richard Goldstone , the South African judge who headed the U.N. investigation into the conflict , demanded that someone be held responsible for crimes committed during it . "  The lack of accountability for war crimes and possible crimes against humanity has reached a crisis point , " Goldstone said Tuesday . "  This is the time of action . " He formally presented the report to the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , Switzerland on Tuesday . It claims that the Israeli Defense Forces "  failed to take feasible precautions required by international law to avoid or minimize loss of civilian life , injury to civilians and damage to civilian objects . " Ibrahim Khraishi , the Palestinian Authority 's ambassador to the United Nations , called the report professional and unbiased . "  This report should not be another report to just document and archive , " said Khraishi . "  My people will not forgive this council if they let these criminals go unpunished . " But Israel 's ambassador to the United Nations , Aharon Leshno-Yaar , questioned the report in strong language Tuesday , calling it one-sided and shameful . "  This report is based on carefully picked incidents , cherry-picked for political effect , " Leshno-Yaar said . "  The authors of this fact-finding report had little thought about finding facts . " Israel did not cooperate in the U.N. investigation , calling it flawed and biased . There is an ongoing dispute about the number of people killed in the three-week military offensive which Israel called Operation Cast Lead . The Gaza-based Palestinian Center for Human Rights put the death toll at 1,419 and said that 1,167 of those were "  non-combatants . " The Israeli military released its own figures earlier this year , claiming 1,166 people were killed and that 60 percent of those were "  terror operatives . " A separate report released earlier this month by Israeli human rights organization B'tselem put the death toll at 1,387 , claiming that more than half of those killed were civilians . Israel has said it "  had both a right and an obligation to take military action against Hamas in Gaza to stop Hamas ' almost incessant rocket and mortar attacks upon thousands of Israeli civilians and its other acts of terrorism . " Hamas is the militant Palestinian movement which governs Gaza . It rejects Israel 's right to exist . The U.N. report said Israel fired the chemical agent white phosphorus in civilian areas , intentionally fired upon hospitals using high-explosive artillery shells , and failed to provide effective warnings to civilians or U.N. workers before attacks , all of which can be war crimes . It also claims that Israel used Palestinian civilians as human shields and deliberately attacked Palestinian food supplies in Gaza . The report recommends that the U.N. Security Council require the government of Israel to launch appropriate independent investigations into the findings of the report within three months . The findings also recommend that the alleged Israeli war crimes be explored by the International Criminal Court . Israel has launched a number of its own investigations into the conflict . The findings also call on Palestinian leadership to investigate alleged war crimes , for militants to respect humanitarian law , and for the release of the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , who was kidnapped by Palestinian militants in 2006 , on humanitarian grounds . Representatives from Russia , Cuba and Egypt applauded the Goldstone report . The U.S. representative to the U.N. Human Rights Council , Assistant Secretary of State Michael Posner , said some of the recommendations in the report were "  deeply flawed " and called for Israel and Palestinian authorities to be allowed to finish conducting their own investigations before passing judgment . A spokeswoman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has said the Human Rights Council could draft a resolution on the issue by Friday . The group that prepared the report is called the U.N. Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict . Its 500-plus page report was released earlier this month and presented formally on Tuesday . CNN 's Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	U.N. group presents scathing report on Israel 's conduct during Gaza offensive Palestinians urge U.N. to address alleged crimes ; Israel condemns report Report accuses Israel of "  actions amounting to war crimes " during offensive Report finds Palestinian militants also committed war crimes
Editor 's note : CNN has asked its journalists across the country to offer their thoughts on how the economic crisis is affecting their cities . In this installment , Bob Crowley reports from Boston , Massachusetts . Hardware store owner Brendan Kenney says "  people who have money should go out and spend it . " BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Brendan Kenney has seen enough bad news about the economy . "  I 'm also getting tired of being worried , " he says . His family has been running a small hardware store in Brookline , Massachusetts , just outside Boston , for about 56 years . He says business has slowed down a little , but mostly because winter is normally the slow time of year for them . Though he hopes the stimulus plan will help his and other small businesses , he believes people should n't be afraid . "  I think the American consumer holds a lot of power , " he continues . "  I think people who have money should go out and spend it . " Like many in the Boston area , Kenney does n't want to hear more discouraging stories and sees that as part of the problem . "  It 's just negative story after negative story , kind of creating a crisis of confidence . " Watch Boston-area reaction to the economic slump " South of Boston , Jose Nieto , from Plainville , has his own reasons to be discouraged . Between September and October of last year , he was laid off twice . Nieto , a civil engineer who works on road construction projects , had felt fortunate . After losing his job of 14 years , he was able to find employment after only being out of work for two weeks . After being on the new job for three weeks , however , he got called into the boss 's office . "  I said , ` Oh , no . My God , not again . ' " He was faced with looking for work in an industry that traditionally slows down in the winter months . "  It 's more than losing your job . It gives you a feeling of rejection , " he says . Yet , Nieto feels this is a time to learn valuable lessons , especially for those who need to dip into their savings when unemployment checks do n't cover all of the bills . "  I think a lot of people will learn from this situation , and , going forward , they 'll try to save more money . " He has been trying to stay healthy , busy and positive . Passing the time working on projects in his basement workshop and taking yoga classes has helped him get through the rough spots , and his luck is turning . He was offered a job that starts in March . "  It is a relief , because I 'm employed , " he says , "  however , I 'm taking a job for much less money . " Nieto believes that most employers can not afford to hire at the salaries they could offer in the past . Like Kenney 's hardware store , Sue Stein 's American craft gallery , also in Brookline , is not seeing any major shifts in her business , yet . "  Our business has been certainly down , but not devastating , " she says . Fire Opal , her gallery , sells everything from earrings to pottery to scarves , all made by artists from around the country . To keep her business healthy , she says , she is trying to make adjustments like buying less merchandise . But she is changing her approach to her customers as well . She says she tries to keep "  understanding that people are having a hard time and trying to find things that are more in their price range . " Like Kenney and Nieto , Stein is also trying to stay optimistic . "  I think if we all are very careful , " she says , "  we 'll sort of ride it out and then things will adjust . "	Hardware store owner in Boston slams "  negative story after negative story " Worker laid off twice in two months says he 's trying to stay positive Layoff also brings on feelings of rejection , worker says Gallery owner says business is down but not "  devastating "
CNN  -- Three people were killed and dozens were injured in a massive pileup on a highway in Virginia on Sunday , police said . A total of 95 vehicles were involved in 17 "  chain-reaction " crashes in the southbound lanes of Interstate 77 , Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said . Twenty-five people were transported to hospitals for treatment , she said . The first calls to 911 came in at around 1:15 p.m. as fog engulfed the highway . Video from CNN affiliate WSLS showed traffic completely stopped as emergency personnel worked around burnt vehicles . Smoke rose from one , drifting up into the low clouds . The pileup occurred near the Virginia-North Carolina border . Read more about this story from CNN affiliate WSLS .	NEW : A total of 95 vehicles were involved in 17 "  chain-reaction " crashes 25 people were transported to hospitals , a police spokeswoman says The series of crashes started as fog engulfed Interstate 77 , police say
CNN  -- Two children are among four people who died after a boat carrying at least 160 people capsized off the coast of West Java , Indonesian rescue officials said Wednesday . Fisherman , who saw people floating in the water on Tuesday night , alerted search and rescue teams that worked in the dark to find survivors , said Rochmali , the head of Indonesia 's National Search and Rescue Team . Rochmali -- like many Indonesians -- only uses one name . Some made it to land on their own and were found along the beach just off Cianjur District , south of Bandung , the capital of West Java Province , he said . So far , 156 survivors have been taken to temporary shelters and clinics on the island . Rescuers in rubber boats and local fisherman continue to search the water for remaining survivors in choppy sea within 5 nautical miles of the shore . Some media reports suggested that as many as 60 people were missing , though that number could not be confirmed as the boat was not registered and carries no official passenger list . "  We do n't know how many people were on board , because the survivors are reluctant to tell us , " said Rochmali . It 's uncertain where the boat was headed , although Rochmali said Indonesian officials believe they were on their way to Australian waters near Christmas Island to seek possible asylum . READ MORE : Riots as Australia shuts door on asylum "  They do n't want to talk to officials frankly about their intention and who they are . Even some of them tried to run away , or maybe already run away after being saved , " he said . Those who had spoken to officers claimed they were nationals of Iran , Iraq , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka , Rochmali said . "  But whether it is true or not , we still have to reconfirm , " he added . Last week , Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd announced that asylum seekers arriving in Australian waters would no longer be resettled in the country . Instead , they 'll be sent to Papua New Guinea for processing and will be settled there if found to be refugees . If their bids fail , they 'll be sent home or to another country , Rudd announced . READ MORE : Why Australia 's asylum plan wo n't work Rights groups have condemned the policy , accusing the Australian government of shirking its responsibility for asylum seekers . "  It can not possibly be presented as an example of regional cooperation because it is little more than a wealthy country paying a much weaker neighbor to take on its international responsibilities to people seeking asylum , " said Paul Power , chief executive officer of the Refugee Council of Australia . On Wednesday , Rudd said the tragedy off West Java emphasized the need for policy changes to send "  a clear message to people smugglers to stop sending people by boat to Australia . " "  We 're seeing too many drownings , we 're seeing too many sinkings , too many innocent people being lost at sea , " according to Rudd . Australian agencies were monitoring the situation , he said . The Australian Maritime Safety Authority declined to comment on the rescue to CNN , saying it was being handled by Indonesian authorities . Journalist Rudy Madanir contributed to this report .	Ship carrying at least 160 people capsizes off coast of West Java Four confirmed dead , others transferred to temporary shelters , clinics Indonesia rescue official says boat was believed to be carrying asylum seekers Some passengers refused to speak to officials , others ran away
Washington  CNN  Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush 's surprise announcement that he 'll "  actively explore " a presidential bid Tuesday morning did little to dissuade his potential Republican opponents from the race . Following the news , South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , who might make a White House bid , offered the clearest pitch yet for his own candidacy . "  I think I have a unique ability to deal with the threats we face at home and abroad and the challenges here , which is finally getting the government to work and dealing with a dangerous world , " he told reporters on Capitol Hill . He said to "  stay tuned " for his plans . "  I think there are a lot of people in the donor class who are looking for multiple voices , including Jeb 's , and competition is a good thing , " Graham said , adding , "  He 's got a lot to offer the Republican Party and the country . " Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul was upbeat about the governor 's announcement . "  I think we 're a big tent -- we can use moderates , conservatives , libertarians -- we need 'em all , " he told reporters . "  I think the more the merrier -- the public will determine " whether Bush could win . And Florida Sen. Marco Rubio 's spokesman , Alex Conant , said while Rubio has "  a lot of respect " for Bush and thinks he 'd make "  a formidable candidate , " Bush 's decision has no bearing on his own . "  Marco 's decision on whether to run for president or re-election will be based on where he can best achieve his agenda to restore the American Dream -- not on who else might be running , " Conant said . Many observers believe if Bush jumps in the race , Rubio -- who 's been mentored by the former Florida governor since his entry into politics -- would n't run . But a source close to Rubio said Tuesday that while Tuesday 's announcement changes the dynamic of the race , the junior Florida senator is still "  on track to run for president " in 2016 . Another potential opponent , Texas Sen. Ted Cruz , barely acknowledged that the two could face off in the primary fight . "  I think what Republicans want is someone who will stand up and lead , who will take on the great challenges of the day , who will make the case that the path we 're on is n't working ; that the Obama-economy is a disaster , that Obamacare is a trainwreck , that our constitutional rights are under assault and that we need to restore America 's leadership in the world , " he said . Sen. John Thune of South Dakota , who recently left the door open to his own 2016 bid , said the Bush announcement was "  kind of expected . " Now , though , "  everyone is starting to feel pressure to start making moves , " he said . But even though Bush is seen as one of the top establishment picks in the primary if he runs , it was clear Tuesday morning he 'll still have some work to convince some party leaders . Arizona Sen. John McCain , the GOP 's 2008 presidential nominee , would n't disclose what he discussed in his recent meeting with Bush , only that they went over the "  ins and outs " of a presidential campaign . He would n't back the governor , either , since he 's still waiting to see whether Graham , who McCain called his "  closest friend , " decides to run . Bush would enter the race with his "  contributors , his family name , a long record as very successful governor , " McCain said . Sen. Rob Portman , considered a possible vice presidential pick , told reporters he has talked to Bush recently about a potential campaign . "  He 'll be a strong candidate , " said Portman , who recently announced he would be running for re-election rather than the White House in 2016 . None of the GOP senators noted one of Bush 's biggest liabilities in a GOP presidential primary , however -- his support for policies anathema to conservative Republicans . Bush 's support for Common Core educational standards and his previous openness to a pathway to citizenship have drawn him many critics on the far-right , and he 'll face a challenge in winning over some of those primary voters . Soon after his announcement , the Conservative Action Fund , an outside spending group , emailed its supporters asking them to sign a petition urging Bush not to run and decrying him as "  another establishment , compromising " Republican . But even right-wing firebrand Cruz on Tuesday held his fire when given the opportunity to attack Bush on one of his primary vulnerabilities , immigration reform . "  Immigration will be a critical issue in this next election because we have a President who has been unwilling to work with Congress on common sense immigration reform , " Cruz said , when asked how Bush 's position on immigration would play out in the primaries . And some Republicans on Capitol Hill argued Bush still had a lot of work to do simply building the operation and support he 'd need to compete in a primary . New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte , also seen as a possible vice presidential pick , noted Bush has yet to stop by her state -- which hosts the first primary in the nation -- to meet with grassroots activists . "  I do n't care who you are , you have to do the hard work in New Hampshire , " she said . "  You got ta do the grassroots . You got ta get down there and talk to the activists . " She acknowledged that he 'd have "  the Bush name recognition , " but said there 's no substitute for hard retail politicking in the Granite State . "  It will make a difference how hard the candidates work in terms of meeting the activists and answering the hard questions , " Ayotte said . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report	Sen. Rand Paul welcomed Bush into the race : "  The more the merrier ! " A spokesman for Sen. Marco Rubio said Bush 's decision would have no impact on his own Sen. Ted Cruz said the voters would decide on their eventual nominee
Moscow  CNN  -- The death toll in a Moscow metro derailment Tuesday has reached 22 , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency said . Another 160 people are injured , of whom more than 120 were hospitalized , the Moscow health care department said . Of those , a few dozen were in critical condition . The derailment took place during morning rush hour in the Russian capital . Three metro train cars derailed in a tunnel , the state-run ITAR-Tass news agency reported . More than 200 people were evacuated , the Emergency Ministry said on its website . Dozens of ambulances arrived at the scene , along with three helicopters , to help shuttle the injured to hospitals , ITAR-Tass said . Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin declared Wednesday as a day of mourning . The cause is under investigation It was not clear what caused the derailment , but the head of Moscow 's Transportation Department said it was not a terrorist attack . However , it 's still subject to a criminal investigation as authorities seek to find out what 's behind the crash . In the moments afterward , many of those caught up in the derailment scrambled back up to the surface at the station west of central Moscow , some bleeding and dazed as they emerged . The rescue operation had become a recovery operation by Tuesday afternoon as emergency workers sought to free the remaining bodies from within the mangled train cars . Their efforts were made more difficult by the depth of Moscow 's metro lines , on which roughly 11 million people travel daily . The metro system -- the backbone of the city 's public transit network -- has been the target of past terror attacks . Train derails in northern India , killing at least 9 people Train derailment and crash kill passengers near Moscow CNN 's Alla Eshchenko reported from Moscow , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll rises to 22 , RIA Novosti says NEW : More than 120 people are hospitalized Three metro train cars derailed in a tunnel during rush hour , ITAR-Tass says The cause of the derailment is not clear ; officials have ruled out terrorism
CNN  -- The British invasion continues . Fox recently announced a new show airing soon -- "  Take Me Out " -- from the producers of "  American Idol " and "  X Factor . " The dating reality show premieres in June and marks yet another remake yanked from the tellies of the United Kingdom . Although it follows other British reboots ashore , the journey over can be choppy . When Adam Ferrara emerged from his broken '76 Coupe de Ville on the first season of "  Top Gear USA , " his co-hosts Tanner Foust and Rutledge Wood raised their hands ... to bestow upon each other a round of enthusiastic high fives . For many fans of the wry attitude of "  Top Gear " Classic , this show of dude-ly appreciation was a cringe-worthy moment . The U.S. edition of the world 's favorite car show has been gaining in viewership on History , yet continues to be a point of controversy with hardcore fans of the British original , which airs here on BBC America . As one of the most popular TV shows worldwide  with men and women alike  , many questioned the need for a high-fiving American overhaul . It 's part of a bigger debate found everywhere from newspaper columns to online trending topics . When rumors flared up of a possible "  Doctor Who " movie , showrunner Steven Moffat -- whose other hit "  Sherlock " is under threat of a knock-off as CBS 's "  Elementary " -- tweeted : "  To clarify : any Doctor Who movie would be made by the BBC team , star the current Doctor and certainly NOT be a Hollywood reboot . " Not that a UK-to-U.S. conversion has n't ever worked . "  Three 's Company , " "  Sanford & Son , " and "  All in the Family " had great casts and excellent writing , but they also benefited from the originals not being readily available for comparison . For a remake to thrive in the Internet age -- and in a crowded market where both UK and U.S. versions air on competing channels -- it has to pave its own road . The American version of "  The Office " did n't click until it worked through the original scripts and settled into its own routine . The characterizations made more sense too : where Ricky Gervais ' David Brent was belligerent and mean-spirited , Steve Carell 's Michael Scott was merely awkward and sometimes even kind . Scott was a more relatable boss for the American workplace ; Brent would n't survive one season stateside without being sacked by HR . But the recipe is delicate . The forced comedy of "  Coupling " did n't land . "  Skins " was deemed too smutty for U.S. standards . "  Prime Suspect " â $ " which starred Maria Bello  and a fabulous hat  in place of the legendary Helen Mirren â $ " turned ITV 's sleeper procedural into a weekly one-hour version of that scene in "  Pulp Fiction " where Jules and Vincent "  hang back " to debate foot massages before busting in on the main action . Bill Young , keeper of the Brit TV blog Tellyspotting , as well as VP of programming for KERA/Dallas -- the very PBS station that set "  Monty Python " loose on the American public in 1974 -- feels the key to a successful translation lies in subtlety . "  There seems to be a feeling that with American audiences you need to lay everything out on a platter so that the audience does n't have to think . British television takes the opposite approach , " which he explained had to do with pacing , meticulous casting , and relatable locations . For anyone who grew up quoting Basil Fawlty , watched "  Doctor Who " when only the math geeks did , or gambled on the color of Mrs. Slocombe 's hair with their dorm mates  pink was a safe bet  , there has never been a more exciting time for a British TV invasion . PBS period charmer "  Downton Abbey " is a cult phenomenon , Idris Elba 's "  Luther " kicks down doors as a new style of gritty detective , and "  Doctor Who " is oh-so-very cool now . "  Top Gear " host Richard Hammond is even filming a new show -- in America , for America -- as part of an original-programming experiment by BBC America . It might be time to just let the Redcoats in .  Preferably with Hammond 's cohort Jeremy Clarkson manning a beach-bombing Ford Fiesta . Multiple channels are importing original British programming . Online streaming service Hulu has steadily been adding free programs close to their UK airdates , including the cult action/sci-fi hit "  Misfits "  currently undergoing a U.S. pilot treatment by "  Chuck " creator Josh Schwartz  and the award-winning comedy "  Spy . " They 've recently begun streaming the UK version of "  Skins . " Although as Young pointed out , stateside reality hits "  Antiques Roadshow , " "  American Idol " and "  Dancing with the Stars " did all originate as British creations , which could mean good news for "  Take Me Out . " "  Maybe it 's just comedy and drama that have difficulty traveling across the pond . Which is odd , because comedy should be comedy no matter where you are , " Young said . Speaking of translated transatlantic comedy , the industry is in on the joke : Matt LeBlanc -- currently the fastest Star in a Reasonably Priced Car on the British "  Top Gear " -- won a Golden Globe for Showtime 's "  Episodes " which is a series about the American bastardization of a popular British sitcom .	British TV shows have been rebooted and imported to the U.S. Some have had success while others have not Fox will try this summer with a remake of dating show "  Take Me Out "
CNN  -- Conventional webmaster wisdom holds that changing the name of a website leads to a drop in its popularity . "  You are going to lose traffic , " a SearchEngineLand blogger warned would-be name changers in 2009 . "  That is a fact . Even if you only perform a domain change and preserve the exact same site structure and content , you will lose some traffic . " If that 's true , it spells bad news for MSNBC.com , which on Monday changed its name and URL to NBCNews.com following a split from Microsoft , the technology giant that had partnered with the U.S. news network to produce the website . But maybe that assumption is outdated ? NBC , for its part , said it does n't expect the move to affect traffic . All existing URLs , including those linked on social media sites , will still work or will redirect to the new NBCNews.com URL , Vivian Schiller , NBC News chief digital officer , said in a conference call with reporters Monday .  The MSNBC cable channel will launch a new website in 2013 as an extension of its on-air brand , NBC News said . If you take a look at a few of the sites that have changed their names -- it 's really rare for a site to do so , by the way -- you see that many of them not only survive a name change but are able to thrive after it . Or maybe because of it . Here 's a look at a few that have come out better on the other end of a URL switch : Facebook : If you 're under 30 , or if you saw "  The Social Network , " you probably know that Facebook used to be called thefacebook.com . The company officially dropped the "  the " in August 2005 . That 's universally regarded as a good move , but it 's worth pointing out that the switch occurred before Facebook was a household name . IMDB : The Internet Movie Database , now super popular and owned by Amazon , started in 1990 as a USENET group with the domain rec.arts.movies . The site then was hosted by Cardiff University before it migrated to IMDB.com , according to a feature in Total Film . PerezHilton : The pop culture and gay news blog started out as PageSixSixSix.com , a reference to the New York Post 's gossip column . Now pretty much no one  except a friend from HLN 's website , who sent this reference  remembers the previous blog . Overstock.com : The Internet retailer changed its name to O.co in 2011 , but switched it back , as CNET reports , because of brand confusion . Consider this the warning for NBCNews.com , although NBC is already a recognizable brand in the United States . O.co , by the way , still redirects to Overstock 's site . PayPal : Elon Musk founded a site called X.com in 1999 . The next year , it would merge with Confinity to become PayPal , the well-known online payment system . According to PayPal 's official blog , the "  X " was a reference to that "  universally recognized programming variable " -- a reference to innovation and creation . This may be the only example of a site 's URL actually getting less cool because of a change . Twitter : The micro-blogging site launched in 2006 as Twttr because a "  bird enthusiast " already owned the URL for Twitter.com , according to CNNMoney . Six months later , the company had enough money to buy some vowels . Ask.com : Remember that fashionable digital butler from the '90s ? Ask.com began in 1996 as AskJeeves.com but fired Jeeves in 2005 to become Ask.com . Can you think of any others ? Do you have thoughts on the MSNBC.com name change ? If so , please let us know in the comments section .	MSNBC.com changes its name to NBCNews.com URL changes are incredibly rare on the Internet Still , there are examples of successful companies changing their Web addresses Facebook , of course , used to be thefacebook.com
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- After Libyans cast ballots in a ground-breaking parliamentary election , officials Sunday turned to the next step in determining the country 's political future : counting the votes . Authorities started transporting ballot boxes from polling stations around the country to the main tally center in Tripoli , said Nuri Khalifa Al-Abbar , chairman of Libya 's High National Election Commission . Tallying began at polling centers Saturday night . Some preliminary results could be announced Sunday or Monday , he said , according to the state-run LANA news agency . The election came 17 months after political demonstrations against longtime dictator Moammar Gadhafi broke out in two Libyan cities . Those demonstrations spread , leading to a civil war , NATO air strikes , and Gadhafi 's death by a gunshot wound to the head in October . Libyans turn out big in historic election Saturday , about 1.7 million Libyans -- roughly 60 % of the nation 's 2.8 million registered voters -- cast ballots , Al-Abbar said . The turnout was expected to increase Sunday , as eight polling centers were opened after violence on election day stopped voters from casting ballots the day before . Celebrations in Tripoli began Saturday and continued overnight after the parliamentary vote , which many saw as the African nation 's first steps to building a free and democratic nation . The city 's main square -- once called Green Square for Gadhafi 's political philosophy but now known as Martyr 's Square for all those who fell in last year 's revolution -- became a focal point for the celebrations , with cars packing the square and surrounding streets . Families and young men were driving , waving flags and honking horns , many to the tune of the revolutionary chant "  raise your head up high , you are a free Libyan . " The last time Libya held an election was almost half a century ago and for many people , the act of casting a ballot was novel after 42 years of Gadhafi 's autocratic rule . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon congratulated the Libyan people on the election and also hailed the electoral staff for "  well-conducted and transparent " polling . "  Last year , thousands of Libyans sacrificed their lives or suffered lasting injury in order to win the right of the Libyan people to build a new state founded on human dignity and the rule of law , " Ban said in a statement . "  Yesterday , their determination was again on display as men and women , young and old , cast their ballots , many with deep emotion , even in some areas where they faced threats to their security . " There was significant voter participation , with about 80 % of the nation 's 3.5 million eligible voters registered by Saturday . But the election indicated a strong interest among people interested in being part of the nation 's fledgling government as well . More than 3,500 candidates stood in the election for a 200-seat national assembly . The winners are expected to be announced by the end of next week . More than 13,000 soldiers were on the streets Saturday , but not all went smoothly . Two polling centers were set ablaze in the eastern city of Benghazi , said Alexander Graf Lambsdorff , head of the EU election assessment mission . And in two other cities , polls did not open until 2 p.m. , six hours before they were set to close . Rights group : Rein in Libyan militias In the eastern city of Ajdabiya , five polling centers opened but four others on the outskirts did not . Friday , anti-aircraft fire hit a Libyan air force helicopter transporting ballot boxes from the eastern city of Benghazi to nearby areas , the Interior Ministry said . One person was killed . It was unclear who was behind the attack . And protesters earlier last week attacked a warehouse and torched ballots and other election materials . This was one of several anti-election incidents staged by Libyans in the east who see an unequal distribution of seats in the national assembly . The 200 seats are allocated by population , reserving 100 for the western Tripolitania , 60 for Cyrenaica in the east , and 40 for the south . The mistrust stems from the many years of Gadhafi 's rule , under which the eastern region felt largely neglected and marginalized . Benghazi emerged as the cradle of the Libyan uprising but many of its residents now feel their revolution has been usurped by the National Transitional Council based in Tripoli . Council member Mohammed al-Sayeh dismissed the disruptions as "  minor " and said there was no lack of trust between east and west . "  Libya will be always united , " he said . "  It is the first fair and legitimate election . " The parliamentary vote is a litmus test for post-Gadhafi Libya . The new national assembly will be tasked with appointing a transitional government and crafting a constitution . International court staff freed after detention in Libya CNN 's Moni Basu contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon congratulates the Libyan people on the election Some polling centers remain open after violence stopped voters from casting ballots Preliminary results of the parliamentary vote could be announced Sunday or Monday , an official says The 200-seat national assembly will help rebuild the nation , create institutions
March 25 , 2015 Featured this Wednesday : The U.S. announces it will maintain its troop levels in Afghanistan through the rest of the year , Israel denies accusations that it spied on U.S.-led negotiations with Iran , a passenger plane crashes in the French Alps , and we feature a Character study involving a CNN Hero who 's helping young people keep their eyes and ears healthy . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- President Obama renewed his call to improve the nation 's "  crumbling " infrastructure during his State of the Union address Tuesday , saying it will create jobs and help the nation compete in the global economy . Singling out roads , bridges and railways , Obama said the U.S. "  infrastructure used to be the best , but our lead has slipped . " "  Countries in Europe and Russia invest more in their roads and railways than we do , " the president said . "  China is building faster trains and newer airports . " Obama hammered home its importance by comparing his proposal to famously successful infrastructure programs of the past : the transcontinental railroad , the interstate highway system and the spread of electricity to rural America . "  The jobs created by these projects did n't just come from laying down tracks or pavement , " Obama said . "  They came from businesses that opened near a town 's new train station or the new offramp . " Obama set a goal of offering 80 % of Americans access to faster railroad trains by 2036 . He touted it as allowing passengers to "  go places in half the time it takes to travel by car . " "  For some trips , it will be faster than flying -- without the pat down , " he joked , referring to recent public criticism of airport security procedures . Perhaps in an attempt to ward off criticism about rising federal spending , Obama said the projects would be "  fully paid for " and would "  attract private investment . " Projects would be chosen "  based on what 's best for the economy , not politicians , " he said . But Washington 's current high-speed rail proposal may have a fatal economic flaw , according to infrastructure expert R. Richard Geddes , of the American Enterprise Institute think tank . Many of the high-speed passenger trains would run on existing rails , which are now used by the nation 's freight train industry . Interruptions in freight traffic , Geddes said , could potentially cost tens of billions of dollars per year in lost value to the U.S. economy . Building special rail lines dedicated to the 110-mph passenger trains could cost as much as $ 50 million per mile , he said . "  Whatever we do with the passenger rail system , we can not afford to mess up our freight train system in the United States , " Geddes said . The prohibitive cost makes it more economically feasible to limit high-speed rail to regions with high populations , like the Northeast , Geddes said . Funding Included in the White House statement were details about how public and private funds would be combined to pay for these projects , including "  transformational investments such as an infrastructure bank that will revolutionize infrastructure finance " by "  leveraging government resources through attracting private capital . " So far , the Department of Transportation has awarded $ 8 billion as a "  down payment " to begin developing projects in at least a dozen states . Newly elected governors in Wisconsin and Ohio have balked at the rail programs , prompting Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood to redirect Wisconsin 's $ 810 million and Ohio 's $ 400 million to other states . California is getting the lion 's share of the funds -- $ 624 million for its link between Los Angeles and San Francisco . About $ 342 million is going to Florida , and the remainder will be divided among Washington and 10 other states . This was not the first time Obama has rallied the nation to renew its commitment to infrastructure . Last year , backed by a group of governors and mayors , the president proposed a six-year $ 50 billion infrastructure development plan . Although he did n't specifically mention Obama 's infrastructure initiative during the official GOP response to the State of the Union address , Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , did target White House spending proposals that he said cost too much . "  Since taking office , President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25 % for domestic government agencies , an 84 % increase when you include the failed stimulus , " he said . "  All of this new government spending was sold as ` investment . ' Yet after two years , the unemployment rate remains above 9 % , and government has added over $ 3 trillion to our debt . " Internet gap This slipping U.S. infrastructure , Obama said , also includes the internet . Pointing out that South Korea enjoys greater internet access than the United States , the president called for a National Wireless Initiative , which aims to extend wireless internet coverage to 98 % of the U.S. population . South Korea has some of the fastest and most available broadband connections on the planet , according to a 2011 report from Akamai Technologies . The United States ranked ninth in fastest high-speed broadband connectivity , just below Belgium and above Canada . Current internet usage by Americans is around 75 % , said Jim Harper of the CATO Institute , a Washington-based conservative think tank . "  There are people -- who could very well get broadband -- who do n't want it . Where there is n't demand , we should n't have government policies trying to push it there because that 's just going to waste resources . " Federal officials should free up more of the airwaves ' electromagnetic spectrum for use by private wireless internet providers as a way to increase broadband access and competition among businesses , said Harper . He agrees that internet access is directly related to a stronger economy . "  If you 're able to access information more quickly , then that increases productivity -- especially in an economy like ours which is increasingly a knowledge-based economy , " he said . The White House , in a statement released Tuesday , said greater internet access "  will enable businesses to grow faster , students to learn more , and public safety officials to access state-of-the-art , secure , nationwide , and interoperable mobile communications . " CNN 's Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	Obama calls on Congress to redouble efforts to rebuild infrastructure He proposes high-speed rail ; repairing roads and bridges ; more internet access President : Projects will be "  fully paid for " and will create jobs Critic : Using freight lines for high-speed rail could cost tens of billions per year
CNN  -- In a country with a flourishing porn industry and an annual penis festival , it may come as a surprise that an artist with a mission to make female genitalia "  more casual and pop " has run afoul of authorities . But in Japan , a conceptual artist known for creating works inspired by her genitals is being held by Tokyo police on charges of sharing obscene material electronically . Megumi Igarashi , who goes by the pseudonym Rokudenashiko  which means "  good-for-nothing kid "  , launched a crowd-funding campaign to raise money to build a kayak in the shape of her vagina using a 3-D printer . In exchange for donations , supporters of the project were given data that would allow them to make their own 3-D prints of her genitals . Police arrested Igarashi Saturday , charging her with "  distributing data that could create an obscene shape through a 3-D printer . " The 42-year-old denies the charges , saying that she does n't acknowledge that the work is "  an obscenity . " For her , it 's a piece of fine art . In fact , Igarashi came up with the the idea for the project based on her own self doubt . Female genitalia is such a taboo in Japanese society , she explained on her fundraising page , that it has become "  overly hidden . " She did not know what a vagina "  should look like , " she said , and worried that her own was "  abnormal . " Images of penises , on the other hand , were an acceptable part of pop culture , she said .  And anyone who 's witnessed crowds licking phallic lollipops and sporting penis-shaped glasses at Japan 's "  Festival of the Steel Phallus " will find it difficult to argue with her . The artist has embarked on a whole series of cutesy works inspired by the female anatomy , from smartphone cases to a giant kawaii mascot . She created miniature dioramas , including one of workers toiling away in a vagina-shaped crevice at Fukushima 's damaged nuclear plant . Many critics of her arrest have pointed out that Japan only banned the possession of child pornography a month ago , and even then , the ban excludes explicit anime and manga cartoons . Distributing uncensored images of real genitalia is a crime under the country 's obscenity laws . More than 17,000 people had signed an online petition calling for Igarashi 's release as of Wednesday . One of her lawyers , Kazuyuki Minami , acknowledges that not everyone will appreciate Igarashi 's work , but says that her case is about more than artistic expression . "  Whether you experience empathy with her works that challenge a taboo will depend on the individual 's sensitivity . However , all people who believe in freedom and equality of human beings should understand that her arrest and detention was not right thing . " Police are still questioning Igarashi , a spokesperson for the Tokyo Metropolitan Police told CNN Wednesday . The earliest the artist can be released is August 8 , although police can hold her for up to 20 days in order to gather evidence because she denies the charges , the spokesperson said . If convicted , she could face up to two years jail time or a fine of as much as 2.5 million yen  around US$ 24,500  , her lawyers say . China to deport Tiananmen ` pork ' artist CNN 's Will Ripley and Junko Oguru reported from Tokyo ; Sophie Brown reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Japan detains artist known for creating works inspired by female genitalia Megumi Igarashi , 42 , is being held on charges of distributing obscene data Igarashi says her own insecurities and desire to shatter taboos inspire her work
CNN  -- Spanish football giants Barcelona have confirmed they have signed a huge new shirt sponsorship deal with the non-profit Qatar Foundation -- the first time they have received money to display a logo on their jerseys in the club 's history . Revealing the news on their official website , the Primera Liga champions could be in line to receive up to 170 million euros  $ 225m  for the five-and-a-half year deal , which incorporates commercial and image rights as well as various bonuses relating to success on the field . Children 's charity UNICEF has appeared on the club 's shirts in recent seasons and their logo will continue to feature prominently . However , kit manufacturer Nike will now redesign the jerseys to accomodate the name of the Qatar Foundation -- an organization set up in 1995 to improve education and community development in Qatar and the surrounding region . Following the news , UNICEF released a statement , saying : "  The groundbreaking partnership between UNICEF and FC Barcelona advanced the global message on the importance of children 's issues in a unique way . "  UNICEF is looking forward to the next stage of the collaboration and is exploring various options . " Barcelona also released a breakdown of how the funds will be received , with the club getting 15m euros  $ 20m  for the second half of the season and 30m euros  $ 40m  for each of the following five seasons -- with up to 5m euros  $ 7m  in bonuses for any titles won . The funds will provide a welcome boost for Barcelona , who have struggled financially , despite all their successes on the pitch . The Catalan club made a loss of 80m euros  $ 105m  last season and are reported to have debts in the region of 440m euros . The announcement also continues Qatar 's increasing influence in world football following their recent winning bid to host the 2022 World Cup finals .	Barcelona sign a huge new shirt sponsorship deal with the non-profit Qatar Foundation The Spanish champions could receive 170 million euros over five-and-a-half years Children 's charity UNICEF has sponsored the club 's shirts in recent seasons
CNN  -- A blond girl found in Greece whose birth parents were traced to a Bulgarian Roma village will be cared for by a foster family when she 's returned to Bulgaria , the government 's social services agency said Maria , as the girl was known by the Roma couple with whom she was living in central Greece , was at the center of an international mystery after police discovered her . DNA tests eventually showed that Saska Ruseva and her husband , Atanas Rusev , were her biological parents . Her mother told CNN that she wants her child back -- but that seems unlikely to happen for now . Maria , now being cared for by Greek children 's charity Smile of a Child , will instead be cared for by a foster family . The parents and their nine children have been living in poverty in a tumbledown , one-room mud brick house in the village of Nikolaevo , in central Bulgaria . Emil Todorov , director of the Children Protection Department of Bulgaria 's Agency for Social Assistance , told CNN it was not yet clear what documents Maria would arrive with . Bulgaria 's State Child Protection Agency has yet to say exactly when and how the girl will be brought from Greece , he said . Her interactions with her birth family will be determined by who is named as her legal guardian , he said . The Agency for Social Assistance is also taking action to care for the Bulgarian parents ' seven underage children . The two youngest , ages 2 and 3 , will stay with one foster family , said Todorov . Two other children will stay with another foster family , and a 15-year-old will stay with family members . The remaining two , ages 8 and 12 , will be staying at a specialized institution , because no appropriate foster families are available to take them in , he said . Working with the parents The placement of the children in foster care is only a temporary stage , Todorov said . The goal is to give the parents the chance to improve their living conditions -- in which case they can be reunited with their children . Social services will help the parents find a job , he said . "  We have to work with both parents , so that they can expand their parental potential , " said Todorov . While the children are in foster care , social workers will encourage frequent meetings with their parents , so that the family maintains its emotional connection , he said . "  We do n't take away the children , " he said . "  We count on the collaboration by the whole family to cope with this difficult situation . " The Agency for Social Assistance said it had determined the parents had another child too , who was "  abandoned by her parents and raised by a family in another city . " Bulgarian police are investigating the Rusevs on suspicion they sold Maria for illegal adoption . A Greek Roma couple -- Christos Salis and Eleftheria Dimopoulo -- who were found looking after the girl are in custody , charged with kidnapping . Daughter given away , says mother Ruseva told CNN that she and her husband left for Greece in 2009 to look for farm work . She says she left her eldest daughter Katia , now 20 years old , to care for the family while they were away . Ruseva says she was so thin she did not realize she was pregnant with Maria . "  I did n't know I was pregnant . I did n't even have a belly , " she said . Maria -- whom Ruseva originally named Stanka -- was born in a hospital in the Greek town of Lamia , about 70 kilometers  44 miles  from Farsala and the Roma camp where she was discovered this month . Ruseva said she cared for Maria for seven months while her husband worked in poorly paying odd jobs , picking fruit and vegetables . They often slept in the streets or nearby olive groves , as they had so little money . Then one day , when they took a job picking oranges , a woman offered to take care of their daughter and they gave her to the woman because they could n't care for her themselves , Ruseva said . She denies selling the baby , saying she loves her and wants her back . CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report .	NEW : Social workers will try to help parents improve living conditions so children can return Maria will be cared for by a foster family in Bulgaria , authorities there say Her birth parents were found to be a Roma couple in Bulgaria The couple 's other underage children will now be cared for by authorities
London  CNN  -- Greece 's banking sector is being snubbed by its European peers as the country 's recession deepens . And even as immediate fears about the country 's exit from the eurozone fade on the latest austerity deal , the impact on Greece 's banking sector -- deeply intertwined with the fate of the country itself -- will be long-lasting . But a leading voice in the sector says the country 's austerity measures are working , and Greece 's remaining banks will emerge from the crisis in a stronger position . Read more : Everything you wanted to know about the euro crisis  but were afraid to ask European banks have been offloading Greek subsidiaries as they seek to minimize exposure to the troubled country . Greek banks , knocked by losses imposed as part of the bailouts , are also facing recapitalization demands in return for cash assistance . Eurozone back in recession Piraeus Bank , the country 's fourth-largest bank , last month bought Geniki Bank from French bank Societe Generale . The sale price was 1 million euro , with Societe Generale also committing to expenditure of 444 million euros through an advance to Geniki and a subscription to a Piraeus Bank bond . The deal made a 130 million euro dent in Societe Generale 's third-quarter earnings . Read more : How the euro crisis will affect you French bank Credit Agricole also offloaded its Greek subsidiary , Emporiki , to Alpha Bank at a loss of 1.96 billion euros in October , a deal that then contributed to its third-quarter loss of 2.85 billion euros . Alex Manos , managing director of Piraeus Bank , said banks ' departures from Greece were driven by shareholder pressures . He told CNN : "  They want out and want some quiet time , and will reconsider their options . " Read more : Euro crisis : Should I cancel my vacation ? But Greek banking maintains strong links with its European peers , even as they exit the country , Manos said . "  We will continue to have relationships with other banks , " he said . He hopes as the macro risks decrease we "  will eventually see banks coming back to invest in Greece . " However , he added , "  Societe Generale and Credit Agricole are not coming back to Greece anytime soon . " Read more : The pain in Spain that threatens the eurozone Analysts point to the banks ' exits from Greece as providing both positives and negatives for the country . While the Greek banking sector risks being marooned from its European peers , the exits ease the way for restructurings , they say . According to Daiwa credit analyst Michael Symonds : "  It is surely a negative that foreign lenders do n't see a future for them in Greece -LSB- but -RSB- their exit will enable a faster and more comprehensive overhaul of the sector . " Read more : The eurozone 's reluctant leader Elisabeth Afseth , of Investec , agrees . "  It is difficult to have a very positive view on Greek banking ; consolidation is a positive , foreign flight is not . " She added : "  Threat of a second sovereign default remains . " Manos points to government shareholdings as the greater risk for the Greek banking sector . Piraeus Bank lost 6.2 billion euros . pre-tax , on so-called "  PSI , " or cuts made to the value of Greek government debt . The losses pushed the bank toward state aid , an irony which creates a moral hazard , Manos said . Read more : Finland minister : Bid to stem euro crisis is working "  The more losses the government imposes on banks , the more it is rewarded with greater control in the banks , " he said . This needs to be understood as the recapitalization process continues , he added . However , Manos does support a drive from the troika -- made up of the European Central Bank , European Union and International Monetary Fund -- for significant structural reforms . "  The public sector has to be streamlined , " Manos said . "  Everything that allows the private sector greater share in the economy needs to be implemented . " Read more : Euro crisis opens old wounds for Greece , Germany His comments came as Greece continues to wait on a vital financial lifeline of 31.5 billion euros from its international lenders that will allow it to pay short-term debts and recapitalize its banks . The country has also been given two more years to meet its fiscal targets . Manos remains positive about Greece 's future in the eurozone . He believes the country will stay within the common currency bloc but adds : "  The economy has to reach a point of stability soon . "	Greece 's banks are being snubbed by European peers as country 's recession deepens But a leading voice in the sector says the country 's austerity measures are working Piraeus Bank boss Alex Manos says Greece 's banks will emerge from the crisis stronger
Dublin , Ireland  CNN  -- The former personal assistant of Adam Clayton of the Irish rock band U2 was sentenced Friday to seven years in prison for stealing 2.8 million euros  about $ 3.45 million  of Clayton 's money . Carol Hawkins , 49 , was convicted last week of 181 counts of theft from Clayton 's bank accounts over a four-year period while she worked for him . The jury at the Circuit Criminal Court in Dublin was told that Hawkins embezzled the money to fund a lavish lifestyle , including luxury holidays , cars , shopping at designer boutiques in New York and buying 22 horses . In the sentencing , Judge Patrick McCartan said that "  these were crimes rooted in greed and nothing else . " "  Nothing , frankly , could explain away the scale of this dishonesty other than the greed in pursuit of a lavish lifestyle that was no responsibility of Mr. Clayton 's , " the judge said . The judge also ordered that the proceeds of a sale of an apartment in New York bought by Hawkins be handed over to Clayton . Clayton -- the bass guitarist with U2 -- was n't in court for sentencing but had given evidence for the prosecution during the case . Hawkins , who is originally from England but lives in Dublin , has insisted on her innocence . The court was told that the mother of two had gained the musician 's "  absolute trust " during the 17 years she worked for him . However , her deception emerged in 2008 when she confessed to booking herself flights worth almost $ 19,000 on his account to visit her children in the United States and London . Jurors were told that Hawkins was a signatory on two of Clayton 's bank accounts and wrote 181 checks to deposit into her own accounts . She was originally employed as a housekeeper for Clayton in 1992 but her duties eventually evolved to include helping to take care of Clayton 's accounts . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Carol Hawkins , 49 , was the personal assistant to U2 's Adam Clayton "  These were crimes rooted in greed and nothing else , " the judge says during sentencing "  Nothing , frankly , could explain away the scale of this dishonesty , " the judge adds Hawkins is convicted of 181 counts of theft from Clayton 's bank accounts over four years
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Rebels battling for control of northern Yemen clashed against tribesmen on Friday , leaving dozens dead in fighting just miles from the country 's capital , officials told CNN . At least 42 people were killed and more than a dozen injured in clashes between Houthi Shiite militants and fighters from the Sunni Hashid tribe in the Amran province , which is seen as a linchpin to controlling the region , according to two security officials and a local tribal leader . The reports of fighting come as cease-fire negotiations are under way to put an end to the fighting that has plagued Yemen since late last year , spurred in part by a power vacuum left by the departure of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh . Tensions between the rebel Houthis and the Hashid , which includes Sunni tribesmen and conservative Islamic Salafists , began to rise last October , when the Houthis blamed the Hashid for standing behind the killing of one of its members . Earlier this month , President Abdurabu Hadi helped negotiate a short-lived truce . Cease-fire negotiations were set to resume with both sides on Sunday , according to officials . There were countering claims by the two sides about who had gained ground in the fighting . The Hashid tribe claimed victory over the Houthis in the Amran province towns of Khaiwan and Dannan , Fawzy al-Jaradi , a tribal spokesman said . But the Houthis denied the claim , with the group 's spokesman Mohammed AbdulSalam claiming their fighters gained territory . Meanwhile , at least 15 Yemeni soldiers were killed and three injured Friday when masked gunmen attacked a military post in the Yemeni province of Hadramout , three senior security officials told CNN . Further details about the attack , including who was behind it , were n't immediately available . Yemen is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , believed by many analysts to be the most dangerous affiliate of the terror network .	Shiite militants are battling Sunni tribesmen in northern Yemen At least 42 people died and dozens more were injured in fighting , officials say Cease-fire negotiations are set to resume on Sunday
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama does not foresee a scenario of "  American boots on the ground in Syria , " telling reporters Friday that it would not be good for the United States or for that county . "  As a general rule , I do n't rule things out as commander-in-chief , because circumstances change , " Obama said during a joint news conference with President Laura Chinchilla of Costa Rica , where the president stopped during a three-day visit to the region . "  Having said that , I do not foresee a scenario in which boots on the ground in Syria , American boots on the ground in Syria , would be good for America or be good for Syria . " Obama said he has consulted with leaders in the region who want to see stability return to Syria , and "  they agree with that assessment . " Even so , the president said that if the United States confirms the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian government against its people , "  that 's a game changer for us . " He did not elaborate on what steps would be taken , repeating as he has said previously that the United States would wait until it has more details of evidence of chemical weapons use in Syria before making any decision on whether to alter strategy . "  We have evidence that chemical weapons have been used . We do n't know when , where or how they were used , " Obama said . Obama 's assessment was supported by Michael Oren , Israel 's ambassador to the United States . "  This was a military assessment of intelligence ; like all intelligence assessments , there 's no absolute certitude , " he told CNN 's Jake Tapper on Friday . "  Our assessment was confirmed by British , French and American sources . But it 's true that the usage of chemical weapons by the Syrian regime or anybody in Syria is being closely monitored by our intelligence agency and continues to be discussed at the highest levels between the Israeli and U.S. governments . " But in recent days , the Pentagon has stepped up planning for potential military intervention in Syria , which would most likely include the use of fighter jets and cruise missiles , two administration officials who were not authorized to publicly discuss the matter told CNN . For now , Obama said , the United States is continuing its investigation , and working with its Middle East and European allies . The president 's comments follow a number of claims in recent weeks that the Syrian government has used chemical weapons against its people in a more than two-year civil war . The United Nations estimates some 70,000 people have died in the fighting . Syria had denied the use of chemical weapons , accusing the United States of manipulating evidence to pressure President Bashar al-Assad to step down . Obama has been under fire by some in the United States , including Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , for not taking a tougher stance with Syria . The president said the United States is "  not waiting . " "  We are not standing by , " he said , adding that the United States has been the largest contributor of humanitarian aid and nonlethal aid to the opposition . "  We are actively engaged on a day-to-day basis to deal with this crisis to restore a Syria that is respectful of the rights and aspirations of the Syrian people . " In addition to Syria 's possible use of chemical weapons against rebels , another concern is that parts of the government 's stockpile of chemical weapons -- which analysts believe is one of the world 's largest and includes sarin , mustard and VX gases -- could end up , if they have n't already , in others ' hands . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	"  As a general rule , I do n't rule things out as commander-in-chief , " president says Obama says he has discussed the issue with leaders in the region and they agree He says there is evidence of chemical weapons use in Syria "  We do n't know when , where or how they were used , " the president says
CNN  -- An American lawyer based in Moscow who used to work at the U.S. Embassy there was expelled from Russia two weeks ago , his law firm said on Monday . Thomas Firestone was refused admission to Russia on May 5 , according to the law firm Baker & McKenzie . "  We have no reason to believe that our colleague has engaged in wrongdoing of any kind , " the firm said in a statement . "  Neither our colleague nor we have been informed of the reason for this action . " Until 2012 , Firestone was the resident legal adviser at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , specializing in crime and corruption issues in Russia . In September , he became a senior counsel in Baker & McKenzie 's Moscow office . Now he is working at the firm 's Washington office , the firm said . The U.S. State Department was not notified of the expulsion , a spokesman said Monday , and Russia would not be obliged to inform the United States . "  I do n't have any information on this particular individual , " said spokesman Patrick Ventrell . "  He was a private citizen . " According to the New York Times , one source familiar with the case said Firestone turned down a March request from Russian intelligence operatives to spy for Russia . It is unclear whether that alleged approach is related to his expulsion . But after a trip abroad , when Firestone tried to return to Russia , he was detained for 16 hours at the Moscow airport and was eventually put on a plane to the United States , the newspaper said . A representative at the Russian Embassy in Washington declined to comment , and according to Russian state news agency RIA Novosti , Russia 's Foreign Ministry declined to comment as well . A week after Firestone 's expulsion , Moscow publicly announced the expulsion of another American , Ryan Fogle , who worked at the U.S. Embassy . Fogle was accused of trying to recruit Russians to spy for the United States , and Russian officials released a video of him being detained while wearing a wig . The video also showed a map , a compass and other paraphernalia that were said to be in his possession at the time . Top officials from Russia and the United States have denied that the espionage claims are affecting relations between the two countries . But at least one former counterintelligence official says the expulsions are designed to send a message . "  These things are stage-managed ; they 're orchestrated for maximum effect , " said Joel Brenner , who served as the national counterintelligence executive from 2006 to 2009 and wrote the book "  America the Vulnerable . " "  The Russians are letting us know across the board now that they 're not our friends . "	Former legal adviser for the U.S. Embassy in Moscow is denied re-entry to Russia Thomas Firestone was working for Baker & McKenzie when he was expelled May 5 Another American , Ryan Fogle , was kicked out , accused of trying to recruit spies Russians are saying "  they 're not our friends , " ex-government official says
A jury recommended Friday that Joshua Komisarjevsky receive the death penalty for his role in a deadly Connecticut home invasion in 2007 . The decision was made after more than five days of deliberations following a six-week penalty phase of a case whose grisly details may have helped slow efforts to abolish capital punishment in Connecticut . "  We believe justice has been served , " said William Petit , the sole survivor of a brutal attack that left his wife and two daughters dead in their Cheshire , Connecticut home . "  We think society will be a little safer with he and his co-defendant locked up and facing the death penalty . " Flanked by family members , Petit thanked jurors for Friday 's decision , acknowledging the public support he says he 's received throughout the duration of the trial . Still , Petit said , there 's never complete closure when you lose your family . Judge Jon Blue is expected weigh the jury 's recommendation in sentencing Komisarjevsky , who was convicted in October on six capital felony charges . The 12-member jury voted for death by lethal injection on each of the six counts . Sentencing is scheduled for 10 a.m. January 27 . Blue also instructed jurors not to comment on Friday 's decision to avoid jeopardizing the verdict . "  You have done something many people find impossible , " said Blue , acknowledging that jurors had been "  exposed to profoundly disturbing evidence . " Komisarjevsky , 31 , showed little emotion as authorities led him out of the courtroom in handcuffs . His accomplice , Steven Hayes , the first defendant to stand trial in the case , was sentenced to death after a jury convicted him on 16 of 17 charges last year . Prosecutors argued that Hayes and Komisarjevsky went into the Petit home , beat and tied up William Petit , raped and strangled his wife , molested one of their daughters and set the house on fire before attempting to flee . Before assaulting and killing Jennifer Hawke-Petit , Hayes forced her to go to a bank and withdraw $ 15,000 from an account after finding evidence that the account held between $ 20,000 and $ 30,000 , authorities said . The two daughters , who were both tied to their beds , died of smoke inhalation , while William Petit managed to escape from the basement , where he had been held . Before the home invasion and murders , Hayes had been charged with third-degree burglary in 2003 and sentenced to five years in prison . He was released only three years later to a halfway house , where he met the man who would later become his accomplice . Komisarjevsky 's attorneys have petitioned for leniency , arguing that their client had no prior history of violence , was abused as a child and had been committed to a mental hospital for depression . "  Its just wrong  for jurors  to give their authorization ... to kill this man , " attorney Jeremiah Donovan said . "  Appropriate punishment in this case is to confine Joshua in a state prison . " He called Komisarjevsky 's family dysfunctional , pointing to his uncle , Chris , who told reporters that he supported the jurors ' decision and that Joshua had to take responsibility for his actions . "  The crime was monstrous and beyond anyone 's comprehension , " he said , offering his apologies to the Petit family .	Komisarjevsky 's attorneys say that killing their client is wrong Komisarjevsky was convicted in October on six felony charges His accomplice , Steven Hayes , has been sentenced to death "  We believe justice has been served , " William Petit says
On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " CNN host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . This week , King traveled to Peoria , Illinois , to explore how the recession is hitting the blue-collar town hard . Chris Guynn says he 's grateful that his wife has a full-time job while he studies for life after Caterpillar . PEORIA , Illinois  CNN  -- Suddenly , this city 's motto rings hollow : "  It 's Better Here " does n't match the mood in a place where the recession hit late but is now hitting hard . "  I just felt , I thought I could n't lose with this company " is how Chris Guynn described his motivation for moving his wife and two children to Peoria from Las Vegas , Nevada . There was a job waiting at Caterpillar , the 80-year-old heavy equipment giant , and "  It was a company that you could just retire with , great pension , retirement , 401 and so on . " Guynn is one of 20,000 workers Caterpillar will shed by the end of the first quarter of 2009 , a decision the company announced this week . The company says the job cuts are necessary because of a decline in orders that it attributed to the U.S. and global recession . Now , Guynn is enrolled at classes at Central Illinois College , grateful his wife has a full-time job at a local call center , and was nervously waiting to find out not if but when his last day would be . That shoe dropped Friday , when 814 employees at the Mossville plant who had gotten notice that they would be let go arrived at work to learn that this was their final day . Watch how one family tries to cope with layoffs " There was more bad news : On Friday , Caterpillar announced that it is eliminating an additional 2,110 jobs at three Illinois plants to match production with falling demand . To visit Peoria is to meet the faces behind the numbers : rising new claims for unemployment benefits and the rising state and national unemployment rates . Guynn follows the news and knows that a major economic stimulus package is being debated in Washington . Guynn is skeptical when he hears that politicians are looking to spend more than $ 800 billion , yet he does voice faith in the new president who calls Illinois home . "  I believe he 's going to help it out , " Guynn said in an interview at the college . "  Everyone is worth giving that chance to . ... I want to give him a fair shot . I know it 's not going to happen overnight , but I 'm willing to see what he 's going to do . " Still , Guynn acknowledges that not all anxious workers are as patient . " I mean , it was basically left to him , you know , he did n't really do it , in my opinion , but it 's his problem now . " As President Obama works to meet those high expectations and deal with mounting conservative criticism of his approach , Guynn is hoping his classes eventually land him a new career as a crime lab technician . "  I 'm 36 years old . I 've waited many years to get back into school , but finally I 'm doing it . This is the perfect time . ... I 'm not happy to get laid off , but at the same time , I 'm looking to further myself with a better career . " Christy Williams ' choices are starkly different . She is a single mother of five young children , ranging in age from 5 to 14 . Not having a second income to help cushion the blow of losing her job at Caterpillar adds to the stress , something Williams vows to keep hidden from her children . To that end , she waited until the end of her two-week notice period before telling them Mom would suddenly be spending more time at home . "  I do n't let them see that I 'm stressed out about things , " Williams told us as her two youngest watched television in a lower-level family room of her Peoria home . "  I waited . I did n't tell them right away . The two 5-year-olds , I did n't think they would understand what that meant anyway . So I just waited until I was done working , and then I said , ` Things are going to be a little bit different . I 'm going to be home in the morning , you know , when you go to school and when you get home from school . ' And we 've just kind of gone that route . " Williams , who worked as an administrative assistant , had never been laid off . She has a four-year college degree and initially was optimistic that she would quickly find work . Now , with about 10 weeks of unemployment benefits left and a bleak job market , Williams is getting more nervous and keeping an even more watchful eye on the family budget . "  Just everything in general has been , had to be cut back , " she says . "  I really went into it thinking I would have a much easier time finding a new job . Looking for something , I thought it was going to be easier for me than it has been . " Williams shrugs when asked how the politicians in Washington could help her as they debate an economic stimulus package and says she is beginning to compromise in her job search , looking for openings in retail sales or other positions that would pay her less than at Caterpillar but allow her to keep up with the mortgage and feed her children . "  I 'm very nervous , " Williams said . "  I 'm very nervous of what will be available , and every day on the news , there 's more layoffs that are being shown , in our town as well as the nation . " Williams said she has no advice for President Obama and Congress , but she is watching "  now more than ever . " On the floor of one of Caterpillar 's giant assembly plants , however , Jim Lierle is quick with a warning that lawmakers looking to help blue-collar workers like him might think again about one idea gaining steam in Congress . The House and Senate versions of the legislation include "  Buy American " clauses that direct the stimulus money to American made goods and services . On the surface , that should help Caterpillar , whose giant earth movers and other heavy equipment would be in demand if billions are spent on highway and other infrastructure problems . But there is a reason the recession hit late here : Half or more of Caterpillar 's business is tied to overseas exports , and only recently has the global slowdown caught up with the squeeze many American manufacturers were already feeling at home . If Congress mandates "  buy American , " Lierle echoes Caterpillar management in worrying other countries will retaliate with trade sanctions , and the company 's exports will dip even more . "  We 're worldwide , " Lierle said during a walk on the factory floor in East Peoria . "  I do n't know why our government would n't support us , too . ... We 've got to have that market . We 've got to have it . Fifty percent of these tractors will go overseas . We ca n't lose that . If we lose that , we 're gon na go down . " Watch Jim Lierle discuss situation at Caterpillar " His 39 years at Caterpillar protect Lierle from the current plan to shed 20,000 jobs , but he knows many of the workers who are gone , or who will be let go over the next couple of months , and worries that a way of life in blue-collar industrial towns like Peoria is coming to an end . Like many , Lierle hopes a new administration in Washington will help bring an economic turnaround . But he is more reserved than many here when it comes to rating the new president . "  I respect the rank , but the man has to earn respect from me , " Lierle said . "  I do n't give respect . They have to earn it . And so far , I have n't seen a whole lot that anybody 's earned . ... I 'm not going to judge the man yet . I 'll see what he does . Give him the benefit of the doubt . See what he comes up with . The way he 's talking , he 's made a lot of promises . It 's gon na be hard to fulfill all those promises . And he 's sure not gon na do it in the first six months . "  I 've got a lot of patience , " Lierle said . "  I 've been married for 36 years . I 've got a lot of patience . "	Global market means job cuts hit Peoria later than other parts of the U.S. Caterpillar , a large employer in Peoria , is cutting 20,000 jobs worldwide One employee 's wife has full-time job ; he 's attending classes for second career Another employee , a single mother of five , has nothing to fall back on
CNN  -- Manchester United returned to the top of English Premier League with a 5-0 crushing of crisis club Portsmouth on Saturday , while Liverpool kept their Champions League bid on track with a 1-0 victory in the derby against Everton . United went one point clear of Chelsea , who host third-placed Arsenal on Sunday , and Liverpool climbed into fourth despite having a man sent off . Sixth-placed Manchester City could have joined Liverpool on 44 points but suffered a shock 2-1 defeat at Hull City , who moved out of the relegation zone . Tottenham were unable to reclaim fourth place after being held 0-0 at home by fellow European hopefuls Aston Villa in the late match . Portsmouth 's season went from bad to worse at Old Trafford to end a week that saw Hong Kong-based businessman Balram Chainrai become the club 's fourth owner in six months ahead of a winding-up hearing due to tax debts next Wednesday . England striker Wayne Rooney put United ahead in the 40th minute with his 23rd league goal this season with a header from Darren Fletcher 's cross , then Nani 's close-range effort was deflected off Anthony Vanden Borre , who was credited with an own-goal , onto goalkeeper David James and into the net just before halftime . It was 3-0 after 59 minutes as Portsmouth 's Richard Hughes deflected a shot by Michael Carrick past James , then United striker Dimitar Berbatov fired in a low effort three minutes later . The visitors then conceded a third own-goal in the 69th minute as Mark Wilson diverted Patrice Evra 's cross into his own net to leave Portsmouth six points adrift of second-bottom Wolverhampton Wanderers , who play Midlands rivals Birmingham on Sunday . Liverpool played for 55 minutes with 10 men against Everton after Greek defender Sotirios Kyrgiakos was sent off for a two-footed tackle on Marouane Fellaini , but claimed a vital home victory thanks to Dirk Kuyt 's 50th goal for the Merseyside club . The Dutch striker headed home Steven Gerrard 's corner from close range in the 55th minute , and Everton struggled to break down their rivals ' determined defense before also being reduced to 10 men when South Africa midfielder Steven Pienaar received his second booking in time added on . Manchester City welcomed back England defender Wayne Bridge for his first outing in two months following injury -- and also since tabloid revelations which on Friday saw Chelsea 's John Terry stripped of the national captaincy due to an alleged affair he had with his ex-teammate 's former partner . But it was Hull , who drew 1-1 with Chelsea on Tuesday , who took the lead in the 31st minute when Jozy Altidore scored his first league goal . The United States striker , whose relatives were affected by the Haiti earthquake , curled in a fine shot after a layoff by fellow frontman Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink , whose fellow Dutchman George Boateng made it 2-0 nine minutes after halftime with a 25-yard volley from half-cleared corner . Roberto Mancini 's City pulled one back five minutes when Emmanuel Adebayor scored from close range after a corner by Stephen Ireland , but the visitors could not equalize despite bringing on new signing Patrick Vieira for his debut . Tottenham could not find a way past Aston Villa 's veteran American goalkeeper Brad Friedel , who pulled off a string of fine saves . The hosts appealed in vain for a late penalty when midweek hat-trick hero Jermain Defoe was brought down by Villa midfielder Stiliyan Petrov , then his strike partner Peter Crouch missed with a back-heeled attempt from close range in time added on . Fulham consolidated 10th place with a 0-0 draw at Bolton , who were left a point above the relegation zone after having a late header by captain Kevin Davies ruled out for a push on Brede Hangeland . Stoke leapfrogged Blackburn into 11th place with a crushing 3-0 win over the visitors in manager Tony Pulis 's 300th match in charge of the club . Goals from full-back Danny Higginbotham and striker Mamady Sidibe made it 2-0 at halftime , then Blackburn defender Christopher Samba was sent off for a second yellow card before Matthew Etherington wrapped up victory on 67 minutes . The match was marred by the news that a man , reportedly a Blackburn fan , was taken to hospital in a critical condition with a head injury after being found unconscious at the start of the second half . Police are investigating the matter . Sunderland remained 13th after coming from behind to draw 1-1 with Wigan , who led through Mohamed Diame before Kenywne Jones headed home on 64 to give manager Steve Bruce a point against his former club . Sunderland , however , have not won in 11 games while Wigan -- knocked out of the FA Cup by fourth division Notts County in midweek -- are just two points above the drop zone . Burnley moved out of the bottom three with a 2-1 win at home to fellow strugglers West Ham to give manager Brian Laws his first victory since taking charge and the club 's first in 13 league outings . Loan striker David Nugent opened the scoring before debutant defender Danny Fox doubled the lead , while substitute Ilan pulled one back for West Ham late on after fellow new signing Mido hit the post .	Manchester United return to top of English Premier League with 5-0 crushing of Portsmouth United go one point clear of Chelsea , who host third-placed Arsenal on Sunday Liverpool move into fourth place after beating Everton 1-0 despite having man sent off Tottenham left in fifth place after drawing 0-0 at home to Aston Villa in late match
At first blush , the biography of Iranian actress Pegah Ahangarani could read very much like my own . Ahangarani is a working actress who supports social causes in her time away from set . The difference ? In October , Ahangarani was sentenced to 18 months in prison for her peaceful activism . In this regard , she is just the latest in a string of filmmakers and actors of Iranian cinema -- including acclaimed filmmakers Jafar Panahi and Mohammad Rasoulof and actor Ramin Parchami -- to be arrested or sentenced to lengthy prison terms in recent years . Panahi and Rasoulof each were sentenced to prison -- the former for six years and the latter for five -- and banned from filmmaking for 20 years , accused of making "  anti-regime propaganda . " Parchami , a prominent actor , was sentenced to prison after he was arrested in anti-government protests . Many more have been arrested and jailed . In my role as a spokesperson for Amnesty International USA and as a supporter of various charitable causes including Unlock Iran , a campaign to release prisoners of conscience in Iran , I have never been faced with the threat of intimidation or arrest . Indeed , I can not even fathom that speaking out for the most vulnerable in society and those locked up for peaceful expression and activities would , in turn , be grounds for my own detention and arrest by government authorities . A celebrated and hugely popular actress in her native Iran , Ahangarani first landed on the radar of the Iranian authorities for her open support of opposition figure Mir-Hossein Mousavi , which led to her arrest in July 2009 in the aftermath of a disputed presidential election in Iran . Another arrest in July 2011 followed , as well as a ban on her leaving the country . Now she has been sentenced to 18 months in prison for "  acting against national security and links to foreign media . " The idea that an actress -- mostly lauded for her performances in more than a dozen films -- somehow represents a threat to Iran 's national security is laughable at best . But in Ahangarani 's case , far from anything humorous , the allegations have actually resulted in the sober prospect of real prison time . Ironically , Ahangarani 's sentence was handed down just a month after the reopening of the House of Cinema in Tehran , which had been unceremoniously ordered to shut its doors during the tenure of former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Although the reopening was welcomed by many as a delivery of one of the promises that President Hassan Rouhani made on the campaign trail to increase cultural freedoms for Iranians , the reality is that artists such as Ahangarani , rapper Amir Tataloo and poets Mehdi Mousavi and Fatemeh Ekhtesari -- who were arrested in December and later released -- continue to come under fire for their peaceful exercise of creative expression . And it 's not only artists who languish in Iran 's prisons . According to Unlock Iran 's reporting , at least 845 people are prisoners of conscience in Iran , jailed for the peaceful exercise of their lifestyle , beliefs or profession . The list of hundreds includes lawyers , students , bloggers , journalists , labor union activists and political opponents . The crisis is so acute that U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon recently admonished the Iranian government for continuing to jail a large number of political prisoners . And just last month , the mandate of a U.N. expert assessing Iran 's human rights record was renewed for yet another year because of the chronic nature of human rights abuses in the country . Aside from all the reports of abuses , it is an odd thing when your counterpart in another society has experiences that are directly opposite to your own . My human rights activism has been widely met with encouragement and support . Ahangarani should earn plaudits , not only for her cinematic achievements , but also for her humanitarian deeds and her commitment to increased rights and freedoms for all . She should not be intimidated and silenced with the threat of a lengthy prison sentence looming over her head . Ahangarani 's only "  crime " is that she dared be an agent of change and speak out in support of women and young people . The Iranian leadership is keen to prove that it is ready to engage with the international community , both on resolution of the nuclear issue in ongoing negotiations and renewal of economic ties . In addition to these concerns , human rights should be made an equal priority . A good first step would be the unconditional pardon of the 843 prisoners of rights and the hundreds of others , such as Ahangarani , who are waiting to serve out their sentences . Ahangarani , and all those risking their own freedom to ensure the rights of others , are national treasures , not national traitors .	Iranian Pegah Ahangarani is actress and activist , as is Iranian-born Nazanin Boniadi But Boniadi has never been harassed for activism , while Ahangarani is sentenced to jail Boniadi : 845 people are political prisoners in Iran , from all walks of life and careers Boniadi : Human rights in Iran should be just as important as nuclear issues
CNN  -- Malala Yousufzai , the Pakistani schoolgirl activist who was shot in the head by the Taliban , has expressed gratitude to the people around the world who have supported her as she recovers from the traumatic attack . "  Thank you so much for the outpouring of love and support , " Malala said in a message read by Anderson Cooper at the CNN Heroes ceremony in Los Angeles . "  I thank the people that supported me without distinguishing religion and color . " Malala has been campaigning for girls ' right to education in a conservative area of Pakistan for years . In her message , she praised girls in northwestern Pakistan "  who are continuing their studies despite threats from militants . " She is now at a hospital in Britain , where she was transferred to soon after the assassination attempt in northwestern Pakistan in October . Examinations there revealed that she had suffered no major neurological damage , but she still faces a long struggle to recover from her injuries . Malala is reading books and walking in the hospital in the city of Birmingham , according to her father , Ziauddin Yousufzai . Her story generated a huge amount sympathy and support in Pakistan and across the globe . The Pakistani Taliban have threatened to go after her again , but Malala appears to be undeterred from her campaigning . "  People have actually supported a cause , not an individual , " she said in her message . "  Let 's work together to educate girls around the world . " CNN 's Kyle Almond and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Malala Yousufzai says thank you for "  the outpouring of love and support " She is recovering in Britain after being shot by Taliban gunmen in Pakistan Her father says she is walking and reading books She expresses commitment to the cause of promoting girls ' education
Outgoing Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley took the state 's last four inmates off death row Wednesday , commuting their sentences to life in prison without parole in one of his final acts in office . The move comes as the Democrat considers a run for president -- a long-shot bid that many Democrats only expect to gain steam if Hillary Clinton opts not to run . O'Malley 's office announced the move in a release Wednesday morning , noting that the state 's legislature had abolished the death penalty with a law that took effect in May 2013 and that the state 's courts and attorney general have questioned whether the state has legal authority to carry out death sentences that were already imposed . "  In the final analysis , there is one truth that stands between and before all of us , " O'Malley said in a statement . "  That truth is this -- few of us would ever wish for our children or grandchildren to kill another human being or to take part in the killing of another human being . The legislature has expressed this truth by abolishing the death penalty in Maryland . " The four inmates whose sentences were commuted are Vernon Lee Evans Jr. and Anthony Grandison Sr. , who were convicted of the 1983 contract killing of two witnesses scheduled to testify in a federal drug trial ; Heath William Burch , convicted of killing an elderly neighbor couple in 1995 ; and Jody Lee Miles , convicted of robbing and shooting a theater manager in 1997 . O'Malley said in the statement that he 'd met with the families of the victims of the four convicted killers whose sentences he commuted , and said they would suffer through "  the additional torment of an un-ending legal process . " "  In my judgment , leaving these death sentences in place does not serve the public good of the people of Maryland -- present or future , " O'Malley said . "  Gubernatorial inaction -- at this point in the legal process -- would , in my judgment , needlessly and callously subject survivors , and the people of Maryland , to the ordeal of an endless appeals process , with unpredictable twists and turns , and without any hope of finality or closure , " he said .	Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley commuted his state 's only four remaining death sentences Wednesday O'Malley 's move comes after the state legislature abolished the death penalty O'Malley is just days away from leaving office and is considering a 2016 Democratic presidential bid
CNN  -- Hispanics are described as the largest minority group in the United States , as a burgeoning force in the electorate and as an untapped frontier of the business market . Yet these descriptions belie the complexity of the 44 million people to whom they refer . Susana Clar , with daughters Vanessa  left  and Virna  center  , says the labels "  Hispanic " and "  Latino " are limiting . Even the terms used to name them -- Hispanics , Hispanic-Americans , Latinos , Latino-Americans , the Spanish-surnamed -- too tightly package the people categorized by those definitions , some observers say . "  We are mixed and we are many things , " said Phillip Rodriguez , a documentary filmmaker . Many of his films , such as "  Los Angeles Now " and "  Brown is the New Green : George Lopez and the American Dream , " explore the experience and identity of Latinos in the United States . Latinos "  very often do n't share language , do n't share class circumstances , do n't share education ; it 's very difficult to speak about them as one thing , " he said . From a census standpoint , being of Hispanic or Latino origin means a person identifies himself in one of four listed categories : Mexican , Puerto Rican , Cuban or "  other Spanish , Hispanic or Latino " origin . In the latter more open-ended category , respondents can write in specific origins , such as Salvadoran , Argentinean or Dominican . According to a Pew Hispanic Center/Kaiser Family Foundation survey in 2002 , that is how most Latinos choose to identify themselves . When asked which terms they would use first to describe themselves , 54 percent said they primarily identify themselves in terms of their or their parents ' country of origin . About one quarter choose "  Latino " or "  Hispanic , " and 21 percent chose "  American . " But the broader terms -- Latino , Hispanic -- are the ones tossed about when the media want to discuss a "  trend among Latinos , " or when a politician appeals to the "  Hispanic vote . " The U.S. government came up with the term "  Hispanic " in the 1970s to generally refer to people who could trace their origin to Spanish-speaking countries . The term "  Latino " refers to origins from Latin America , which includes non-Spanish speaking countries like Brazil . The terms are often used interchangeably , which is a point of some contention in the wider community . But do the terms carry meaning among the people to whom they refer , or are they merely governmental designations ? "  That 's the way you call our people , " Susana Clar , 52 , said of the terms . She and her family emigrated from Uruguay nearly two decades ago , and she works as a vice president in her daughter , Vanessa Di Palma 's , Salt Lake City , Utah-based communications firm . "  Either you are Latino -LSB- or -RSB- Hispanic . I 'm fine with that , but I think that we are so much more than that , " Clar said . Manuel Baez , 49 , a native of the Dominican Republic who owns an insurance agency in Tampa , Florida , laughingly answered the question of how he identifies himself . "  Manuel or Manny , " he said , adding , "  We 're being put together in this package and that 's too hard , " he said , stressing that he did n't like labels . He continued , "  Dominican-American really represents who I am , instead of Dominican or Latino . " He never uses Hispanic to identify himself because "  I am mixed , " Baez said . "  Hispanic does n't go with me because I do n't believe that Spain was the best thing for Latin America . " "  For me ... there is no such thing as a Latino identity , " said Suzanne Oboler , professor of Puerto Rican and Latino studies at John Jay College at the City University of New York . "  There 's certainly a cultural understanding ... -LSB- And -RSB- a political identity , " she said , noting that the many different groups will join on particular issues such as immigration and wages . But she stressed that it was not a homogenous group . "  Not all Latinos speak Spanish , for example . Not all Latinos are going to vote Democratic ... All Latinos are not immigrants . " Others , such as Carl J. Kravetz , a longtime veteran of Hispanic marketing , said similarities among the different subsets of Latinos do show a Latino identity , one partly fused through the group 's experience in the United States . Kravetz heads a Los Angeles-based Hispanic advertising agency called cruz/kravetz : IDEAS . The Association of Hispanic Advertising Agencies embarked on a Latino cultural identity project last year -- when Kravetz was the organization 's chairman -- to better understand a group of consumers they felt could not be adequately reached through the traditional Spanish-language market . There is "  very definitely a Latino identity , " Kravetz said . It is drawn along parallels in values and ways of thinking and regardless of country of origin , the group tends to "  cluster " in a few areas , he said . Those areas include interpersonal relationships  Latinos tend to emphasize family ; individuality is not as important  , perceptions of time and space  they have longer time horizons and have a relaxed sense of privacy  , and spirituality  religion and spirituality have a strong influence on Latino life and perception of the world  . David Chitel , the founder of New Generation Latino Consortium , a group of advertising and media companies , also said there are definite cultural ties among Latinos , particularly between those born in the United States . So much so , he said , that he and others coined the term "  new generation Latinos " to refer to them . "  We 're talking about people that have grown up here in the U.S. in Latino households , most likely with their parents speaking Spanish at home , eating certain foods at home , certain values and traditions that are instilled in them , from music to religious beliefs to the importance of family , these sorts of things , " Chitel said . "  And it creates very much an identity that is Latino . " Chitel said this group of U.S.-born Latinos should be reached with culturally nuanced media , in the same way the African-American market functions . Still , some chafe at the labels . "  Every time it comes up it just kind of annoys me and makes me mad , " Anna Rivas , of Boulder , Colorado , said of her background . Her parents emigrated from Mexico before she was born , but she said she 's never identified with the Mexican culture . "  On a regular basis I get asked where I 'm from , " she said . "  And I 'll usually reply , ` My parents are from Mexico . ' And I do n't say , ` I 'm Hispanic or Latino , or I 'm from Mexico , ' because I 'm not . " E-mail to a friend	There are more than 44 million people of Hispanic origin in the U.S. The community includes diverse national origins , generations , languages Some observers say enough similarities exist to project a communal identity
CNN  -- Twenty-five of 27 spent-fuel storage casks at a Virginia nuclear plant were shifted between 1 and 4 inches during last week 's 5.8-magnitude earthquake , officials said Thursday . The cylinders , each 16 feet tall and weighing 115 tons , were not damaged , and no radiation was released , said Rick Zuercher , spokesman for Dominion Virginia Power , which operates the North Anna Power Station near Louisa , Virginia . Monitors were hooked up to the casks to determine any abnormalities , he said . He said the casks ' movement was known shortly after the quake , which had an epicenter less than 20 miles from the plant , but the news was not released to the public . "  We had a lot going on , " Zuercher said . "  There was no indication of any problem ... and there is n't any problem . " Besides those casks , which are vertical , some of the horizontal bunkers holding spent fuel also were affected . The concrete "  came loose on the face " of "  a few " of the bunkers , Zuercher said , but the damage is not considered serious . The bunkers -- of which 13 of the 26 hold rods -- are each 16 feet long and weigh 50 tons . It is the first time such casks have been shifted by an earthquake in U.S. history , said Roger Hannah , spokesman for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , as it 's the first time a quake of this magnitude was felt at a nuclear plant in the country . The safety standards for such casks , he said , are "  unbelievable . " They undergo a rigorous series of tests , including crash tests and burning . "  To say they are robust would be an understatement , " Hannah said . Zuercher , however , confirmed a report in the Washington Post that Dominion Virginia Power had notified the NRC last Friday that the earthquake might have shaken the power station more than it was designed to handle . The NRC already has an "  augmented inspection team " at the North Anna plant to conduct a review of effects from the earthquake . The team will review the casks ' shifting as part of that investigation , Hannah said . The NRC initially sent a seismic expert and a structural expert to assist resident inspectors at the site after the earthquake , but "  further reviews indicated that additional inspection is warranted , " the commission said in a statement issued Monday . An augmented inspection team is formed "  to review more significant events or issues " at NRC facilities , and includes technical experts and additional inspectors . An alert was declared at the North Anna station just after the quake struck . The plant 's two units shut down automatically after the facility lost off-site power , according to the NRC . Emergency diesel generators provided power to cool the reactors until off-site power was restored a few hours later . "  An alert is the next-to-lowest NRC emergency classification for plant events , and the North Anna station exited the alert after off-site power was restored , " the commission said in a statement . Both reactors remain in what is called a "  cold shutdown , " Zuercher said . There is no timetable for their reactivation , he said . CNN 's Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	NEW : The nuclear plant might have been shaken harder than it was designed to bear The casks , each weighing 115 tons , moved between 1 and 4 inches in the quake No radiation was released and the casks were not damaged , an official says The safety standards for such casks are "  unbelievable , " an NRC spokesman says
CNN  -- Ahead of upcoming nuclear talks , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad downplayed the threat Israel poses to Iran , comparing it to an annoying bug . "  Israel is nothing more than a mosquito which can not see the broad horizon of the Iranian nation , " he said Saturday in northeastern Iran 's Khorassan province , according to the semi-official Fars news agency . Ahmadinejad said "  regional states " were being duped into buying billions in arms from "  arrogant and imperial powers , " driven in part by all the talk surrounding a potential war involving Iran and Israel , the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency reported . Such military purchases , he said , are unnecessary because there is no war on the horizon between those two nations . The Iranian president alluded to "  rulers " who sold "  their petrol " for $ 60 billion worth in arms , though he did not mention by name either the purchasing or selling country . Saudi Arabia is in the midst of a 20-year , $ 60 billion arms deal with the United States , including nearly $ 30 billion for F-15 fighter jets announced late last year . Ahmadinejad has long questioned the existence of the Holocaust and , months after taking office in October 2005 , he participated in a lengthy protest called "  World Without Zionism " and has repeatedly derided Israel . "  With the force of God behind it , we shall soon experience a world without the United States and Zionism , " he said then , according to another IRNA report . On Saturday , while seemingly backing away from the potential for an armed conflict , Ahmadinejad hardly signaled that Iranians should or will embrace Israel . He predicted Israel could fall if regional powers cut ties -- particularly by refusing to sell oil to Israelis . Tensions have ramped up in recent years over Iran 's controversial nuclear program . Iran claims it is being developed for peaceful means , while Western powers and Israel say they think Iran is evading international inspections and intent on developing nuclear weapons . This sentiment has led to sweeping sanctions targeting Iran 's economy , government and its leaders . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been a particularly harsh , persistent critic of Iran 's leadership and nuclear program , with rumors circulating for months that Israel may pre-emptively strike nuclear sites in Iran and possibly set off a regional war . And Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , last Friday "  blasted the U.S. war-mongering rhetoric against Iran , " including President Barack Obama 's assertion that "  all options are on the table . " He added war "  can be 10 times more harmful to " the United States than Iran , according to a Fars report . Even with all the back-and-forth , there has been an apparent shift recently in the tone , and manner , of dialogue between the two sides . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton described nuclear talks last month in Istanbul , Turkey , between international and Iranian diplomats on nuclear matters as "  constructive and useful . " And Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi said last week that he was optimistic that there would be progress in continued talks with the United States , Russia , China , Germany , France and Britain -- the so-called P5 +1 , Fars reported . Those parties are set to meet again May 23 in Baghdad . Before then , discussions in Vienna , Austria , will be held on Monday and Tuesday to address "  outstanding issues and remove ambiguities , " Iran 's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency Ali-Asghar Soltanieh said , according to Fars . CNN 's Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report .	NEW : Ahmadinejad says "  regional states " have little need to purchase arms Iran 's president calls Israel a mosquito , downplaying the prospect of war Talks on Iran 's nuclear program are set for next week in Austria , ahead of P5 +1 talks Iran 's foreign minister recently said he 's optimistic there will be progress
Rolling Stone  -- A bronze sculpture of Willie Nelson will be erected later this month in Austin , Texas . The statue , a gift to the city from the non-profit group Capital Area Statues , Inc. , will be unveiled at 4:20 p.m. on April 20 as a nod to the country star 's reputation as a stoner . The eight-foot tall , one-ton bronze statue was created by sculptor Clete Shields . "  Creating a sculpture of such an icon while he is still living presents its challenges , " Shields said in a statement . "  For many , the Willie they connect with is the Outlaw Willie of the Seventies , or the influential advocate for Farm Aid in the Eighties , while others -- especially a younger generation -- grew fond of him during his more mature years . The sculpture needed to appeal to a broad audience and conjure up the fond memories of so many different people . " The unveiling event will include an appearance by Nelson himself , who will be in town to perform at ACL Live at the Moody Theatre as part of the We Walk the Line show celebrating the music of Johnny Cash . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	A bronze sculpture of Willie Nelson will be erected in Austin The statue is a gift to the city from the non-profit group Capital Area Statues The unveiling event will include an appearance by Nelson himself
A pregnant woman is beaten to death by her relatives outside a court building . And for what ? She eloped with the man she loved rather than marry the groom chosen by her family . The terrible fate of Farzana Parveen , 25 , is one shared by all too many women in Pakistan and elsewhere . She was killed in the name of "  honor , " on the grounds her actions had brought shame on her family . "  I do not even wish to use the phrase ` honour killing ' : there is not the faintest vestige of honour in killing a woman in this way , " U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said in a statement condemning the killing . Pillay called on Pakistan 's government to work harder to stop such killings and protect women from violence . According to a report published in April by the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan , 869 women in the country were the victims of honor killings last year . And activists say the true number may be much higher . Parveen 's killing is all the more shocking because it was so public . She was beaten to death with bricks close to the high court in the eastern city of Lahore by a group of about 20 people , including her brothers , father and cousin , police said . One family member made a noose of rough cloth around her neck while her brothers smashed bricks into her skull , said Mushtaq Ahmed , a police official , citing the preliminary report into the killing . She was three months pregnant , he said . So-called honor killings often originate from tribal traditions in Pakistan but are not a part of Islam . Although they 're common in rural areas , Tuesday 's attack in a public area of a big city was unusual . Police officials said Parveen , who came from a village in Punjab , had refused to wed the cousin whom her family had selected for her , choosing instead to elope with a widower named Mohammad Iqbal . The cousin intended for her husband was among the people who attacked her , police said . Sudanese woman sentenced to death for her Christianity gives birth ` Barbaric ' attack The family had challenged Parveen 's marriage to Iqbal in the courts , accusing him of abducting her . The attack took place as she was on her way from her lawyer 's office to the high court in Lahore , where she was expected to make a declaration that she had married Iqbal of her own volition . One of Pakistan 's leading newspapers , The Nation , expressed outrage over Parveen 's killing . "  The familiar brand of barbaric ` justice ' yet again triumphs over the written law of the land , " it said in an editorial Wednesday . "  Another case is settled outside the courts . Another woman , in search of justice , stoned to death , in the name of honor . " Farzana Bari , a human rights activist based in Islamabad , said the real number may be far higher than the Human Rights Commission 's official count since many families do n't report the crimes . She said that in many cases , people outside the family do n't step in to protect the victim . "  I 've seen in the past people stand around and watch , and do n't intervene because it is a private matter , " she told CNN on Wednesday . "  I think honor killing is very much part of our culture . It is a cultural form of violence which is quite prevalent in certain parts of Pakistan . " Honor killings happen more often in rural , tribal areas , Bari said , but urban cases occur , too . Since many cases are not reported , police have no record and rights groups that try to document what 's happening must do so through media reports and incomplete data . "  There is no systematic information gathered in Pakistan that tells us the extent of the problem , " she said . Impunity said to encourage killers And the killers often avoid prosecution . Under an Islamic element of Pakistani law , known as the law of Diyat , the family of a victim is allowed to forgive the perpetrator , according to the human rights commission 's report . "  Thus the victim 's family usually is related to the perpetrator as well , and conveniently forgives their kin , absolving them of the murder , " the report said . That possibility of impunity has "  continued to encourage others to follow suit , " it said . Bari gave a similar picture and called for a change in Pakistan 's laws to protect women and the vulnerable . "  Basically , the people have no fear of law because there is a culture of impunity and , as a result of that , people feel free and they can commit such acts outside the courts of justice , " she said . She blames such actions also on violent and extremist attitudes which , she said , drive people to act even if they are aware of the potential consequences . "  I think we must generally reflect on the sick mindset of the society , " she said . Police said they had arrested Parveen 's father , whose name they gave only as Azeem . They said he had admitted to the killing and expressed no regret . Search warrants are out for the other men accused of attacking her . Why marrying for love should never mean death Gunmen on motorbikes kill American doctor in Pakistan India , Pakistan leaders meet , signal steps to rebuild trust	Farzana Parveen , 25 , was beaten with bricks in the city of Lahore Her family was unhappy she had married a man against their wishes She was on her way to court when she was attacked U.N. commissioner condemns killing ; asks Pakistan to do more to protect women
South Korea 's President made an emotional apology Monday over the ferry disaster that killed close to 300 people last month and said she would dismantle the country 's coast guard . "  As the President who should be responsible for people 's life and security , I am sincerely apologizing to the people for having to suffer pain , " said President Park Geun-hye in a televised speech . "  The final responsibility for not being able to respond properly lies on me . " The Sewol ferry sank en route to the resort island of Jeju on April 16 , leaving more than 304 people dead or missing . Most of the passengers were high school students on a field trip . "  As a President , I feel a sense of sorrow for not being able to protect them during their family trip , " said Park , whose approval ratings have dropped significantly in the weeks since the sinking . The Sewol disaster caused widespread outrage in South Korea over lax safety standards and the failure to rescue more people as the ship foundered . Questions have been raised over the government 's oversight of the ferry industry and its handling of the crisis . Coast guard under fire Park slammed the coast guard for its role in the disaster , saying it "  failed in its duty to carry out the rescue operation . " The coast guard has been criticized amid suggestions it could have saved more passengers as the ferry was sinking into the frigid waters of the Yellow Sea . "  After serious consideration , I 've decided to dismantle the coast guard , " Park said . "  The investigation and information roles will be transferred to the police while the rescue and salvage operation and ocean security roles will be transferred to the department for national safety which will be newly established . " Shedding tears , she proposed building a monument to the victims and setting aside April 16 as a day to focus on safety . "  I , again , pray for those who passed away during the incident and express my deep condolence to the families , " Park said . She singled out people -- both passengers and crew members -- who perished trying to save the lives of others . "  I believe these people are the real heroes of our generation , " Park said . Captain , others charged The captain and crew members who survived have come under particularly heavy criticism . They are accused of telling passengers to stay put as the ferry began to capsize and then being among the first people to leave the stricken vessel . A chief prosecutor announced last week that the captain and three other crew members have been charged with murder . Eleven other crew members have been indicted on charges of abandonment and violating a ship safety act . Investigators have identified problems with the cargo , including overloading and the failure to secure it properly , as being among the likely reasons for the Sewol 's sinking . They have said modifications to the ship last year , in which passenger cabins were added to increase its capacity , may have contributed to problems with the ship 's balance . The chief executive of the ferry operator is facing charges of causing death by negligence , as well as causing the capsizing of the ship in the line of duty . The investigation into the disaster is ongoing , as is the underwater search for the 18 people who remain missing from the sinking . Captain , 3 crew members face murder charges What went wrong on the ferry ?	President Park Geun-hye sheds tears as she recalls ferry victims She says the coast guard "  failed in its duty to carry out the rescue operation " The Sewol ferry sank in the Yellow Sea en route to a resort island on April 16 Most of the passengers were students on a high-school field trip
London  CNN  -- There was a time in the 1960s and 70s when Jimmy Savile seemed to be everywhere in Britain . The BBC television personality with his trademark white-blonde hair was the face of "  Top of the Pops " and "  Jim 'll Fix It . " Families would sit down with their children to watch Jimmy Savile in their homes . So when nine-year-old Kevin Cook learned his scout troop would be featured on Savile 's show in 1974 , he was absolutely thrilled . Cook told CNN : "  He was almost God-like . He was so famous . Everyone was writing to ` Jim 'll Fix It . ' When I told people at school , they just did n't believe it . When they knew we was going on , he was just fantastic . He was the person every child , certainly , wanted to know . " After the show , Cook presented a tie to Savile as a present . That 's when he says Savile asked him if he would like his own "  Jim 'll Fix it " badge . According to Cook , Savile lead him backstage at BBC studios into a small , cluttered dressing room and sat him down in a chair . Profile : From national treasure to reviled ` abuser ' "  He said to me : ` You want your own badge ? ' I said : ` Yeah . ' He said : ` You want to earn your badge ? ' " Savile proceeded to molest him , he says , undoing his boy scout uniform and fondling him . It was only interrupted when someone opened the door and peeked in , apologized and immediately walked out . That , he says , is when Savile issued this threat : "  He said , ` Do n't you dare tell anyone about this . No one will believe you because I 'm King Jimmy . Do n't tell your mates . We know where you live . ' And that 's it . That 's the last I ever spoke to him , " Cook told CNN . Cook kept the incident a secret for 37 years . When a number of women came forward several weeks ago with claims that Savile abused them as children , he decided to tell his wife . "  When I first heard , I thought , ` Oh my God . ' I blamed myself for 37 years . That 's the first thing you do . Blame yourself . But I was realizing it 's not my fault . That 's a relief . Do you tell anyone ? I do n't want to tell anyone else but my wife , I thought . " Immediately after he told his wife , Cook says , they called the police . TV icon sex abuse scandal rocks the BBC Cook 's case is now one of more than 200 allegations of abuse by Savile that UK police are investigating , stretching back as far as 1958 and as recently as 2006 - some of the incidents are alleged to have happened on BBC property . Jimmy Savile died in 2011 , and Cook has no hope of bringing him to justice . But he does want an investigation into what BBC executives knew - and when -- about Savile 's alleged predatory behavior , and whether they could have stopped it . "  I feel hatred towards them , " he says of the BBC . "  Somebody must have known something . Obviously it was just covered up . That 's disgraceful because , I do n't know when it was known , but if it was -LSB- before -RSB- my incident , this might not have happened to me . " The BBC says it is launching an investigation into whether the culture and practices there at the time allowed Savile to carry out the sexual abuse of children . The broadcaster says that investigation will begin once it gets the go-ahead from authorities . In testimony before British lawmakers Tuesday , BBC Director General George Entwistle said , right now , the broadcaster is working with police and has sought to ensure nothing it does would compromise their investigation . Kevin says he feels guilty for not reporting the alleged incident sooner , and is now urging others to come forward . "  I 've come forward now . If anyone ever suffered any abuse , you will be believed . It 's the hardest thing I could have ever imagined to do , " Cook said . "  Even after all these years , I still ca n't watch the man . "	Jimmy Savile was a hugely popular television and radio host in the UK Since his death in 2011 , he has been accused of dozens of counts of child abuse Kevin Cook says he was abused by Savile when he appeared on his show in 1974 The allegations are the subject of investigations by the police and the BBC
Click here for video Thursday , August 20 , 2009 8:13 PM ET - Gruesome details emerging from Buena Park police in the brutal death of 28 year old Jasmine Fiore . Not only was Fiore stuffed in a suitcase and thrown away in a dumpster , but we learn Fiore 's teeth and fingers were removed . Authorities believe the murder suspect , Ryan Jenkins , is armed with a handgun , still on the run , most likely in Canada .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer 7:24 PM ET - Moments ago Buena Park , California police announced that as of this afternoon an arrest warrant has been issued for Ryan Jenkins in the murder of 28 year old swimsuit model Jasmine Fiore . Jenkins is officially a fugitive . Although Jenkins ' black BMW has been located in Washington State , Fiore 's white Mercedes is still missing . Authorities do believe Jenkins has crossed the border into Canada and they are now working with Canadian Royal Police to apprehend Jenkins .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer 6:23 PM ET - Major developments right now ! The Orange County DA 's office confirms they will file murder charges against reality TV star Ryan Jenkins in the brutal death of swimsuit model Jasmine Fiore . A news conference is set to take place any moment , standby for more details . We will also bring you all the latest developments on the show at 8pm EST for the full hour tonight .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer 3 PM ET - Is a reality TV star wanted for questioning in the murder of swimsuit model 28 year old Jasmine Fiore on the run ? LA cops have been unable to get in touch with Ryan Jenkins since Jenkins reported her missing and cops discovered the gorgeous model dead inside a suitcase dumped inside a Buena Park apartment complex dumpster . The last reported sightings of Jenkins were in San Diego alongside Fiore , before her death and within the last 48 hours near a Washington state marina . Jenkins ' car and empty boat trailer discovered at that marina alongside the US-Canadian border . The Buena Park police are set to hold a news conference shortly .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer 1:41 PM ET - Investigators confirm a reality TV star they want to question in connection with the murder of swimsuit beauty Jasmine Fiore may be heading for the border . A car and empty boat trailer belonging to Ryan Jenkins was discovered at a marina in Washington State , a few miles from the Canadian border . Authorities say Jenkins most likely walked across the border to British Columbia . LAPD wants to question Jenkins as a person of interest in Fiore 's death because he was one of the last people to see her , reported her missing hours before the model 's body was found , then took off . Jenkins has a criminal domestic violence record and was best known for his appearance on VH1 's "  Megan Wants a Millionaire " . In light of the investigation , VH1 has shut down airing any more new episodes .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer Wednesday , August 19 , 2009 : 7:28 PM ET - Preliminary reports are the swimsuit model found dead in a suitcase inside a Buena Park , California dumpster was strangled . Jasmine Fiore had signs of physical trauma when her body was discovered Saturday morning . The shocking discovery came just hours after her husband , reality TV star , Ryan Jenkins reported Fiore missing . The pair was last spotted in San Diego at a poker game Friday night . And the skeletons are already flying out of the closet for Jenkins . We 've just received a criminal report stemming from a 2005 assault case in Calgary , Alberta involving Jenkins and a woman who was not Jasmine Fiore .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer 5:36 PM ET - A reality TV star is making headlines at this hour for something other than appearing on the airwaves on VH1 's "  Megan Wants a Millionaire . " Police want to question 32 year old Ryan Jenkins in connection with the brutal death of a young , gorgeous swimsuit model . 28 year old Jasmine Fiore vanished after a poker tournament in San Diego . Fiore was allegedly there with Jenkins and reports are the two were husband and wife , secretly married in Las Vegas . Police confirm Jenkins was the one who reported Fiore missing Saturday night , just hours after her body was discovered in a bloody suitcase , thrown away like trash at a Buena Park apartment complex dumpster ... but then Jenkins went missing . There are two vehicles of interest in the search for Jenkins ... Fiore 's white 2007 Mercedes CL S550 and Jenkins ' black BMW X5 . Police say Jenkins could be behind the wheel of either car .  From Stacey Newman , Nancy Grace Producer	Jasmine Fiore , 28 , was found choked to death and stuffed in a suitcase Her husband , reality star Ryan Alexander Jenkins now a murder suspect in the case Jenkins reported Fiore missing last Saturday night
San Diego  CNN  -- Not so long ago , we defined relations between Mexico and the United States by how its president got along with our president . Yet , when the U.S. chief executive is distracted by events in Russia and the Middle East , what counts now is how Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto relates to the governors of U.S. states . As U.S. governors go , Pena Nieto has his favorites and his not-so-favorites . In the first camp , there is California Gov. Jerry Brown , who seems to be el presidente 's new BFF for pursuing a progressive agenda concerning Mexicans living in the Golden State . In the second camp , it 's a good bet that you 'll find Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who may be getting ready to fuel a 2016 presidential bid on anti-Mexico fear-mongering . With Americans concerned about immigration and drug violence , perhaps Perry 's gambit is that painting our neighbor as an obstacle to a secure border will play well with voters in conservative arenas like the Iowa Caucus . During a recent visit to Los Angeles , where he spoke to a gathering of several hundred dignitaries and Mexican and Mexican-American leaders , Pena Nieto praised Brown for pursuing a progressive agenda regarding Mexicans living in California . The Mexican leader made clear he is pleased that California is giving driver 's licenses to undocumented immigrants and making it easier for them to work and start businesses in the Golden State . "  I want to thank you for what you have done for migrants , especially the ones from Mexico , " Pena Nieto told the crowd . "  It 's no coincidence that my first visit to the United States is in California . " As opposed to , well , Texas -- which , nonetheless , might have been on Pena Nieto 's mind as he delivered his remarks . "  There are still states that have not evolved so much as California , that still skimp on recognition and , even worse , the rights of immigrants , " he said . "  Those who still believe and bet for the exclusion and discrimination or the rejection of diversity ... I only have one thing to say : the future , and a very near future , will demonstrate your ethical mistake . Time will show we 're right . " Pena Nieto did n't specifically name which states he was talking about . But , if you 've been following the news along the U.S.-Mexico border recently , you know that , as far as Mexico is concerned , Perry is on the naughty list . Eager to cast himself as the Republican candidate who is best-equipped to protect and defend the homeland against another terrorist attack , Perry recently floated the terrifying idea that Islamic terrorists affiliated with ISIS could have already entered the United States through the U.S.-Mexico border . "  There 's the obvious great concern that because of the condition of the border , from the standpoint of it not being secure and us not knowing who is penetrating across , that individuals from ISIS or other terrorist states could be , " Perry told a gathering at the Heritage Foundation , the conservative think tank based in Washington . "  I think it 's a very real possibility that they may have already used that . " It could be a "  real possibility " but -- as Perry acknowledged -- no evidence backs it up . Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby said on CNN 's "  New Day " that the Pentagon has "  no information that leads us to believe that " ISIS was crossing at the U.S.-Mexican border . " That said , we do know they have aspirations to hit Western targets , and it 's something ... we 've got to take seriously and we have to try and be ready for it . " So , if nothing points to this , why would the Texas governor say something so irresponsible ? See above , under "  Iowa Caucus . " Mexican Foreign Relations Secretary Jose Antonio Meade was not amused . He took Perry to task , insisting that his statements about Islamic fundamentalists crossing the U.S.-Mexico border were based on nothing more than "  beliefs , speculation and absolutely unfounded and absurd analysis . " That 's going easy . What Perry said was n't just absurd . It was dangerous . The marriage between the United States and Mexico is vitally important , and it pays dividends in law enforcement , economics , cross-border trade and intelligence gathering . A border governor should n't toy with damaging that relationship just to get a leg up on the next presidential election . And because Perry is a border governor , and thus privy to sensitive information gathered by the Texas Department of Homeland Security , he has to be especially careful about leaking some of that material -- either in total , or in part -- without putting it in its proper context . Letting the enemy know what we know is not smart , and it could put Americans in danger . That 's a high price to pay for a soundbite .	Texas Gov. Rick Perry said ISIS terrorists may come into U.S. through border with Mexico Ruben Navarrette : Pentagon rep said there is no evidence that ISIS is trying to cross border Navarrette : Perry seems to be mounting a bid for president on anti-Mexico fear-mongering Navarrette : Perry 's remarks absurd and put U.S.-Mexico ties in danger just to promote himself
New York  CNN  -- The gate crashers Michaele and Tareq Salahi want to be famous as stars of reality television . I am all for that . Give them a reality television series and call it "  Trial and Jailtime " in the D.C. criminal justice system . This despicable , desperate , duplicitous couple disgraced the Secret Service and embarrassed the president in his home . They totally overshadowed the president 's meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the leader of an important ally . The incident made the Obamas ' first state dinner , honoring the prime minister and his wife , Gursharan Kaur , fodder for comedians -- and it certainly raises security concerns for other world leaders visiting at later dates . The gate-crashers need to be held accountable and not glorified . Unless they have some excuse we have n't heard yet , the Salahis deserve to be charged with criminal trespassing and lying to federal officers for starters . Yes , they dressed for the occasion , but the Salahis are no different , and should n't be regarded any differently , than a nut case who jumps over the White House fence and tries to run in the front door . The only difference is that the fence-jumper would be shot ten feet from his entrance point . I worked in a couple of White Houses and have always had the greatest respect for the Secret Service . These men and women put their lives on the line daily and often serve in long and tedious tours of duty . I worked in the White House when President Reagan was shot and I saw the extraordinary bravery of Secret Service agent Timothy McCarthy , who was critically wounded when he took a bullet in the stomach after turning and putting his body between the president and the shooter , John Hinckley . But for all the bravery of its agents , the Secret Service lives in a world that demands zero defects . So I have to tell you I am appalled at the comments by the Secret Service spokesman who was described as saying it had n't been determined whether party-crashing is technically illegal . He went on to say he did n't believe the Salahis posed a security risk . Spin control is not needed now . Responsibility is the key word . Trespassing is illegal . How does the Secret Service know whether the Salahis were a risk or not ? The service apparently had not done a background check on them -- unlike every other guest and government employee in the tent that night -- because they were n't on the invitation list . Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan issued a rare apology , saying the service took full responsibility for the episode and was "  deeply concerned and embarrassed . " Not good enough ! He needs to determine who was responsible for letting the Salahis onto the White House grounds and fire whoever it was , before he thinks about offering his own resignation . Public servants have to be held accountable and now is a good time to start . Secretary of Defense Robert Gates has fired some of the top people in the military because they were not performing at the level he expected . Can Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , whose department oversees the Secret Service , expect any less ? Can an agency , Homeland Security , that has responsibility for securing our borders be trusted if it can not even secure the White House ? We live in a world of reality television in which egotists try to be famous for three minutes and land an appearance on the talk shows . The bigger question is what example this sets for our kids . If we glorify the actions of people like the Salahis and do n't hold them accountable , how do we teach our kids what is right and what is wrong ? The Salahis claim there 's more to the story . Their lawyer says they were n't crashing the party , but the Secret Service says otherwise . Based on the facts as we know them so far , there 's a simple way to deal with this case . Charge them , prosecute them , and if a D.C. jury finds them guilty , jail them . Make an example out of them . Then next November when the president is pardoning the Thanksgiving turkey , he can pardon them too . And after the pardon , as is traditional for the turkeys whose lives are spared , they can go live in Disney World -- a fantasy world that seems to be the perfect place for this pair . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Rollins .	The White House said an uninvited couple crashed the state dinner Ed Rollins says the incident was a disgrace and is n't a laughing matter He says the Secret Service must be held accountable for the lapse Rollins says the couple should be charged criminally and jailed if convicted
CNN  -- After days of insisting no formal complaints had been made about a teen gang calling themselves the "  Roast Busters , " New Zealand police now admit a 13-year-old girl made a rape allegation two years ago . The girl , now 15 , told 3 News on Wednesday that police officers asked her to re-enact the alleged rape using dolls during a videotaped interview in 2011 . "  It was traumatizing , " she said . The teenager repeated claims she said she 'd made to police that she 'd been raped by three boys from the "  Roast Busters , " a gang of teenagers whose online boasts about raping drunk underage girls caused outrage when they were exposed by local media this week . For days , police said they were powerless to arrest the boys because none of their alleged victims had filed a formal statement . However , on Wednesday , they admitted the girl had made a formal complaint just weeks after the alleged attack . "  An investigation was launched and the complaint was thoroughly investigated , " police said . "  Whilst this was a distressing situation for the girl and her family , police determined that there was not sufficient evidence to bring a prosecution . " WaitematÃ $ Police District Commander Superintendent Bill Searle told 3 News on Thursday the decision not to prosecute the girl 's alleged attackers would be reviewed in coming days . He also said he 'd be investigating why he was n't told a formal complaint existed , adding there was a "  little bit of disagreement " over what constituted a complaint . "  I was briefed there was no formal complaint . As far as I 'm concerned what the lady said was a formal complaint . I 'd like to apologize to her for any stress that this would have caused , " he told 3 News . Opinion : Do n't blame women 's drinking for rape He said he 'd also be investigating the girl 's claims she was asked a "  lot of questions " about what she was wearing at the time of the attack . She said officers asked "  why did you go out in this skirt ? " "  It 's not part of our policy , it 's not part of our general practice to ask these sorts of questions , " Searle said . The country 's police minister Anne Tolley has asked the Independent Police Conduct Authority  IPCA  to investigate the matter , particularly officers ' questioning of the then 13-year-old alleged rape victim . "  Parents of young girls need to have confidence that complaints to police about sexual assault are investigated thoroughly and appropriately , " she said in a statement . Referring to the apparent confusion over whether a formal complaint had ever been filed , she said she was "  disappointed " the full facts had not been divulged to her or the country 's police commissioner . "  I do n't expect to be told finer details of police operations . Police must remain independent of politicians . But I do expect police to be talking to each other , " she said . In a statement on Thursday , Police Commissioner Peter Marshall welcomed the independent review and said Waitemata District police remained "  absolutely committed " to pursuing the matter . "  Prosecuting these matters before the court requires a very high threshold , and we only get one opportunity to get it right . This means it absolutely critical for victims that we have the strongest case possible , backed by the appropriate evidence before we can proceed . " Earlier this week , Searle told CNN they had been actively monitoring the group since the first alleged offense was committed in 2011 . He said police interviewed two boys identified as the group 's ringleaders again on Monday , but they had n't admitted to anything that constitutes a criminal offense . "  The online claims themselves are not enough to warrant a prosecution , " Searle said . "  They might be morally inappropriate and unacceptable to us but we have to deal with evidence that would be admissible in a court of law and we have n't got to that stage yet . " Searle declined to confirm how many boys were involved in "  Roast Busters , " but said the two ringleaders led a "  core group , " as well as "  an associated group . " The boys were attending at least two different schools at the time the alleged offenses were committed but all have since graduated , he said . It 's believed they 're now around 17 to 18 years old . In a video posted to YouTube , two boys made no attempt to hide their faces as they told the camera : "  We do n't choose the roast , the roast chooses us ... They know what we 're like ; they know what they 're in for . " They boasted of their exploits on a number of social media sites , including Ask.fm and Twitter , as well as a Facebook page which has since been shut down . Searle said on Tuesday the boys had recently received death threats but had not requested police protection .	New Zealand police backtrack on earlier claims they 'd received no formal complaints about "  Roast Busters " They 've confirmed a 13-year-old girl made a video statement two years ago alleging she 'd been raped Officers decided at the time there was not enough evidence to file charges against the boys Alleged ringleaders have caused outrage with online boasts about raping drunk underage girls
New Delhi  CNN  The leaders of India and the United States , testing the diplomatic extent of their personal friendship , said on Sunday they 'd made progress on a deal allowing U.S. firms to cooperate on civilian nuclear power plants in India . U.S. companies are reluctant to construct nuclear plants in India if they are n't shielded from liability after accidents , an assurance Indian lawmakers have been unwilling to extend . President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi stopped short of announcing a full-fledged deal but did say they 'd moved forward on the issue . "  This is an important step that shows how we can work together to elevate our relationship , " Obama said during a press conference that came after bilateral talks with Modi . Obama touched down in India on Sunday for a truncated state visit that has officials claiming a new era in U.S.-India relations is dawning . Obama hopes to capitalize on his young friendship with Modi to achieve diplomatic progress on climate , defense and trade -- progress that has eluded U.S. leaders in the past . In a surprise break in protocol , Modi greeted Obama on the tarmac on his arrival in New Delhi and wrapped him in a hug . After a two-leg , 16-hour journey , Air Force One landed in New Delhi under midmorning fog around 10 a.m.  11:30 p.m. Saturday ET  . The overcast Indian capital was heavily fortified with extra security for the President 's trip ; police and military guards armed with machine guns patrolled roads and manned checkpoints throughout the city . Highways were shut well ahead of Obama 's arrival . The normally chaotic traffic scene was unusually serene hours before Obama 's landing . Even the city 's stray dogs and monkeys were being herded away from the routes Obama 's motorcade was scheduled to drive . A formal military presentation greeted Obama at the Indian President 's residence , and Obama joined Modi to lay a wreath at a memorial to Mahatma Gandhi . On Monday , Obama will be the first U.S. leader to headline India 's annual Republic Day parade , a colorful military spectacle featuring marching bands , dancing and lots of heavy machinery rolling down the stately Rajpath Boulevard . The White House says the invitation to act as the parade 's honored guest came as a major shock and could open the way for new cooperation between New Delhi and Washington . Obama himself sees the invitation as a "  transformational " moment for U.S.-India relations , according to his aides . "  I think it goes without saying that this is a seminal moment in the bilateral relationship , and that the extension of this invitation by the Prime Minister really continues to set a different tone for our reinvigorated partnership , " said Phil Reiner , senior director for South Asia on Obama 's National Security Council staff . But even the parade itself will act as a reminder of the decades of sometimes tense relations between the two countries . A military demonstration at heart , the vehicles and equipment parading before Obama on Monday will be mostly Russian-made , a vestige of India 's stance during the Cold War . Russia remains India 's largest supplier of weapons , and while their share is steadily decreasing , Russian military imports still amount to three-quarters of India 's stockpile . With U.S.-Russia relations worsening to Cold War levels , Obama hopes to balance Moscow 's influence in India during his visit this week . Officials also hope to exact climate commitments in New Delhi , where air quality warnings remained in place even during Obama 's visit . That 's a contrast to Obama 's trip late last year to Beijing , where roads were cleared and the air cleansed of its usual smog ahead of the President 's arrival . In China , Obama was able to secure historic carbon reduction promises from the new Premier there , though expectations for similar achievements in India were more measured . Indians working in the capital city on Sunday said they regarded Obama 's visit as a highly symbolic gesture from the United States -- one they said was well-received , despite the security headaches that his arrival caused . Local television networks profiled weavers preparing elaborate gold-threaded saris for first lady Michelle Obama , who is accompanying her husband for the three-day state visit . The pair had planned to visit the Taj Mahal in Agra , whose origins as a memorial to a Mughal emperor 's wife have made it a romantic draw for couples . The side trip was nixed , however , so Obama and the first lady could fly to Riyadh to pay respects to the late Saudi King Abdullah . Opinion : Modi and Obama 's surprising rapport	Obama hopes to capitalize on his relationship with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi India and the United States have shared sometimes frosty relations The United States wants to ease India away from its use of Russian-produced military weapons
CNN  -- He had a 20-gauge pump shotgun , which police say he personally sawed off . He had three shells . And he had a plan . The 12-year-old had all these when he entered a Roswell , New Mexico , middle school gymnasium and opened fire , State Police Chief Pete Kassetas said Wednesday . His first shot , which Kassetas characterized as "  birdshot , " hit the ceiling . The second went into the gym floor . The third sped toward the stands where , some 12 to 15 feet away , it hit two of a throng of students who had been waiting for classes to start . "  The victims were random , " the state police chief said . Having carried out three search warrants and conducted at least 60 "  primary interviews , " Kassetas laid out these and other details related to Tuesday morning 's shooting at Berrendo Middle School . But he did n't disclose everything , including the preteen shooter 's possible motive . "  We did find evidence that the suspect had planned this event , " Kassetas said . "  I ca n't discuss the particulars as to why . " It 's a question that many in Roswell , an eastern New Mexico city of just under 50,000 people , continue to ask themselves . That , and what do they do now . The suspect 's parents , Jim and Jennifer Campbell , and grandparents , Robert and Nancy Bowles , issued a statement Wednesday saying they are "  praying that God will be with everyone who has been affected . " The family singled out the two hospitalized victims , in particular . They did n't try to explain the shooter 's actions , which left "  his whole family ... heart broken , " though they did n't ignore his impact . "  For all of the anguish that many suffered yesterday , " his parents and grandparents said , "  our family offers our heartfelt condolences and remorse in words that we can not fully express . " The preteen faces three counts of aggravated battery , according to New Mexico state juvenile court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KOAT . 1 student 's condition critical , another is stable Berrendo Middle was closed Wednesday , but it will reopen Thursday . When it does , its teachers will all become counselors , charged with helping their students deal with this tragedy even if they are scarred themselves . School district Superintendent Tom Burris said he told those teachers : "  It 's a face of courage , it 's a face of love , and it 's a face of positive that you have to put on for every one of our kids . ... You are the leader that is going to lead these kids back  from  where they 've been in the last two days . " Two students will not be among them . They include 13-year-old Kendal Sanders , who Gov. Susana Martinez said suffered injuries to her right shoulder in the shooting . Her family got good news Tuesday night when doctors at University Medical Center in Lubbock , Texas -- about 175 miles east of the school -- upgraded her to stable condition . Kendal is likely to remain hospitalized for a week or more , the governor said . The other victim , who is 12 and whom officials are n't naming because of a request from his family , suffered injuries to the side of his face and neck , Martinez said . This boy has undergone at least two surgeries since the incident . "  He is in worse condition than Kendal , " the governor said Wednesday afternoon , "  and is still listed in critical condition . " As they recover in the west Texas hospital , Martinez urged people to keep praying for them and others affected by the violence . "  We want to be able to welcome them home , " the governor said . "  We do n't want ... the extreme tragedy of losing either one of them . " Police : Suspect took parents ' gun Another student , of course , who will be missing is the suspect . He is being held at an unspecified location in Albuquerque and has met with his parents , Kassetas said . In their statement , the parents indicated a judge "  ordered ... our son receive an evaluation and mental health treatment and sincerely want him to receive all of the help that he needs . " "  As a family we will cooperate in all ways with law enforcement to piece together how this awful tragedy occurred , " they said , voicing confidence in law enforcement , the local district attorney and the judicial system . Kassetas did say the shotgun came from the suspect 's home . His father bought the gun -- the only one of several weapons in the house not locked up in a safe -- some time ago at Walmart , according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation . Authorities believe the 12-year-old "  modified the weapon by cutting off the stock , " Kassetas said . Three search warrants have been executed in connection with the investigation : on the suspect 's locker , his duffel bag and his Roswell home . While the state police chief did n't elaborate , the law enforcement source said the suspect kept a handwritten journal at home describing "  what he was planning , what he wanted to do . " But just before he fired , authorities believe the suspect gave "  preliminary warnings ... to some select students who he ran into before he entered the gymnasium , " Kassetas said . ` Hero ' teacher Teacher John Masterson did n't know the shooter had used up all his ammunition when he walked to the student and persuaded him to put the gun down , Martinez said . "  Mr. Masterson ... was a hero ... who stood there and allowed a gun to be pointed right at him , " the governor said at a vigil Tuesday evening , "  and to talk down that young boy to drop the gun so that there would be no more young kids hurt . " The Berrendo staff directory lists John Masterson as an eighth-grade social studies teacher . Masterson has taught at the school for a decade , and also coaches track and soccer , according to the Albuquerque Journal . When contacted by the newspaper , he said police told him not to discuss details of the shooting . "  It was a harrowing experience , " he told the paper . "  All I can say was the staff there did a great job . " Teachers train to face school shooter ` These are our kids ' The attack understandably has rattled residents of Roswell , a city about 200 miles southeast of Albuquerque . It becomes the latest community in the United States -- joining places like Littleton , Colorado , and Paducah , Kentucky , and Newtown , Connecticut -- to go from a relatively peaceful enclave to a site of a horrific school shooting . Burris , the Roswell superintendent , said he and other school officials have received tremendous support , including offers from one unspecified Colorado school that "  has been involved in things like this . " He said members of the New Mexico community are rallying around each other , with a focus on not just the two injured students but also the shooter . "  These are our kids , " Burris said . "  They do n't stop being our kids because they are injured or they are incarcerated . " For now , officials acknowledge that students are far from over the hump . Martinez recalled talking to one middle schooler who was in the gym that morning , who told her , "  I 'm trying to shove it down , I 'm trying to push it down . " Monique Salcido , 13 , said she is "  in shock . " She was in the gym , and she saw two of her friends get hit . She told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Tuesday night that she does n't want to go back . Said Monique : "  I do n't want to go to Berrendo again because I 'm afraid it 's going to happen again . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Lateef Mungin , Chuck Johnston and Vanessa Juarez contributed to this report .	NEW : Source : The suspect had a journal at home describing "  what he wanted to do " NEW : His father bought the gun used in shooting at Walmart ; other guns were locked up This 12-year-old is accused of shooting 2 students in his school 's gymnasium His parents say a judge ordered that their son receive mental health treatment
It 's been seven years since "  Team Aniston " and "  Team Jolie " T-shirts were flying off the shelves . Now , with rings on their fingers , it seems both women have moved on , yet the saga continues . Many people are referencing Brangelina in the wake of Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux 's engagement . And if countless headlines like , "  Anything Brad can do ! As Pitt set to wed Angelina Jolie , ex-wife Jennifer Aniston announces her engagement ... " are any indication , the media has no intention of giving up on the love triangle . Even CNN commenters have taken sides , perpetuating a fictitious  we imagine  rivalry between the actresses . Opinion : We care that Aniston 's getting married . Why ? "  Brad so traded down ... Congrats Jenn & Justin I hope you all beat the odds and live happily ever after , " commenter Wilder Napalm wrote . Some commenters ' well wishes were masked by unkind words for Jolie : "  She 's the underdog ! we always root for the underdog . Brad Pitt left her for a puffy lipped bomb shell ! She got dumped ! plus the entire world talked about it . . So you Go Jen ! " james648 wrote . Aniston has also received her fair share of flak : "  Something must be wrong with her , Brad dropped her like a bad habit . " So why continue picking sides ? "  We like to take sides on everything , " said Fraser Ross , who owns Kitson , a boutique that sold Team Aniston and Team Jolie shirts back in 2005 . "  The thing with Jen is that she was in peoples ' living rooms for  10  years . ... People felt like they were one of her friends ... whereas Angelina was n't in our living rooms . " That might be why Team Aniston shirts sold faster than Team Jolie shirts , Ross said , adding , "  It was 25 to one at the beginning . " But do n't feel bad for Jolie just yet . Her fans have since shown support by purchasing "  Adopt Me Angelina " paraphernalia . "  My guess is that most people on Team Jolie would not be focusing on the fact that Brad Pitt left Jennifer Aniston for her , " said James C. Kaufman , a professor of psychology at California State University at San Bernardino and editor of the APA journal of Psychology of Popular Media Culture . "  They 're more seeing Jolie as this strong independent single woman who is both happily  engaged  and successful in her career and doing all this stuff with the travel and the charity and these generally positive things . " "  Team Aniston , " Kaufman added , "  more identifies with the girl next-door side who has been screwed over by her man . " Even though both women are engaged , Ross said he does n't anticipate any "  Mrs. Pitt " or "  Mrs. Theroux " T-shirts . "  We do n't want to dig up the past , " he said . Some CNN commenters , like Kkkkatie , echoed his sentiment : "  I do n't condone cheaters  if that is what happened with Brad and Angelina , who REALLY knows  but what I do know is that life is too short to stay in an unhappy marriage . I think it 's absurd that the public want to paint Jen as this ` wronged ' woman for the rest of her life . My God folks , lets just move on and let it go ! " Jennifer Aniston 's men	Many have referenced Brangelina in wake of Aniston-Theroux engagement CNN commenters have taken sides , perpetuating a fictitious  we imagine  rivalry Some commenters ' well wishes for Aniston were masked by unkind words for Jolie
Bountiful , Utah  CNN  -- It was two weeks after D-Day , a few miles from the bloody shores of Omaha Beach . An airstrip had been carved out of the Normandy countryside , costing the lives of 28 Army engineers at the hands of German snipers . A lone sniper still remained in the nighttime distance . Despite the risk , Capt. Jack Tueller felt compelled to play his trumpet . That afternoon , his P-47 fighter group had caught up with a retreating German Panzer division . As the U.S. Thunderbolts descended on their targets , they saw French women and children on top of the tanks . After an initial fly-by , the order was given to attack anyway . "  We were told those human shields were expendable , " Tueller said . Back at the airstrip , Tueller took out his trumpet . He 'd used it on many a starlit night to entertain the men of the 508th Squadron 404th Fighter Group . "  I was told , ` Captain , do n't play tonight ; your trumpet makes the most glorious sound , ' but I was stressed , " he said . He was so troubled that he was willing to take a chance the sniper would n't fire . "  I thought to myself , that German sniper is as lonely and scared as I am . How can I stop him from firing ? So I played that German 's love song , ` Lilly Marlene , ' made famous in the late '30s by Marlene Dietrich , the famous German actress . And I wailed that trumpet over those apple orchards of Normandy , and he did n't fire . " The next morning , the military police came up to Tueller and told him they had a German prisoner on the beach who kept asking , "  Who played that trumpet last night ? " "  I grabbed my trumpet and went down to the beach . There was a 19-year-old German , scared and lonesome . He was dressed like a French peasant to cloak his role as a sniper . And , crying , he said , ' I could n't fire because I thought of my fiancé . I thought of my mother and father , ' and he says , ` My role is finished . ' "  He stuck out his hand , and I shook the hand of the enemy , " Tueller said . " -LSB- But -RSB- he was no enemy , because music had soothed the savage beast . " "  Boy , you have strong lips " Tueller had learned to play the trumpet as a child growing up in Wyoming . His mother , a nurse , died at 29 , and his father , a bartender and alcoholic , left the next day -- leaving Jack and his brother , Bob , orphans . They left their home in Superior to live with an aunt in nearby Evanston . She gave Jack his first trumpet , and he quickly discovered he had a musical ear . "  In 1939 , I was playing in Yellowstone Park in a dance band of 22 musicians at Lake Hotel . The famous trumpet player Louis Armstrong came up to the band during intermission and said , ` You sound pretty good for white cats , ' " Tueller recalled . He asked Armstrong what advice he would give a young trumpet player . "  He said , ` Always play the melody , man . Look at them , see their age group , play their love songs , and you 'll carry all the money to the bank . ' " Tueller enrolled at Brigham Young University , where he met his future wife and fellow trumpeter , Marjorie . "  This beautiful brown-haired gal with luscious lips said , ` Did you play the trumpet solo at the freshman assembly ? ' And I said , ` Yes , ma'am , I did . ' She said , ` Boy , you have strong lips . ' Being a sophomore , I said , ` Would you like to try me ? ' She nodded , and I went over and kissed her . " In 1941 , as war clouds gathered , Jack enlisted in the Army and was sent to fighter school because he was an "  individualist , " he said . "  I wanted to fly it , fire it , navigate it , shoot the guns . " He once flew his plane through a dirigible hangar at Moffitt Field in Sunnyvale , California . The commandant was fuming mad . "  He stood me in a brace , then he kind of smiled and says , ` We do n't want to quell spirit like that ... but do n't do it again ! ' " When D-Day arrived on June 6 , 1944 , Tueller was in the air , flying five missions . "  I witnessed the invasion from a ringside seat . We saw 2 million men , 10,000 ships . And we just shot at everything , " he said . "  We tried to help those men trying to get off the landing craft at high tide , where a lot of them were drowned . "  I remember feeling pride and sadness as I saw the bodies of 4,000 killed in two hours . " Tueller credits common sense and his first flight instructor , a crop duster , with his survival that day -- and the rest of the war . "  I learned to love low-level flying . I never came off enemy targets high . I 'd lay it down a row of trees 400 knots , a foot off the ground , so all the flak would go over my head . They 'd wonder where I 'd gone . " Trumpet in the cockpit Tueller managed to fly 140 missions without taking a single bullet hole to his airplane -- the name of his infant daughter , Rosanne , painted on the side . "  Everyone wanted to fly it ; they thought it let a charmed life . " And on each mission , Tueller carried his trumpet in the cockpit . "  I took it in a little canvas bag attached to my parachute . I figured if I ever got shot down , it would go with me , and if I survived and got put into a prisoner of war camp , I could get an extra bar of soap from the guard . " His tour of duty ended just before his fighter group left for Belgium and the Battle of the Bulge . Three months later , his plane was shot down and destroyed . The pilot was killed . Tueller went on to fight in the Korean and Vietnam wars , and served in the Pentagon during the Cuban Missile Crisis and the Cold War . He retired in 1966 as a colonel , having earned the Distinguished Flying Cross , almost two dozen air medals and two Legions of Merit , the nation 's highest peacetime award . Now 89 , Tueller takes care of Marjorie , his wife of 68 years , who has Alzheimer 's disease . As Veterans Day approaches , he has a word of advice to veterans : "  When you become a veteran , it 's my opinion that you should do everything to make people realize the wonderful life that you really have . " He still has his trumpet of 70 years and still performs at schools , family get-togethers and church functions . He has a stereo system installed in the back of his family van , where he inserts a CD of big band music and begins playing the melodies of a bygone era . "  I was an unruly child , " he said . "  Music tamed me . ... My ambition as the last action on my part as a veteran is to hit high C and fall right into the grave . What a way to go ! "	Jack Tueller learned to play the trumpet as a child growing up in Wyoming Louis Armstrong once told him , "  Always play the melody , man " Tueller became a World War II pilot and carried his trumpet in his cockpit He says his playing once prevented a German sniper from killing him
CNN  -- For Joey Kemmerling , it was his decision to reveal his sexual orientation that triggered relentless bullying at school . "  I came out of the closet as gay in eighth grade and ever since I 've been bullied . I was , for lack of a better word , and still am , the school faggot , " the 16-year-old Joey recently told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . The Pennsylvania native said his decision to come out to classmates not only evoked a firestorm of vicious taunts but also led to a threat on his life . "  There was a point where a kid had a knife on school premises and said , ` I 'm going to kill him . I want that faggot dead . ' And I had to transfer schools , " Joey said . The bullying persisted outside of school , both online and on the street . His mother , Joyce Mundy , said beyond her son being bullied online , she had to file a police report after two boys followed Joey on his walk home , making threatening comments the entire way . Read about CNN 's weeklong coverage on bullying Joey and seven other teens recently spoke to Cooper about the harsh realities of bullying . All eight youngsters said they were not surprised by the recent rash of headlines about suicides of apparent bullying victims . Joey said he believes that most kids who are bullied at some point have contemplated taking their own life . "  If you 're bullied for long enough , that 's going to go through your mind , " he said . He added , "  You wake up in the morning and you just think , ' I have to go face them again . I have to spend another eight hours in that prison . ' And you just do n't want to be there and no matter what you do , you ca n't escape . " Last week , authorities recovered the body of Rutgers University student Tyler Clementi , who committed suicide after his roommate and another college classmate allegedly placed a camera in his dorm room and streamed his sexual encounter with another male online . Read about Rutgers vigil for Clementi The statistics on gay youth suicides are unclear since many youths do not admit to others that they are gay or bisexual . But gay and bisexual young adults , who reported higher levels of family rejection during adolescence , were 8.4 times more likely to report having attempted suicide , according to an article from the American Academy of Pediatrics in 2008 . Bullying became so pervasive in Joey 's life that he admits , in his darkest hours , he too had thoughts of suicide . "  You feel so helpless , and day in and day out you 're being called something , and they 're telling you the same message : ` Your life is worthless . ' And you start to believe it . " "  I believed that I did not deserve to live , " the gay teen added . Have you ever been bullied ? Share your story Unlike some parents of bullying victims , Joey 's mother was fully aware of both the treatment her son was getting and his emotional state . "  He went through a really severe depression , " Mundy said in a separate interview . "  He talked to me about having suicidal thoughts and was very vocal all the way through . If you really become invested in dealing with your child being bullied , you sort of become peer , friend , counselor . ... Although I was aware how bad things were for him , it 's still very scary . ... You never not want to take it seriously and make that mistake . " Mundy got her son into counseling , which helped , but she said it was his decision to fight back against bullying online that really started to turn the tide . He began a Facebook page for bullying victims to share their stories , which has since grown into a nonprofit called the Equality Project with close to 6,000 members . Read about cyberbullying in a digitally connected world "  It 's empowered him a bit to understand he 's not alone . ... It 's helpful for him to understand through discussions online that things get better . ... He 's gotten much stronger through educating himself on the issue , " his mother said . This year , Joey is in a new school and , armed with the support of his online community , has become an advocate for bullying victims everywhere . "  People say ` Bullying ca n't be changed , it 's been around forever . ' But it really can , " the teen said . "  And how many people , deep down inside , have empathy , have that consideration that if you can really get down into their soul , and make them understand the way that the words affect people , then they can change . " As both he and his mother read story after story of apparent bullying victims committing suicide , they said they see his mission as critical . "  He knows he ca n't change every individual school , but he does want to change the system broadly , " Joey 's mother says , adding , "  This really does have to be treated as an epidemic . " Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Joey Kemmerling says decision to reveal his sexual orientation triggered bullying at school Coming out evoked a firestorm of vicious taunts and life threats , Joey says Teen began a Facebook page for bullying victims to share their stories
CNN  -- Nico Rosberg dominated the final , vital qualifying session of the 2014 F1 season in Abu Dhabi , putting the German in the box seat for the World Championship title . The Mercedes driver , who has endured a fine but torrid season alongside his rival Lewis Hamilton , led the session from the start as Hamilton put in an error strewn performance to finish second , 0.386 seconds behind Rosberg , and set up a mouthwatering race in the Middle East on Sunday . Neck and neck Rosberg and Hamilton have clashed on and off the track during a season dominated by Mercedes . The two drivers have gone neck and neck for most of the season before a late spurt of form from Hamilton put him ahead for the last race . But a controversial rule change that awards double points for the last race of the season means that Hamilton 's 17 point championship lead is far more precarious than it should have been . "  It 's only one step , a very small step , " Rosberg said after securing his 11th pole of the season . His performance meant that Mercedes managed to secure every single pole this season , a feat that has n't been seen by an engine manufacturer since Ford achieved the same in 1969 . Hamilton still favorite Hamilton , meanwhile , is still the favorite to walk away with the title . As long as he finishes second , Rosberg 's performance is immaterial . "  I generally did n't have the best of laps but I enjoyed the qualifying session , " said Hamilton . "  Tomorrow is going to be a special day ... This weekend is about the championship , not about pole position . " Senna-Prost All eyes will be on the first corner , reviving memories of the great Senna-Prost rivalry of the 1980s . Argument still rages over whether Prost intentionally crashed into Senna at the first corner at Suzuka in 1989 , effectively securing him the championship . Prost has always denied the accusation . When asked how he will approach the first corner , Hamilton replied : "  Same as every time . " Wolff steps back Mercedes team chief Toto Wolff , who had been highly critical of Rosberg after he clashed with Hamilton in Belgium early on in the season , has denied that any instructions have been issued before Sunday 's race . "  I wo n't tell them anything anymore , " he said . "  They are in their own little bubble and concentrating on the race . I think we should leave them in peace now to concentrate on tomorrow . " Red Bull sanction Meanwhile , an unusual presence will be found at the back of the grid before Sunday 's race . Red Bull was excluded from qualifying and relegated to the last row after a technical investigation found they had been using illegal cars . Former champion Sebastian Vettel and 2014 break out star Daniel Ricciardo will start last after a stewards ' investigation found that their cars had been fitted with illegal parts . According to AFP race stewards released a statement confirming they had "  determined a breach of the regulations had been committed " . An unhappy Red Bull team claimed they had been singled out for punishment , but accepted the sanction . "  We are disappointed that we have been singled out for a front wing deflection test when it is clear that other teams are interpreting the rules in a similar fashion , " Red Bull said in a statement , quoted by AFP . "  The team accepts the decision of the stewards and will start the race from the back of the grid . "	Nico Rosberg clinches crucial pole in Abu Dhabi . Teammate and title rival Hamilton in second . Both could win the championship on the final race . Hamilton leads but controversial points rule could tip balance .
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Thousands of Americans learn a painful lesson in banking every day : Waiting for a check to clear and then getting access to the money from a bank does n't mean the check has really cleared . When Harry Smith , of New York , responded to an ad on Craigslist for an office assistant , a woman e-mailed him and said her British company was starting to sell its product in the United States , but was having trouble with dealing with checks from customers . Smith said the woman needed someone to collect the checks and then send the money to her company . It was a commission job -- deposit the checks , wait for the funds to become available at his bank , then send cash to her , minus 10 percent for Smith . After Smith checked out what seemed like a legitimate company on the Internet , he started receiving checks totaling several thousand dollars and deposited them in his account . When his bank released the funds , he sent cash to an address outside the country . But after a few weeks , Smith 's bank notified him the checks he had deposited had actually been returned , and that he owed the bank all the money he had withdrawn . Smith has not heard from his business partner since and does n't even know who she really is . He still owes his bank money , is unemployed and does n't know what action the bank might take against him . What happened to Smith is one example of a wide range of fake check scams carried out in the United States every year . A Consumer Federation of America survey estimates that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam , with an average loss of $ 3,000 to $ 4,000 per consumer . The most common scams are fake sweepstakes or lotteries , phony government sponsored grants and fraudulent work-at-home opportunities , the survey says . The scams follow the pattern of the so-called Nigerian Internet scams , which often involve accepting transfers of money that become obviously phony when it 's too late . On Wednesday , the Consumer Federation launched a campaign to combat check scams . Many consumers do n't know they are responsible if they deposit a bad check , said Susan Grant , the federation 's director of consumer protection . Grant said its survey shows an alarming level of misinformation among consumers , and the problem includes money orders and cashier 's checks . Fifty-nine percent of respondents in the survey incorrectly thought that , when you deposit a check or money order , your bank confirms it is good before allowing you to withdraw the money . That number goes up to 70 percent among adults age 18 to 24 . More than 40 percent of those surveyed also incorrectly think that the person who gave you the bad check must pay back the bank . American consumers are mostly unfamiliar with the time needed to process checks and money orders , say consumer watchdogs . Government banking rules mandate that money from deposits become available within one to five days . However , it can take weeks , especially with foreign checks or money orders , for the originating institutions to get the checks or money orders back and determine that they are counterfeit . When that happens , scam victims are in for a rude surprise . Publishers Clearing House , which runs legitimate sweepstakes , warns consumers that scammers might claim that you are being given an advance on a prize , but that some fee , tax or other payment needs to be sent before you get the jackpot . That 's the heart of the scam , and it 's something that a real sweepstakes will never ask for , say legitimate companies . Consumer protection groups , state attorney generals , the Federal Trade Commission and government bank regulators warn consumers that the number of fake checks , money orders and even cashier 's checks being used to scam victims is increasing . The bottom line : "  There 's no legitimate reason why anyone who wants to give you a check or money order for something would ever ask you to send money anywhere in return . It 's as simple as that , " said Grant of the Consumer Federation of America . Smith said he suspected that his part-time job was not on the up-and-up , but did n't know about fake check scams . He 's not sure how he will pay back his bank , but hopes his story will help keep other people from becoming victims . The Consumer Federation of America 's tips against fake check scams : -- Never agree to pay to claim a prize . -- Never agree to pay for grants from the government or foundations . -- Never agree to cash checks and send the money somewhere as part of a job working from home . -- Never agree to wire money to anyone you have not met in person and known for a long time . -- If it seems suspicious , consult your state or local consumer protection agency , the Federal Trade Commission , the U.S. Postal Inspection Service or another trusted source . -- Remember that there is no legitimate reason why anyone who wants to give you a check or money order would ask you to send money anywhere in return .	More than 1 million Americans have been victim of fake check scams , study finds Experts warn not to accept checks from someone seeking money in return Survey : Most American consumers unfamiliar with time needed to process checks
CNN  -- The hospital where actor Gary Coleman died said Thursday it confirmed his former wife had legal authority to authorize his doctor to disconnect his life support last week . Coleman 's parents are working with lawyers to gain custody of his body , their spokesman told CNN . Coleman divorced Shannon Price in 2008 , but he signed a document giving her power to make the decision , according to a statement from the Utah Valley Regional Medical Center in Provo . "  Mr. Coleman had completed an Advanced Health Care Directive that granted Shannon Price permission to make medical decisions on his behalf if he was unable to do so , " said the statement , which Price authorized . Coleman 's attorney confirmed for CNN that the couple divorced nearly two years ago , but he did not know if they had remarried since then . Coleman , 42 , and Price , 24 , were living together in Santaquin , Utah , when he suffered a fatal fall last week . "  An Advanced Health Care Directive remains in effect regardless of a patient 's marital status , unless modified by the patient , " the hospital statement said . The document was in effect when the decision to remove Coleman from life support was made last Friday , the hospital said . Coleman suffered from a brain hemorrhage from a fall at his home on May 26 . He died two days later after he was removed from life support , a hospital spokeswoman said . While he appeared "  lucid and conscious " Thursday morning , his condition worsened by the afternoon , leaving him unconscious and on life support , she said . He died Friday after he was removed from life support , she said . His parents , who live in Chicago , are hoping to learn more about how their son died , their spokesman , Victor Perillo , said . SInce Coleman was not married when he died , they believe they have a right to his remains , Perillo said . They are working with a lawyer to get the paperwork done so Coleman can be transported to Chicago , he said . Coleman is best known as the wisecracking youngster Arnold on TV 's "  Diff ` rent Strokes " from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s . "  There was a touch of magic and a different stroke in Gary Coleman , " said TV legend Norman Lear , who produced the show . "  He was the inspiration behind his show 's title . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan and Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Lawyer : Gary Coleman and Shannon Price divorced in 2008 Hospital : Coleman gave Price written authority to make medical decisions Coleman , 42 , died two days after fall at home
NEW ORLEANS , Louisiana  CNN  -- Two newlyweds are fighting for the dismissal of the justice of the peace who refused them a marriage license because they are of different races . A Louisiana justice of the peace refused to perform a marriage for Beth and Terence McKay . "  We 've retained an attorney , and we 're in the process of taking the next steps in order to make sure that  the justice of the peace  loses his job , " Beth McKay told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday . She and her husband , Terence McKay , stepped into the national spotlight when Keith Bardwell , a justice of the peace for Tangipahoa Parish 's 8th Ward , refused them a license . They ultimately got a marriage license from another justice of the peace in the same parish . Despite a national uproar and a call by Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal for him to lose his license , Bardwell , 56 , said he has no regrets . "  It 's kind of hard to apologize for something that you really and truly feel down in your heart you have n't done wrong , " he told CNN affiliate WAFB on Saturday . He insisted he is not racist and does not treat black people differently . He said he does not perform mixed-race marriages because he is concerned about the children of such marriages . Bardwell did not return calls from CNN . Beth McKay , 30 , said she was speaking with Bardwell 's wife by phone about getting a marriage license and was "  shocked " to be asked whether they are an interracial couple . Watch how justice 's decision shocked couple " "  She said , ` Well , what 's the deal ? Is he black , or are you black ? ' And so I answered her question , and then she just said , ` Well , we do n't do interracial marriages . ' " Terence McKay , 32 , told CNN , "  Everyone is entitled to their own opinions , but he 's absolutely wrong on all aspects of his stance . " McKay added , "  If it was n't for interracial couples today , we would n't have our president . So for him to take that outlook , that 's still like 1800s or something . " "  A lot of people have come up to us and said , ` You know , we 're in interracial relationships as well , ' not just black and white , and just encouraged us to stand up for our rights and to speak out against things like this , " Beth McKay said . The incident "  caught us completely off guard , " said Terence McKay , "  and we 're just trying to live our lives . " The National Urban League called for an investigation by the U.S. Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division , saying in a statement that Bardwell 's actions were "  a huge step backward in social justice . " The U.S. Supreme Court tossed out race-based limitations on marriage in the landmark 1967 Loving v. Virginia case . In the unanimous decision , the court said that "  Under our Constitution , the freedom to marry , or not marry , a person of another race resides with the individual and can not be infringed by the State . "	Couple were denied marriage license because they are of different races Justice of Peace Keith Bardwell said he was concerned for kids of biracial marriages Louisiana couple eventually got married by different justice of the peace Beth , Terence McKay hire lawyer , want judge to lose job
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- A Sri Lanka politician ended his "  fast unto death " on Saturday when the nation 's president gave him water and an ambulance rushed him to a hospital . Wimal Weerawansa , who had been the construction minister and is currently a member of parliament , was on his fourth day of the fast amid protests against the United Nations . He said he would go without food until U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon dissolves a three-member panel looking into human rights abuses in the final stages of a decades-long war that ended in 2009 between the government and the Tamil Tiger rebels . During the fast , Weerawansa 's Cabinet colleagues visited him in a special tent outside the U.N. compound in Colombo . He was on a mattress on a specially-constructed dais protected by plain-clothed security . Visits by ministers signaled government backing for Weerawansa 's protest against the United Nations . Doctors warned Weerawansa earlier Saturday that his condition was worsening and administered saline to him . President Mahinda Rajapaksa walked up the dais and gave a bottle of water to Weerawansa . He was then taken to a hospital . The event was shown on local TV and has been widely reported . The United Nations and other countries have expressed dismay at the blockade of the U.N. compound and Weerawansa 's leading role in the protest . The U.N. office continued to function with limited staff . The United Nations has been concerned about accountability issues related to the rebels ' defeat , including alleged war crimes by troops and rebels -- allegations that both parties deny . Weerawansa has said Ban intends to bring the Sri Lankan president before a war crimes tribunal . "  We will not allow that to happen , " Weerawansa told a news conference earlier in the week . Weerawansa resigned his ministerial portfolio yesterday on Friday , but government sources say he will be sworn in again .	Former Cabinet member ends ` fast unto death ' Ambulance rushes him to hospital Protesters dislike U.N. panel looking into abuses during war
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia 's latest attempt to charge a fiery Islamic cleric on terrorism charges was swiftly adjourned moments after it started in a south Jakarta court Thursday . Abu Bakar Ba'asyir could face the death penalty under fresh charges , which include planning and/or inciting a terrorist act and involvement in a paramilitary training camp discovered last February in Aceh province . However , proceedings were postponed to Monday after his lawyer argued that they were not given enough time to respond to the court summons . The 72-year-old waved and smiled to hundreds of his supporters , who chanted "  God is great . " Ba'asyir was first detained in August for suspected links to a militant training camp raided by authorities in Aceh in early 2010 . Police said the suspect and his organization , the Jamaat Tawhid Anshoru or JAT , were involved in setting up the camp . The militants were preparing to launch attacks similar to the one in Mumbai 2008 , and assassination attempts on Indonesian government officials , authorities have said . But the lawyers have called the case weak and a fabrication . This was going to be his third trial . In the first two , prosecutors tried to link the elderly cleric to the 2002 bombings in Bali and the 2003 hotel bomb attack in Jakarta . The courts found him guilty of minor charges , and sentenced him to 25 months . He was released in June 2006 . "  This trial is very significant , because if the Indonesian government failed to provide a strong unshakable court evidence , they will use this as a weapon , an ammunition to gain more recruits , " said Noor Huda , founder of Jakarta 's Institute of International Peace Building , which aims to reform radical inmates . "  Ba'asyir is clearly a symbol , he gains certain level of celebrity among jihadist , he 's very strong , he has a strong charisma to build networks . " Ba'asyir is known for his fiery rhetoric . He was accused of being the spiritual leader of Indonesia 's homegrown terror network , Jemaah Islamiyah , which inspired many of those involved in the bombings He has denied all the allegations and often blamed a U.S.-led conspiracy to put him behind bars .	Abu Bakar Ba'asyir faces the death penalty if found guilty Charges include planning and inciting a terrorist act He is also accused of taking part in a paramilitary training camp He denies all the allegations
London , England  CNN  -- Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair 's one-time media adviser said a 2002 intelligence document that claimed Iraq could launch weapons of mass destruction within 45 minutes was not "  sexed up " to exaggerate the case for war . Alastair Campbell was testifying Tuesday at the Iraq war inquiry , an independent set of hearings looking into the decisions that led up to the 2003 invasion and governed Britain 's involvement in the war . The former spin doctor testified that his former boss was determined to disarm Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein . But he said Blair had never been in a "  rush to war " and that he regarded military action only as a last resort . The intelligence document in question came out in September 2002 and detailed the threat posed by Iraq . It is most famous for saying that Iraq could "  deploy chemical or biological weapons within 45 minutes of an order to do so . " The document came as Blair was finding fewer and fewer chances for a diplomatic solution on Iraq , and he had to convince the British public of the threat Saddam posed . Presenting the intelligence dossier to Parliament and the public was a way of engaging them in his decision-making , Campbell said . Campbell said he worked on the dossier with John Scarlett , the former head of MI6 , the British foreign intelligence agency . Scarlett testified at the inquiry last month that it was he who wrote the dossier . "  At no time did I ever ask him to beef up  or  override any of the judgments that he had , " Campbell said . "  At no point did anybody from the prime minister down say to anybody in the intelligence services , ` Look , you 've got to sort of tailor it to fit this argument , that argument . " British media quickly highlighted the 45-minute claim ; it filled the headlines of British newspapers the next day . But less than a year later , after coalition forces had entered Iraq , the media began to question it . In May 2003 , a BBC report accused the government , and Campbell in particular , of pushing for the dossier to be "  sexed up " to exaggerate the Iraqi threat . Campbell testified that it was intelligence officials who had the final say over any claims made in the dossier , and that Scarlett "  had the single pen " for writing it . Testifying about the dossier last month , Scarlett said , "  There was absolutely no conscious intention to manipulate the language or to obfuscate or to create a misunderstanding as to what they might refer to . " Campbell also said he never pushed for changes to the intelligence claims . Of his numerous e-mails with Scarlett , Campbell said "  not a single word of them at any time sought to question , override , rewrite -- let alone the ghastly "  sexed up " phrase -- the intelligence assessments in any way , at any time , on any level . " Campbell blamed the media for latching onto a single phrase and then discrediting the entire dossier once the phrase was unproven . He said the 45-minute claim "  was not that big a point " within the overall document . "  I still defend every single word of the dossier , I defend every single part of the process , " Campbell said . The 45-minute claim was not the only part of the dossier that inquiry members questioned Tuesday . They asked Campbell about the claim that the assessed intelligence has established "  beyond doubt " that Saddam had continued to produce chemical and biological weapons despite United Nations resolutions . Blair 's former spokesman said "  nobody " at the time was saying Saddam did not have those weapons and that he did not pose a threat . But he also admitted such strong language may not have been necessary . "  Would it have been that weakened had those two words not been there ? Probably not , " Campbell said . In the first hour of his testimony , Campbell stressed that Blair sought disarmament of Saddam before any military action . He said Blair "  tried exhaustively to go down the diplomatic route , " believing that conflict was not inevitable . "  Would someone like Tony Blair , from the day he went into politics , think that somebody like Saddam Hussein should be got rid of ? Yes , he would . Was that the policy he was pursuing the whole way through ? No , " Campbell told the inquiry . "  He was trying to , through the  United Nations  , lead the British government in the direction of pursuing a policy that would lead ultimately to disarmament of Saddam Hussein , " Campbell said of Blair . Blair said in an interview last month that he would have removed Saddam even without evidence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . The inquiry , which began hearings in late November , is the most thorough investigation yet into the decisions that led up to the war . It can not find anyone criminally responsible , and it can not even apportion blame , but inquiry members will be able to judge the legality of the conflict and identify lessons learned from Britain 's involvement . Prime Minister Gordon Brown promised last year that the committee would have access to the full range of information about the war and the lead-up to it , including secret documents . Inquiry Chairman John Chilcot has said Blair will be called to testify , and Blair has said he will appear . Britain has held four other hearings about the Iraq war . But because all were held before the end of 2004 -- so close to the start of the war -- they were hampered by limited information , political analysts have said . The current inquiry has the greatest potential to tell the "  full story " of the decisions leading up to war , analyst Glen Rangwala of Cambridge University told CNN in November .	Alistair Campbell managed the British government 's case for war in Iraq Campbell was Blair 's powerful director of communications Inquiry is most thorough investigation yet into the decisions that led to war PM Gordon Brown said committee would have access to full range of information about war
CNN  -- Two Alaskan volcanoes that began minor eruptions weeks ago are showing their strongest seismic activity yet , emitting small amounts of lava and ash along with smoke plumes , the Alaska Volcano Observatory said Tuesday . The observatory warned of more vigorous activity with the Pavlof and Veniaminof volcanoes , both on the Alaskan Peninsula -- though that will likely just mean more ash . Pavlof , a snow-covered , cone-shaped mountain , has been erupting since early May . While its activity since then has waxed and waned , seismic activity increased since Tuesday morning and the volcano has started continuously shaking , said David Schneider , a geophysicist with the U.S. Geological Survey . Some lava is flowing , and the volcano is spewing a cloud of steam and ash that has risen as high as 28,000 feet , said Schneider , at the observatory in Anchorage . "  It 's a pretty good size , but not high enough to affect overflying aircraft between America and Asia , " he said . "  It 's more of a problem for local aviation . " Pavlof is near the town of Cold Bay , a regional transportation hub whose long World War II-era runway serves flights to area villages , Schneider said . The ash has at times affected those local flights . Veniaminof , about 60 miles from Pavlof , started showing activity in early June and began erupting June 13 , Schneider said . It has also produced a lava flow and an ash plume , though not as high as Pavlof -- only about 8,200 feet . Veniaminof is a broad mountain topped with a large , flat ice field , and in the middle is a small cone that produces the lava and ash . The eruptions of both volcanoes compare to those in the past , where activity lasted for weeks or months before dying down again . The main hazard now , Schneider said , is ash fall , which is more of a nuisance than anything else . "  So far there 's been trace amounts of ash , so it 's just a fine coating , " he said . "  Our best estimate of what is going to happen is similar to what 's happened in the past -- this level of activity and some level of ash . "	The volcanoes are both on the Alaskan Peninsula They began erupting weeks ago but are now showing stronger seismic activity They are producing small amounts of lava and ash One of them is producing smoke plumes as high as 28,000 feet
Editor 's note : Ben Chavis is the co-author with Carey Blakely of "  Crazy Like A Fox : One Principal 's Triumph in the Inner City . " Chavis received his doctorate in education and philosophy from the University of Arizona and served as principal of American Indian Public Charter School for seven years . Chavis has also worked as a real estate investor . Currently , he is replicating the model he established at American Indian Public Charter School in various schools throughout the U.S. and Canada . Educator Ben Chavis says money is n't enough to improve schools run by incompetent administrators . CNN  -- Teachers unions and politicians are constantly claiming that K-12 public schools need more money in order to produce good academic results . But does the data support the argument that our schools need more money to succeed ? The Oakland Unified School District had a budget of $ 602 million for the 2008-2009 school year , according to Katy Murphy , an education reporter with the Oakland Tribune . That budget , which includes $ 77 million spent on consultants , means that the district spends an average of $ 16,270 per student ! What have we , the public taxpayers , received for our exceptionally generous financial support of the Oakland public schools ? According to the California Department of Education , the district 's reported 2008 California Standardized Test scores show : 1 . Of 707 eighth - and ninth-graders who took the California Standard test for general math : 1 percent tested advanced , 5 percent tested proficient and 94 percent failed by testing below grade level . See details about K-12 schools , teachers " 2 . Of 2,506 ninth - and 10th-grade students who took the California Standards test in algebra : 0 percent tested advanced , 3 percent tested proficient and 97 percent failed the test . How is it possible for a public school system to so liberally spend more than half a billion dollars and still fail to educate 94 percent or more students of all racial backgrounds ? Does anyone believe providing more money to these public school systems will enhance these students ' academic performance in mathematics ? During my principalship at American Indian Public Charter School , we spent less than $ 8,000 per student , proving that schools did not need more money . We served a student population that is on average 98 percent minority , with 97 percent receiving free or reduced-price lunch and many who are non-English speakers and from single-parent families . AIPCS students spend three to four hours a day working on mathematics and English-language arts . In 2009 , they excelled in academics , physical fitness and any standardized test that they were given . The hard work of these students and staff has paid off with virtually all of our eighth-graders testing advanced in algebra , including 100 percent of our eighth-grade black students , Mexican-American students and American Indian students . Before I became its principal , people called American Indian Public Charter School the zoo . The neighbors hated it . They could n't stand the behavior of the students , who , with little supervision or control , wreaked havoc in the area . Unfortunately , the students who decided to attend the school did not receive the academics and structure they so direly needed . The school was in many ways a failure , a joke , a sham . When I took over as principal in 2000 , it was the worst middle school in Oakland . I told the board I would take the job only if they let me go my own way and do what I thought was best . I implemented a golden rule at American Indian Public Charter School for staff , students and families : If you act like a winner , you 'll be treated like a winner . If you act like a fool , you 'll be treated like a fool . The charter school is now one of the top-scoring schools in the state and is nationally recognized . The United States spends more money on public education than any other country in the world . Yet , we still have a secondary public education system that ranks with Third World countries in preparing our children in English-language arts , mathematics , science and social studies . Washington , D.C. ; Detroit , Michigan ; Los Angeles , California ; Kansas City , Missouri ; and numerous other cities throughout the United States are producing the same poor academic results at an extraordinary cost to the taxpayer and a tremendous academic loss to our students and country . I believe all the money in the world would not be enough to improve schools run by incompetent public school administrators . We need proven leaders who can prepare our children to be competitive members in a free-market society . The American public has been conned into believing that public schools need more money . Have you ever met a public school administrator who said they have enough money ? President Obama is moving in the "  right " direction by reforming public schools to be held responsible to the American public in return for more money . It 's very clear that most Americans want to ensure that accountability be attached to the stimulus money that is being awarded to all institutions , including public schools . Next time you hear school officials or politicians begging for more money , ask them how large the district 's budget is and how many students are enrolled in their district . Then you do the math . After all , it 's your money they want to take . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Chavis .	Chavis : "  All the money in the world " is n't enough to help poorly run schools Author : I turned "  worst middle school in Oakland " into a top-scoring school D.C. , Detroit , L.A. produce poor results at extraordinary taxpayer cost , Chavis says Obama is right to require accountability in return for reform money , Chavis says
CNN  -- Let the naming and shaming begin . China will start to point the finger at its top ten most air-polluted cities -- each and every month -- in the hopes that national humiliation will push positive environmental action . A parallel list of the nation 's ten cities with best air qualities will also be published . Beijing 's political -- and very public -- pressure on its most polluted cities comes within a year of the capital reporting its worst air quality levels in recorded history and an Asian Development Bank study showing seven of the world 's top ten most air-polluted cities were in China . "  We must put air quality control as an ecological red line for economic management and social development , " said China 's Vice Premier Zhang Gao Li , in a statement . On Wednesday , he announced the new policy at the 18th Air Pollution Control Conference in Beijing . "  Air pollution control is a long , arduous and complex mission . We need to highlight the control of major polluted cities and strengthen the reduction and management of various polluters , " added Zhang . Chinese officials did not say when the first list would be announced , but the northern megacities of Beijing and Tianjin , as well as the surrounding provinces of Hebei , Shanxi , Inner Mongolia and Shandong have signed onto an official plan to speed up air pollution control measures . This past August , an official environmental assessment found these six regions to be China 's most polluted . "  I think the policy is a very good inspirational mechanism , especially for those cities on the ` shaming ' list , so that they can work to get off the list quicker , " said Huang Wei , Climate and Energy Campaigner at Greenpeace China , to CNN . "  However , it is not enough to rank those cities . It 's also important to control energy , especially coal consumption . Some cities did n't clarify how much they are going to reduce their coal consumption . The lack of a number makes us worried that there wo n't be any dramatic change in terms of air quality . " Earlier this month , the central government said it would stop approving coal-fired power plants in more heavily polluted industrial areas . It also announced a national blueprint to lower the concentration of harmful particles in the air -- much of it caused by the burning of coal -- by at least 10 % between 2012 and 2017 levels . In heavily polluted areas , including China 's north , targets will be more stringent . Beijing , Tianjin and Hebei , all signatories to this week 's new air pollution control plan , aim to cut particles by 25 % . In southern China 's Pearl River Delta , across the border from Hong Kong , the goal is 15 % . "  We know high-ranking officials really want to tackle the  air pollution  problem but in reality how much does this help ? " said Sum Yin Kwong , CEO of the Clean Air Network in Hong Kong , to CNN . "  It all might be more symbolic because when you look at the regional or local level , growth is measured by GDP , not by how environmental the city has become . I 'm not too optimistic , " added Kwong . China is the world 's largest consumer of coal by volume and will continue to be for years , relying on the fossil fuel for 70-80 % of its energy needs , according to various experts and the World Coal Association . Much of that energy goes towards electricity for factories and for winter heating . Beijing says it hopes to reduce the nation 's coal consumption to 65 % by 2017 . In comparison , Australia draws about 75 % of its electricity from coal , according to the Australian Coal Association . The United States generated 37 % of its electricity from coal in 2012 , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . As people in China have grown wealthier , they have increased demands on the government for a cleaner environment . This past July , a landmark study by Chinese and international academics revealed that severe pollution and toxic air slashed an average of five and a half years of life expectancy for residents of northern China . According to a recent Greenpeace report , 83,500 people died prematurely in 2011 from respiratory diseases in Shandong , Inner Mongolia and Shanxi -- China 's top three coal-consuming provinces .	China to name and shame top ten worst-polluting cities each month ` Air quality control is ecological red line , ' says Chinese vice-premier Beijing , Tianjin , cities in northern provinces have signed plan to speed up air pollution control Seven of world 's top ten most air-polluted cities in China , says ADB report
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Qin Xiaona used to visit the suburban Xiaotangshan Sanatorium in the summer to escape the scorching temperature in the city . Now she comes here to turn up the heat on a subject close to her heart . Animal rights advocate Qin Xiaona mixes leftovers to feed stray cats . "  This is our experiment to save the city 's stray cats , " said the 62-year-old retired TV journalist , as she carried two plastic containers full of leftovers out of her villa surrounded by lush greenery . Calling out a dozen snoozing cats by the bushes , Qin watched them rush over and devour the rice mixed with pork and fish . Qin , who heads the Capital Animal Welfare Association , estimates there are some 200,000 stray cats in Beijing , after her group spent more than two years studying the population . She detailed the precarious state of the felines in an 80,000-word report and decided to start her rescue mission with the 72 cats roaming the sanatorium 's sprawling ground . "  The health bureau runs this place and agreed to let us take care of the cats , " Qin said , lifting up a female kitten to check the healing of the surgery wound on its stomach . "  We have already neutered and vaccinated a third of them . " "  We convinced the health officials that stray cats could be a more effective and environmentally friendly way of rodent control than placing 15 tons of rat poisons across the city every year , " she explained . This is the kind of win-win solution that Qin hopes to replicate throughout the capital , where stray animals are frequently culled by the government on fears of spreading diseases or attacking humans . For Qin and other members of her NGO , saving stray cats is just one uphill battle in their war against animal cruelty in a culture that often treats man 's four-legged friends with little favor . For over 15 years and with meager funding , they have been setting up shelters to house abandoned pets , persuading restaurants to take dog meat off the menus and , most importantly , lobbying legislators to pass an animal welfare law -- a goal that nevertheless remains distant . "  Many in the government and society still consider us peripheral and alternative -- and do n't recognize and approve our work , " Qin said . When Beijing won the bid to host the 2008 Summer Olympics seven years ago , she and fellow activists perceived a perfect catalyst in expanding animal rights . To their dismay , the authorities have since stepped up their campaigns against animals -- pets and strays alike -- aimed at "  cleaning up " the city for the Games . In 2006 Beijing implemented a controversial "  one family , one dog " rule for urban households and required such pet dogs no taller than 35 centimeters  14 inches  . "  It is such a ridiculous law , " Qin raised her voice , still livid . "  Anyone with a little understanding of animals would know that the temperament of dogs has nothing to do with their size , but depends on their breed and training . " Although official policies are difficult to modify , Qin feels her efforts have slowly changed the minds of many ordinary citizens . "  People 's attitude toward animals reflects their attitude toward fellow human beings , " she offered . "  We should promote love , not hatred , from an early age on . " Qin has seen more young people grow receptive to the concept of animal welfare and now also counts some unlikely volunteers -- including a former policewoman -- among her 600-strong group . With the Olympics around the corner , however , Qin has become jittery amid reports of an intensifying government crackdown on animals . "  I feel my heart is in my throat , " she admitted . "  Many officials get money and quotas for culling -- they simply find it so much easier than caring for animals . " As she finished feeding the cats at the sanatorium , Qin received a phone call from an animal lover living in a residential compound near the Olympic district . "  They are crying for help for the 30 stray cats there , " she said . "  They have neutered and vaccinated 90 percent of those cats , but officials still sealed the cats in the basement with cement because of health and safety concerns during the Games . " Frantically dialing , Qin tried to reach the right person before time ran out for the felines . "  Innocent animals should n't have to pay the ultimate price for the Olympics , " she said . Steven Jiang is a Beijing-based freelance writer and former CNN producer .	Clamp down on stray cats and animals in China 's capital leading up to Olympics Qin Xiaona runs organization to help protect Beijing 's estimated 200,000 stray cats Animal welfare still generally seen as ` alternative ' idea , but 600 support Qin 's group
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former congressman and Republican vice presidential candidate Jack Kemp died Saturday at age 73 after a battle with cancer , his family announced . Jack Kemp , a former congressman from New York , was the GOP 's vice presidential candidate in 1996 . A onetime professional football player , Kemp served nine terms in Congress as a representative from New York and was former Sen. Bob Dole 's running mate in 1996 . He was a leading advocate of "  supply-side " tax cuts , advancing the argument that cutting taxes would boost economic growth and yield more revenue for the federal government . "  The only way to oppose a bad idea is to replace it with a good idea , and I like to think that I have spent my life trying to promote good ideas , " he told CNN in a 1996 interview . Kemp "  passed peacefully into the presence of the Lord " Sunday evening , a family statement said . He disclosed his illness in January . Watch "  During the treatment of his cancer , Jack expressed his gratitude for the thoughts and prayers of so many friends , a gratitude which the Kemp family shares , " the family said . Watch how Jack Kemp made transition from football to politics " Kemp quarterbacked the Buffalo Bills to back-to-back American Football League championships in 1964 and 1965 , before the merger that created the modern NFL . When he retired in 1970 after 13 seasons , the California native ran for Congress and represented the Buffalo area for 18 years in the House of Representatives . View photos of Jack Kemp 's life " "  He championed free-market principles that improved the lives of millions of Americans and helped unleash an entrepreneurial spirit that all of us still benefit from today , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said in a statement issued late Saturday . The 1981 tax cuts signed into law by Ronald Reagan , which cut marginal tax rates from 70 percent to 50 percent , bore Kemp 's name as a co-sponsor . Critics mocked the policy as "  trickle-down " economics and pointed to the decade 's growing budget deficits as evidence that supply-side theories did n't work , but it has been GOP orthodoxy ever since . Kemp mounted an unsuccessful presidential bid in 1988 , losing the Republican primaries to George H.W. Bush . But once in office , Bush made Kemp his secretary of housing and urban development -- a post Kemp used to promote what he called an "  empowerment " agenda of tax breaks for urban businesses and expanded home ownership . iReport.com : Share your memories of Kemp Unlike many of the other conservatives of his era , Kemp actively courted African-American support . In 1992 , he told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that the GOP "  could be a Lincoln party in terms of attracting black and brown and men and women of color and low-income status and immigrant status who want a shot at the American dream for their children . " CNN Political Director Sam Feist contributed to this report .	Jack Kemp , former congressman and vice presidential candidate , dies at 73 Kemp announced in January he was battling cancer Before politics , Kemp was a professional football quarterback Kemp also served as secretary of housing and urban development  1989-1993
CNN  -- War-torn Somalia moved a step closer to stability this September after picking its first president elected on home soil in decades . Political newcomer Hassan Sheikh Mohamud , an academic and activist who has also worked for the United Nations and other organizations , was sworn in the capital Mogadishu after defeating incumbent president Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed . The milestone vote was hailed by the international community as a sign of improving security in a nation plunged into chaos after years of vicious civil hostilities . Despite the move toward a more permanent government , the new president faces an uphill battle to rebuild the country and restore its shattered economy and crumbling infrastructure . Even though insurgents have fled Mogadishu and guns have fallen silent , portions of Somalia still remain lawless as large parts of the country are under the control of militants , such as the al Qaeda-linked group Al Shabaab . Distinguished Somali professor Ahmed Ismail Samatar , who also ran for president in the recent elections and is now a member of the new parliament , says the country 's new leader is facing "  heavy challenges that need to be lifted . " "  He -LSB- Mohamud -RSB- cares about the country , " says Samatar , leader of the HiilQaran political party . "  And -LSB- there is -RSB- the possibility that his leadership will then bring a shift in gear and therefore moving towards that future that needs to be born . " Read related : Somali women defy danger to write history Somalia may have been brought to its knees by decades of war but in the 1960s , after it threw off the chains of colonialism to gain its independence , it was a model of democracy , says Samatar . "  It 's the first place in the continent , in sub-Saharan Africa , in which the head of the state will be defeated in parliamentary transparent elections and he will hand the keys ... to the victor and tell the nation that democracy is a precious thing . This is in 1967 -- the first sub-Saharan African head of state to be defeated in an election and then hand peacefully the order of the state and the institutions to the new president . " Somalia was formed through the union of newly independent territories British Somaliland and Italian Somaliland in 1960 . Aden Abdullah Osman Daar was Somalia 's president until the 1967 election when Abdirashid Ali Shermarke became the country 's second leader . But in 1969 he was assassinated ; a military coup immediately followed and that regime ruled for more than 20 years . In January 1991 , dictator Maxamed Siyaad Barre was overthrown in a civil war waged by clan-based guerrillas and warfare continues to this day . "  No African country has lost so much since the coming of independence in the continent in the 1960s , " says Samatar . Read related : Fertile territory for Al-Shabaab in chaos of Somalia Samatar is the founding dean of the Institute for Global Citizenship at Macalester College , in Minnesota -- the state that 's estimated to have the largest Somali population in the United States . His topics range from globalization and the world 's political economy to African issues , specifically those of his home country . After running for president , he has now returned to Macalaster College -- but as a member of Somalia 's parliament he continues to remain engaged in the rebuilding of the country . "  I am driven because after 30 years of studying I have seen enough of the truth in front of me through scholarship , " he says . "  What ails Somali people and how they might overcome those problems . " Samatar says that 15 years ago , it was hard to envision a bright future for Somalia . "  Today , though , it 's a different story , " he adds . "  There are blades of hope growing among these cobblestones of difficult history , " he explains , noting that Somalis are now exhausted by the ongoing war and civil strife . "  They are absolutely tired of a particular kind of religious Islamist militancy that wants to destroy the culture ; they are tired of warlords who hijack particular opportunities for their own self interests ... and destroy what it 's in place . "  So that exhaustion brings a certain kind of yearning for a new time and that 's hope . They have had enough of this and they want something different . "	In September , Somalia established its first stable central government in decades . Professor Ahmed Ismail Samatar says the new president is facing "  heavy challenges " Samatar is a professor at Macalester College in Minnesota , U.S. He ran for president in the recent Somali elections and is now a member of parliament
Mashable  -- Twitter has rolled out an update to its search tool that makes it easier to find new people to follow . Now , when you search for a given topic on the microblogging site , you 'll get suggestions of people and accounts that tweet about that topic . For instance , a search for "  movies " yields Roger Ebert , Judd Apatow , Jon Favreau and the iTunes Trailer account under the "  People results for movies " sidebar . You can get further suggestions by clicking on the "  People " tab on the left-hand side search results where you can also browse recent tweets about the queried topic . In the movies example , further results include Tom Hanks , Disney-Pixar and Kevin Smith . Previously , people results used a far simpler algorithm , showing people and accounts to follow based on keywords , the company said in a blog post . Though a relatively small and obvious move , it 's yet another addition to Twitter 's web interface that makes third-party tools for performing the same task a little less relevant  though the service has also been offering personalized follow suggestions for some time  . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Twitter has updated its search tool to help users find people to follow When you search for a topic , you 'll get suggestions of people that tweet about that topic You can get further suggestions by clicking on the "  People " tab
CNN  -- Contrary to the Hollywood image in movies like "  Minority Report , " technology has n't served law enforcement particularly well over the years . Fragmented and complex operating systems have challenged police officers to manually enter information into multiple programs . And yet officers still struggle to retrieve the information they need -- especially in the field , where it can be a matter of life or death . A large number of law enforcement agencies are still hindered by antiquated technologies . But agencies that have upgraded their operating and investigative systems have been tremendously effective in ensuring the safety of their citizens . Police forces like the Guardia Civil in Spain and An Garda Siochana in Ireland were early technology adopters and now benefit from some of the most efficient police operations and investigative systems in the world . These are the police forces of the future -- the ones that others will be modeling themselves after in the years to come . Accenture recently studied police forces from around the world and found that in every region , police are hungry for new technology . They see tech such as analytics , biometrics  identification of humans by their characteristics or traits  and facial recognition as keys to effectively fighting crime and maximizing the time officers spend in the field . Despite the reality of reduced budgets , law enforcement agencies that adopt new technologies can prevent crimes more effectively and solve crimes faster . ACLU raises privacy concerns about police technology tracking drivers Video analytics What many people do n't know is that there 's a solid infrastructure of closed-circuit TV in most cities . Historically , these CCTV cameras -- both publicly and privately owned -- have been used retrospectively to examine crime scenes for evidence . Images from street cameras along the Boston Marathon route helped identify the two bombing suspects there last April . In California , the San Diego Trolley Corporation now safeguards light-rail passengers with a video-analytics system that can alert security guards when it spots suspicious behaviors , such as an unmarked vehicle in a pedestrian zone . Cities such as London and Singapore also are testing pilot programs to apply predictive analytics to video feeds . Singapore 's government and economic leaders recently launched a one-year "  Safe City " pilot program to bring automated analytics to existing CCTV infrastructure across the city . The program will apply predictive analytics to video feeds to detect which of a multitude of street incidents , such as crowd and traffic movements , pose real concerns for public safety . These video feeds also will identify environmental threats to public safety , such as fire or flooding , as they arise . When a serious incident is identified , an alert will be sent to the authorities . This program enables real-time information sharing and will give law enforcement deeper insight into public safety across Singapore 's densely populated urban landscape . It also will increase police ability to anticipate and respond to incidents as they occur . Police embracing tech that predicts crimes Data mining and predictive analytics Other cities are using statistical analysis and predictive modeling to identify crime trends and highlight "  hidden " connections between disparate events . This helps police gain a more complete picture of crime , predict patterns of future criminal behavior and identify the key causal factors of crime in their area . Police in Richmond , Virginia , adopted an advanced data-mining and predictive-analytics program in 2006 in an ambitious campaign to reduce crime . In the first year of use , the city 's homicide rate dropped 32 % , rapes declined 19 % , robberies fell 3 % and aggravated assaults dropped by 17 % . Police in Memphis , Tennessee , also applied predictive analytics -- which relies on data-analysis software to predict where crimes will likely take place -- and saw immediate results . Serious crime in that city fell 30 % between 2006 and 2010 . Such technology also has been hailed for helping to lower crime rates in Los Angeles since its introduction by the LAPD in 2011 . And Lafourche Parish , Louisiana , uses an analytics model that brings together location-based crime and traffic-crash data to develop effective methods for deploying law enforcement and other resources . Using geo-mapping to identify "  hot spots " -- areas with high rates of crimes and car accidents -- the parish saw the number of fatal drunk-driving crashes fall from 27 in 2008 to 11 in 2009 , with a corresponding increase in drunk-driving arrests . Biometrics and beyond Next on the horizon of law-enforcement technologies is biometrics , including facial recognition . The same software that has been used to identify high rollers and cheats in casinos , for example , can now be used to single out people banned from football stadiums or terrorists on a watch list at key border-control points . Similar biometrics , including iris recognition , are now used to match passengers to their digital images on e-passports at border crossings all over the world , something that was unthinkable a decade ago . While not all police investigations resemble "  CSI " today , the potential for technology to reduce crime is real and proven . Although reduced budgets are making it harder for some police forces to adopt new tech tools , all law enforcement agencies must prepare their officers to embrace new technologies as they become available . Our future safety depends on it . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ger Daly .	Police forces around the world are fighting crime with new data-mining tools San Diego 's streetcars have video analytics that can spot suspicious behavior Major crime in Memphis fell 30 % with software to predict where crimes might take place Next on the horizon for law enforcement : biometrics , including facial recognition
Farnborough , England  CNN  -- As one of the world 's leading aviation marketplaces , the Farnborough International Airshow is usually an opportunity for airline executives to reach for their checkbooks . This year some might also be reaching for the stars . You told us : Top 5 spots for plane geeks For six days from July 9 , the airshow , will transform a small town to the west of London into a major aviation hub , attracting 250,000 visitors with its unique mix of big business and aerial entertainment . With the UK and other major European markets wallowing in recession or serious debt problems , industry experts warn the show -- now in its 64th year -- could lack some of the sparkle of its predecessors . Billions of dollars are still expected to change hands as passenger jets , cargo planes , fighter jets and unmanned drones are snapped up . But with no traditional aviation launches or announcements scheduled , the main attraction will be a spacecraft . A version of Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo -- a two-pilot , six-passenger craft capable of sub-orbital travel -- is scheduled to make its European debut at the show . Reports suggest Virgin boss Richard Branson will use the event to reveal design changes to the craft , which could be carrying its first passengers into orbit next year . So far 500 people -- including movie star Ashton Kutcher -- have signed up for a $ 200,000 flight . Where planes go to die Branson may also announce that Virgin Galactic is reviving plans for a satellite-launching service , possibly spurred on by the commercial SpaceX Dragon spacecraft , which successfully docked with the International Space Station earlier this year . With 1,400 aviation companies from 40 different countries attending the show , conventional air travel will remain the overall focus -- but do n't expect too many surprises . See also : Infographic on the global state of aviation "  This year wo n't be a show for aircraft debuts or actual hardware that we 'll be seeing for the first time , " Murdo Morrison , editor of Flight International magazine , told CNN . "  There 's nothing there which will be new and terribly exciting . It will be more about the business . " And business is likely to be brisk . Major manufacturers can expect to take significant bookings for their newest aircraft . Airbus will be touting its A380 superjumbo while rival Boeing will be seeking orders for its giant 747-8 and its super-efficient 787 Dreamliner . In 2010 , Farnborough witnessed sales of 157 Boeing and 133 Airbus aircraft . Among these was an $ 9.1 billion order from Dubai-based Emirates for 30 Boeing 777s . In total , orders worth $ 47 billion were placed . However , says Morrison , overall sales this year may suffer because of the squeeze that the economic downturn is putting on European civil and defense aviation budgets , which usually account for a major slice of the trade at Farnborough . These people really love to fly This , he says , is doing little to help the airshow maintain its relevance at a time when the difficulties of holding a major aviation event near London are making it less viable . U.S. defense giant Northrup Grumman is among several big names missing from this year 's show . "  Farnborough remains an important platform for the industry to meet , for the supply chain to get together and for the companies to meet their customers , " he said . "  It 's also still an important platform for companies to make media announcements . "  But on the negative side , its a big , costly show and some of the logistics are challenging , particularly for those people staying and traveling from London . "  It also struggles a little bit against some of the more niche competitors aimed at smaller parts of the industry . And it struggles because Europe is not a growth market -- the growth markets are Asia , South America , the Middle East and even Africa . " Where dead airplanes come back to life In addition to a glimpse of the Virgin Galactic exhibition , those who do brave the traffic congestion and unpredictable British summer weather will also be rewarded with the noisy aerial displays that are a trademark of the Farnborough show . These will include an appearance by a Qatar-outfitted Boeing 787 Dreamliner -- the first time the much-delayed flagship has appeared in airline livery . Unconfirmed reports suggest the 787 may make a fly-past , ending Boeing 's long absence from aerial display at Farnborough . Says Morrison , the displays at Farnborough  which opens up to the public for its final two days  often prove to be a distraction from the business side of the show , but they are also a key attraction . Among those wowing spectators with their aerial agility will be the Royal Air Force Red Arrows squadron , the Breitling Jet team , the Blades , RedHawks and Breitling Wingwalkers . "  It 's really two shows . During the week it 's a trade exhibition and at the weekend it is more about showing aviation to the public . This shows UK taxpayers what their money is being spent on and it engages young people in a possible aerospace career -- so there is a plus side , " he added . Plane spotters seek ` Wayne 's World ' thrills	Virgin Galactic 's Space Ship Two to make its European debut at Farnborough Billions of dollars in aircraft orders are expected to be placed at UK show Boeing 's long-delayed 787 Dreamliner is expected to make an appearance in Qatar colors
CNN  -- The Mexican Football Federation have pulled out of the bidding process for both the 2018 and 2022 World Cups because of financial concerns during the current economic downturn . The World Cup will not be returning to Mexico after the country pulled out of the buidding process . In a statement on their official Web site , the federation said : "  The decision is based on two premises : the global economic environment and the investment required in infrastructure . "  The outlook regarding the global economic environment does not allow the country 's authorities -- neither at federal nor local government level -- to commit funds towards the necessary works that will be required . " The federation added that it would be "  practically impossible " to find the public and private investment required to bring the country 's stadia up to scratch in time to stage the event . "  In Mexico we do have a sufficient number of stadia to stage the contest , but the majority of these were built several years ago to meet old FIFA requirements , " the statement continued . Mexico , who hosted the World Cup in 1970 and 1986 , were always considered outsiders in the 2018/2022 tender . With the neighbouring United States putting together an impressive bid and the 2014 edition being staged in Brazil , it was always unlikely that FIFA would opt for more than one country in the Americas when voting on the hosts for the 2018 and 2022 events . The other bidders include England , Australia , Indonesia , Japan and Russia , while Portugal and Spain have tabled a joint bid , as have Belgium and the Netherlands . South Korea and Qatar will compete with the other eight bids to host the 2022 World Cup , with FIFA set to decide on the hosts of both events in December 2010 . FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke added : "  Even though Mexico , one of the biggest football nations on earth and host of two FIFA World Cups , has finally opted to withdraw its bid to stage a third edition , FIFA wishes to thank the whole Mexican football family for having taken part in this process . "  We obviously fully respect this decision and are very much looking forward to continued cooperation with the Mexican Football Federation as another very nice goal approaches , namely the FIFA Under-17 World Cup 2011 , for which the preparations are well on track . "	Mexico pull out of the bidding process to stage the 2018 and 2022 World Cups The Mexican Football Federation blamed financial concerns for their decision Mexico were always considered one of the outsiders in the 2018/2022 tender
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama got help from baseball great Joe Torre at a White House event Wednesday highlighting new steps the government is taking to reduce domestic violence . Torre told the East Room audience about domestic abuse in his childhood home , where he said his father beat his mother . He pledged to help in any way he could to better protect the nation 's children , whom he called "  our treasure . " "  Awareness is probably the biggest deterrent to domestic violence and abuse that goes on , " said Torre , who with his wife started the Joe Torre Safe At Home Foundation to raise awareness about domestic violence . "  What better place than the White House to raise awareness ? " The new initiatives announced Wednesday include creation of a national advisory committee on violence against women that will work with U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and others to come up with best solutions for reducing domestic violence and helping the victims . Obama noted 25 percent of women in America experience domestic violence at some point in their lives . He described new initiatives that focus on protecting children , improving legal protection for victims , increasing arrests and successful prosecutions of sexual assault cases and helping victims attain financial independence . "  Nobody in America should live in fear because they are unsafe in their own home . No adult . No child , " Obama said , adding that one goal is to make sure "  no one has to choose between a violent home and no home at all . " A background document provided by the White House said Obama "  has called on every agency in the federal government to be part of the solution to ending violence against women . "	Baseball great Joe Torre tells White House event about his abusive father New initiatives seek to reduce violence and help victims One in four American women experiences domestic violence in her life
Editor 's note : Deborah E. Lipstadt , Dorot professor of modern Jewish and Holocaust studies at Emory University , is the author of "  History on Trial : My Day in Court with David Irving . " She was the target of a British libel lawsuit by Irving , a historian she said had become a spokesman for Holocaust denial . Lipstadt won the case in April 2000 . Read her blog here Deborah Lipstadt says the Holocaust love story seemed incredible on its face . CNN  -- I do n't know whether to be sad or angry -- or both . The recent exposé of the fact that Herman Rosenblat 's Holocaust memoir is a hoax was no surprise to me . From the first time I heard the story of his "  miraculous " survival during the Nazi era , I doubted that it could be true . Rosenblat 's claim that , as an inmate in a Buchenwald sub-camp , he had survived because a young girl had tossed an apple over the fence each day for seven months just did not seem credible to me . The notion that a concentration camp inmate could approach the fence without the SS shooting him beggared the imagination . I could not believe that a little girl whose family was supposedly passing as non-Jews would allow their daughter to engage in such an act . The fairy tale nature of the incident was enhanced by the supposed reunion of the couple on a blind date years later when both had moved to America . The story was that they discovered each other 's true identity and , after a whirlwind romance , decided to marry . Survivors who had been in the camp with Rosenblat and had kept in touch with him since the end of the war protested that the story could not be true . They wondered why Rosenblat had never mentioned the incident until the late 1990s . A number of other historians shared my doubts , which I posted on my blog . As one of the first to express skepticism about this , I became the target of attacks from those who thought I was demeaning the Rosenblats . We doubters could not , however , initially overcome the power of Oprah , on whose show Rosenblat and his wife appeared twice . Credulous reporters , who should have sought some form of verification , kept writing about this "  miraculous " event . The producer who acquired movie rights tried to intimidate those of us who raised questions . He wrote to me saying , "  I have traveled all over Eastern Europe for several years in preparation for what will be a major feature film . I may be more of a Holocaust expert than you , even though , I have no title nor university affiliation . What I do know for sure is before I make any statements I know the facts . You simply do not know those facts , and that Deborah , is the greatest sin to the memory of all those perished so long ago . " The publisher refused to let anyone see the book . Public relations people circulated versions of the story urging recipients to send it on so eventually it would reach millions of people . Slowly , thanks to the power of the Internet and the work of some intrepid historians , the hoax was exposed . The publisher pulled the book . The movie producer cried foul , presenting himself as a victim who had been duped . This is not the first time such a hoax has been perpetrated . Most of the previous stories have been spread by people who were passing as survivors . In contrast , the Rosenblats were both survivors of the Holocaust . But that fact has now been lost in the shuffle . What , then , is the danger of these sorts of hoaxes ? First of all , they give ammunition to Holocaust deniers . This is a bonanza for them . Deniers expend great efforts in trying to implant doubts in young people about the veracity of the Holocaust . They spend so much energy attacking "  Anne Frank : The Diary of a Young Girl " because it is a book that is widely read by young people . The fact that this "  apples over the fence " story has already been published as a widely successful children 's story provides the deniers with a great opportunity to peddle their wares . However , the danger posed by deniers is not the primary reason why such fabricated stories should be exposed . The events of the Holocaust are horrible in and of themselves . They do not need to be aggrandized or exaggerated to be made to sound any worse than they were . They also do not need to be rendered as joyful love stories that make us feel good about what happened . Both are insults to the survivors and inimical to the pursuit of historical truth . The optimum way of teaching about the Holocaust and presenting its history is , to quote Detective Joe Friday from the old TV show , "  Dragnet , " "  just the facts , just the facts . " What we need , particularly in relation to something as mind-boggling as the Holocaust , are "  just the facts . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Deborah Lipstadt .	Deborah Lipstadt : People raised questions about Holocaust love story She says backers of the story rejected the doubts Lipstadt says such tales give ammunition to Holocaust deniers She also says the fake story insults the memory of the survivors
CNN  -- Islamists , leftists and union members marched Friday in downtown Amman , demanding more significant economic and political reforms to help struggling citizens . About 3,000 people gathered in the Jordanian capital for the event , according to national police spokesman Lt. Col. Mohammad Al Khateeb . Half of those demonstrated , while the remainder walked alongside or watched from the sidelines . Al Khateeb said there were protests in six other cities on Friday , with crowd estimates totaling about 2,200 . The demonstrations in Amman were the third in as many Fridays , with protesters gathering in front of the Al Husseini Mosque to decry government policies they blame for rising prices , low wages and unemployment . There were also calls for Prime Minister Samir Rifai , who took office in December 2009 , to step down , and for the dissolution of parliament . The Islamic Action Front , the political arm of the Jordan branch of the Muslim Brotherhood , is also asking for an "  elected government . " Currently , the prime minister and cabinet are appointed by King Abdullah II . In recent weeks , the government has announced several measures intended to ease citizens ' economic hardships . These included reducing taxes on fuel derivatives and effectively subsidizing basic commodities . The government last week also announced a pay raise -- 20 Jordanian dinars per month -- for civil servants , military personnel and retirees . Still , protesters contended Friday that the measures do n't go far enough . Besides their demands of Jordan 's government , those in Amman also showed solidarity with others in the Arab world who have recently taken to the streets to demand certain freedoms and urge the ouster of their governments . Chanting , "  Egyptian nation , our beloved -- your redemption is near , " the Jordanian demonstrators spoke to the thousands of protesters in that north African country , who hit the streets Friday calling for an end to President Hosni Mubarak 's 30-year-rule .	Protestors demonstrate in Amman and six other Jordanian cities , a police spokesman says Demonstrators urge reforms to address unemployment , low wages and high prices Protesters express solidarity with those in Egypt , saying , "  Your redemption is near "
CNN  -- UPS has identified two pilots killed in a plane crash in the United Arab Emirates on Friday . Capt. Doug Lampe of Louisville , Kentucky , and First Officer Matthew Bell of Sanford , Florida , were en route to Cologne , Germany , when the plane crashed near Dubai International Airport shortly after takeoff . "  This is a terrible tragedy , and all of us at UPS extend our deepest sympathies to the families and friends of both of these crew members , " UPS CEO Scott Davis said in a written statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers will continue to be with them during this difficult time . " Lampe , 48 , had been with UPS since 1995 , the company said . Bell , 38 , had been with UPS since 2006 . Both crew members flew out of UPS 's Anchorage , Alaska pilot base , the company said . See the first pictures of Dubai plane crash site The cause of the crash remains unclear . UPS says the 747-400 aircraft underwent a major inspection in June 2010 . The National Transportation Safety Board is dispatching an aviation investigation team to assist the General Civil Aviation Authority of the United Arab Emirates in the crash investigation , according to the statement . The GCAA will take the lead on the investigation .	The plane crashes near Dubai International Airport shortly after takeoff The cause of the crash remains unclear A UAE aviation authority will lead the investigation
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- Donating to charity itself is a relatively new phenomenon in a society that traditionally values family units . President Lee Myung-Bak is criticized by opposition parties who say he supports policies that favor the rich . So the announcement that South Korean President Lee Myung-Bak will be donating $ 26 million , the bulk of his wealth , to charity , is considered highly unusual . The president 's office said the money will be used to set up a new youth scholarship program . "  My fortune , which I accumulated through hard work during my life , is very precious to me , " said Lee in a statement . "  I have long thought that it would be good if my wealth was spent for society in a valuable way . " Lee , who came to office last February , promised to donate his personal wealth to society in late 2007 when he was accused of amassing his fortune through illegal means . He was since been cleared of all charges . But he is now facing criticism from opposition parties who say he supports policies that favor the rich . Lee is a former CEO of Hyundai Construction and the Seoul mayor . But he emphasizes his impoverished beginnings , as a poor young man who had to earn his college tuition cleaning streets . "  Looking back , I realize that all of those who helped me were poor , " said Lee in the statement . "  I know that the best way for me to pay back such kindness is to give back to society what I earned . " Analysts say this move will hopefully encourage many others to follow .	President Lee Myung-Bak to donate $ 26 million , the bulk of his wealth , to charity President 's office says money will be used to set up youth scholarship program Lee promised to donate wealth in 2007 when accused of illegally amassing fortune He was since been cleared of all charges
CNN  -- When people complain about the nearly three-hour length of the first installment of "  The Hobbit " film trilogy because the source book is a slim 300 pages , they 're forgetting that much of the story is n't from "  The Hobbit " itself -- but expanded from the appendices to "  The Lord of the Rings . " That extra material is what justifies the longer time on screen , and answers such questions as where does Gandalf go when he disappears ? Why is the wizard helping the dwarves on their quest in the first place ? What 's so bad about dragons ? And so , to put a stop to all those moments when you 'd otherwise wonder , "  But that was n't in the book ! " here are the five major changes from "  The Hobbit " the book to "  The Hobbit " the films . The Dwarves ' Quest In the book "  The Hobbit , " a company of dwarves led by Thorin Oakenshield seek help from Bilbo Baggins because they need a "  burglar . " That 's the term they use , because they seek to steal a whole mess of gold , treasure and other gems such as the Arkenstone from the dragon Smaug .  Or rather , steal it back , since Smaug stole it from them in the first place  . In the film , the quest becomes a bit more noble , since the dwarves now phrase it as stealing back their homeland , Erebor , the Lonely Mountain . Even though this only existed in "  The Hobbit " as a story Thorin told Bilbo to explain their quest , in "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey " film we get to see what a thriving dwarf town looks like and how they lost it , even if Smaug himself is barely glimpsed yet -- a tail here , a wing there , an open eye that looks eerily like the Lidless Eye of Sauron . The Necromancer "  He is an enemy far beyond the power of all the dwarves put together , if they could all be collected again , " Gandalf says in "  The Hobbit . " But when J.R.R. Tolkien wrote the novel he had not yet conceived of Sauron and the One Ring which only came 17 years later in "  The Lord of The Rings , " so the connection between the Necromancer and Sauron was not made clear . Now that we know they 're one and the same , the filmmakers are able to connect the dots for us , by bringing in glimpses of the Ringwraiths  or the graves of the nine men who are the Ringwraiths  and their Morgul blades . And while Gandalf knew that the Necromancer was a great threat , knowing Sauron is no longer sleeping is an even greater one . Dol Guldur Gandalf found Thorin 's father Thrain in Dol Guldur , which was near the river where the Ring was lost , as "  a prisoner in the dungeons of the Necromancer , " he says in "  The Hobbit . " When asked to explain , he says , "  Never you mind . " We get much more an explanation in the appendices , which will undoubtedly become a major scene in a later Hobbit film . As a ringbearer , he was hunted down by Sauron 's emissaries , who then tortured him and took the Ring from him at Dol Guldur . When Gandalf found him , he was near death , and could barely remember his own son 's name . Despite his condition he asked the wizard to give him an inheritance anyway : a map and a key to Erebor . Of course , when Dol Guldur is threatened , Sauron need only move on -- to Mordor . The Orc Azog We also will meet another foe , Azog  played by Manu Bennett  , an Orc who fights with Thorin 's family and during which Thorin earns his nickname "  Oakenshield " for the makeshift tree branch he uses in battle against him . Azog is described in the appendices as "  a great Orc with a huge iron-clad head , and yet agile and strong . " Azog , who killed Thorin 's grandfather Thror , is believed to be dead in "  The Hobbit , " but why kill off a great villain when you can have him hunting down the dwarves throughout the story ? His history gives the Orcs more reason to chase down Thorin and company than the other nameless Orcs who would have been required otherwise . The White Council In the film , Gandalf leaves the dwarves  and Bilbo  from time to time on their quest -- but where does he go ? At least during one of these absences , he consults with a member of his order , Saruman the White  before he goes bad  and two elves , Galadriel and Elrond . It 's never specified in the books who are the members of the White Council other than Saruman  who never actually appeared in "  The Hobbit " proper  . We do know from the appendices that the council is formed around the same time that Deagol found the Ring , only to be murdered by Smeagol . Coincidence ? With the council , Gandalf discusses what kind of a danger the Necromancer really is , why they should destroy Dol Guldur , and why that 's necessary for him to help the dwarves -- getting rid of the weapon of mass destruction that is Smaug is their best interest , too , since the dragon would certainly aid the enemy . And why should n't they be allies , when both are played by Benedict Cumberbatch ?	There are some differences between "  The Hobbit " book and the new film Much of the film 's story is actually from the appendices to "  The Lord of the Rings " The first movie installment of "  The Hobbit " is almost three hours long
CNN  -- Instant messaging , texting , Facebook , and ... "  Call of Duty ? " The "  Call of Duty " games effectively adapt to changing communication habits , Bobby Kotick , the CEO of game publisher Activision , told CNN on Tuesday . And that could be the smoking gun in the franchise 's takeover of the video-game industry . The latest entry in the console-game series , "  Call of Duty : Black Ops , " has netted more than $ 1 billion in sales worldwide since it came out on November 9 , Activision announced on Tuesday . In that time , gamers have spent 600 million hours with the game , the company said . "  More people play ` Black Ops ' every day than watch Jay Leno , David Letterman and Jimmy Fallon , combined , " Kotick boasted . "  The audience of ` Call of Duty ' is probably greater in terms of size ... than in any other interactive form of entertainment . " Activision did n't invent war games or first-person shooters . Even today , the genre continues to attract new big-budget entrants . On Tuesday , Electronics Arts released "  Battlefield : Bad Company 2 Vietnam . " Yet it 's the "  Call of Duty " games that attract blockbuster openings and fervent support . By some estimates , "  Black Ops " had the biggest five-day opening in revenue of any entertainment debut in history . The "  Call of Duty " games generally feature compelling , cinematic storylines . In "  Black Ops , " soldiers are tasked with assassinating Cuban leader Fidel Castro . But it 's the competitive play that draws the biggest crowds , Kotick said . Some 60 % of traffic coming through Microsoft 's Xbox Live online gaming service is from "  Call of Duty " games , where players can take each other on , he said . "  The multiplayer is really the thing that has changed the game in such a meaningful way , " Kotick said . Instead of getting together to watch a movie , some people huddle around the living-room game console , or strap on a headset and chat online with friends across town or across the country over some gunfire . "  If you look at the 500 million people who are on Facebook and the way that people text each other and instant message and use video chat , there is now an evolution of media , " Kotick said . "  Those are the characteristics and attributes that a generation and audiences feel are very important to their media and entertainment experiences . And we expect that . " "  Call of Duty " delivers on that trend , he said . These games can be as integral to the social lives of young people , especially males , as any other form of digital communication . Kotick rattled off various factors he says make the "  Call of Duty " franchise stand out from competitors -- "  production value , the level of polish , " that "  no detail gets left unaltered , " he said . Perhaps most important is "  the sophistication and capability of the multiplayer matchup , " Kotick said . "  Black Ops " credits Activision 's Treyarch studio as the primary developer . The game came under scrutiny from video-game critics after a shakeup at Infinity Ward , the developer most often associated with the franchise . Activision fired two executives from Infinity Ward for "  wrongdoing " -- "  so wrong that you were left with no choice " but to dismiss them , Kotick said . Their positions have since been filled after the company was flooded with about 5,000 résumés , Kotick said . "  Multiplayer has been largely developed by Treyarch , " even in games like "  Modern Warfare , " which were credited to Infinity Ward , Kotick said . "  I do n't think Treyarch got their due for how much they contributed in the production and polish to the multiplayer . " Future "  Call of Duty " games may borrow some things from Activision Blizzard 's other massive franchise , "  World of Warcraft , " Kotick said . For example , developers should constantly mold their games based on audience feedback , he said . "  Blizzard really created the model for how to do this successfully and effectively , making sure the community of ` World of Warcraft ' players has incredible influence on the future of the product , " Kotick said . "  There 's so much more that we can deliver to our players . "	"  Call of Duty " effectively adapts to changing communication habits , says Activision 's CEO The games can be as integral to social lives as Facebook and text messaging Activision hopes to adapt lessons from "  World of Warcraft " into "  Call of Duty "
CNN  -- Thousands of people in parts of the northern United States and southeastern Canada endured at least their fourth consecutive day without electricity Thursday because of ice-related outages , and power companies warned some still might not have power until at least the weekend . More than 232,000 customers were without power in below-freezing temperatures Thursday in parts of Michigan , Ontario , Quebec , New Brunswick , and northern New England . Storms that began hitting Michigan on Saturday and moved through New England early this week knocked down trees and power lines , leaving hundreds of thousands in the dark . At least 19 people died in weather-related incidents since Saturday , authorities said Thursday . Of the casualties , 14 were in the United States , according to various emergency management officials . The majority died of carbon monoxide poisoning , the officials said . In Kentucky , five people died in flooding-related incidents , state officials said . In Canada , three people in Quebec and two in Toronto died from carbon monoxide poisoning , official said . In areas near Toronto , where officials said the storm was one of the worst to hit the city , more than 54,000 were without power Thursday . While that 's down from 300,000 at the peak , utility officials there declined to estimate when the last outages would be fixed . "  It 's taking long because we have n't seen a storm like this in our history , " Toronto Hydro spokeswoman Tanya Bruckmueller told CNN affiliate CBC News . "  The amount of damage to both our equipment due to the trees coming down is slowing us down , as well as this morning we 've got snow coming , which is much heavier on the branches and is now covering a lot of what we need to be repairing . " Toronto resident Vic Baniuk told CBC on Thursday that his family has n't had power for five days , and they were using a fireplace and a cast-iron stove to stay warm . "  We 're sitting in the dark and cold , and I feel that everybody has ignored us , " he told CBC . A tree branch pierced his roof , making a bad situation worse . "  This is not an inconvenience . This is an emergency , a disaster , " CBC reported Baniuk said . Light snow might fall Thursday night and Friday morning in Toronto , where the temperature was -2 C  28 F  around 3 p.m. . The temperature is n't expected to get above freezing until Saturday , with a high of 3 C  37 F  possible . Another 16,000 people were without power Thursday elsewhere in southern Ontario ; 20,500 had no electricity in the Canadian province of New Brunswick , and another 8,900 still had outages in Quebec province , utility companies said . The Hyrdo-Quebec utility estimated that about 2,000 of its customers in Quebec , mostly in rural areas , would not get power back until Friday . Power to the people Power crews were working around the clock and called in reinforcements from other states to help them wrangle electric lines back into place . They have made progress . Of the 470,000 customers left in the dark and cold earlier in the week in Michigan , all but 100,000 had electricity restored by Thursday morning , according to two utilities . High temperatures sat in the mid-20s around much of lower Michigan on Thursday . Ice could finally start melting Saturday , when temperatures could reach the high 30s or lower 40s . Michigan utility Consumers Energy warned the melting might not be all good news -- it might snap more tree branches and send them crashing into power lines , causing more outages . Consumers Energy said it expected to have most of the outages fixed by the end of Saturday . Utility crews have had to work against icebox weather conditions this week . One utility truck flipped over on a Michigan interstate Wednesday , as a dozen cars and trucks wiped out on the same patch of ice , CNN affiliate WOOD reported . About 600 customers had no power in parts of Vermont on Thursday morning . Roughly 30,000 people still were without electricity in Maine . With no power in her Litchifield , Maine , home on Wednesday afternoon , Mary Beth King cooked her family 's Christmas dinner -- seafood chowder -- on an outdoor grill , CNN affiliate WGME reported . King 's husband spent part of Christmas looking for a replacement for a generator that failed on Tuesday night . "  We do have a wood stove in the basement , which is wonderful , so it keeps the house warm . So we 're lucky for that , " she told WGME . ` Room at the inn ' The storm clouds had a silver lining for some who lost power . They found generosity and new friends after turning to shelters to stay warm . More than 200 people took refuge Thursday in Red Cross shelters in Michigan and Maine , according to the relief group 's online shelter tracker . "  Friends and family . " That 's how Bonnie Libby described her shelter mates to WOOD after living with them for three days . The outage was a cure for loneliness on Christmas Day for Larry Sutherland . "  I would be spending it alone , and my Christmas dinner would be a microwave meal , " he said . On Christmas Eve , power crews put the lights back on at the house of Dennis and Daisy Davis , but Christmas at home no longer felt right , and they returned to the Red Cross Shelter . "  I think it is just all the people pulling together , " Daisy Davis told WOOD . "  I think it is the true meaning of Christmas . " Bonita Thomas wanted to host her grandchildren in her Flint-area apartment for Christmas , but falling trees cut the power to her building on Monday , and she began to shiver . She wrapped herself in layers . But when temperatures fell to the single digits , it was too much -- she called her grandkids ' father , told them to stay home , and she went to a Red Cross shelter . Thomas was sad that she could n't host her grandchildren , but she 's grateful for the room and board , she told CNN . "  It 's kind of depressing , but I just believe ... that God 's still on my side . And there 's room at the inn . " CNN 's Mayra , Cuevas , Stephanie Gallman , Kevin Conlon , Carma Hassan and Matt Daniel contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities say 14 people died in the United States and five in Canada since Saturday 232,000-plus customers without power in Michigan , Canada , New England Electrical grids are rapidly recovering , but crews are working against the ice Christmas took on new meaning for some at Red Cross shelters
CNN  -- While some criticism targeting President Obama is racially motivated , the fight over health care is n't , former President Clinton told CNN . Former President Clinton says Democrats need to win the health care debate "  on the merits . " "  I believe that some of the right-wing extremists which oppose President Obama are also racially prejudiced and would prefer not to have an African-American president , " Clinton told CNN 's Larry King in a wide-ranging interview that aired Monday evening . "  But I do n't believe that all the people who oppose him on health care -- and all the conservatives -- are racists . And I believe if he were white , every single person who opposes him now would be opposing him then . " Clinton discussed a variety of issues facing the Obama administration -- from health care to the war in Afghanistan -- on the eve of the fifth annual meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative . Regarding race , the former president was referring to an outburst from Rep. Joe Wilson , R-South Carolina , who shouted , "  You lie ! " at Obama during the president 's recent joint address to Congress and also former President Carter 's assessment that racism is an obstacle for the current president . "  While I have devoted my life to getting rid of racism , I think this -LSB- health care -RSB- is a fight that my president and our party -- this is one we need to win on the merits , " Clinton said . Watch Clinton say he thinks a health care bill will pass " On the Arab-Israeli conflict -- which Clinton tried to address while in the White House -- the former president said it 's an issue that first has to be addressed by the Palestinians and Israelis . Obama has set up meetings with leaders from both sides this week as the U.N. General Assembly meets in New York . "  First , it 's more up to them than it is to President Obama , " Clinton said . "  I think if we can just get them to start talking again around the two-state solutions , around restoring a sense of normalcy and creating a Palestinian state ... I think you would be surprised how quickly at least they would come down to all the same issues that they were down to in 2000 when I made my proposal . " In August , Clinton made headlines when he traveled to North Korea to gain the release of two detained U.S. journalists , Euna Lee and Laura Ling . During his visit , Clinton met with reclusive leader Kim Jong Il , whose government is under U.N. sanctions for its efforts to develop a nuclear weapons program . Asked about how it felt to help the journalists , Clinton said , "  It was humbling , and it was a wonderful feeling . They 're really fine young women . " Clinton also discussed the conflict in Afghanistan , addressing top U.S. Gen. Stanley McChrystal 's report warning Obama that more troops are needed within the coming year or the nearly 8-year-old war "  will likely result in failure , " according to a copy of a 66-page document obtained by The Washington Post . Obama has promised to ask "  tough questions " before deciding whether to send additional troops to Afghanistan , saying it was necessary to have a clear strategy in place before deploying resources . "  My guess is that he will say , ` You may be right , general , but we still have this ongoing election count , let 's wait until that happens , let 's see what the new government 's going to be , let 's see if both the top two finishers are going to be in the government , which is a possibility , ' " Clinton said . "  And if that means there 's going to be more broad-based support because we got everybody together right after the election was over , then it 's clear that more soldiers will be even more effective . " Clinton , a New York resident , also touched on a New York Times report that Obama administration officials have urged New York Gov. David A. Paterson to withdraw from the 2010 race . White House officials acknowledged to CNN that aides have conveyed to Paterson 's camp they are aware of the governor 's unpopularity and the political troubles it could cause . "  Well , first of all , I have no direct knowledge of it , " Clinton said , adding later , "  The truth is I ca n't criticize either one of them . " "  I think Paterson is in a tough spot , but he 's done a better job than he 's gotten credit for , " he said . "  So he 's done some good things . I think that he will do what he thinks is right for the people of New York in the end and for himself . I think the president understandably wants to hold on to the governorship of the fourth biggest state of the country . "	Ex-President Clinton says race not behind health care opposition But some extremists opposing President Obama racially prejudiced , Clinton says Clinton : "  It was a wonderful feeling " to help U.S. journalists in North Korea
CNN  -- "  Dancing with the Stars " is down from 13 competitors to 12 after season 19 's first elimination on Tuesday . The unlucky star going home was Olympic athlete Lolo Jones , who was part of one of the worst-performing teams during the season premiere on Monday night . Thanks to missed cues , her cha-cha with pro partner Keo Motsepe scored a 22 and put her in danger of being sent home . In the end , it was fashion designer Betsey Johnson , who was in last place on Monday , who gets to dance another week . When her elimination was announced , Jones , who had been openly frustrated about her performance , said she "  would n't have it any other way . " "  I know Betsey  Johnson  had a malfunction ... and that was a disadvantage for her , " Jones said Tuesday . "  I 'm glad she 's staying , and she deserves to stay . " On Facebook , Jones shared with fans how disappointed she was with her "  Dancing " routine and her apprehension about the criticism she felt was sure to come in light of past struggles at Olympic games . "  When I was dancing last night and messed up I had flashbacks of the three Olympics ... that people constantly tease me about , " Jones said . "  I thought oh no here it comes again . People are going to ridicule me . I 'm so tired of feeling embarrassed . " But the tough moment also taught Jones , who is a devout Christian , something about her faith . "  My brief time on â $ ª # â $ ŽDWTSâ $ ¬ was a lasting lesson , " she said . "  I really wanted to stay on the show and have the layers of hurt wash away by showing the public how hard I work . I wanted to come away a victor for once . ... But that is my way of thinking . Not God 's . Instead , I need to trust God that he would heal my heart . ... My time was brief but the lesson is lasting . "	"  Dancing with the Stars " competitor Lolo Jones was the first to go home She said would n't have had it any other way After her performance , Jones said she felt embarrassed
Health.com  -- Do n't let the "  former teen star " description fool you : Hilary Duff is one young celeb who truly has it together . You wo n't find the ex-Lizzie McGuire star landing in the tabloids because of hard-partying ways . Instead , the 23-year-old actress/singer has made headlines by getting married  to pro hockey player Mike Comrie  and adding to her ridiculously impressive resume : In October , the actress/singer released her first book , a young-adult novel called "  Elixir . " Here , Hilary chats with Health about what she loves about writing , which workout she swears by , and her hard-earned secret to body confidence . Q : What 's your definition of living healthy ? A : Moderation is key . Eating healthily all the time can be boring -- you know , when you take apart the menu and ask for everything on the side ? Balance makes me feel good : I feel most healthy when I enjoy small bites of the things I love . I used to feel bad about eating French fries -- I 'd think that I had blown my diet . But you have to think , That 's OK , I 'll eat healthier tomorrow . Health.com : 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat Q : What are your favorite good-for-you snacks ? A : Recently , I have been eating a lot of vegetables and hummus and fruit -- stuff I never really liked before . If I am hungry before bed , I will grab a handful of blueberries . Greek yogurt is one of my favorite things in the whole world . Sometimes I 'll chop up a bunch of veggies and put them in a food processor with Greek yogurt and make a dip . It 's better if I snack throughout the day , because if I get hungry , Mike says I get "  hangry , " which is hungry-angry . It 's not good . Q : Do you have any guilty-pleasure foods ? A : I love cheese . I would probably eat any kind you put in front of me ! And I like healthy things with a high fat content , like dark chocolate and avocado . Health.com : How to make chocolate a healthy indulgence Q : You 're into Pilates , right ? A : I was a gymnast when I was little , so I think Pilates is really important to helping me stay long and lean . I try to do it three times a week . I also do circuit training . Before I was n't doing much cardio -- just Pilates -- and I was n't getting the same results , so I bumped up my cardio and do circuits probably twice a week . Q : You intensified your workouts  with trainer Harley Pasternak  before your August wedding . Have you kept that up ? A : I was kind of burned out afterward , so I relaxed a bit , but now I am starting to feel the effects . I probably wo n't be as hard on myself , but I do want to stay on top of it . It 's a constant battle . Q : What are your tricks for making workouts fun ? A : Making sure I work out with people I can talk to . Sometimes my sister -LSB- Haylie -RSB- and I will work out together , and we laugh the whole time , so it goes by faster . I can also read a script or book while on the elliptical . I joke with Mike that I have better than 20-20 vision . Health.com : Get the body you crave with celeb-inspired workouts Q : Do you have any health regrets ? A : I got pretty skinny when I was between 17 and 19 . I do n't know what exactly made me get on that kick , but at the time I was starting to become aware of what people said about me and how I looked in pictures . I literally ate nothing but steamed vegetables and broiled or grilled chicken , with nothing else . I was touring at the time , traveling everywhere , and I felt so run down . Not giving your body enough of what it needs is really dangerous . I regret it because I do n't think I was happy then . Q : You endured scrutiny about your weight when you were still a teenager . How did you handle that ? A : It sucked . I was 16 and my body was still changing and people would say I was too heavy . And then I would lose weight and my face would get skinny and people would say I had done something to my face and that I was too skinny . It must have been really hard because I 've blocked it out a little . At the time , I felt almost proud of being skinny , but one day the mother of a fan came up to me and said , "  Are you OK ? Are they not feeding you ? " After that , all of a sudden , I stopped being as concerned about everything . It was n't a big intervention or anything . I got off tour and changed . I started hanging out with my friends and cooking and had a more normal life . Health.com : How do you find your feel great weight ? Q : You seem comfortable in your own skin now . What 's the key to body confidence ? A : I have issues and insecurities just like everybody else . It really helps to have a partner that loves everything about you and makes you feel really beautiful . Not that you should look for other people to make you feel good about yourself , but it does help . Other than that , I really do feel like working out has helped because you 're working hard for something . You feel stronger and a little more powerful . There 's no trick , though . I hate my arms . Nobody is ever perfect , but it helps to look for things to feel good about , rather than things to feel bad about . Q : Your first novel , "  Elixir , " came out in October . What made you want to write a young-adult book ? A : It was a few years ago , and I asked myself , "  What do I want to do ? How can I spend time with Mike ? " I wanted to be able to reach out to my fans , and writing was something creative I could do , even when I was traveling with him . Health.com : 10 ways to make any hotel room healthier Q : After releasing four albums , you put your music career on hold . Think you 'll return to the studio ? A : I want to act . That is what I want to focus on more , but it 's all about timing and finding the right role . Q : Did any of the older Disney alums give you advice when you were starting out ? A : I think people imagine it that way , that you have these deep conversations about how to manage your way through this craziness . I 've met Justin -LSB- Timberlake -RSB- and Britney -LSB- Spears -RSB- a few times , but it 's not like they 've said , "  Here , sit down , listen to me kid . " Q : You filmed a threesome scene on "  Gossip Girl " last season . What was that like ? A : I went into my wardrobe fitting one day and was trying on lingerie . I asked them why I was trying on so much lingerie , and they were like , "  Oh , you do n't know ? You 're having a threesome scene . " My first thought was , "  How am I going to tell my mother ? " Health.com : The secret to hotter sex Q : How have things changed between you and Mike since getting married ? A : I think we already felt married before we were married because we had a really strong commitment to each other . I did feel different after the wedding , going through the steps and saying those words to one another , but now things have settled down and gone back to normal . Q : Do you have special plans for your first Thanksgiving as newlyweds ? A : For the last few years -LSB- Mike -RSB- has been in Canada and they do Thanksgiving on a different day . I do n't know if my mom is going to come or where we 'll be . Health.com : Secrets to a fresh , fast Thanksgiving But I love to bake ! On Thanksgiving , I make pecan pie and pumpkin pie . Before the wedding I was baking all the time and giving it away and my friends were like , "  We know what you are doing -- you are making us eat it -LSB- so you do n't eat it -RSB- . This is mean ! " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Recently married actress Hilary Duff knows the secret to body confidence Duff : "  Look for things to feel good about , rather than things to feel bad about " Some of Duff 's favorite snacks are fruit and vegetables with hummus
Washington  CNN  -- After celebrating his second inauguration with a throng estimated at about 800,000 , President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama spent the evening at more intimate affairs : 30,000 guests at two inaugural balls . The Obamas first swung by the Commander in Chief 's Ball , where they danced in front of a sea of cell phone cameras to Jennifer Hudson 's performance of Al Green 's classic "  Let 's Stay Together . " They then switched partners : the first lady danced with Marine Corps Gunnery Sgt. Timothy D. Easterling and the president danced with an Air Force Staff Sgt. Bria D. Nelson . Obama sang a bit of the same song at a campaign fundraiser in Harlem last year . The first lady wore a custom , ruby-colored gown designed by Jason Wu , who also designed her inaugural gown in 2009 , and the president wore a tuxedo and white tie . Vice President Joe Biden and his wife , Jill , also appeared at the two balls , dancing to Jamie Foxx performing Ray Charles ' "  I Ca n't Stop Loving You . " Foxx portrayed the singer in the movie "  Ray . " Your inauguration photos The Bidens also switched partners with military members , the vice president dancing with Army Staff Sgt. Keesha Nicole Dentino and Mrs. Biden with Navy Petty Officer Patrick Figueroa . Obama delivered the "  thanks of the American people " to the members of the military at the service members ' ball . "  Thank you for volunteering , thank you for stepping up , thanks for making us strong , thank you for keeping us safe , " the commander-in-chief told the cheering revelers . He also told them that Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey had promised to sing , "  so hold him to that . " The Obamas also danced to "  Let 's Stay Together " at the Inaugural Ball , also held in the convention center . Hudson was one of 21 acts that were to perform at the two balls , including Alicia Keys , Brad Paisley , Far East Movement , fun. , members of the cast of "  Glee , " John Legend , Katy Perry , Marc Anthony , Mindless Behavior , Nick Cannon , Smokey Robinson , Soul Children of Chicago , Soundgarden , Stevie Wonder and Usher . Keys changed the lyrics of her hit "  Girl on Fire " from "  This girl is on fire " to "  Obama 's on fire . " Organizers converted the convention center 's massive , bare-bones exhibit hall into a slightly less bare-bones ballroom . No chandeliers here , just a few drapes and decorations to spruce up the exposed ceiling and fluorescent lights . Revelers danced on the center 's industrial concrete floor . Kelly Clarkson 's Inauguration Day diary Seen close to the stage were the first lady 's mother , Marian Robinson , and Obama adviser and family friend Valerie Jarrett . Former Obama campaign manager Jim Messina was seen in the crowd . The Inaugural Ball was split between two floors in the building , and attendees were not allowed to go from floor to floor . While Monday 's events were the only two official balls , there were others in the city around the inauguration . On Sunday night , they included the Red , White and Blue Ball headlined by Lynyrd Skynyrd ; the Hip Hop Ball , chaired by Russell Simmons with appearances by 2 Chainz , John Legend , Eva Longoria and Swizz Beatz ; and the "  Latino In Performance " and "  Let Freedom Ring ! " galas at the Kennedy Center . On Monday , the Creative Coalition was putting on a ball with a performance by the Goo Goo Dolls , while the Young and Powerful Black Tie Ball and the Congressional Black Caucus Inaugural Ball were also taking place in the city . Sponsors threw a ball for George Washington a week after his inauguration in New York in 1789 , but the celebrations were established as a tradition with the inauguration of James Madison in Washington in 1809 . The Obamas dashed around Washington to 10 balls in 2009 , but like many things in his second inauguration -- smaller crowds , shorter lines , shorter speeches -- the number was reduced . President Bill Clinton 's second inauguration in 1997 holds the record for most balls with 14 . George W. Bush had eight balls in 2001 and nine in 2005 . Drama in red : First lady doubles down on Jason Wu CNN 's Allison Brennan , Alison Harding and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report	Obamas dance to Jennifer Hudson 's performance of Al Green 's "  Let 's Stay Together " First lady wears Jason Wu gown to both soirees ; Wu also designed her 2009 gown 21 acts were to perform at the two official inaugural balls Monday night
