HO CHI MINH CITY , Vietnam  CNN  -- To feel the vibrancy of Ho Chi Minh City , all you have to do is step out onto a bustling city street . Step to it : Walking through the city 's streets is the best way to see it . Negotiating the roads , chock full of motorbikes and an increasing number of cars , can be daunting . But copy the fearless locals -- they do n't break stride and never retreat -- and put your fate in the hands , or throttle , of the city 's drivers who seems masterful at avoiding each other . A good place to kick off a visit is on one of the main drags , Le Loi , a street that runs through the heart of the city . Near one end is the picturesque Opera House , as well as the majestic City Hall or "  People 's Committee Building "  this is still a communist country of course  . You should n't have to do too much motorbike dodging down Lei Loi and after just a 15 minute stroll from City Hall is the famed Cho Ben Thanh Market . However give yourself more time to stop into galleries or buy a classic piece of communist propaganda along the way . The hundreds of stalls at Cho Ben Thanh offer a mix of traditional culture and tourist kitsch . You can sit with the locals and sip a solid jolt of Vietnamese coffee then move on to shopping for touristy T-shirts and "  authentic chopsticks " . Many of the stalls feature signs saying the prices are fixed . But if you 're prepared to drive a hard bargain , or buy in bulk , that idea can be amended . It 's also worth a return trip later on in the evening when the market closes and street side restaurants spring up , offering great meals at cheap prices . If you 're looking to get away from the strip of Western hotels in the city center , hail a cab and head over to Cholon , or Ho Chi Minh City 's Chinatown . In the late 18th century , this enclave was actually a separate city from old Saigon but the two were united in the early 1930 's . Today Cholon is home to the Binh Tay Market , which the locals call "  Cho Lon . " Just do n't confuse it with Ben Thanh , or you 'll be right back where you started . The area is filled with plenty of local color and is a photographer 's dream . Despite mass consumption of bottled water and the finest sunscreen , you 'll need to find a way to beat the heat in Ho Chi Minh City . One of the best ways is to make regular stops at any restaurant or café for a refreshing lime soda . A bowl of the traditional Pho  pronounced "  fuh "  is also a must . It 's said that this simple dish -- consisting of noodles , beef and broth -- was created at food stalls in Hanoi nearly a century ago . But even in Ho Chi Minh you need to walk only a few feet before coming across a food joint claiming to serve the city 's best Pho . In a place with stifling heat and the motorbike madness , an afternoon rest is a wise move , especially if you want to partake in the nightlife . Another dose of Vietnamese coffee will surely have you revived in no time . Or , if you 're in need of some pampering , try a foot massage at any of the countless establishments -- to play it safe and avoid "  additional services " get a suggestion from any hotel concierge . Is Ho Chi Minh City the most exciting city in Asia for a short break ? Have you say in the "  Sound Off " box below . If you 're keen to try to play foreign correspondent -- or at least see where they gathered during the days of the Vietnam War - look no further than the Rex Hotel on Nguyen Hue Boulevard . The drinks are wildly overpriced and the crowd seems to be on the "  5 Asian Cities in 7 Days " tour , but its large rooftop does offer a great bird 's eye view of the lively streets below . The nearby Temple Club on Ton That Thiep Street offers a quieter setting for a cocktail . Diners also give great reviews for the food . Afterwards , stroll over to Vasco 's on Hai Ba Trung Street . The French colonial style building features bands playing away upstairs with large lounges on the veranda , while downstairs you can settle in for a more mellow night . If your 24 hours in Ho Chi Minh City happens to turn into 36 or 48 , arrange a day trip to the Cu Chi Tunnels , about 70 kilometers Northwest of the city . The Viet Cong built this maze of passageways , which served as supply lines , during the Vietnam War . The narrow tunnels snake underground for a staggering 200 kilometers . Not only can you take a stroll , or crawl , through a few parts of it , you 'll also be served a unique dose of communist propaganda . Most trips to Cu Chi also include a stop at the very colorful and unique Cao Dai Temple in Tay Ninh . If these options do n't hit the mark , you can always accept an offer from one of the countless "  moto drivers . " They 'll have you on the back of their bike and whizzing through the streets in no time . Just hold on tight . And maybe close your eyes .	The city is buzzing with motorbikes , so be quick to get up to speed All the sights , smells and color of the city can be found around Cho Ben Thanh Take a break from the heat and traffic with regular pit stops for delicious local food
CNN  -- When officers arrived at Ariel Castro 's home in Cleveland , a crowd had formed on the porch . But where was the woman they came for ? Where was Amanda Berry ? Then she stepped forward , holding a crying child . It was really her , the missing girl they had searched for for 10 years . It is Amanda Berry , Officer Michael Tracy said . "  Just the emotion at that point of my partner confirming that it was Amanda ... It was overwhelming , " Officer Anthony Espada recalled . Source : Michelle Knight was Cleveland suspect 's main ` punching bag ' Cleveland police this week released the emotional video interviews of officers Espada , Tracy and Barbara Johnson , who helped in the May 6 rescue of the three women from Castro 's home . The 11-minute video , which is posted on YouTube , provides the most graphic detail to date of the harrowing rescue . It 's also a rare behind-the-scenes glimpse at the raw emotions of officers involved in the ordeal . Once they had Berry , they wondered who else was in Castro 's home . Was the suspect in there ? They asked Amanda , as the child continued to wail . "  She says yes , Gina DeJesus and another girl , " Espada said . "  It was like another bombshell with overwhelming force hit me . We immediately started running toward the house . " When they entered the home , it almost seemed peaceful , Espada recalled . As if nobody else was there . Nobody was in the basement . Nobody was downstairs . How the abductions happened And then they heard the sound of scurrying feet upstairs . "  It was Michelle  Knight  . She kind of popped out into the doorway , " Espada said , his voice cracking with emotion . "  She came charging . She was like . ` You saved us . You saved us . ' And I am holding on to her so tight . And within a few seconds , I see another girl come out of the bedroom . " He immediately recognized the girl , Espada said , probably from missing posters that date to 2004 . But she looked thinner than he remembered . He asked the girl to say her name . She said her name was Georgina DeJesus , he recalled . "  It was very overwhelming , " Espada said . "  It took everything to hold myself together . " Inside Cleveland 's haunted house One of the women also jumped into Johnson 's arms , screaming at the female officer . "  She was saying ` please do n't let me go . Please do n't let me go , ' " Johnson said . "  I said , ` Honey do n't worry , I am not going to let you go . " Johnson said Espada stared at her with an unreadable expression . We found them , Espada said . "  I ca n't even explain the emotions we felt , " Johnson said . "  It was just unbelievable . It was surreal . The heaviness in the heart just lifted . " Castro , 52 , was arrested quickly after that . He is in jail on charges of kidnapping and rape , and is accused of snatching the three women between 2002 to 2004 , and holding them ever since . His attorney has said he plans to plead not guilty .	The first officers to arrive at the house speak about the emotional rescue "  It took everything to hold myself together , " one officer says Cleveland police release interview with the officers involved in the rescue
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Jurors in actress Nicollette Sheridan 's wrongful termination lawsuit against "  Desperate Housewives " creator Marc Cherry told the judge they were "  having difficulty reaching a verdict " Wednesday afternoon . The jury of nine women and three men began deliberations Wednesday on whether Cherry killed off Sheridan 's character in retaliation for the actress complaining that he hit her during a rehearsal for the ABC comedy . "  I 'm sensing some frustration and polarization , " said Sheridan lawyer Mark Baute , after the judge sent jurors home for the day with orders to try again Friday morning . "  It 's very early for a jury to come back and say , ` We 're having trouble deliberating , ' " Baute said . Sheridan is asking for $ 5.7 million in damages from ABC and Cherry , although the actress was paid $ 4 million in her last year of work and is still earning royalties from her vested interest in the hit series . Baute said he believed the "  majority of jurors are in Nicolette 's favor , but it requires nine to get to the finish line . " A verdict in the civil case requires the agreement of nine jurors . Jurors have two questions to answer , Baute told them in his closing arguments Wednesday . Did Cherry hit Sheridan on the head on September 24 , 2008 , or was it a "  light tap , " as the defense claims ? And , did Cherry get ABC 's approval to kill Sheridan 's character in May 2008 , as the defense claims , or was the decision made in December , after a human resources investigator cleared him in the slapping incident ? Baute called Cherry a "  really obvious liar " who was covering up the real reason he killed off Edie Britt , the sassy blonde character Sheridan played for the show 's first five seasons . He accused other ABC employees of conspiring to cover up evidence that it was a revenge firing in order to protect a show that has earned over $ 1 billion in eight seasons . Cherry and ABC claim they decided Britt would die in season five in May 2008 , four months before the incident in which Cherry allegedly struck Sheridan . Baute told jurors that there were "  no notes , no calendar , no documents , " supporting that claim , except for a writer assistant 's notes that he accused the defense of fabricating and backdating . Cherry and ABC executives testified they did not write e-mails because they wanted to keep the decision a secret . "  It 's not a ` Navy SEAL Team Six , how are we going to kill Osama bin Laden ? ' decision , " Baute told jurors , questioning the need for such secrecy . Defense lawyer Adam Levin , in his closing , said the plaintiffs were asking jurors to accept a "  complicated story of conspiracy , " while the reality is much simpler . "  Mr. Cherry wanted to kill Edie Britt for creative reasons , " to shock and surprise viewers and boost ratings , he said . " ` Desperate ' is claiming that 10 good citizens of California conspired to get their stories straight and then took the stand , looked you in the eyes and lied , " Levin said , noting that five of the 10 defense witnesses had "  no incentive to lie " since they are no longer associated with ABC or the show . Former ABC studio chief Mark Pedowitz , who now works for the rival CW network , testified that in May 2008 he approved Britt 's killing since the character "  had run its creative course , " he said . Former ABC network chief Steve McPherson , who no longer works in the entertainment industry , told jurors that he also approved the decision in May 2008 , Levin said . Levin also pointed to three former show writers who each testified of hearing the plan to kill off Britt in writer meetings in May and June 2008 . One former show writer called as a witness by Sheridan 's lawyer testified that she did not hear about the plan until later in the year , after the hitting incident . On Tuesday , the show 's set construction coordinator testified that he received an e-mail that suggested a "  conspiracy to cover up " information regarding Sheridan 's lawsuit . "  It was my understanding that they were going to delete e-mails from the hard drives , " Reinhart said about the e-mail he received in fall 2010 , soon after Sheridan filed her lawsuit . He read the e-mail and immediately deleted it because he believed it was not intended for him , he said . "  I honestly tried to put it out of my mind , " he said , until this past weekend as he realized the Los Angeles trial was nearing an end . The defense later called Jean Zoeller , ABC 's chief litigation lawyer , to testify that she sent memos to every employee connected to the case instructing them to save all their electronic documents . Asked if she asked anyone to delete e-mails , she said , "  Absolutely not . " The defense won one victory Tuesday when the judge issued a directed verdict dismissing Sheridan 's battery claim against Cherry . Sheridan 's lawyer downplayed the significance of that decision , saying the damages could have only been $ 1 and jury deliberations will be simplified without it . "  You hit me , I complained and you fired me for it , " Baute said , giving a thumbnail description of Sheridan 's case . The hit during a rehearsal was just "  a light tap on the head " intended to demonstrate "  a piece of physical humor " Cherry wanted Sheridan to perform , the defense said in opening statements . Sheridan testified that Cherry hit her because he was frustrated during a discussion over her lines in a scene . "  It was a nice wallop to my head , " she said . Five months and 11 episodes later , Cherry informed Sheridan that Britt would die during a show taping the next day , ending her five-year run on "  Desperate Housewives . " ABC Entertainment is a defendant in the lawsuit because its executives allegedly failed to properly investigate Sheridan 's accusation that Cherry hit her , and then agreed with his decision to fire her .	"  I 'm sensing some frustration and polarization " among jurors , Sheridan 's lawyer says The judge tells jurors to return Friday for more deliberations Jury deliberations began Wednesday afternoon Sheridan claims creator killed off her character in retaliation for allegations he hit her
Concentrations of greenhouse gases in the Earth 's atmosphere reached record highs in 2011 , according to new data published by the World Meteorological Organization  WMO  . The WMO 's annual Greenhouse Gas Bulletin , released Tuesday , reports that carbon dioxide rose to 390.9 parts per million  ppm  , up two ppm on 2010 levels . Carbon dioxide is the single most important greenhouse gas emitted by humans , says the WMO , and the increases recorded last year are in line with average rises seen each year over the last decade . Combined with average yearly rises of 1.5 ppm during the 1990s , the WMO says radiative forcing  the warming effect on our climate  by long-lived greenhouse gases has now increased 30 % since 1990 . "  These billions of tons of additional carbon dioxide in our atmosphere will remain there for centuries , causing our planet to warm further and impacting on all aspects of life on Earth , " WMO secretary general Michel Jarraud said in a statement . According to the WMO , about 375 billion tons of carbon has been released into the atmosphere since the industrial revolution began in 1750 , with around half this amount being absorbed by carbon sinks . But natural carbon storage facilities like oceans and forests "  will not necessarily continue in the future , " say the WMO . "  We 've already seen that the oceans are becoming more acidic as a result of the carbon dioxide uptake , with potential repercussions for the underwater food chain and coral reefs , " Jarraud said in a statement . The Swiss-based United Nations agency , which uses data from more than 50 countries to compile the report , also detailed rises in other greenhouse gases including methane and nitrous oxide . Around 60 % of methane released into the atmosphere comes from human activities such as farming , rice agriculture , fossil fuel exploitation , landfill and biomass burning , according to the WMO . In 2011 , concentrations reached a new high of 1813 parts per billion  ppb  , 259 % higher than pre-industrial levels . Watch : CNN special ` Secrets in the Ice ' Emissions of nitrous oxide -- 40 % of which are estimated to come from human activity -- reached 324.2 ppb , up one ppb on the 2010 figure and 120 % higher than pre-industrial times . Richard Allan , from the Department of Meteorology at the UK 's University of Reading , said the WMO 's latest data confirmed the trend in the rate of rise reported in recent decades . "  What it shows is n't surprising , but it obviously has very important implications for the future well-being of the planet , " Allan told CNN . Even if emission rises were halted now , the planet would continue to warm because of the time it takes for the climate system to return to equilibrium , he said . "  We are committed to the warming for a long time , even if we do take strong action against it now , " Allan said .	United Nations agency report says 2011 saw new high for levels of greenhouse gases in Earth 's atmosphere Levels of carbon dioxide now stand at 390.9 parts per million , up 2 ppm on previous year 375 billion tons of carbon dioxide released into atmosphere since 1750 , say WMO Natural carbon sinks are already showing signs of stress and can not be relied on in future
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When people think of coffee , words such as caffeine , aroma and energy may spring to mind . ` Good breath , ' however , certainly is n't one of them . Mel Rosenberg at work in his ` smell laboratory ' found that coffee can lead to good breath . So researchers at Tel Aviv University in Israel , were in for a surprise when their study into the relation between coffee and bad breath , showed that coffee can actually lead to good breath . Breath specialist Mel Rosenberg of the university 's Faculty of Medicine found that there are certain components in coffee that inhibit the bacteria that lead to bad breath -- preventing these bacteria from making their presence felt , or smelt . "  Everybody thinks that coffee causes bad breath , " Rosenberg told CNN "  and as a latte drinker , I believe that too . " But the malodor does n't necessarily come from the coffee itself , said Rosenberg : "  We think that coffee , which has a dehydrating effect on the mouth , can ferment into bad breath when mixed with substances such as milk . " This meant that until recently , coffee was up there with not eating a healthy breakfast , not drinking enough water and consuming alcohol as causes for unpleasant mouth odors . But until Rosenberg 's study , no one had ever scientifically shown the link between the consumption of coffee and bad breath . Rosenberg 's team wanted to prove just that . They did the research by taking saliva and incubating it with different brands of coffee including the Israeli brand Elite coffee , Landwer Turkish coffee , and Taster 's Choice . "  We thought this coffee and saliva mixture would have a terrible odor , but incredibly it had the opposite effect . " Rosenberg -- who also created popular mouthwash Dentyl pH -- is now thinking about creating a mouthwash , toothpaste , or chewing gum based on coffee . The effects could be similar to plant extracts such as clove oil , which have also been shown to have anti-bacterial properties that prevent bad breath . But first Rosenberg would have to find which of the hundreds of components in coffee are the ones that have these beneficial properties . "  That will take a long time " said Rosenberg . "  But this research has already been a lesson in humility , showing that assumptions are not always correct . " Rosenberg -- who also writes children 's books such as ` Mel the Smell Dragon ' -- told CNN . "  And sometimes , getting it wrong can create even more interesting outcomes . "	A new study surprised researchers when it found coffee can lead to good breath The study in Tel Aviv , Israel , was meant to prove coffee leads to bad breath The lead researcher is now thinking about creating a coffee-based mouthwash
Travel + Leisure  -- Try finding a hotel mystery shopper willing to dish on one of their stays . Ask them to reveal the dirt on the unkempt suite , the coquette of a concierge , or the wilted flower that sullied the room service tray . You ca n't . According to the Mystery Shopping Providers Association  MSPA  there are some 30,000 of them in the U.S. , hired by luxury hotel brands to check-in anonymously and judge mercilessly . But like a CIA agent or the rare hair stylist who 'll keep your secrets , gossip is not in the mystery shopper 's after-hours repertoire . Even if they do n't name names , everything they unearth is strictly confidential . Perhaps it 's to be expected in an industry where everyone , from the booking agent to the bellhop , is famously discreet . If loose lips sink ships , a too-revealing mystery shopper could certainly submerge an hotelier or two . Thankfully , Stephanie Perrone Goldstein , vice president of sales & marketing for the New York-based Coyle Hospitality  whose clients include Starwood Hotels and Resorts and Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group  , produced a nine-year veteran willing to answer a few questions . Travel + Leisure : Best hotels in New York City The catch : we would speak by phone , with Goldstein playing watchdog , and the mystery shopper would remain nameless and description-less -- more incognito than Brangelina on holiday . Even by phone , the woman radiated confidence . She 'd completed over 500 mystery shops in luxury hotels on four continents , and her voice came through the wires sternly , as if she 'd been in upper management a day too long . She works as an independent contractor  paid by the job  . What she looks for at each hotel varies from client to client -- some brands maintain a checklist of ten things to look for upon arrival , others more than 80 . "  I pack a measuring tape , because a few hotels want me to get down to the nitty-gritty , " she says . "  Is the radius of light emitted from the lamp exact ? Is the paint on the walls in a particular palette ? " 5 Tour de France alternatives Occasionally , she 'll check in as the most obnoxious breed of hotel guest : the road-weary whiner . "  I 'll call the front desk and say the room smells like smoke even when it does n't , just to see how they 'll respond , " she says . Fake-outs are staged and executed thoroughly ; she 'll go as far as to empty the batteries from the remote and grumble about the fritzy T.V. , or unhook the chain from the toilet to time how long it takes the staff to fix it . It 's an exacting art . After she checks out , her report is written up , fact-checked by Coyle , and delivered back to the client in a matter of weeks . Travel + Leisure It List : The best new hotels 2012 "  My goal , honestly , is to get hotels to provide the highest possible level of service , " she says . "  When I return to these properties personally -- and I do , if they 're great -- I get such satisfaction seeing that . " In the era of Yelp and TripAdvisor , when travelers can report anything at all to the Googling masses , trustworthy accounts are more important than ever to hoteliers . Coyle is n't alone in providing unbiased evaluations to luxury brands that clamor for it . 27 must-sees on earth Zachary Conen , senior vice president of sales and marketing at LRA Worldwide , a mystery shopping firm based in Pennsylvania , says they maintain a stable of 120 full time consultants who travel 42 weeks out of the year . They too are tight-lipped , but happy to tell you their standards , which alter depending on the client . Is there a seasonally appropriate fruit at the front desk ? Did you get a call from the concierge within thirty minutes of check-in ? Are the amenities Gilchrist & Soames and perfectly arranged ? Competition for the positions is fierce : you 're required to have three years of management experience in the hospitality industry , excellent written and interpersonal skills , and a credit line of up to $ 7,500 -- presumably for booking your travel , which is reimbursed in its entirety . Once you 're hired , there are other hurdles  namely , weeks of training at LRA University , learning the intricacies of each luxury brand .  The coursework is hush hush , of course , but it may be among the cushiest of educational experiences on the planet . One can picture these people lazing about in hotel robes , fawning over thread count quantities and proper lobby manner with equal zeal . Travel + Leisure : America 's best cities for singles The concept of sending in a ringer to report back is nothing new . Mystery shopping began in the 1930s with three men touring the country , staking out Woolworth 's and Kresge 's  now Kmart  department stores . It gained traction during the civil rights era , when the government hired black and white "  customers " to investigate the compliance , and the prolific lack thereof , to desegregation laws in restaurants and corner stores alike . Today it 's a $ 1.5 billion-a-year production , a large chunk of which is travel-based . "  In the late 1980s , Hilton was among the first luxury hotel brands to utilize the service , " says Mike Bare , co-owner and president of Bare International and one of the original founders of the MSPA . Three decades later , it 's common practice among hotel brands around the world .  Proof : LRA recently opened a satellite office in busy Singapore .  And soon enough , its taciturn nature may be over . "  You 'll see the secretive side of mystery shopping change ; it 's becoming a vestige of the past , " says Jeff Gurtman , a former executive at both Coyle and LRA and now vice president of brand strategy for Dana Communications , a hospitality marketing agency . The wealth of online reviews has reignited the idea that the customer 's feedback is not only important , but critical to success . Starwood recently announced that it 's allowing guest commentary , both good and bad , on its own websites ; and more and more guests are leaving feedback directly on Facebook . "  Hoteliers read online reviews thoroughly , " Gurtman says . "  If they notice a trend there that speaks to a problem , they have mystery shoppers to go in and test it with surgical precision . " Essentially , they 're hiring people to complain so you never have to . And in the thoughtfulness-driven economy of high-end hotels , that might be the most considerate act of all . Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	30,000 hotel mystery shoppers in the U.S. judge luxury brand service All past hospitality providers , the shoppers purposefully complain to improve service Trustworthy evaluations are important in the age of online customer reviews
CNN  -- Alicia Rhett , who had been one of the oldest surviving cast member of the classic film "  Gone With the Wind , " died Friday in her longtime hometown of Charleston , South Carolina , a retirement community spokeswoman said . Rhett passed away of natural causes around 5 p.m. surrounded by friends at Bishop Gadsden Episcopal Retirement Community , said Kimberly Farfone Borts , a spokeswoman for the community . She was 98 . Born in Savannah , Georgia , Rhett moved with her mother to Charleston after her father died during World War I , according to Borts . Her roots to the South trace back even deeper : According to her biography on the Turner Classic Movies website -- which , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner -- she was the great-granddaughter of U.S. Sen. Robert Rhett , known as the "  Father of Secession " for his staunch and vocal anti-Union positions . Rhett was doing local theater productions when she was spotted for a role in the 1939 classic "  Gone With the Wind , " a film based on Margaret Mitchell 's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel . She was cast as India Wilkes , sister of plantation owner Ashley Wilkes who was at odds with Scarlet O'Hara , played by Vivien Leigh . While the runaway success and continued notoriety of "  Gone With the Wind " made Rhett recognizable nationwide , she did not pursue the limelight . Instead of heading to Hollywood , Rhett went back to Charleston . In the coastal South Carolina city , she developed a reputation as a talented artist , producing works seen in the state library and in many plantations in the area , as well as sketches of her fellow "  Gone With the Wind " cast members , according to Borts . Rhett never married and had a relatively quiet life , though she was involved in local arts programs . People we lost in 2013	Alicia Rhett played India Wilkes in the 1939 classic "  Gone With the Wind " After the film , she headed back to Charleston and worked as an artist She died of natural causes at a retirement community , a spokesman says
CNN  -- Sean Sasser , whose relationship with the late Pedro Zamora on MTV 's "  The Real World : San Francisco " broke cultural barriers on U.S. television , has died , his longtime partner told CNN on Thursday . Sasser was 44 . Sasser , who had been HIV positive for 25 years , died Wednesday from mesothelioma , a rare form of lung cancer that was diagnosed just last month , Michael Kaplan said . He died in the Washington home he shared with Kaplan . Sasser was not one of the original cast members but became a household name as his relationship with Zamora was explored during the show 's third season in 1994 . The couple 's exchange of vows during a commitment ceremony , the first ever broadcast on U.S. television , became a landmark moment in TV history . The couple began dating during the taping of the series . Their relationship and Zamora 's battle with AIDS while living in "  The Real World " house with seven strangers became must-see-TV for teens and young adults , many of whom had never been exposed to a gay couple , much less someone living with HIV . Zamora , who had been diagnosed with AIDS at age 17 , was a well-known AIDS activist at the time he was cast on the show at age 21 . Sasser , who was also working as an activist and educator , also revealed on the show that he was HIV positive . During the taping of the series , Zamora 's health took a turn . "  This was n't a romantic death . It was n't a heroic death . It was horrible , and Sean could n't do anything except watch it happen , " fellow co-star Judd Winick told the online magazine POZ in 1997 . Winick chronicled his friendship with Zamora and Sasser in the graphic novel "  Pedro and Me : Friendship , Loss and What I Learned . " Zamora died on Nov. 11 , 1994 , with Sasser at his side just hours after the airing of the final episode of the season , which featured the two men exchanging their vows , according to MTV . Sasser continued his work as an AIDS activist and educator . Sasser recently moved from Portland , Oregon , to Washington when Kaplan took a job with AIDS United , a non-profit group . The couple had dated off and on for years since the 1990s , but moved in together about six years ago , Kaplan said . Sasser was a pastry chef at RIS , a Washington restaurant , but he was unable to work for the last five weeks , Kaplan said . His last week was spent in bed at home , his partner said . His illness evolved quickly , with the July diagnosis of stage 4 mesothelioma following a June blood test showing an abnormality , Kaplan said . News of Sasser 's death spread quickly across social media , with Winick posting a series of photos of Sasser and Zamora via Twitter . Actor and gay rights activist Wilson Cruz wrote on Twitter : "  My heart breaks . Another beacon of light in our community is darkened tonight with the passing of Sean Sasser . " "  It is because of Pedro and Sean that I made safe decisions about protection and partners in 1993 at just 15 . Thanks , " Yasemin Abdulraouf wrote in a post on Twitter . Another person , identified by the Twitter handle Hollis , wrote : "  U & Pedro showed true grace & dignity in the face of adversity . Hope u have found peace . " MTV wrote , simply : "  RIP to a member of the MTV family , groundbreaking Real World star + AIDS activist . " People we lost in 2013 CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	News of Sean Sasser 's death ripples across social media Sasser died from mesothelioma , a rare form of lung cancer , his partner says "  Real World San Francisco " highlighted Sasser 's relationship with Pedro Zamora He worked as a pastry chef at a Washington restaurant
InStyle.com  -- The holiday season is also the engagement season ! A gorgeous cushion-cut stunner by Daniel K. Yes , you read that right . It 's been said that nearly 40 percent of all marriage proposals occur between Thanksgiving and Valentine 's Day . If you 're one of the lucky ladies hoping for a ring this season  or one of the nervous gentlemen contemplating popping the question  , use this guide to popular diamond shapes and cuts -- and the stars who sport them -- to get acquainted with the dazzling world of engagement rings . Emerald No shape more aptly fits the diamond nickname "  ice " than the emerald , a rectangular cut with lean facets extending down the sides . This elegant art deco shape received its confusing name during the 1920s , when it was typically used for emeralds . Characterized by a flat top and step-shaped side facets , an emerald cut cries out for a clean setting . Star Power : Eva Longoria , Ellen Pompeo , Melania Knauss Asscher The Asschers of Amsterdam , gem cutters for the British royal family , designed this striking , dramatic shape in 1902 . A square with diagonally cropped corners and stepped sides , it features a high crown and sheds a gentle light . Star Power : Tameka Foster , Ashlee Simpson , Christine Costner Cushion A square with curved sides and rounded corners , this stone shines softly instead of sparkling . Cushion-cut center stones surrounded by tiny diamonds are especially in vogue . Star Power : Jeri Ryan , Courtney Ford , Guiliana DePandi Princess Think of this flirty , flashy option as the "  Yeah , baby ! " stone , and not only because it was dreamt up in London during the swinging sixties . The arrangement of the gem 's many  49 to 144  facets produces a hall-of-mirrors effect . Star Power : Stephanie March , Kara Janx , Sarah Michelle Gellar Oval Ovals have been enjoying a high profile since Tom Cruise placed a gorgeous one on Katie Holmes 's finger . The cool cousin of the round , the oval shares many of that stone 's features , with plenty of sparkle and versatility when it comes to settings . The long shape is especially flattering . Star Power : Bridgette Wilson , Toni Braxton , Rebecca Romijn Pear Made to sit with the point facing up , this lusciously feminine  and unusual  cut frequently goes solo because few wedding bands fit easily beneath the large underside of this stone . Star Power : Katherine Heigl , Lela Rochon , Tiffany Fallon Marquise The name for this cut comes from 18th-century Versailles , where courtiers wore ship-shaped rings as a sign of their rank . Today the marquise can be worn lengthwise or sailing sideways across the finger . Star Power : Catherine Zeta Jones , Victoria Beckham , Portia de Rossi Round Created by Marcel Tolkowsky in 1919 , the round diamond is the most popular shape for engagement rings . It 's often called the round brilliant because it has triangular facets , arranged to direct light from the bottom of the stone up through the top for maximum sparkle . Star Power : Katherine McPhee , Roselyn Sanchez , Mary J. Blige Radiant This rectangular stone , introduced in the seventies , lives up to its name : By combining long , lean , step-cut and triangular facets , it refracts lots of light . So if you decide on this shape , keep the setting simple . Star Power : Heidi Klum , Leslie Grossman , Anna Chlumsky Rose-Cut Most diamonds have a flat top with facets on the edges and bottom , but a rose-cut diamond is domed and covered with facets . Carat for carat , rose-cut diamonds , which cast a mellow , soft light , are typically less expensive than other shapes . Star Power : Melissa Akey Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Think of the flirty , flashy Princess cut as the "  Yeah , baby ! " stone The name for the Marquise cut comes from 18th-century Versailles A rose-cut diamond is domed and covered with facets The round diamond is the most popular shape for engagement rings
CNN  -- A building under construction in downtown Boston partially collapsed Thursday morning , sending two people to the hospital , the city 's fire department said . The incident happened about 8 a.m. at a construction site at 45 Stuart St. , the Boston Fire Department tweeted . The collapse occurred on the 12th floor of what 's slated to be a 33-story residential high-rise , causing damage from the 11th floor 's roof down to the fifth floor . First responders treated two people with injuries that were not life-threatening and then took them to nearby Tufts Medical Center . The fire department later explained that one of those had "  a serious head injury , " while the other had a minor injury . "  No others workers reported trapped at this time , " the fire department tweeted . According to a sign posted outside the site , near the city 's Chinatown district and around the corner from Boston Common , the building was slated to be completed in the middle of next year .	NEW : Fire department says 1 person suffers "  serious head injury " ; another has minor injury 33-story residential high-rise was under construction in downtown Boston The collapse affected the 12th through fifth floors
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- The atmosphere was tense in Cape Town on Friday after xenophobic violence that has left more than 40 dead in Johannesburg spread to South Africa 's largest city . Immigrants from Mozambique line up in Primrose , South Africa , to board buses back home . Clashes overnight resulted in one death and 15 arrests and the evacuations of 420 foreign nationals , a police official in Cape Town said . "  Crowds of people went on a rampage , looting and carrying out acts of violence , " said Cape Town Police Superintendent Billy Jones . They were charged with public violence and are to appear in court Monday . One foreign national , a Somali , died when he was run over by a vehicle as he tried to escape the angry crowds , Jones said . Twelve people suffered minor injuries . He said Friday was tense but calm , with state and local police stationed throughout the area . Jack Bloom of the opposition party Democratic Alliance told CNN on Friday that government troops were helping police ward off violence in Johannesburg . Aid workers and volunteers were providing tents , food and supplies at the police stations . Bloom estimated that about 2,000 foreigners had sought haven at those locations . It was the first violence in the coastal city since a wave of xenophobia began about two weeks ago in Johannesburg , resulting in at least 42 deaths . The foreign nationals were transported from the city after angry crowds formed at a public meeting seeking to calm tensions , Jones told CNN . They were being housed at community centers and churches . The attacks in South Africa have forced thousands of immigrants to flee , prompting neighboring Mozambique to declare a state of emergency on Friday . Desperate stories of those fleeing violence The country 's Foreign Minister Oldemiro Baloi said the decision was taken after about 10,000 Mozambicans fled from South Africa . CNN 's Robyn Curnow reported long lines of people -- including many from Zimbabwe and Mozambique -- waiting for buses in Johannesburg to take them home . Bloom , from Gauteng province , which includes Johannesburg , said the attacks on foreigners who fled to South Africa for a better life has become a "  humanitarian crisis . " South African President Thabo Mbeki has approved the deployment of the army to help stop the attacks , which have drawn condemnation from South African officials and other African leaders . About 28,000 people have been displaced by the violence , Hangwani Malaudzi , a spokesman for the Ministry of Safety and Security said . And more than 400 have been arrested for crimes ranging from murder , to causing a public disturbance , he said . The country has also seen a disturbing throwback to the 1980s apartheid-era lynching tactic of "  necklacing , " which was widely used in the townships at the time . Used on suspected informants , the "  necklace " is a car tire , filled with petrol , put around the person 's neck and set alight . The victims are mainly immigrants and refugees from other parts of Africa , including Zimbabwe , where a devastated economy has sent at least two million people across the border in search of a better life . Some say the attacks stem from a long-standing feeling among locals that the number of immigrants in South Africa results in shortages of jobs and essential needs . Inadequate housing , a lack of running water and electricity , the rising prices of food , and escalating crime -- nearly 20,000 people were slain in South Africa last year -- add to the resentment . Watch analysis of reasons behind xenophobic attacks " According to South Africa 's latest census , the country has about 45 million people . The South African Department of Human Affairs estimates that more than 4 million people reside in South Africa illegally , but that figure is based on a 10-year-old study and some feel the number of immigrants in South Africa is much higher . Some say that millions have recently fled to South Africa from Zimbabwe because of violence there since the county 's stalled election . A presidential run-off between long-time leader President Robert Mugabe and his opposition challenger , Morgan Tsvangirai , is scheduled for June 27 in Zimbabwe -- three months after the initial vote . Zimbabwe also is in the midst of an economic collapse , with nearly 80 percent unemployment .	Violence in Johannesburg spreads to Cape Town , resulting in one death Mozambique declares state of emergency to assist people fleeing S. Africa Attacks on foreigners in South Africa have left more than 40 people dead Police , military in first joint operation raid three hostels
CNNGo  -- "  Getting away from it all " may be a travel marketing clichÃ © , but the phrase might take on a whole new meaning come 2016 . Russian firm Orbital Technologies plans to open the first space hotel in history in five year 's time . The space hotel , or "  Commercial Space Station , " as it 's officially called , will float 250 miles above Earth . The hotel can accommodate a maximum of seven people at a time . To check in , tourists will have to undergo special training that can take up to three months , depending on the type of spacecraft they fly to the hotel . The firm says that stays can range from three days to six months . CNNGo : Flying train unveiled by Japanese scientists On-board recreation Spending your vacation in space will no doubt inspire travel stories like no other , but what 's there to do once you 're sealed in up there ? Not much , it turns out , apart from going online and watching TV . "  Most likely , there will be access to the Internet and other communications on the ground , " says Sergey Kostenko , CEO of Orbital Technologies , the company constructing the station . "  Menus will be chosen before the clients are launched , " Kostenko adds . "  Food is prepared on the ground and shipped to space , dehydrated . " No impulsive late-night snacking then . There will be no shower , but you can clean yourself with wet wipes . Fun ! You ca n't seek solace in alcohol either , because it 's banned on board . However , Kostenko says he hopes that the station can be a stopover for manned circumlunar flights , so trips to the far side of the moon and back may be a day-trip option . CNNGo : Boeing unveils new 747-8 passenger plane Space industry cash cow Orbital Technologies plans to use Russian Soyuz and Progress spacecrafts to transport passengers and workers to the "  great gig in the sky , " although it does not rule out using other manned spacecraft made in the United States , Europe and China . The firm is tight-lipped about how much it will cost to stay at the hotel , although the Russian government is hoping that the project can be a cash cow for its space exploration program . "  We consider the Commercial Space Station a very interesting project , encouraging private participation , " says Vitaly Davydov , Deputy Head of the Federal Space Agency of the Russian Federation . "  It will attract private investment for the Russian space industry . " Orbital Technologies will not confirm whether it has taken any reservations from customers yet , but says there are "  many interested parties . " CNNGo : Japan invites tourists -- but there may be no room at the inn for foreigners © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Russian firm Orbital Technologies plans to open the first space hotel The hotel , or "  Commercial Space Station , " will float 250 miles above Earth To check in , tourists will have to undergo special training that can take up to three months
Washington  CNN  -- A political standoff that spanned five decades and 10 presidents began to crumble Wednesday with President Barack Obama 's move to normalize relations with Cuba . The announcement was the product of a year of clandestine back-channelling between the U.S. and Cuba , facilitated by the Canadians and the Vatican and with personal involvement from the Pope . "  Today , America chooses to cut loose the shackles of the past , so as to reach for a better future for the Cuban people , for the American people , for our entire hemisphere and for the world , " Obama said in a statement announcing his decision . He added : "  It 's time for a new approach . " Obama said he 's instructed Secretary of State John Kerry to immediately begin discussions with Cuba to re-establish diplomatic relations , and that the U.S. will re-open an embassy in Havana . The administration will also allow some travel and trade that had been banned under a decades-long embargo instated during the Kennedy administration . "  Neither the American nor Cuban people are well-served by a rigid policy that 's rooted in events that took place before most of us were born , " Obama said . Obama 's move risks triggering another fight with Congress , which will come under the full control of Republicans in January . Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer he would do everything in his power to block any potential U.S. ambassador to Cuba even receive a vote . He also called the easing of economic restrictions "  inexplicable " in a statement . "  Appeasing the Castro brothers will only cause other tyrants from Caracas to Tehran to Pyongyang to see that they can take advantage of President Obama 's naiveté during his final two years in office . As a result , America will be less safe as a result of the President 's change in policy , " he said . Rubio promised that as the incoming chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee 's Western Hemisphere subcommittee , he 'll "  make every effort to block this dangerous and desperate attempt by the President to burnish his legacy at the Cuban people 's -LSB- sic -RSB- expense . " RELATED : Five reasons why the Cuba deal happened Speaking at the same time as Obama from his own country , Cuban President Raul Castro lauded the move . "  This expression by President Barack Obama deserves the respect and recognition by all the people and I want to thank and recognize support from the Vatican and especially from Pope Francis for the improvement of relations between Cuba and the United States , " he said . Obama 's announcement comes as both nations have released political prisoners in a show of goodwill , with American Alan Gross headed home on "  humanitarian " grounds from Cuba early Wednesday morning . In a separate swap , a U.S. intelligence source held for 20 years was released in exchange for three jailed Cuban spies . Obama said he and Castro spoke Tuesday in a phone call that lasted about an hour and reflected the first communication at the presidential level with Cuba since the Cuban revolution . But some Republicans are warning the move will only strengthen the Castro regime in Cuba , which has long been accused of human rights abuses and is listed by the State Department as a state sponsor of terrorism . Obama said Wednesday he has instructed Kerry , however , to review Cuba 's place on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list . Wednesday 's announcement that the U.S. will move toward restoring diplomatic ties with Cuba will also make it easier for Americans to travel to Cuba and do business with the Cuban people by extending general licenses , officials said . While the more liberal travel restrictions wo n't allow for tourism , they will permit greater American travel to the island . While only Congress can formally overturn the five decades-long embargo , the White House has some authorities to liberalize trade and travel to the island . And Obama said he plans to "  engage Congress in an honest and serious conversation " on lifting it . In an effort to boost the nascent Cuban private sector , the President will also allow expanded commercial sales and exports of goods and services to Cuba , particularly building materials for entrepreneurs and private residences , and allow greater business training , as well as permit greater communications hardware and services to go to the island . Other announced changes permit U.S. and Cuban banks to build relationships and travelers to use credit and debit cards . U.S. travelers will be allowed to import up to $ 400 worth of goods from Cuba , including $ 100 in alcohol and tobacco -- even Cuban cigars . Remittances by Americans to their families back in Cuba will also be increased to approximately $ 2,000 per quarter . Senior administration officials and Cuba observers have said recent reforms on the island and changing attitudes in the United States have created an opening for improved relations . U.S. and Cuban officials say Washington and Havana in recent months have increased official technical-level contacts on a variety of issues . RELATED : Five reasons why the Cuba deal happened Both Obama and Castro in their Wednesday remarks acknowledged the nations ' differences remain . "  I do not expect the changes I am announcing today to bring about a transformation of Cuban society overnight , " Obama said . But he argued that "  through a policy of engagement , we can more effectively stand up for our values , and help the Cuban people help themselves as they move into the 21st century . " Castro said that even as the two nations "  recognize having profound differences -- especially in national sovereignty , democracy , human rights and foreign relations policies -- we reaffirm our willingness to dialogue in all of these area . " To that end , Cuba has agreed to release 53 political prisoners from a list of names provided by the United States . At least one of the prisoners has already been released . Havana has also agreed to permit significant access by its citizens to the Internet and allow the International Committee of the Red Cross and United Nations human rights officials back on the island for the first time in years . Talks between the U.S. and Cuba have been ongoing since June of 2013 and were facilitated by the Canadians and the Vatican in brokering the deal . Pope Francis -- the first pope from Latin America -- encouraged Obama in a letter and in their meeting this year to renew talks with Cuba on pursuing a closer relationship . Gross ' release was seen as one of the first clear benefits of those talks . Sen. Jeff Flake , R-Ariz. , and Rep. Chris Van Hollen , Gross ' Maryland congressman , left Washington at 4 a.m. Wednesday for Cuba , and returned with Gross and his wife , Judy , according to government officials . Gross , speaking at a press conference Wednesday , said he 's "  very happy " with Obama 's moves , and heaped praise on the people of Cuba , "  or at least most of them . " "  It pains me to see them treated so unjustly as a consequence of two governments ' mutually belligerent policies , " he said . "  Five-and-a-half decades of history shows us that such belligerence inhibits better judgment . Two wrongs do n't make a right . " Gross was arrested after traveling under a program under the U.S. Agency for International Development to deliver satellite phones and other communications equipment to the island 's small Jewish population . Cuban officials charged he was trying to foment a "  Cuban Spring . " In 2011 , he was convicted and sentenced to 15 years in prison for attempting to set up an Internet network for Cuban dissidents "  to promote destabilizing activities and subvert constitutional order . " Gross ' lawyer , Scott Gilbert , told CNN last month the years of confinement have taken their toll on his client . Gross has lost more than 100 pounds and is losing his teeth . His hips are so weak that he can barely walk and he has lost vision in one eye . He has also undertaken hunger strikes and threatened to take his own life . With Gross ' health in decline , a bipartisan group of 66 senators wrote Obama a letter in November 2013 urging him to "  act expeditiously to take whatever steps are in the national interest to obtain -LSB- Gross 's -RSB- release . " The three Cubans released as a part of the deal belonged the so-called Cuban Five , a quintet of Cuban intelligence officers convicted in 2001 for espionage . They were part of what was called the Wasp Network , which collected intelligence on prominent Cuban-American exile leaders and U.S. military bases . The leader of the five , Gerardo Hernandez , was linked to the February 1996 downing of the two civilian planes operated by the U.S.-based dissident group Brothers to the Rescue , in which four men died . He is serving a two life sentences . Luis Medina , also known as Ramon Labanino ; and Antonio Guerrero have just a few years left on their sentences . The remaining two -- Rene Gonzalez and Fernando Gonzalez -- were released after serving most of their 15-year sentences and have already returned to Cuba , where they were hailed as heroes . CNN 's Eric Bradner contributed to this report	President Barack Obama announced on Wednesday plans to normalize diplomatic relations with Cuba The move will ease economic and travel restrictions with the island nation Cuban President Raul Castro hailed the move
CNN  -- Imagine a future passenger experience . One that considers both consumer needs and trends in society . One that draws from the next generation of technologies that are changing the flying game . One in which the flying experience reflects air transport 's environmental responsibility and thus looks for inspiration from nature . This is what Airbus designers are busy imagining with the Airbus Concept Cabin : A holistic , future-oriented approach inspired by nature . I discussed this in a TED talk I delivered at TEDGlobal this past June . The approach is presented in our award-winning "  Flying Green Experience " showcase in Hamburg and the amazing Autodesk gallery in San Francisco . These demos offer a platform for discussion and the growth of fresh ideas -- ideas about eco-efficiency combined with eco-effectiveness , and aimed at making sustainability not just another buzzword but something that makes future cabin innovations worth doing . When looking at future trends in society , we see a couple of core developments shaping the kinds of passengers that will fly and what they will expect . For instance , women are projected to account for more than 70 % of higher-educated students in the UK and for an average of 59 % across the nations of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development  OECD  by 2025 . More women business travelers will mean more of a desire for privacy in a very dense area like an aircraft cabin . The graying members of society will have their own requirements : better accessibility to services on board during flights and less stress during boarding and deboarding . The list goes on : Tall passengers would like more seat pitch , and obese passengers simply need more seat width to enjoy their flight . Of course , we already have female travelers , old and obese people on board . But in the future passenger landscape , how well their travel needs can be accommodated will have a decisive impact on how they choose to spend their vacation and which vehicle they use to get there . Their growing awareness of the human impact on the environment will cause them to take responsibility for how they travel . And there could be a time when some are asked to pay a fee for greenhouse gas emissions . Passengers may ultimately select airlines based on their environmental profile , not only by the ticket price . As we envisioned our future air transportation we needed to consider how technology could help us to combine both passenger comfort and operational efficiency . We consulted technology experts , futurists and also experts from other industries for their insights , while staying close to our philosophy : "  inspired by nature . " For starters , weight reduction is of course key in the aviation industry , and plays a role in improving the environmental profile of the aircraft . It 's not enough to build the plane with biodegradable eco-materials if they do n't reduce its weight . But airframe structures are already very efficient in terms of weight and structural performance . How to improve this further , then ? One way would be to remove all windows and replace them with "  digital windows " or simply displays . But we wanted to look for other weight-reducing solutions that enhanced the passenger experience . Thus we came along with structures that are inspired by such things as bird bones , trees and plants . A concrete example : Slime mold -- a single-celled organism that lives in soil and can spread rapidly -- creates very efficient redundant structures . This behavior can be transformed in mathematical equations which are implemented into software . Using it , we "  create " structures that are very light and stable at the same time . Another example of inspiration for strong , light structure is the water lily "  Victoria Regia " which creates very large leaves that float like pie plates on the water , stable enough for kids to sit on . Nature is full of similar examples and therefore it is in our interest to preserve its natural diversity . We understand nature as an open space from which to get fresh ideas . We came up with a portfolio of technologies that would help us turn the ideas into something usable and eco-friendly . It included direct manufacturing , fiber optics for data transmission and the idea of transparent Glass Fiber Reinforced Polymer  GFPR  as a strong and unorthodox material for the aircraft 's outer shell . We were trying to determine how different technologies might evolve in context to others -- important , because only if you understand certain technologies and their huge potential are you able to pick the appropriate ones . Then we used this portfolio of technologies in the context of passenger needs to rethink the traditional class system in the aircraft . Our concept plane has three different zones . First we put our focus on the entrance area with wide central doors , "  active surfaces " and shape-changing materials . This helped us to create a space which is entirely customizable and transformable during the flight . As a passenger you wo n't need to stay in the galley during the flight anymore , when you wish to stand for a while . You will meet other passenger in this "  interaction zone " to share your thoughts , play digital sports or just have a drink together . For the airliner , or customers , new business opportunities come along with this . The interaction zone divides the cabin into two other sections : the "  smart tech zone " and the "  vitalizing zone . " The smart tech zone , which is located in the aft fuselage , is focused on business travelers and people who like to use the latest technologies . It could also feature seating options -- seats that change shape , have increased pitch and even rows that fold up when they 're empty . The vitalizing zone is the big highlight of the concept cabin . It responds to passengers ' behavior by tracking their well-being through sensors that can recognize gestures and could perhaps even determine when a passenger is , for example , dehydrated . It could also afford an impressive 360-degree outside view through translucent ceiling and walls . As a consequence we had to relocate the cockpit to the cargo bay . Yes , in the future we consider that pilots are still important . You might think that these guys just produced some inspiring pictures of cool , nature-inspired aircraft and futuristic , high-tech interiors . Or maybe you find our concept cabin disturbing and you never would believe that this might even become reality from the technical perspective . Or maybe you only would be afraid to imagine sitting as a passenger under a transparent roof while flying at an altitude of 30,000 feet . But the core objective is not to consider whether this imagined future is the only way to go , but to paint a picture of the future -- based on scientific trends and technology research -- so that we can understand the core driving forces for air travel and point towards potential solutions . You need a picture to make that potential future tangible . You need a story about the future -- with images to go along with it -- to help extend the imagination . It 's how you turn critical reflection on how to use the technology into a vision of aviation that pushes the boundaries even further . See-through cabins and passenger pods : Is this the future of flight ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bastian Schaefer . Watch BackStory 2200-2230 GMT weekdays . For the latest from BackStory click here .	Bastian Schaefer : Future flying experience will be consumer-centered , eco-friendly He says Airbus envisions a holistic approach , with a rethinking of airplane interiors Ideas for materials can come from structure of water lilies , slime molds , bird bones Schaefer : You need an illustrated story of the future to help extend the imagination
CNN  -- Upon arrival at Kotoka International airport in Ghana 's capital city Accra , you are immediately greeted by a sign that says "  Akwaaba , " which means "  Welcome " -- and this is exactly how you will feel when visiting this beautiful West African country . A success story of African development , democracy and stability , Ghana is a nation made up of people that are as warm as its climate . Rich in history , culture and natural beauty , it 's the perfect introduction to Africa if you are a first-time traveler to the continent , or a great alternative for those who have exhausted the Safari circuit , and crave a different African experience . There is something for everyone in Ghana , ranging from nature trails and UNESCO World Heritage sites to bustling markets , tranquil beaches and vibrant nightlife . Wildlife There are 15 national parks and reserves across the country . A must see is Kakum National Park , in the central region . The area is covered with stunning tropical rainforest and rare animals , and a long series of hanging bridges known as the Canopy Walkway . Not for the faint hearted , the walkway is located at the forest canopy level , and is secured by a series of nets and wires for safety . The walkway provides tourists with a spectacular vantage point of the beautiful surroundings . Another great place to visit is Ghana 's largest wildlife refuge , Mole National Park . The park is located in northwest Ghana , and the park 's entrance is reached through the nearby town of Larabanga . It is home to over 93 mammal species , with large mammals including elephants , hippos , buffalo , and warthogs . The park is considered a primary African preserve for numerous antelope species ; olive baboons , black-and-white colobus monkeys and the green vervet are among the monkey species resident there . Slender-snouted and dwarf crocodiles are among the 33 known species of reptiles that call this breathtaking park home . Read more : 26 of the most stunning spots in Africa Heritage The country became a major economic hub with the emergence of the slave trade , and several slave castles erected by the Europeans in 15th century remain standing . Built by the Portuguese in 1482 , Elmina Castle is the oldest remaining slave castle in Africa . It is also a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and it has become a pilgrimage site , drawing thousands of visitors from around the world -- in particular African-Americans and Caribbean people seeking to connect with their heritage . The town of Elmina surrounding the castle is a vibrant , robust fishing community with an incredible amount of energy and color . Accra If you do n't want to venture far from the capital , there is a lot to do right in Accra . For beach bums , Labadi beach is perfect for soaking up the African sun , and being entertained while you do it . Drumming , cultural dancing and music can all be seen and heard on holidays and during the weekend . Tourists can also visit local cultural attractions such as Kwame Nkrumah Memorial Park , W.E.B Dubois Center or head to the Arts Center , where a multitude of stalls sell crafts from all around the country . After a day of relaxing at the beach or visiting the cultural sites , visitors can head to the upscale area of Osu , in central Accra , to sample the nightlife . Locally referred to as the "  West End , " Osu boasts an impressive number of local and international restaurants offering a range of cuisines . There are also several options for club hoppers and lounge goers . One of the latest additions to nightlife in Accra is Republic Bar and Grill . With indoor and outdoor seating the bar has a retro vibe , and celebrates Ghanaian food , music , culture and art . Republic has a wonderful list of drinks , ranging from cold local beers , to exotic cocktails and herbal teas made with fresh ingredients . The bar also serves a wonderful menu of finger foods including fried yam/cassava , kelewele  fried plantain seasoned with delicious spices  and chicken wings seasoned with local spices . Read also : What Ghana can teach the rest of Africa about democracy Kumasi If Accra whets your city-touring appetite to then a trip to Kumasi is highly recommended . The five-hour bus ride from Accra is a great way to see more of the country , and the VIP coaches are cheap and comfortable , showing local movies to entertain you . There is plenty to do upon arrival to Ghana 's second-biggest city . Kumasi is home to the bustling Kejetia Market , which has more than 10,000 stores and stalls , and is said to be the biggest in West Africa . Visitors can buy a wide variety of items such as hand-crafted wooden sculptures and masks , paintings , native fabric , spices , handmade jewelry and much more . Kumasi is also home to the National Cultural Centre , the Menhya Palace and Lake Bosumtri . The lake is the only natural lake in Ghana and the area is peaceful and tranquil . Like Accra , Kumasi also has a vibrant nightlife with restaurants and entertainment to suit all tastes . When it comes to accomodation , Ghana offers everything from homestays to five-star accommodation . Major international chains include Golden Tulip , Novotel , Best Western and Movenpic . The Marriot , Sheraton and Hilton Hotels are set to open later in 2013 .	Ghana is a country rich in history , culture and natural beauty Mole National Park is home to more than 93 species of mammal Elmina Castle is the oldest remaining slave castle in Africa Osu , in Accra , offers visitors a vibrant nightlife
Pro-Russian rebels released dozens of captive Ukrainian troops Sunday as part of a ceasefire deal . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said in a Twitter post that 73 troops were released in Donetsk . But despite the ceasefire , violence continued to flare in the volatile region . As shelling rocked the city throughout the day Sunday , local officials described the situation as "  critical . " Six civilians died and 15 were injured as the result of shelling , Donetsk 's city office said on Monday . Poroshenko spoke with German Chancellor Angela Merkel over concerns that the ceasefire deal -- brokered earlier this month -- is being violated . They "  agreed to make further efforts to settle the situation peacefully , " Poroshenko 's office said in a statement . In an interview with TV Tsentr pm Saturday , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said the truce agreed upon in Minsk , Belarus , appeared to be holding generally and that Moscow , at least , is ready to work toward a long-term peace . "  Sporadic exchanges of fire occur on both sides , but the process of establishing  a  durable peace is still in progress , " he said , according to parts of that interview published by the state-run Itar-Tass news agency . Which Russian companies have been hit ?	Shelling kills 6 civilians in Donetsk , city officials say 73 Ukrainian troops are released by pro-Russian rebels in Donetsk President Petro Poroshenko talks about ceasefire violations with German leader As shelling continues , officials in Donetsk describe the situation as "  critical "
CNN  -- The Metro-North train that derailed Sunday , killing four people and injuring dozens of others , was equipped with safety mechanisms that would have sounded a warning before slowing down the train if the engineer became unresponsive , a Metropolitan Transportation Authority spokesman said Thursday . It 's unclear , however , if those mechanisms were activated before the crash . The train engineer , William Rockefeller Jr. , apparently "  was nodding off and caught himself too late " before the accident , a union representative told CNN . His lawyer said the engineer 's schedule had been switched in November from a mid-afternoon start time to a predawn start . At the time of the accident , the train was in "  push mode , " meaning that the locomotive was in the rear of the train pushing it along the tracks , with Rockefeller in a cabin at the front operating it remotely . His cabin was equipped with a "  dead man pedal " that required constant downward pressure with the foot to keep the train moving , MTA spokesman Aaron Donovan told CNN on Thursday . "  Should you lose consciousness or die and the foot is taken off , a whistle sounds and the train begins to slow immediately to a stop , " Donovan said . "  It 's a pressure you have to keep -- your foot actively engaged . " The newer model locomotive in the rear , however , was equipped with a more sophisticated "  alerter " system which sounds a tone every 25 seconds , requiring the engineer to respond with a tap within 15 seconds while the train is in steady motion , Donovan said . "  This train had one system in front and one in rear -- with the same goal of ensuring that engineers are alert , " said Donovan . But it is unclear if the "  dead man pedal " mechanism was activated when Rockefeller allegedly nodded off at the controls . "  That is unknown , " Donovan said . The National Transportation Safety Board has not commented on those mechanisms but has said the signal and braking systems appeared to be functioning . Two passengers on the Metro-North train , meanwhile , have filed a notice of claim against the commuter railroad , an initial step in a lawsuit seeking damages in connection with the accident . Four people died and 67 others were injured in the crash Sunday . Denise Williams is a retired Army colonel and dentist who was on her way to a convention at the time of the crash . She suffered spine , collarbone and rib fractures after she was pinned inside an overturned car for about an hour , according to her attorney Michael Lamonsoff . Negligence accusations Lamonsoff said Wednesday the suit on behalf of Williams will accuse the commuter railroad of negligence . He said state law requires that negligence claims be filed against the railroad , not the train engineer who allegedly nodded off as the train was speeding into a sharp curve . MTA does n't comment on pending litigation , according to spokeswoman Marjorie Anders . "  While she was ... pinned down , there was a guy that , a chef who has cerebral palsy , he sat with her and prayed with her because they did n't know if she would live or die , and she was praying to live , " Lamonsoff said . "  Bottom line is the guy was going 82 mph in a 30 mph zone , " Lamonsoff said . He added that the railroad has been slow to implement what is known as positive train control technology , which combines GPS , wireless radio and computers to monitor trains and stop them from colliding or derailing . In 2008 , Congress ordered rail lines to adopt the technology by December 2015 . "  We have GPS on cars , they should have GPS on the trains , " he said . "  They have been stonewalling . They have until 2015 , they have asked for extensions , they have n't started any upgrades . " Edward Russell was among those seriously injured in Sunday 's crash . He will ask for punitive damages in the amount of $ 10 million , according to his notice of claim , which cites "  loss of earnings , " "  inability to work " and "  post traumatic stress " as part of the damage sustained from his injuries . Russell 's attorney , Robert Vilensky , expressed concerns about the infamous sharp curve in the tracks at Spuyten Duyvil . "  It seems like there have been several incidents in the area , I believe there were four in the past year . There 's something that seems to be amiss ... whether they 're not doing enough to ensure safety ,  or  not paying enough attention to it , " Vilensky said . Russell 's claim accuses the MTA , Metro-North , the City and State of New York of being negligent "  in allowing the train to run at a place where there is a sharp curve in the terrain ,  and  in failing to change the design of the tracks when another incident had occurred similar to the incident herein several months previously , " among other things . MTA spokesman Salvatore Arena said the agency began work to install positive train control technology on the Long Island Rail Road and Metro-North Railroad in 2009 , budgeting nearly $ 600 million for its installation , including $ 428 million last month for a system integrator . The cost for full implementation is estimated at $ 900 million . Arena said implementing it by the 2015 deadline will be difficult because much of the technology is still under development , untested and unproven on commuter railroads the size of Metro-North and LIRR . National Transportation Safety Board member Earl Weener said Tuesday it 's possible that positive train control could have prevented a derailment involving a high-speed train , like the one involved in the Metro-North accident . Train union kicked out of crash investigation The NTSB , meanwhile , has booted the rail union from its investigation into the derailment for violating confidentiality rules . The agency made the announcement late Tuesday night , hours after a union representative told CNN the train engineer apparently "  was nodding off and caught himself too late " before the accident . In its announcement , the NTSB specifically cited those comments as the violation . Anthony Bottalico , the union representative , told CNN that Rockefeller recognizes his responsibility in the incident . "  I think most people are leaning towards human error , " Bottalico said . Rockefeller 's lawyer , Jeffrey Chartier , characterized what happened as "  highway hypnosis . " He said his client had had a full night 's sleep before the crash and had no disciplinary record . On Wednesday , Chartier said his client never blamed the accident on faulty brakes , disputing earlier statements attributed to Rockefeller . Living through a train wreck CNN 's Felicia Schwartz , Kristina Sgueglia , Allison Malloy , Mike Ahlers and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Metro-North train had safety systems designed to stop it in an emergency A retired Army colonel is one of the passengers who 've filed a notice A lawyer for the engineer describes what happened as "  highway hypnosis " "  I think most people are leaning towards human error , " union representative says
CNN  -- The second of two new research probes successfully entered the moon 's orbit Sunday afternoon , a day after its companion , NASA announced . The unmanned Gravity Recovery and Interior Laboratory-B  GRAIL-B  fired its main engines at 5:05 p.m. and slipped into lunar orbit 39 minutes later , controllers at the space agency 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory reported . Its companion GRAIL-A probe arrived on Saturday . "  Cheers in JPL mission control as everything is looking good for #GRAIL - B , " the Pasadena , California , laboratory announced on its Twitter page . "  It 's going to be a great 2012 ! " NASA says the twin orbiters will study the moon "  in unprecedented detail " from a near pole-to-pole orbit about 34 miles  55 km  high . For an expected 82 days , their instruments will chart the lunar gravitational field , giving scientists a peek into what goes on beneath the surface -- and possibly an insight into how the Earth and its neighbors formed . Both probes were launched aboard a single rocket from Florida 's Cape Canaveral on September 10 . The Apollo manned missions of the 1960s and 1970s took only three days to cross the 250,000-mile distance from Earth to the moon . But the GRAIL probes took more than three months and covered more than 2.5 million miles "  reshaping and merging their orbits " so that they could be better positioned and coordinated to study the moon , NASA said . Maria Zuber , principal investigator for GRAIL , said the moon remains mysterious in many ways . Scientists theorize that the moon formed when a Mars-sized object crashed into Earth , but it remains unknown why the near side of the moon is so different from the far side . The basins are flooded with volcanic material on one side , and the other side has mountainous highlands . "  We think the answer is locked in the interior , " Zuber said at a NASA news briefing Wednesday .	NASA 's GRAIL-B space probe slipped into lunar orbit Sunday afternoon Its companion probe arrived Saturday after a nearly four-month voyage
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Los Angeles district attorney will decide if Lindsay Lohan will be charged with stealing a necklace from a jewelry store last week , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor said . "  They presented the evidence about mid-day , " spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons said Wednesday afternoon . "  We have the case under review . No decision will be made today . I ca n't say when it might be made . " A "  one of a kind necklace " reported stolen last week was given to Los Angeles police just before detectives were to search for it in Lohan 's Venice , California , home , Los Angeles police said earlier Wednesday . The necklace , valued at $ 2,500 , was taken from a jewelry store in the Venice area , a statement from the Los Angeles Police Department said . "  As part of the grand theft investigation , detectives with the Los Angeles Police Department 's Pacific area obtained a search warrant on February 1 , 2011 , for actress Lindsay Lohan 's Venice residence , to search for the necklace , " the statement said . Her lawyer , Shawn Chapman Holly , did not offer a response to the police or the prosecutor 's statements . Lohan , 24 , is currently on supervised probation for a drunk driving conviction . The judge overseeing her case told her in October that he would send her to jail for 180 days if she violated her probation rules before her next court appearance set for February 25 . She left the Betty Ford clinic a month ago after three months in a drug rehabilitation program . The rehab stint convinced the judge not to send Lohan to jail for failing a drug test . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	NEW : Necklace theft evidence goes to the district attorney Detectives got a warrant to search Lohan 's home for the missing necklace The $ 2,500 piece of jewelry was given to police just before the search Lohan 's lawyer has not responded to the police statement
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Berlin Wall came down 20 years ago and in that time the world game has opened its arms to a tidal wave of talent from behind the former Iron Curtain . Czech Republic midfielder Pavel Nedved has spent almost 15 years at the top of European football . Here , Football Fanzone picks the 11 finest footballers to emerge from the old Eastern Bloc since 1989 . Let us know what you think of our selection in the Sound Off box below . 1 Pavel Nedved  Czech Republic Nedved , who has announced his retirement at the end of the season , has become Mr. Czech Republic in the eyes of football fans of the last 20 years . And this is for a country not short on talented players -- Vladimir Smicer , Karel Poborsky , Jan Koller and Tomas Rosicky to name but four . His breakthrough came at Euro 96 , after which he signed for Lazio ; four years later he was nothing short of inspirational for the Czechs at Euro 2000 . When Zinedine Zidane left Juventus for Real Madrid in 2001 , the Old Lady paid a staggering $ 54M for Nedved . It proved to be an inspired move : The midfielder , with his flowing hair , thunderbolt shot and all-action style , proved an able replacement . Now 36 , he is one of Europe 's finest players of the last 20 years . 2 Gheorghe Hagi  Romania Romania 's most famous footballer , Hagi was known as the "  Maradona of the Carpathians " during a 16-year international career . Blessed with a left foot from the gods , the audacious midfielder could dance past opponents at will and he would shoot from anywhere -- witness his goal at World Cup 1994 against Colombia , a swirling , dipping strike from 40 yards . At club level , Hagi played for both Real Madrid and Barcelona and is still idolized in Turkey for his achievements with Galatasaray from 1996 until his retirement in 2001 . Hagi , who was a member of Pele 's 125 top living footballers , holds the record for most goals for his country . 3 Andriy Shevchenko  Ukraine Shevchenko might now be considered one of the game 's great goal scorers , but things might have been very different had he not been evacuated with his family in the aftermath of the Chernobyl disaster of 1986 . After starring for Dynamo Kiev alongside Sergiy Rebrov -- and scoring a hat-trick in the Nou Camp against Barcelona in the Champions League -- Shevchenko earned a move to AC Milan in 1999 . At the San Siro , Shevchenko scored at will , so it was a big surprise that he flopped so badly after an eye-watering $ 43M move to Chelsea in 2006 . A return to Milan has not revived his career , but 127 goals in 208 games from 1999-06 ensures his legacy is intact . Have we missed one of your favorites out ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . 4 Matthias Sammer  Germany Elegance personified , Sammer 's career high point came at 1996 in a Germany side that would go on to lift the European Championship trophy . Sammer could play in midfield or as a "  libero " and it was in the latter role that he underscored just how good he was . Time after time , Sammer brought the ball out of defense , echoing Franz Beckenbauer 's peerless ability to start attacks from the back . He was named European Footballer of the Year in 1996 . One of the first notable East German players to join a Western club after German reunification , Sammer signed for Stuttgart from Dynamo Dresden in 1990 . He went on to play for Inter Milan before returning to help Borussia Dortmund win the 1997 Champions League . 5 Hristo Stoichkov  Bulgaria Stoichkov was an explosive left-sided attacker and remains the finest player to emerge from Bulgaria , Berbatov included . "  The Raging Bull " was not just explosive for his speed off the mark and trademark free-kicks ; he also had a short fuse and wore his heart on his sleeve . While playing for Barcelona , he was given a two-month ban for stomping on a referee 's foot , and his rows with coaches , including Johan Cruyff , were legendary . But these only added to his reputation as a fan 's favorite at the nine clubs he played for in a 21-year career . His six goals at the 1994 World Cup gave him a share of the golden boot , and the European Footballer of the Year accolade followed later that year . 6 Michael Ballack  Germany No one swans around the pitch better than Ballack , who , at 32 , is still Germany 's star player . Having impressed at Bayer Leverkusen during their brilliant but ultimately fruitless 2001-02 season , Bayern Munich swooped . By that time , Ballack had become the key man for the national side for his ability to control play from the middle of the park and score goals . He did the same for Bayern until 2006 when Chelsea signed him on a free transfer . Ballack has never replicated his international form in West London , but he has been confirmed as Germany captain for the 2010 World Cup . 7 Petr Cech  Czech Republic In Cech , the Czech Republic can lay claim to the world 's best goalkeeper . Tall and commanding yet alert and agile , his glaring mistake at last summer 's European Championships , which resulted in Turkey 's progressing at the Czechs ' expense , was a rare blip in his short trophy-laden career . Rennes spotted him playing for Sparta Prague while he was still a teenager in 2002 and two years later moneybags Chelsea spent $ 10M on him -- a fee that now looks like a bargain . After helping Chelsea to back-to-back Premier League titles , Cech fractured his skull in 2006 , but he has returned -- headgear and all -- just as good . Only 26 , his best years are ahead of him . 8 Dimitar Berbatov  Bulgaria Berbatov was always one of Europe 's semi-hidden gems while he was plying his trade for Bayer Leverkusen . After scoring a goal every other game for CSKA Sofia in his homeland , Berbatov made the move to Germany until Tottenham Hotspur signed him in 2006 . His touch , vision , movement , skill , strength and goal scoring prowess made it seem likely he would move on to a more successful club . And so it proved when Manchester United paid $ 44M in 2008 . The languid Berbatov has yet to set Old Trafford alight but 41 goals in 67 appearances for Bulgaria speaks volumes for his class . 9 Alexander Hleb  Belarus Is there a more delicate player in world football ? Such a wonderful talent , but one capable of driving fans and doubtless teammates to distraction at times . Hleb 's assets are also his weaknesses -- a deft touch , two feet , dribbling ability , an elusive style and a keen eye for a pass , especially the killer one . But on an off day , he can be frustratingly ineffective . Given he is now at Barcelona , though , it 's fair to say the Belarusian forward has talent . He showed it plenty of times for Arsenal , although he did n't find the net as often as he should have . Tall and wiry , Hleb came to the fore as Stuttgart 's creative force before the Gunners paid $ 15M for him in 2005 . 10 Andrey Arshavin  Russia Like Berbatov , Arshavin has been a late bloomer . Arshavin was little known outside Russia in his early days but he shot to prominence in 2007-08 , when he was the inspiration behind Zenit St Petersburg 's UEFA Cup triumph . Arshavin then demonstrated his wonderful dribbling and playmaking abilities at Euro 2008 for a Russian side beaten only by eventual winners Spain . The pint-sized Arshavin had been linked with moves to Europe 's biggest clubs for a while but it was Arsenal who made the deal happen -- after much wrangling -- in 2009 . 11 Adrian Mutu  Romania Unfortunately for Mutu , his career will forever be tarnished by his dismissal by Chelsea for testing positive for cocaine in 2004 and his subsequent ban from the game . Up to that point , he was a star on the ascent . Prolific for Dinamo Bucharest , Mutu was snapped up by Internazionale in 2000 , but it took moves to Verona and then Parma for him to begin to shine . Skillful and tricky , Mutu 's move to Chelsea in 2003 looked like a perfect move for both parties and after a difficult first season the striker was beginning to justify his $ 21.5 M fee . Then came the failed drug test . Subsequent moves to Juventus and Fiorentina , where he has scored freely , have helped his career recover .	All 11 players come from former Eastern Bloc countries from the last 20 years The list contains mostly attacking players , with just one defender and keeper Let us know what you think by posting a comment in the Sound Off box
CNN  -- The highly anticipated update to the classic 1980s series "  Sweet Valley High " is here . As we reported in July , "  Sweet Valley Confidential "  St. Martin 's Press  takes place 10 years after high school . The series protagonists -- twin sisters Jessica and Elizabeth Wakefield -- are 27 now and on their own , no longer safely ensconced in the split-level , Spanish-style home of their parents . Their perfect figures , cascading blond hair and aquamarine eyes remain . And in case you need any reminders that the book takes place in modern times , there are references to Facebook , Google , Beyoncé and Justin Timberlake . Jessica still lives in the idyllic Sweet Valley and has done something unforgivable to Elizabeth , who has since high-tailed it to New York , utterly brokenhearted . She is also bent on getting revenge , not a typical Elizabeth character trait . CNN spoke to Sweet Valley creator Francine Pascal about the new book and the lasting legacy of the "  Sweet Valley " franchise , which sold more than 150 million copies worldwide and was the first young adult series to hit The New York Times best-seller list . "  This is the first time in history that a kids ' book has made the leap into adulthood , " the author said . "  And it 's a very difficult thing because the people who used to read the books are people of importance , they 're grown adults , and they have a certain ownership of ` Sweet Valley ' because it was their adolescence . With the new book I hoped not to outrage them and I do n't think I have . But I think I have surprised them in a lot of ways and I hope I have touched them . " Pascal , 73 , said the inspiration for the first "  Sweet Valley " book was the 1980s nighttime soap "  Dallas . " She figured that telling the story in series form would suit the soap opera format well because she would n't be tied in to providing closure -- she could feel free to leave readers hanging "  with a hook ending and that would give it the feel of continuity . " Pascal said she selected the high school setting because she "  needed a location that was complete in itself . " "  High school is , after all , a microcosm of the real world , " Pascal said . "  It 's the first time kids have some independence and have a world of their own where they 're all together and they make the rules and live their life . " "  High school is so serious , " she continued . "  There 's friendship , pain , joy , betrayal , all those incredible things and the very essence of idealism . " Pascal hinted that is exactly why the town of Sweet Valley and its inhabitants are so unbelievably perfect . It is just that -- an idealization . Pascal said she intentionally made her main characters female because it was important "  to do something where the girls drove the action . Up until then it was sort of a ` Sleeping Beauty ' kind of thing where you had to wait for the boy to kiss you before you woke up , and this story I wanted to be in the hands of girls . " The author said she made the girls twins because she had always been fascinated by twins and she wanted "  the opportunity to do a Jekyll and Hyde kind of thing where it 's really the good and the bad of one person . So I conceived these impossibly  laughs  perfect people with very distinct personalities . " Surprisingly , Pascal concocted the picture-perfect Southern California town of Sweet Valley having never set foot in the state ! "  I thought about what was the best thing about your teenage years and it seemed to me it was summer , " she said . "  So I wanted a place where it was always summer and that 's how I came to California . " "  But I did n't actually come to California , " Pascal said , "  because at the time I had never been to California . Everything I knew about California came from MGM movies . A couple years later I went out there and it turned out it was just the way I thought it was . " When the first "  Sweet Valley High " book , "  Double Love , " was published in 1983 , Pascal said she had no idea it would be so successful . "  I remember two weeks after it came out the shock of seeing it on the Publisher 's Weekly best-seller list , " said Pascal . "  I was stunned . This was in 1983 -- before the internet -- and I could n't understand how everyone knew about it so fast . And it was n't just the hundreds of thousands of readers who bought my four previous books . We were going into the millions . " Pascal is particularly proud that "  Sweet Valley " turned a lot of young women on to reading . "  I used to get thousands of letters and about a quarter of them started the same way , ' I used to hate to read . ... ` And that 's the wonderful thing about this series ; it really did bring a lot of young women into the reading world . " Ironically , librarians initially thumbed their noses at the notion of "  Sweet Valley . " "  At first they did n't even want to have the books in the library , " Pascal said . "  Until they saw girls who had never even set foot in the library before ask for them and then they relented . " Pascal , who divides her time between homes in New York and France , said if she were starting the series today , she would n't change much , "  because I do feel the more things change the more they stay the same , particularly in adolescence . That 's a unique time when many things are happening . " "  These books were translated into 25 different languages , " Pascal said . "  Which makes you think : ` What does a girl in Indonesia have in common with these blond , blue-eyed girls in California ? ' Well , with the physical changes girls go through at that age comes a lot of feelings that are the same no matter where you are . So , the fact that there are cell phones and other technological advances now , those are all rather superficial . It 's not how people are communicating , it is THE communication . " She pointed out that "  Sweet Valley 's " legacy lies in "  the hundreds of thousands and perhaps even millions of girls who became readers because of ` Sweet Valley . ' Otherwise they may have spent their lives captive of TV . " "  Sweet Valley 's " next incarnation will be a "  Sweet Valley High " feature film written by Oscar-winning screenwriter Diablo Cody . Pascal said she believes Cody will do right by the series because , "  She grew up with ` Sweet Valley ' and she loved it . " Pascal said she thinks the movie should take place in the 1980s , "  Because I think all of the technological stuff is wrong for this . This is , well , a period piece . " Pascal said she is not quite sure what her involvement in the film will be . "  I 'd have to go back to the contract , " she said . "  It 's something like story consultant . When material is adapted the original writers are not that involved . They do n't hate them or , like in  Robert Altman 's  ` The Player , ' wish them dead or kill them . But it 's gone from New York  laughs  . "	The "  Sweet Valley " series is back and updated Pascal 's books are credited with inspiring young women to read Author admits lead characters , blond twin girls , are "  impossibly perfect " Up next for "  Sweet Valley " is a feature film written by Diablo Cody
CNN  Lake Urmia , in northwest Iran , once bore the weight of a ton of people . The extreme salinity of what used to be the largest lake in the Middle East allowed people to swim and relax without sinking . Over the last 20 years , however , the salt lake has almost completely dried up along with the area 's agriculture and economy . According to the United Nations Development Program , the lake has shrunk by two-thirds since 1997 due to Iran 's water crisis and detrimental agricultural policies . President Hassan Rouhani has pledged $ 5 billion to fix the problem over the next 10 years , but can this buoyant wetland rebound ? That 's the hope of Meysam Mir Zendehdel , a documentary photographer from Tehran , Iran . In 2013 , Zendehdel took a trip to the lake with some friends . At the time , he had heard stories of the lake 's dissipation , but it was not until he witnessed it that he grasped the true devastation of the ecosystem . "  After seeing it , I found it an environmental and social disaster , " he said . "  It was a tragedy . " Zendehdel said it was a calling for him to document the dying lake and its effect on the community -- a photography project he said he will never finish . Abandoned ships and wooden planks are just some of the random remains that tell us water was once in abundance here . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . The surrounding residential complexes and children 's playgrounds are now full of salt and dust and memories of a once-bustling neighborhood . Bleak and austere , the atmosphere appears completely desolate . Some people still live there , according to Zendehdel , but most moved out to neighboring villages after their farms were depleted . "  When you walk on dried crystal of salt , in the absolute silence , you hear just the sound of cracking salt crystal . You remember that the sound of water in this area had been people 's life , and it 's very disappointing that that silence of the lake has silenced the life , " Zendehdel said . Like the washed-up boat in Urmia Lake , Zendehdel 's passion to document the drought is strikingly clear . "  I believe that it is my duty to show realities and facts , and the judge is up to audiences , " he said . Meysam Mir Zendehdel is a documentary photographer from Tehran , Iran . You can like him on Facebook and Instagram .	Iran 's Lake Urmia used to be the largest lake in the Middle East But the salt lake has shrunk by two-thirds since 1997 Meysam Mir Zendehdel recently documented the dying lake and its effect on the community
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Just days after the governor of an northeastern Afghanistan province claimed dozens of civilians were killed in a NATO-led mission targeting insurgents , new allegations of civilian casualties surfaced in a nearby province Thursday . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force is investigating the claims stemming from an operation Thursday morning in the Alah Say district of Kapisa province , the military said in a statement . Armed insurgents were the target , ISAF said . "  We take civilian casualty allegations very seriously ; we 'll investigate this incident as quickly as possible , " said U.S. Army Col. Patrick Hynes , director of ISAF Joint Command Combined Joint Operations Center . The incident followed a statement Sunday from the governor of Kunar province , who said that 64 people -- including 22 women and 26 young boys -- were killed in a joint operation by ISAF and Afghan security forces over a few days last week . ISAF said video evidence from the scene indicated 36 armed insurgents were killed . That incident is also under investigation .	NATO force is investigating reports of civilian casualties Armed insurgents were targeted in Kapisa province Allegations of such casualties also surfaced in another province Sunday
CNN  -- For nearly two decades , Seth Green has been one of the busiest actors in Hollywood . Not only has he lent his voice to "  Family Guy " each season as Chris Griffin , but he 's also the creator and voices behind Adult Swim 's stop-motion animation show , "  Robot Chicken , " which is slated for a seventh season later this year . He 's not slowing down anytime soon . This week , he can be seen co-starring in the new indie drama "  The Story of Luke , " which opens in select theaters nationwide and on video on demand , as well as in the film "  Sexy Evil Genius , " which hits video on-demand today . It was also recently announced that Green will star in "  Dads , " Seth MacFarlane 's forthcoming live-action comedy on Fox . CNN recently spoke with Green about Hollywood 's digital revolution , nostalgic television and if we can ever expect to see that rumored Austin Powers sequel . CNN : "  The Story of Luke " centers around a guy with autism who 's trying to get a job and get a girl . What 's been your connection to autism before this film ? Seth Green : I do n't know that I 've had too much of a personal connection . I 've met autistic people and I 've seen the different ways Hollywood has portrayed them over the years . "  The Story of Luke " is based on an amalgam of characters that  writer/director  Alonso Mayo met . He wanted to tell a story from the inside of a character who was unaware of something that 's different about them . Luke knows he 's special because he 's told he 's special but he does n't understand that there 's limitations to what he can aspire towards . My character is the opposite of that . He 's someone on the autistic spectrum who 's consistently been told that he 's only there to serve as guilt and empathy for anyone that 's neurologically typical . So he 's become bitter and isolated . CNN : In the last 10 years , you 've embraced many different media in getting your work out there . Your new film , "  Sexy Evil Genius , " is being released on video on demand and iTunes . Is Hollywood dragging their feet in terms of getting content to fans ? Is this something you think about ? Green : I think about all of that stuff . It 's just evolution and the more you try to keep something as you predict it , the faster it will slip away from you . We 're in a day and age where anyone under 20 does n't even understand the concept of "  convergence of media " because it 's already converged . To most teenagers or people under 25 , the portal to which they watch their content is inconsequential . Whether it 's a phone or a tablet or a TV or a movie theater , it 's really about the content . I look for the best ways to reach the right audience for whatever project it is . Most of all , I concentrate on making the content as good as it can be . That way no matter where or when or how someone is watching it , they 're still offered the same experience . I 'm sure people felt the same way about the steam engine . "  Why are we building all these railroads ? " We 're kind of arrogant enough to believe that where we are is the pinnacle of evolution and that there are n't going to be massive cultural changes . My goal is to make content for the rest of my life and career . To that end , it 's just about being smart and staying current . CNN : It was recently announced that you 're starring in "  Dads , " Seth MacFarlane 's live action sitcom . What can you tell us about the show ? Green : The show is about two lifelong friends who started a successful video game company . One of them is married with kids and their father lives with them . The other best friend , me , is sort of this serial dater , perpetually breaking up with people . His father left when he was very young and now through circumstance , his father moves in with him , too . You have these two lifelong best friends , living with their dads , who one way or another , have failed to take care of themselves . Peter Riegert is my dad and Martin Mull is Tommy Dewey 's dad . My character is a miserable guy who has n't figured out how to make himself happy . He wakes up every day hating himself . It 's going to be a really funny thing to play . Especially with a character like that , trying to humanize him or even  make him  sympathetic -- that 's going to be a fun challenge . CNN : Is it raunchy like "  Family Guy " can be ? Green : It 's a multicamera show . Alec  Sulkin  and Wellesley  Wild  , the guys who wrote it , have been talking about "  Family Ties , "  Golden Girls " and "  Cheers . " Shows like that , where all the characters are grounded in reality , where there 's a lot of emotional potential , but funny because it 's about real life . That 's what we 're all aiming to do : use this medium in a provocative way , the way the shows we grew up on did . CNN : Rumors have floated around for a while about an "  Austin Powers 4 " film . Is there any traction around that ? Green : You know , I 've been hearing rumors about "  Austin Powers 4 " and "  Italian Job 2 " since "  Austin Powers 3 " and "  Italian Job " came out . I ca n't speak for people making plans without including me , but I will say , I have not heard any confirmable opinions in either direction .	The actor has a new indie film coming out He says entertainment is more about the content than how it 's delivered He will also be starring in Seth MacFarlane 's live action sitcom
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The commander of U.S. and NATO-led forces in Afghanistan apologized Wednesday after an investigation concluded that coalition troops accidentally killed nine civilians -- including some children -- in a strike Tuesday . Gen. David Petraeus , commander of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  , said he would personally apologize to Afghan President Hamid Karzai after Karzai returns from a trip to London this week . "  We are deeply sorry for this tragedy and apologize to the members of the Afghan government , the people of Afghanistan , and , most importantly , the surviving family members of those killed by our actions , " Petraeus said in a statement Wednesday . Some children were among the dead , an ISAF spokesman said . Preliminary findings of an investigation show that ISAF forces accidentally killed nine civilians in the Darah-Ye Pech district of Afghanistan 's eastern Kunar province Tuesday , the statement said . The incident happened after insurgents fired rockets at a base used by U.S. and allied troops . "  These deaths should never have happened ... " Petraeus said . "  Regrettably , there appears to have been an error in the hand-off between identifying the location of the insurgents and the attack helicopters that carried out the subsequent operations . " In a statement Wednesday , Karzai condemned the incident "  in the strongest terms possible . " He noted the incident occurred less than 10 days after another incident "  that left many civilians dead in the same province . " On February 20 , Kunar provincial Governor Sayed Fazlullah Wahidi said 64 civilians had died in a joint operation by ISAF and Afghan security forces over several days . The dead included 20 women and 15 children , he said . Karzai said the children were collecting firewood when they were killed . Karzai emphasized Wednesday that "  NATO needs to focus on the safe havens of terrorists , " adding that killing innocent civilians will create "  huge problems . " Civilian casualties have been a hot-button issue in Afghanistan and have hurt the coalition 's efforts to win backing for its efforts . Petraeus recently directed military commanders in Afghanistan to review changes meant to minimize civilian casualties . He has ordered commanders to brief helicopter attack crews again on the changes , he said . Should the facts of the investigation warrant it , he said , the military could take disciplinary action against some of the troops involved . CNN 's Matiullah Mati and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Karzai condemns the incident Helicopters attacked after insurgents fired rockets at coalition troops 9 civilians were killed , including some children Gen. David Petraeus apologizes
CNN  -- "  Birdman " is flying high . The Michael Keaton film , about a former superhero-playing actor who tries to revive his career with a Broadway show , earned six Independent Spirit Awards nominations Tuesday , including best feature , best director  Alejandro G. Inarritu  and best actor for Keaton . The other nominees for best feature are "  Boyhood , " "  Love Is Strange , " "  Selma " and "  Whiplash . " Three films earned five nominations -- "  Boyhood , " "  Selma " and "  Nightcrawler " -- and two earned four : "  Whiplash " and "  Love Is Strange . " Though not necessarily an Oscar indicator , getting picked by the Independent Spirit Awards -- which are open to American films with budgets below $ 20 million -- does n't hurt in creating awards season buzz , and many do go on to win the big trophy . In fact , as GoldDerby.com observed , several of last year 's Independent Spirit winners -- including Matthew McConaughey  "  Dallas Buyers Club "  , Cate Blanchett  "  Blue Jasmine "  , Jared Leto  "  Dallas Buyers Club "  and Lupita Nyong ' o  "  12 Years a Slave "  -- went on to win Oscars in their respective categories . And the Oscar for best picture went to "  12 Years a Slave , " which was also named best feature at the Independent Spirit Awards . "  Boyhood , " the Richard Linklater-directed film that follows a boy for a dozen years as he grows up , is considered a strong contender for best picture this year . The 30th Independent Spirit Awards are scheduled for Saturday , February 21 , the day before the Oscars .	"  Birdman " earns six Independent Spirit Award nominations "  Boyhood , " "  Selma , " "  Nightcrawler " all receive five Independent Spirit Awards go to American films with budgets below $ 20 million Many of last year 's winners won Oscars
CNN  -- A Mexican national who pleaded guilty to trying to buy a Stinger missile and other military weapons for a Mexican drug cartel has been sentenced to 25 years in prison , federal prosecutors said . David Diaz-Sosa , 27 , of Sinaloa , Mexico , pleaded guilty in April 2011 to four charges , U.S. Attorney for Arizona John S. Leonardo said in a statement released in Phoenix . U.S. District Judge James A. Teilborg also Wednesday sentenced Diaz-Sosa to five years of supervised release after serving the federal prison sentence , officials said . The Tucson office for defense attorney Marivel Cantu-Madril said she was not available for comment Thursday . Previously on CNN.com : 3 accused of trying to buy military weapons for Mexican drug cartel Three people were charged last year , according to an indictment unsealed in Phoenix . The government said the plot was foiled because the people the alleged conspirators were dealing with were federal undercover agents and a government informant . "  With the confiscation of a significant quantity of methamphetamine and U.S. currency , this operation not only delivered a financial blow to a Mexican drug trafficking organization , but it also prevented further cartel violence by keeping dangerous weapons out of their hands , " Leonardo said in a statement . Court documents say the alleged conspirators ' shopping list included : a Stinger surface-to-air-missile ; a Dragon fire anti-tank weapon ; a Law Rocket anti-tank weapon ; and two AT-4 recoilless anti-tank guns . The indictment said the defendants were to pay with cash and illegal drugs . According to the indictment , the conspiracy began in November 2009 with Diaz-Sosa allegedly acting as the "  primary broker " in trying to buy weapons for the Sinaloa drug cartel . The court filings said the suspects were shown weapons or fakes , but never bought actual arms . Diaz-Sosa arranged for the delivery of 4.5 pounds of methamphetamine for a down payment , prosecutors said Wednesday . He and another associate were arrested in February 2010 when they exchanged 11 pounds of methamphetamine as a final payment . Diaz-Sosa pleaded guilty to conspiracy to acquire and export an anti-aircraft missile ; conspiracy to possess unregistered firearms and transfer firearms for use in a drug trafficking crime ; conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute methamphetamine ; and possession with intent to distribute methamphetamine . In a court filing , lawyers for Diaz-Sosa said he expressed remorse and regretted putting his family through "  this embarrassment . "	Group tried to buy high-powered military weapons for Mexican cartel Prosecutors : Conspirators negotiated with undercover U.S. agents Man gets 25 years after pleading guilty
CNN  -- Former Bolivian President Jorge Quiroga will appeal his prison sentence of nearly three years for defaming a bank , his attorney said Sunday . Judge Rene Delgado sentenced Quiroga on Saturday after the former leader was found guilty of defaming the Banco Union in statements he made in February 2009 , nearly seven years after leaving office . The former president , who ruled from August 2001 to August 2002 , said the Banco Union was "  a money-launderer for resources obtained in a bad way , for Venezuelan resources and for resources from corruption , " the state-run Agencia Boliviana de Informacion said . Quiroga 's attorney , Ivan Aleman , said the sentencing was unexpected . "  We were surprised yesterday by an aberrant ruling that my client would be denied his liberty for two years and eight months , " Aleman said Sunday . At the time of Quiroga 's comments , the Bolivian Public Ministry was investigating Banco Union in connection with $ 450,000 in a trust fund handled by businessman Jorge O'Connor D'Arlach , who had been shot to death in January 2009 , the state news agency said . The bank filed a legal complaint against the former president after his comments , which were carried extensively by local media . Quiroga , 50 , received a bachelor 's degree in industrial engineering from Texas A&M University in 1981 and holds a master 's degree in business administration from St. Edward 's University in Austin , Texas . He served as Bolivia 's vice president from 1997 to 2001 , when he assumed the top spot after President Hugo Banzer resigned due to health problems . Quiroga ran for president in 2005 but was soundly defeated by current President Evo Morales .	A judge sentenced Jorge Quiroga to two years and eight months in prison The former president said a local bank was used for money-laundering The bank filed a legal complaint and Quiroga was found guilty of defamation
CNN  When Bruce Jenner told ABC 's Diane Sawyer and the world on Friday night that "  Yes , for all intents and purposes , I 'm a woman , " the declaration was n't particularly surprising . Paparazzi have been stalking the former Olympic champion for months , breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss , pierced ears and French manicure . The social media reaction ? A cheer , a shrug -- and not much else . Except the occasional prod at Jenner also being Republican . Of course , Jenner 's family owned the moment , being the reality TV mavens they are -- the Jenners and the Kardashians . "  So very proud of you , my hero , " tweeted daughter Kendall Jenner . His other daughter Kylie Jenner expressed mixed emotions . "  Understandingly , this has been very hard for me . You will hear what I have to say when I 'm ready to but ... this is n't about me . I 'm so proud of you , Dad . You are so brave . My beautiful Hero , " she said on Twitter . Ex-wife Kris Jenner was equally supportive . "  Not only was I able to call him my husband for 25 years and father of my children , I am now able to call him my hero , " she said . Stepdaughters Kim , Khloé and Kourtney Kardashian also joined the family chorus . "  Love is the courage to live the truest , best version of yourself . Bruce is love . I love you Bruce . #ProudDaughter , " Kim tweeted . "  Just finished watching the #BruceJennerInterview with the family . Bruzer , I 'm soooo proud of you ! Dads really are heros ❤ , " Khloé said on Twitter . "  Could n't be a more proud daughter . With courage and bravery , let 's change the world . I am honored to stand by Bruce 's side and support him , " Kourtney said . The entertainment industry was quick to embrace the news . Lady Gaga has long supported lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender issues . "  We have the chance to write this moment in history together , " she tweeted . "  Let 's empower people like Bruce all over the world by being loving & not mean . " Transgender actress Laverne Cox of "  Orange is the New Black " gave a shout out . "  Sending lots of love and support to #BruceJenner and their family tonight , " she tweeted . "  It is always brave to stand in one 's truth . Congrats darling . " The Jenner interview was a key moment for advocacy groups like GLAAD and the National Center for Transgender Equality , thrusting LGBT issues into the spotlight . "  Today , millions of people learned that someone they know is transgender , " GLAAD tweeted . "  Welcome , #BruceJenner , " Trans Equality tweeted . "  Thank you for your courage and bravery . " As with all things , public opinion is hardly unanimous and social media only represents the views of those who post . Still , there were few detractors . One man used an Old Testament Bible verse as the basis for his stance . "  GOP Logic : Bruce Jenner is not Gay ... but Transgender , " Benny said on Twitter . "  Still forbidden by the Bible but we cherrypick . " This woman was n't sure what to make of Jenner 's announcement . "  Still confused about Bruce Jenner becoming a woman ... , " tweeted HugHey . And what would a social media event be without a good dose of humor . Many folks seemed to be more intrigued by Jenner 's announcement that he 's Republican than him coming out as a woman . "  I accept that Bruce Jenner is a Republican and wish him happiness , even if I ca n't understand it , " said Johnny McNulty . "  I 'll accept Bruce Jenner 's choice to live how he wants much easier than leftists will accept his politics , " CounterMoonbat said on twitter . And this final nugget from Bibi . "  Bruce Jenner : * comes out as a woman * "  Everyone : "  Yas girl , slay " "  Bruce Jenner : * comes out as a republican * Everyone : "  disgusting "	Social media largely supports Jenner More people seemed intrigued that he 's a Republican
CNN  -- Tiger Woods admits his personal problems are affecting his game , but the world 's top golfer refused to blame media intrusion on his life for his disastrous return to the PGA Tour this week . Woods defied expectation when he tied for fourth on his comeback last month at the Masters , one of golf 's four major events , but struggled at the Quail Hollow Championship in North Carolina as he missed the halfway cut for only the sixth time in 14 years as a professional . On Friday , he slumped to a seven-over-par 79 that saw him miss the weekend rounds by eight shots -- and a massive 17 behind leader Billy Mayfair . It was his second-worst single-round score behind the 81 he carded at the 2002 British Open , and his highest 36-hole total meant he missed the cut in a non-major for the first time since 2005 . The 34-year-old , who took a five-month break from playing following the scandal over his admitted marital infidelities , admitted he was feeling pressure due to continued questioning about his private life . "  Well , I get asked every day . Every day I do media , I get asked it , so it does n't go away . Even when I 'm at home , paparazzi still follow us , helicopters still hover around , " Woods told reporters in quotes carried by his personal Web site . "  Does it test you ? Yes , of course it does . Is that any excuse ? No , because I 'm out there and I have the same opportunity as everybody else here in this field to shoot a good number , and I did n't do that . " Woods will hope to address problems with his game ahead of the Players Championship at Ponte Vedra Beach in Florida starting next Thursday . "  It 'll be interesting because I 'll probably get home and hit balls on the range , and I 'm going to have to get up there to Ponte Vedra a little early to putt because Isleworth is all torn up , " he said . "  My short game was terrible . I three-putted there twice back-to-back , and you ca n't do that . I did n't get up-and-down at six and chipped the ball off the green at seven . Those shots , you 're just throwing away shots when you do stuff like that . "  You have to let it go . It 's like baseball , you go 0 for 4 two days in a row like I did , you 've got a whole new tournament next week , which is great . " While Woods struggled at Quail Hollow , the 43-year-old Mayfair shot his second successive 68 to claim a one-shot lead from Argentina 's Angel Cabrera . Last year 's Masters champion , who played his first two rounds with Woods , fired a 67 featuring an eagle , four birdies and two bogeys . Current Masters champion Phil Mickelson also carded 68 to be in a tie for third another shot back on 138 along with fellow Americans J.P. Hayes  64  , Dustin Johnson  65  and Paul Goydos  70  . Meanwhile , England 's Mark Foster will take a three-stroke lead into the final round of the Spanish Open in Seville . The world No. 363 , seeking his second victory on the European Tour , carded a three-under-par 69 in his third round on Saturday . Spanish duo Alvaro Quiros  67  and Carlos Del Moral  70  were tied for second along with Frenchman Raphael Jacquelin  71  .	Tiger Woods admits personal problems are affecting his golf , but refuses to blame media World 's top golfer misses cut at a U.S. PGA Tour event for first time since 2005 He shot seven-over-par 79 at Quail Hollow , the second-worst score of his career Woods will line up again at the Players Championship at Ponte Vedra next week
Seoul  CNN  -- Most South Korean students consider their final year in high school "  the year of hell . " It is when all students are put to the ultimate test . About 700,000 test applicants sat down in classrooms across the country Thursday to take their college entrance exams -- also known as the College Scholastic Ability Test  CSAT  . The stock markets opened an hour late , buses and subway services were increased and police cars offered rides for students , all to ensure they made it on time . Younger students gathered in large groups outside school gates , some having arrived at 4a . m. to mind a good spot , waiting to support their school seniors . Cheers exploded throughout the school grounds as test applicants arrived , most being guided by their anxious parents . "  I 'm just praying for her . It 's the same for all the mothers out here . They 're just praying for the best , " a mother said , as she stood across from the school long after her daughter had entered . "  I want to give her a hug when it 's over and tell her she did a great job up until now , " she added . For many , this one test -- which lasts a good eight hours -- will determine which university they enter . It is considered the chance to make or break one 's future . In a country where more than 80 % of high school students move on to higher-level education , getting into a prestigious school is all the more competitive . The final year leading up to the test is one of most intense periods students will ever experience . "  In South Korea , the reality is most students have lived for this very day . They have put in so much time and effort , and the fact that everything is decided on this one day can place an immense amount of pressure on them , " a teacher from Paihwa Girl 's High School , who had come to cheer on his students , said . Many test-takers will give up sleep , living sometimes on only five hours of rest a day throughout the year . Family members live nervously in fear that they will disrupt the mood of their high-school child . South Korea 's obsession with education and academic success is rooted in Confucianism . The long practice of equating social status with academic achievement has left behind a tradition of pouring everything into studying . South Koreans on average spend 7.6 hours studying in the classroom , according to the country 's former Education Minister Ahn Byong-man . From elementary school ages , South Koreans will spend many hours in cram schools after their regular classes . Almost 75 % of the student population last year took up private education , according to the Ministry of Education . In order to reduce the financial burden from private education and encourage the students to rest , the current Lee Myung-bak administration placed a ban on operating private classes after 10pm . Government officials routinely patrol areas and crackdown on illicit classes . For a senior high school student , a study routine will include self-study sessions at school , cram school classes and more self-studying hours late into the night at private cubicles . This is all on top of their regular class hours . The psychological burden is such that South Korea suffers from high student suicide rates . More than 200 students committed suicide in 2009 and about 150 the following year , according to Ahn 's Presidential Advisory Council on Education , Science and Technology . A heavy reliance on rote learning is also a challenge the country faces , as it tries to diversify its curriculum and reduce the stress from studying . "  It is a problem too that students learn a lot . They have a bunch of knowledge . They are well-equipped with good knowledge , I would say , but the process is so painful , they do n't know how to enjoy learning from learning , you know , " Ahn Byong-man said . The college entrance environment is better than it used to be in many ways . Some fortunate students will win a ticket to university without taking the CSAT through other recommendation programs . However , the importance of the CSAT still outweighs alternatives . More than 20 % of the applicants to this year 's test are high school graduates , also known as "  retakers . " Those who are unsatisfied with their test results this year will likely volunteer to live through another year of sleep-deprived nights .	The final year leading up to exams is an extremely intense period for students Almost 75 % of the student population last year took up private education South Korea 's obsession with academic success is rooted in Confucianism
CNN  -- Chelsea moved a step closer to breaking Manchester United 's stranglehold on the English Premier League title with a controversial 1-0 victory at home to Bolton Wanderers on Tuesday night . Nicolas Anelka headed the only goal against his former club just before halftime to put the London side four points clear of three-time defending champions United with four matches to play . Third-placed Arsenal can leapfrog United into second place with victory over London rivals Tottenham on Wednesday and be three points adrift of Chelsea . Bolton , just five points above the relegation zone , were angry after not being awarded a penalty in each half for alleged handball by Didier Drogba and John Terry -- but were lucky not to concede more goals as Chelsea dominated late in the match . "  They were n't claims for a penalty , " Bolton boss Owen Coyle told match broadcaster ESPN . "  They were stonewall penalties . I knew it at the time . "  Didier Drogba is a world-class player , but looking at this replay he could be a world-class volleyball player . "  I 've asked the linesman about -LSB- the Terry incident -RSB- after the game but he 's said it hit his shoulder . He needs to take another look at that . " Chelsea boss Carlo Ancelotti chose not to comment on the incidents . "  It is not my job to judge the work of the officials , " the Italian said . "  It is a difficult job , sometimes they make the right decisions , sometimes they make bad decisions . "  We have to maintain this level . We are doing well , we are very focused and in a very good position , but we have a very difficult game on Saturday against Tottenham and we have to do our best to win that game . " Chelsea were less impressive in the first half , and it took until the 43rd minute before France striker Anelka broke the deadlock with a close-range header from Drogba 's left-wing cross for his first goal since January . Bolton striker Kevin Davies had told reporters before the match that his former teammate Anelka was unhappy playing with Drogba , but the duo combined well to end Wanderers ' stubborn resistance . The recalled Salomon Kalou should have made it 2-0 in the 54th minute but goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen blocked the Ivory Coast forward 's shot with his legs . Davies was booked for a crude tackle on Jon Obi Mikel in the 77th minute , and Frank Lampard hit the post soon after with a fierce low shot after a clever dummy by Kalou 's replacement Joe Cole . England midfielder Cole gave Chelsea fresh impetus , with Michael Ballack heading his cross tamely at Jaaskelainen . Terry drove a shot just wide from a corner but soon after was beaten in the air at the other end by Bolton substitute Johan Elmander -- however , the Swede 's header went wide . Cole should have doubled the lead in injury-time , but somehow stumbled over Yuri Zhirkov 's low cross when it seemed easier to score . Meanwhile , Inter Milan moved into the final of the Italian Cup with a 1-0 victory away to Fiorentina on Tuesday night , winning 2-0 on aggregate . Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o scored the only goal in the 57th minute to keep Jose Mourinho 's team in the hunt for three trophies this season . The Champions League semifinalists , who drew 2-2 with Fiorentina at the weekend , will face either new Serie A leaders Roma or Udinese in the title match . Also on Tuesday , Cagliari sacked coach Massimiliano Allegri after the Sardinian team 's slump to 12th in the Italian top flight following a haul of just two points from nine matches . Allegri was voted Serie A coach of the year by his peers for guiding Cagliari to ninth place last season , but became the 16th to be dismissed this campaign .	English Premier League leaders Chelsea move four points clear of Manchester United Striker Nicolas Anelka scores winner just before halftime against his former club Struggling Bolton angry not to be awarded a penalty for handball in each half Inter Milan earn place in final of Italian Cup with 2-0 aggregate win over Fiorentina
CNN  -- These are n't your stereotypical greasy airport burger and fries . Airports from the United States , England and Denmark dominated the Moodie Report 's third annual Airport Food & Beverage Awards , which were announced Wednesday evening in Dubai . "  We have been deeply impressed by the volume and , more importantly , quality of nominations this year , " said Martin Moodie , Moodie Report founder and chairman , in a statement prior to the awards announcement . The Moodie Report owns and produces the conference and the awards . "  There 's plenty of innovation and an intriguing reflection of a number of the sector 's most notable trends , " Moodie said . Best airport coffee shop : Joe & The Juice , Copenhagen Airport Best airport "  food to go " : Napa Farms Market , San Francisco International Airport Best airport food and beverage sense of place : Napa Farms Market , San Francisco International Airport Best airport bar : The Red Lion , London Gatwick Airport North Terminal Best airport wine bar : Cru Wine Bar , Denver International Airport Best airport casual dining restaurant : Giraffe , London Heathrow Airport Terminal 5 Best airport chef-led dining : Le Sommelier Bar & Bistro  based on chef Francis Cardenau 's restaurant in downtown Copenhagen  , Copenhagen Airport Best airport food court : Concourse F food court , Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport Best fast food/quick service restaurant : Shake Shack , New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport Awards were handed out in 15 categories . The judges were Moodie ; David King , director of the David King Partnership ; and Wendy Bartlett , managing director of Bartlett Mitchell . They selected the short list from 209 entries from airports and included two awards for railway stations as well .	Four U.S. airports won a total of six awards Copenhagen 's airport took home three awards Awards included best coffee shop , best wine bar and best food court
CNN  -- Abraham Lincoln once said , "  In life , what counts is the size of a man 's heart , not the size of his disproportionate willie . " Lo , there was an awkward moment of silence among those standing in the open shower at the old White House CrossFit gym , as the 16th president nervously added , "  I 'm serious , guys . That 's what counts . Seriously . " But despite Lincoln 's largely unknown and forgotten "  Wee-man-cipation Proclamation " -- which I may have just completely made up -- a recent study appears to have proven this belief scientifically incorrect . Yes , gentlemen , when it comes to the preference of heterosexual women , perhaps our worst fear is true . Size does matter . At least according to a new study that quickly found its way around the Internet . Because , of course it did . We like this kind of stuff -- anything about genitals or cats . Whereas , if they found a cure for cancer , maybe six people would give it a tweet . "  They cured cancer . But check out this cat ! LOL . #Kitteh " You 're all weirdo sinners . And I like that . The big buzz about this study started when research results appeared this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . Which is one of those fancy journals where normal people understand about every 15th word . And even fewer if you cheated your way through Mr. Ware 's high school physiology and anatomy class . "  Psst . What bone is this ? " "  Dude , Bellini , that 's not a bone . That 's your pencil . " The point is that it 's a super-science-y journal . And it 's difficult to read . But , on the plus side , for those of us more intellectually suited to watching a good episode of "  Cops , " if you sound out the publication 's acronym , PNAS , it makes a delightfully funny word that brings us right back to the topic at hand . Package size . And why it matters . Brian Mautz , an American biologist now at the University of Ottawa , was the lead author of the study , and conducted his research while in Australia . Which I believe completely invalidates the results . Not for any particularly scientific reason , but it helps me sleep at night . Even Conan O'Brien took solace in the technicality : "  The Good news ? My wife is n't Australian . " Regardless , just how does one come to a scientific , unbiased conclusion on the importance of large manhood ? You know , without mixing in other result-skewing personal features like a lush ginger beard and a bald head . Those kind of horrible things . Well , that 's where the computer models come in . Down in Australia , 105 lucky ladies were asked to rate the sexual attractiveness of about 50 life-sized computer-generated , naked male figures with different body structures . Some were tall . Some were short . Some were thin . Some of them may have been John Candy . Full images of the figures here . Warning : Featureless , gray full-frontal We 'll never know , because the gray-colored figures did not possess any other features . Just unique body types and varying amounts of Speedo filler . The figures were then projected on a screen so the women could rate them from 1 to 7 . Which absolutely bothers me . All rating scales should go to 10 . I 'm a metric guy , and it 's just the natural order of things . Especially when it comes to rating attractiveness . Otherwise , there 's not enough wiggle room for minor beauty flaws . Like fuzzy earlobes . Always a three-point deduction . But never mind such little things . For these women , overall height and body shape seemed to be the most important factors . Which is n't a big surprise . However , a man 's nether region was definitely an important factor . And as the overall size down below increased , so , too , did the sexual attractiveness scores . The women also spent more time actually staring at the goods . Which is so rude . Hello ? Our eyes are up here ! Just kidding . Enjoy the view . We 'll just watch some baseball . But here 's the thing . For taller men , size was even more important . Quite simply , it 's a matter of proportion . When your canvas is bigger , Waldo is harder to find . That said , if it actually LOOKS like Waldo , you need to see a doctor . Today , if they can schedule you in . But put it on Reddit first . They 're into that . Mega up-votes ! Now , for shorter men , being bigger downstairs was also important . But only when compared to other short men . If you bring a taller man into the mix , not even an actual Ponderosa Pine will help you compete . Though you might make it on TV . Sadly , even if the tall guy has but a sapling , he still has the advantage . So long as he 's fit . Because , under these scientific conditions , that 's still the biggest factor . Body shape . Fortunately , though , humans are n't computer-generated gray figurines projected on walls . We have skin . And hair . And courtside seats to the Lakers . And that 's what really counts . Just as long as you do n't have fuzzy earlobes .	New study confirms that when it comes to male anatomy , "  size does matter " Computer-generated male figures were shown to Australian women Overall body figure is still most important , but males with bigger appendages were rated higher
CNN  -- A five-week strike by a New York City school bus drivers ' union is ending , with nearly 9,000 drivers heading back to work next week and some 150,000 students getting their rides to class again . The strike -- the first for school bus drivers in New York City since 1979 -- began after Mayor Michael Bloomberg , in a cost-cutting move , put nearly 1,100 bus routes worked by the union drivers up for bids . Michael Cordiello , president of the drivers ' union local , said in a conference call Friday the union decided to end its strike after five current Democratic candidates for New York mayor pledged to "  revisit the school bus transportation system " if elected . Drivers , who were demanding job security , will report for work next Wednesday morning , Cordiello said . For his part , Bloomberg said Friday , "  I urged the union leaders to end the strike and made clear that the City would not be held hostage ... Tonight , they agreed . " N.Y. mayor seeks ban on plastic foam containers CNN 's Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	The strike was the first by school bus drivers in New York City since 1979 Some 150,000 students were affected by the five-week walkout
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Thousands of mourners attended the funeral Monday of the newlywed Irish teacher strangled in Mauritius a week ago . Requiem Mass was held Monday at the same Catholic church in County Tyrone , Northern Ireland , where 27-year-old Michaela Harte-McAreavey was married less than three weeks ago . She was buried in her wedding dress in the graveyard next to the church , St Malachy 's , Ballymacilroy . It was one of the biggest funerals in Northern Ireland for several years , with political and community representatives from all sides attending . Irish President Mary McAleese and Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams were among the mourners . Harte-McAreavey 's bereaved husband , Gaelic footballer John McAreavey , and her father , leading Gaelic football coach Mickey Harte , supported each other as they walked behind the coffin and helped carry it to the church . The mass was led by McAreavey 's uncle , Bishop John McAreavey , who married the couple on December 30 . "  An evil act ended Michaela 's young life last Monday , it robbed John of his beautiful wife , it deprived the Harte family of their precious daughter and sister , it deprived the McAreavey family of the daughter-in-law they looked forward to having . It shattered hopes and dreams for the future , " he said . He said the couple enjoyed a "  special love " and "  lived for each other " and that "  nothing in John 's young life could have prepared him for the ordeal of this past week . " Thousands of people had attended Harte-McAreavey 's wake at the Harte home over the weekend . In the Northern Ireland Assembly Monday , Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson said memories of the murdered honeymooner had united people in grief . "  Any life taken away by murder is a horrific event , all the more so when it is of a young person , " he said . "  The loss is even more harrowing and devastating because the victim in this case was a beautiful young woman who was on her honeymoon . "  This is one of the rare tragedies that has captured public attention and united the community in grief . " Three suspects in her death are all employees of the luxury hotel where the newlywed was found strangled , according to the Mauritius Police Force . Room attendant Avinash Treebhoowoon , 29 , and Sandip Moneea , 41 , a floor supervisor , have been charged with murder . Room attendant Raj Theekoy , 33 , faces a conspiracy charge . Police said one of the men has confessed and participated in the reconstruction . Authorities believe the men were inside the teacher 's hotel room when she returned alone . "  We presume they were inside and burgling the room when the lady returned and were surprised and attacked her , " Mauritius police Superintendent Yoosoof Soopun , who is leading the investigation , said last week . Authorities said the killer used an electronic key card to enter the room . The former beauty queen 's husband was in the restaurant of the hotel when his wife was killed , and is not a suspect , Soopun said . An autopsy showed that she died of asphyxiation .	Michaela Harte-McAreavey was strangled on her honeymoon in Mauritius She is buried in her wedding dress at the church where she got married Ireland 's president and top churchman lead mourners Bishop : Nothing in husband 's young life could have prepared him for ordeal
CNN  -- A Steubenville , Ohio , teenager was classified as a sex offender on Friday , six months after he and a fellow high school football player were convicted of raping a drunk 16-year-old girl , a court official said . Judge Thomas Lipps on Friday classified Ma ` lik Richmond as a tier II sex offender , Jefferson County , Ohio , juvenile court administrator Joe Colabella said . This is the same status -- between a less restrictive tier I and a more serious tier III -- that Trenton Mays , who was convicted in the same case , received in June . Under his new classification , Richmond is required to report to his local sheriff 's office every six months for the next 20 years . In March , Richmond and Mays -- who were 16 and 17 , respectively , at the time -- were convicted after a trial that divided the football-crazed Rust Belt town of Steubenville . Two teens found guilty in Steubenville rape case Lurid text messages , social media posts , as well as cell phone pictures and videos helped raise the national profile of the case , which revolved around Richmond and Mays ' actions during a series of end-of-summer parties in August 2012 . It attracted the attention of bloggers , who questioned everything from the behavior of the football team to the integrity of the investigation . At the heart of the case was the question of whether the victim , who testified she remembered little , was too drunk to understand what was happening to her and to consent . Defense attorneys questioned the victim 's credibility , as well as whether media coverage of the case tainted testimony . Prosecutor Marianne Hemmeter agreed the girl was "  substantially impaired , " before adding , "  The things that made her an imperfect witness -- that she does n't remember a lot -- made her , in every sense of the word , a perfect victim . " Lipps , a visiting juvenile judge from another Ohio county , ultimately made the verdict in the case , which was not tried before a jury . Richmond was sentenced to a minimum of one year in a juvenile correctional facility . Mays , who was additionally found guilty of disseminating a nude photo of a minor , got two years . The Department of Youth Services will rule whether the two boys will be detained even longer than those prescribed sentences , Lipps said , adding it will depend on their behavior and rehabilitation . Read more : How to talk to your son about rape Read more : How to help and support young rape victims	An Ohio judge classifies Ma ` lik Richmond as a tier II sex offender Trenton Mays , who was convicted in the same case , got the same classification Both teens were found guilty of rape in a case that divided their community Cell phone pictures , social media posts helped bring national attention to case
CNN  -- Ten years ago , Sara Takanashi was studying ballet and piano , not flying through the air with a pair of skis on her feet . But since she discovered the sport of ski jumping at age 8 , the Japanese teen has been poised to make Olympic history . Takanashi will compete in the first-ever women 's ski jump event at the Sochi Olympic Games . At 17 , she 's already made a name for herself in the sport , winning a record 19 World Cups since the women 's World Cup series was established in 2011 . It 's been a long battle for female ski jumpers to see their sport on the global stage . In 2006 , the International Olympic Committee rejected a request to include women 's ski jumping in the 2010 Vancouver Games . Several high-profile female ski jumpers sued the Vancouver Organizing Committee  VANOC  , which ended with a court determining the VANOC had , in fact , committed gender discrimination . However , the ruling did not require the committee to include the sport , and the dream of a 2010 women 's competition disintegrated . Now , in Sochi , Takanashi and her fellow competitors will mark a watershed moment , and Takanashi 's hometown of Kamikawa is cheering her on . According to the town 's mayor , Yoshiji Sato , hundreds of pink banners and flags bearing the name "  SARA " adorn the city . Her potential victory is important to them for many reasons : she would bridge  or jump ?  a gender gap ; she would end Japan 's long Winter Olympics drought  the country has won only one gold medal since the 1998 Olympics in Nagano  ; and she would help position Japan as a ski jumping powerhouse . It 's a lot of pressure for someone so young , but Takanashi -- and the female ski jumping community -- is ready to win . Takanashi will compete in the women 's normal hill event on Tuesday .	Sara Takanashi , 17 , traded in ballet shoes for skis at age 8 The Japanese teen will compete in the first-ever women 's ski jumping event She has won 19 World Cups since 2011 , when the women 's series began
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Australia warned its citizens Monday that next month 's Commonwealth Games in India carry a "  high risk of terrorism . " Australia issued the travel advisory a day after two Taiwanese nationals were wounded in a shooting at a popular tourist site in India 's Old Delhi . "  Australians in New Delhi should be aware that the Commonwealth Games will be held in a security environment where there is a high risk of terrorism , " the advisory said . Commonwealth Games building goes to wire It added that New Delhi has seen at least 14 major terrorist attacks since 2000 in public places , such as markets and train stations . Police in New Delhi insist Sunday 's shooting was not targeted at the games . "  It was a local mischief , " police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said Monday . Security has , however , been stepped up in the Indian capital , he added . "  We assure full security not only for the Games but also for the city , " Bhagat said . The games will be held from October 3 to October 14 . Meanwhile , two of India 's largest cities -- Delhi and Mumbai -- are on red alert after the shooting . Gunmen on a motorcycle fired multiple rounds at a tour bus , Karnail Singh of Delhi police told CNN-IBN . Police said the shooting happened near a mosque in one of the most populated parts of Old Delhi . The two gunmen fled , prompting the red alert . "  Both the injured are Taiwanese nationals , " Singh said . "  One of the bullets grazed the head of one tourist , and one has been hit in the stomach . " A media outlet in India received a claim of responsibility for the attack , but police are treating the claim with caution . Police think the attack is more likely to be the work of a criminal gang than a terror attack , they said . Police are still searching for the attackers , authorities said . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	NEW : Indian police say they have stepped up security The warning came a day after 2 tourists are shot Gunmen on a motorcycle fire multiple rounds at a tour bus Both victims are Taiwanese nationals
CNN  -- Family members of passengers aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 faced an agonizing wait for answers , as the aircraft remained unaccounted for more than a day after it was scheduled to land . In China , home of most of the 239 people on board , relatives of the passengers gathered in a conference room at a hotel complex in the Lido district of Beijing . They grew increasingly frustrated Sunday as the wait continued . More than 100 people signed a hand-written petition that demanded "  truth " from the airline by Sunday evening . They also urged the Chinese government to help them deal with Malaysian authorities . More family members arrived Sunday . Video from Reuters showed Malaysia Airlines personnel in Beijing , where Flight 370 was headed , helping family members apply for expedited passports so they could fly to Kuala Lumpur early this week . Zhang Guizhi , aunt of passenger Li Yan , told CNN that she had arrived from her native Henan province in central China and remained uncertain about how the airline would help her obtain a passport to travel to wherever the plane is found . She started crying when she mentioned that her 31-year-old niece had traveled to Malaysia with her husband and four friends for vacation . A man who identified himself as the brother-in-law of passenger Ding Lijun said he had just arrived from Tianjin . He teared up when he said Ding had been working in Malaysia as a construction worker for a year and was taking his first trip home . What happened to Flight 370 ? On Saturday , a young woman from the nearby port city of Tianjin broke down in tears as she told CNN that her boyfriend was on board the flight . They had plans to marry , she said . Another woman wailed for her missing son as she was led inside . "  My son was only 40 years old , " she cried . "  My son , my son . What am I going to do ? " A man who identified himself as a friend of passenger Yang Jiabao showed reporters the missing man 's driver 's license in the hope it might help authorities find the man . Acting Malaysian Transportation Minister Hishammuddin Hussein said he met with families in Malaysia on Sunday . "  It has been another long day . Thank you all for your thoughtful prayers . Hope will get us through the days ahead , " he tweeted . Plane bore painters , pilgrims , others from around the world Families reeling Late Saturday evening , family members met with a Malaysia Airlines delegation that had been dispatched to the Chinese capital to provide support and information . At a news conference in the early hours of Sunday , Ignatius Ong , CEO of Malaysia Airlines subsidiary Firefly and spokesman for the airline 's management group , announced that immediate families should head to Kuala Lumpur . The airline would cover their travel expenses and would fly the relatives to the plane 's location "  once the whereabouts of the aircraft is determined , " he said . Chinese media reported Sunday that the airline announced it would help next of kin get passports if needed and was planning to fly the first group to Kuala Lumpur on Tuesday . With at least 12 nationalities on board , Flight 370 's disappearance left families around the world reeling . Besides the Chinese passengers -- who , according to Chinese state media , included a delegation of painters and calligraphers returning from an exhibition and a group of Buddhists returning from a religious gathering -- the flight carried passengers from Malaysia , India , Indonesia , Australia , the United States , France , New Zealand , Ukraine , Canada , Russia and the Netherlands . The Canadians have been identified as Muktesh Mukherjee , 42 , vice president of China operations for Xcoal Energy & Resources , and his wife Bai Xiaomo , 37 . The couple , who once lived in Montreal , lived in Beijing with their two young boys , the Canadian broadcaster CTV reported Sunday . Stolen passports The airline 's manifest showed the passengers hailed from 14 countries , but later it was learned that two people named on the manifest -- an Austrian and an Italian whose passports had been stolen -- were not aboard the plane . The plane was carrying five children younger than 5 years old , the airline said . Stolen passports raise questions Mei Ling Chng is believed to have been one of the people onboard . A Malaysian national who has been living in Pennsylvania since 2010 , she worked as a process engineer , according to Tracy Kilgore , spokeswoman at Eastman Chemical Company , where Chng works . "  As you can imagine this has been a very shocking and sad situation , and our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of all aboard the missing flight and in particular to those of our co-worker , " the spokeswoman said . The family of Philip Wood , one of three Americans identified as among the missing , issued a statement describing him as "  a man of God , a man of honor and integrity . His word was gold . " "  Incredibly generous , creative and intelligent , Phil cared about people , his family , and above all , Christ , " the family said . "  Though our hearts are hurting , we know so many families around the world are affected just as much as us by this terrible tragedy . " Texas-based firm Freescale Semiconductor confirmed that 20 employees were passengers on Flight 370 . Twelve are from Malaysia and eight from China , the company said Saturday . "  At present , we are solely focused on our employees and their families , " Freescale 's president and CEO Gregg Lowe said in the statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by this tragic event . " Later , the company tweeted : "  Your thoughtful words and prayers for Freescale families and friends affected by MH370 give comfort . " The company was making counselors available with around-the-clock support for employees affected by the tragedy , the statement said . First officer was transitioning to 777-200s CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Serena Dong , Yuli Yang and Dayu Zhang in Beijing contributed to this report .	The family of Philip Wood describes him as a man of God , honor and integrity Malaysian transport minister meets with relatives of passengers in his country About two-thirds of the passengers on board Flight 370 hail from China or Taiwan Families of passengers at a Beijing hotel demand "  truth " from officials
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Opponents of a bill that would overhaul the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act blocked consideration Thursday of the controversial bill until after the July 4 recess . Sen. Russ Feingold , D-Wisconsin , says the FISA overhaul legislation is "  deeply flawed . " Senate Democratic leaders announced the delay because of a filibuster spearheaded by Sens. Russ Feingold , D-Wisconsin , and Chris Dodd , D-Connecticut . But the measure is expected to pass by a large margin with the support of both major parties ' presumptive presidential nominees , Sen. Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain . Language that appears likely to let telecommunications companies escape lawsuits over the Bush administration 's warrantless surveillance program has drawn sharp opposition from liberal Democrats such as Feingold and Dodd . "  I 'm pleased we were able to delay a vote on FISA until after the July 4 holiday instead of having it jammed through , " Feingold said . "  I hope that over the July 4 holiday , senators will take a closer look at this deeply flawed legislation and understand how it threatens the civil liberties of the American people . It is possible to defend this country from terrorists while also protecting the rights and freedoms that define our nation . " "  I 'm pleased that consideration of the FISA Amendments Act has been delayed until after the 4th of July recess , " Dodd said . "  I urge my colleagues to take this time to listen to their constituents and consider the dangerous precedent that would be set by granting retroactive immunity to the telecommunications companies that may have engaged in President Bush 's illegal wiretapping program . "  When and if FISA does come back to the Senate floor , I will offer my amendment to strip the retroactive immunity provision out of the bill . I implore my colleagues to support the rule of law and join me in voting against retroactive immunity . " The House of Representatives voted last week to overhaul FISA , which requires a secret court to sign off on domestic electronic surveillance in intelligence cases . The law was passed in 1978 in response to Watergate-era wiretapping abuses . The Bush administration and the bill 's supporters argue that modern technology requires that the law be updated to allow intelligence agencies to spy on phone or Internet traffic overseas that might be routed through switches in the United States . "  As telecommunications technology has changed , intelligence agencies have been presented with collection opportunities inside the United States against targets overseas , " said Sen. Jay Rockefeller , the Democratic chairman of the Intelligence Committee . "  Yet because of the way FISA was written in 1978 , they could not take full advantage of these new opportunities . " Supporters say the new bill requires court oversight of communications intercepts and will prevent presidents from launching another program like the one the Bush administration acknowledged in 2005 . Obama , who had said he would oppose any bill that would toss out lawsuits against the phone companies , has said he will support the new proposal . He said it makes sure that in the future , "  somebody 's watching the watchers . " "  Given that all the information that I 've received is that the underlying program itself actually is important and useful to American security , as long as it has these constraints on them , I felt that it was more important for me to go ahead and support this compromise , " Obama said Wednesday in Chicago , Illinois . President Bush acknowledged in 2005 that he ordered the secretive National Security Agency to intercept communications between U.S. residents and people overseas suspected of having ties to terrorism . The administration insists that the program was authorized when Congress approved military action against al Qaeda after the terrorist network 's 2001 attacks . But Democrats and some leading Republicans in Congress say it violated FISA , which required intelligence agencies to get court approval before spying on Americans . The revelations led to several lawsuits against the phone companies that cooperated with the program by people who suspect they were targets of the wiretaps . The Bush administration has refused to share records of the program with federal courts , invoking a "  state secrets " privilege .	Democratic Sens. Russ Feingold , Chris Dodd lead filibuster against bill They urge their peers to reconsider the legislation over the July 4 recess Measure is expected to pass with a large margin and support of Obama , McCain House voted last week to overhaul 1978 legislation
CNN  Ferguson 's police chief is gone . So is the city manager . And the top court clerk was fired for sending racist emails . But are these high-level changes enough to satisfy all residents ? Absolutely not , they say . Protesters amassed in front of the Ferguson Police Department on Wednesday night , demanding the entire force be disbanded and calling for Mayor James Knowles to step down . "  Racist cops have got to go , " some chanted . "  The people , united , will never be defeated , " others said . Amid the protests , two officers were shot -- one in the face , the other in the shoulder . They were hospitalized in serious condition , and it 's not clear who the shooter was . So what will it take to calm Ferguson ? DeRay McKesson told CNN that protesters want the entire police department dissolved . McKesson was part of a group that appeared to be the largest crowd since November when a grand jury decided not to indict Officer Darren Wilson for shooting Michael Brown , an unarmed black teenager . The killing was the spark that started a national wildfire of dialogue about police brutality . Many have decried rampant racism within the Ferguson Police Department . And a scathing 102-page Justice Department report backed up some of their claims -- citing widespread and systemic discrimination against blacks , including targeting them disproportionately for tickets . On Wednesday , Police Chief Thomas Jackson announced he 's stepping down , effective March 19 . He 'll still get one year 's worth of pay and insurance . CNN legal analyst Mark O'Mara said the entire department needs to be gutted . "  The Department of Justice report revealing unquestionable racist bias that permeated the entire department can not be ignored , and the problems it reveals can not be fixed from the inside , " O'Mara wrote . "  If there are a few good cops in the Ferguson Police Department , they need to leave , and they need to go elsewhere to continue their proud law enforcement career without being overshadowed by their involvement in a poisoned organization . " But city officials believe the police department can be reformed without being eliminated , the mayor told reporters . "  We continue to go through that report and talk about where the breakdown was , " Knowles said . "  The city of Ferguson looks to become an example of how a community can move forward in the face of adversity , " he added . "  We are committed to keeping our police department and having one that exhibits the highest degree of professionalism and fairness . " Even if protesters get their wishes -- the resignation of Knowles and the disbanding of the police department -- they still wo n't get what they originally wanted : charges against Wilson . A local grand jury decided not to indict Wilson in November for the shooting death of Brown , who died August 9 . The Justice Department launched its own investigation to see if there were any federal civil rights violations . "  There is no evidence upon which prosecutors can rely to disprove Wilson 's stated subjective belief that he feared for his safety " when he shot Brown , the Justice Department report said . Wilson resigned from the police department in November , citing security concerns . But he remains a controversial figure in Ferguson . When resident Sue Schmidt defended Wilson at Tuesday 's City Council meeting , she heard vocal objections from the crowd . "  I 'd like to say a lot of people in this room owe Darren Wilson an apology , " Schmidt said , prompting laughter by some in the audience . "  The same Justice report that you 're basing all your opinions on cleared him 100 % . " It 's not clear who else may resign or get fired after the critical Justice Department report , which said Ferguson operated a vertically integrated system -- from street cop to court clerk to judge to city administration and City Council -- to raise revenue through increased ticketing and fining . Read the Department of Justice report The investigators also found evidence of racist jokes being sent around by Ferguson police and court officials . One November 2008 email said President Barack Obama would n't likely be President for long because "  what black man holds a steady job for four years . " Another email joked that African-American women should use abortion to control crime . "  Our investigation has not revealed any indication that any officer or court clerk engaged in these communications was ever disciplined , " the Justice Department 's report said . After the report came out , the city 's top court clerk was fired for sending racist emails , and two others were being investigated , the mayor said . But the mayor has n't resigned -- to the ire of many protesters Wednesday night . "  You got rid of Jackson , but we want Knowles " gone , protester Kayla Reed said . Knowles said other reforms are already underway in an attempt to "  move this city , its residents and our entire community forward . " But the community is clearly at odds about how to move forward .	Two officers are shot in Ferguson overnight Police Chief Thomas Jackson 's resignation is effective March 19 Protesters want the entire department gutted and for the mayor to resign
Beijing  CNN  -- China 's legislature meets this week to seal a power transfer to new leaders , but do n't hold your breath for signs that the new team will ease up on the tough Chinese foreign policy that has ruffled feathers in its neighborhood recently . As the National People 's Congress opened in Beijing , Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs Fu Ying warned that the country had sent an "  important signal " to the region that it would respond "  decisively " to provocations on territorial disputes . That means we can expect Beijing to continue with its "  reactive assertiveness " foreign policy tactic . China has perfected this approach in its ongoing maritime disputes in the South and East China Seas . The approach allows Beijing to use perceived provocations as a chance to change the status quo in its favor -- all the while insisting the other party started the trouble . In Beijing 's eyes , it is a means of satisfying domestic pressure for a tougher foreign policy to match its economic might , all while trying to cling to the mantra of peaceful development . But this juggling act does not always work , and a number of countries in the region are giving up on the notion of a peacefully rising China . The prolonged deadlock with Japan over the sovereignty of a few islets offers a vivid example of this approach . In September , the Japanese government bought from a private owner three of the disputed islands -- called Senkaku by Japan and Diaoyu by China -- in the East China Sea . Japan says it purchased the islands to prevent the hardline Tokyo mayor from acquiring them and carrying out a plan to build there . Beijing interpreted the move as a betrayal of the two countries ' agreement to shelve the dispute , and the subsequent months witnessed a string of Chinese retaliations that have kept tensions in the East China Sea simmering . China 's retaliatory measures , termed "  combination punches " by the state media , ranged from the verbal -- leaders labeling Japan 's purchase of the islands a "  farce " and vowing to "  never yield an inch " -- to economic pressure , large-scale anti-Japan protests and naval exercises in the East China Sea . But the game-changer came when Beijing declared its territorial baselines around the islands , a move that legally places them under Chinese administration . Once the announcement was made , China began to regularly dispatch law enforcement vessels to patrol waters off the disputed islands , directly challenging Japan 's de facto control of the area for the past 40 years . Such is the new normal , claim Chinese officials . But Beijing did not stop there . It sent a reconnaissance flight directly over the disputed islands , and Japan responded by scrambling fighter jets . The Chinese navy and air force have intensified their reconnaissance missions and drills in the East China Sea and , according to Japan , even locked weapons-guiding radar on Japanese military assets , claims China denied . Despite these actions , officials in Beijing have repeatedly stated that Tokyo started all the troubles and must accept full blame . Now , analysts in Beijing claim that a "  Pandora 's Box " has been opened , and there is no going back to the tacit agreement that has kept peace in the East China Sea for decades . Similar heavy-handed action was used against the Philippines in a spat over the Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea in April 2012 . When Manila maladroitly responded to a fishing run-in by sending a warship , China took the opportunity to strengthen its claim over the disputed shoal by deploying law enforcement vessels to the area , extending its annual unilateral fishing ban to cover the waters around the shoal ; quarantining tropical fruit imports from the Philippines and suspending tourism ; and roping off the mouth of the lagoon to keep out other fishermen . By maintaining regular law enforcement patrols and preventing Filipino fishermen from entering those waters , China has managed to establish a new status quo in its favor . A similar blueprint was then used in response to a maritime law passed by Vietnam in June 2012 that covered the disputed Spratley and Paracel Islands . Before the ink on the law had dried , China upgraded the administrative status of Sansha City , encompassing a group of disputed islands in the South China Sea , and established a military garrison . The development of Sansha City has continued apace . Following the central government 's provision of 10 billion yuan  $ 1.6 billion  for the construction of the city , Sansha officials are said to be considering plans to build more ports , open casinos and create an offshore tax haven . By all accounts , new leader Xi Jinping has played a key role in crafting China 's response in its maritime disputes and was central to Beijing 's response to Japan 's island purchase announcement . He was put in charge of a maritime security leading group in mid-2012 , then the "  Office to Respond to the Diaoyu Crisis " in September . After taking control of both the communist party and the military in November , his rhetoric essentially formalized the reactive assertive tactic by repeating the importance of "  peaceful development " while pledging zero tolerance for those who would harm China 's "  sovereignty , security or development interests . " That is not to say that Beijing is necessarily looking for external troubles , as it remains preoccupied with maintaining the momentum of economic development and preventing domestic problems from erupting into potentially destabilizing unrest . But unfortunately , there is little appetite in Beijing for blunting the edge of China 's "  reactively assertive " foreign policy . If anything , opinions are going the other way . As Fu Ying , Vice Minister for Foreign Affairs , put it : When facing provocations , the Chinese public "  hopes that China will be even more assertive . " If there is any perceived slight , no matter how minor , expect China to pounce . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephanie Kleine-Ahlbrandt .	China has warned it will respond "  decisively " to provocations on territorial disputes There are signs Beijing will stick to its policy of "  reactive assertiveness " China 's leaders are meeting at the National People 's Congress in Beijing Xi Jinping is expected to formally assume China 's presidency
CNN  -- Art enthusiasts ranging from aficionados to the causal tourist queued up in New York on Wednesday to catch a glimpse of Norwegian artist Edvard Munch 's "  The Scream , " which went on display in Manhattan 's Museum of Modern Art for a six-month exhibition . The exhibit opened Wednesday and runs through April 2013 . "  Seeing it in real life is so special , " said Julianna Rees , a San Francisco resident who attended the opening . The iconic work fetched nearly $ 120 million at Sotheby 's auction house in May . Previously , the most expensive artwork ever sold there was Pablo Picasso 's painting "  Nude , Green Leaves and Bust , " which brought in $ 106.5 million two years ago . The previous record for a Munch work of art tallied just over $ 38 million . Dubbed "  the portrait of a soul " and "  the face that launched 1,000 therapists , " "  The Scream " depicts a distorted human figure -- hands flat against its sunken face , eyes and mouth wide open -- in the foreground of a nightmarish landscape .	The exhibit opened Wednesday and runs through April 2013 The iconic work fetched nearly $ 120 million at Sotheby 's auction house in May The previous record for a Munch work of art tallied just over $ 38 million
CNN  -- Another cruise ship , another problem with malfunctioning toilets . This time , Carnival Corp. subsidiary Princess Cruises had passengers feeling the impact of toilets that would n't flush . On April 11 , the cruise line 's Crown Princess was on a seven-day Caribbean cruise when a blockage within the ship 's vacuum toilet system rendered 410 stateroom toilets inoperable from 5 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. , according to Princess Cruises spokeswoman Karen Candy . The ship has more than 1,500 cabins . "  A small number of passengers continued to experience problems over the next few days which were addressed by the shipboard technical team , " Candy wrote in an e-mail . The ship 's itinerary was n't affected by the flushing problems , and affected passengers were offered $ 50 apiece in compensation , Candy wrote . "  The blockages have been addressed and we are continuing to review the situation to ensure that the system is working with optimum pressure levels . " Although Candy did n't answer questions about the cause of the problem , members of the CruiseCritic.com website discussed the possibility of passengers tossing prohibited objects into the toilets and causing the blockage . "  Toilet problems can happen on any ship when passengers flush the wrong things down the toilet , " wrote member Astro Flyer , who was not aboard the Crown Princess . In February , an engine room fire left the Carnival Triumph adrift in the Gulf of Mexico , with passengers reporting overflowing toilets and human waste running down the walls in some parts of the ship . On a March cruise , the Carnival Dream lost power , and some toilets stopped working . Both ships are part of Carnival Cruise Line , another subsidiary of Carnival Corp. . Candy wrote that "  passengers were kept continuously updated about the progress of the repairs . " But a CruiseCritic member posting under the handle EB and Curly said they were in an affected cabin and "  were never informed as to the status of repairs . " However , they were "  only totally without a toilet for about 24 hours . It did overflow one night and we had to call maintenance to come up at 1:00 a.m. " CruiseCritic.com reported that the ship left Galveston , Texas , on April 13 for its scheduled trans-Atlantic repositioning cruise to Europe .	A ship in the Carnival Corp. portfolio experienced toilet problems on a recent sailing Princess Cruises ' Crown Princess had non-working toilets in 410 staterooms Affected passengers received a $ 50 credit
CNN  Ursula Ward kept repeating her son 's name -- Odin . She steadied herself against the podium in the Fall River , Massachusetts , courtroom and occasionally paused . She was tired after more than two years of pain , punctuated Wednesday when her son 's killer , Aaron Hernandez , was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison . Odin Lloyd was her first born , her only son . "  Odin was the backbone of the family . Odin was the man of the house . Odin was his sisters ' keeper , " Ward told Judge Susan Garsh , before Garsh sentenced the former pro-football player . Lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in June 2013 . He played football for the Boston Bandits , the oldest semi-pro team in Boston and the winner of four championships in the New England Football League , according to the team 's website . His mother , sister , uncle and cousin described him as a champion of family , a gifted athlete and a hard worker with a sense of humor . They said he rode his bike several miles to get to work . He went to all of his niece 's recitals . "  Odin was my first best gift I  will  ever receive , " his mother said . "  I thank God  for  every second and every day of my son 's life that I spent with him . "  The day I laid my son Odin to rest , " she continued , pausing to maintain her composure , "  I think my heart stopped beating for a moment . I felt like I wanted to go into that hole with my son , Odin . " She can still hear him talking to her : " ` Ma , did you cook ? Ma , go to bed . Ma , you 're so beautiful . ' " Ed Lloyd followed Ward to address the judge . Odin Lloyd 's uncle thanked everyone who worked on the case against Hernandez . His nephew , he said , "  meant a lot to me . " "  To see how he grew , the respect he had , the toughest thing for me is that I wo n't get to see him have a child ... , " Ed Lloyd said . He loved watching his nephew and his son together . "  A lot of people wo n't see from the outside the value and the riches  Odin Lloyd  had , " he said . "  I 'm sorry for where I stand today but I know that all the time I had with him was special and he 'll always be with me . " Who was Odin Lloyd ? Odin Lloyd 's sister Olivia Thibou wept as she explained what it has felt like to lose her brother . "  These last couple years have been the hardest of our lives , " she said , recalling that she was asked to writer her brother 's eulogy . "  I got to write all the great memories I have of him . " She laughed , recalling his insistence on wearing the same Adidas flip-flops until the soles wore away . He was "  prideful , " she said . He would take her car out and just when she was starting to angry , he 'd pull in with the car shining and clean , inside and out . He taught her daughter how to ride a bike . His murder , she said , "  feels like a bad dream . " Ward told the court that she constantly thinks about her son . "  I miss my baby boy Odin so much , " she said . "  But I know I 'm going to see him again someday and that has given me the strength to go on . " She has also apparently gained strength from the act of forgiveness . "  I forgive the hands of the people that had a hand in my son 's murder , " she said . "  I pray and hope that someday everyone out there will forgive them also . " What 's next for Aaron Hernandez ?	Ursula Ward talks about the shock and pain of her son 's murder Odin Lloyd 's sister said her brother 's death has felt like ' a bad dream '
CNN  -- The battle continues . A new preview for "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part 1 " was released Wednesday . Titled "  Choice , " it shows Jennifer Lawrence 's Katniss learning that Peeta  Josh Hutcherson  is alive and advising the rebels to "  lay down their weapons . " Of course , there is plenty of action , as the warrior teen assures her supporters that she is there to help them fight the Capitol . The clip was released at the same time as the track list for the soundtrack . Curated by singer Lorde , it 's out November 17 . Lorde tweeted , "  The people on this soundtrack are true heroes , and you 're gon na be mindblown when you hear what they 've created . " The list for the 14-song "  Mockingjay " soundtrack , according to Mashable : • Stromae : "  Meltdown "  ft. Lorde , Pusha T , Q-Tip , Haim • Chvrches : "  Dead Air " • Tove Lo : "  Scream My Name " • Charli XCX : "  Kingdom  ft. Simon Bon •  to be announced • Raury : "  Lost Souls " • Lorde : "  Yellow Flicker Beat " • Tinashe : "  The Leap " • Bat for Lashes : "  Plan the Escape " • Grace Jones : "  Original Beast " • Lorde : "  Flicker "  Kanye West Rework • XOV : "  Animal " • The Chemical Brothers : "  This Is Not a Game "  ft. Miguel • Lorde : "  Ladder Song " "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay -- Part 1 " hits theaters on November 21 .	The new clip is titled "  Choice " Singer Lorde has curated the soundtrack ` Mockingjay : Part 1 " hits theaters November 21
CNN  -- Al-Jazeera cameraman Sami al-Hajj arrived home in the Sudanese capital of Khartoum early Friday after nearly six years in the U.S. Navy prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Al-Jazeera cameraman Sami al-Hajj at a hospital in Khartoum after his release from Guantanamo Bay . "  I was so happy that I cried , " al-Hajj told the Qatar-based Arabic news network by phone from his hospital room , where he was taken after arriving at the airport . "  It is our right to be happy and to rejoice , but we also miss our brothers that we left behind and who live in very difficult conditions . " An official with the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum said the transfer brought to an end a matter that the United States and Sudan considered to be "  of great mutual concern . " Al-Hajj , a Sudanese citizen in his late 30s , was captured in Afghanistan in December 2001 by Pakistani intelligence officers and handed over to the United States , which accused him of being an "  enemy combatant . " A senior Pentagon official confirmed the journalist 's release . Al-Hajj was held without being charged or given a trial , Al-Jazeera reported . The cameraman was on a legitimate assignment and carried a work visa at the time of his capture , the network said . It also reported that the U.S. plane that carried al-Hajj had about 20 other former detainees aboard who also had been released from Guantanamo Bay . The plane dropped off a Moroccan national , identified as Al-Saeed Bou Jaadiya , the network said . Al-Jazeera aired video showing a bearded al-Hajj being carried from the plane in Khartoum by U.S. military personnel and laid on a stretcher . He was transported to Al-Amal Hospital . "  He was brought in here by ambulance and entered to the intensive care unit on a stretcher , " said Al-Jazeera Director General Wadah Khanfar from the hospital . "  He was exhausted and very sick , and he 's receiving the necessary care in the hospital . " Khanfar said he was awaiting word from doctors on his medical condition . In a statement , U.S. Charge D'Affaires Alberto Fernandez of the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum said the transfer "  is a result of many factors and the work of many hands . An important one was the cooperation between the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum and the Sudanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the National Intelligence and Security Service . " Al-Hajj had been on a hunger strike for more than a year and was being force-fed , said Zachary Katznelson , a lawyer who has worked on al-Hajj 's case since August 2005 and last visited him three weeks ago . "  Al-Hajj is remarkably thin , " Katznelson said . "  He looks like an ill man . " The journalist was conscious , but did not appear to speak to anyone as paramedics rolled his stretcher inside . Family members stooped to kiss him as the gurney passed . "  I would have hoped they were here with me now . I look forward to the moment , " al-Hajj said told Al-Jazeera before being reunited with his family . Earlier , al-Hajj 's wife spoke to the network about his release . "  Now I can think differently , " Asma Ismailov said . "  Now I can plan my life differently . Everything will be all right , God willing . " Al-Hajj 's young son , Mohammed , said he would "  kiss his head " when he sees his father . "  I 'll tell him that I love him and I need him . " The Sudanese government told Al-Jazeera that al-Hajj faced no charges in Sudan and is a free man . The network also said the United States placed some conditions on al-Hajj 's release , including one that prevents him from any political activity . Reporters Without Borders , which campaigned for al-Hajj 's release , said in a statement that the cameraman "  never should have been held so long . " "  U.S. authorities never proved that he had been involved in any kind of criminal activity , " the worldwide press freedom group said . The organization said al-Hajj was accused of gun-smuggling for al Qaeda and running an Islamist Web site , although no evidence supporting those charges was produced . "  We are delighted that Sami al-Hajj can finally be reunited with his family and friends , " said Joel Simon , executive director of the Committee to Protect Journalists . "  But his detention for six years , without the most basic due process , is a grave injustice and represents a threat to all journalists working in conflict areas . " E-mail to a friend	Sami al-Hajj arrives home in Sudan and is taken to hospital , network says Pakistani intelligence officers captured him in Afghanistan in December 2001 Al-Hajj was transferred to U.S. custody and held without charges or trial Al-Jazeera said he was on an assignment when he was apprehended
CNN  -- Two veteran California sheriff 's deputies were killed in a shooting rampage in two counties that began Friday morning when one deputy was shot in the forehead while confronting a suspicious vehicle , authorities said . The first officer was Sacramento County Deputy Danny Oliver , 47 , who with his partner engaged the male and female suspects in a Motel 6 parking lot in Sacramento , said Sacramento County Sheriff Scott Jones . The suspects fired several rounds , and Oliver was n't able to return fire , though his partner did as the suspects fled the scene shortly before 10:30 a.m.  1:30 p.m. ET  , Jones said . Oliver was a 15-year officer with a wife and two daughters , Jones said . The suspects fled to nearby Placer County , where two deputies were shot , authorities said . One of them later died , the California Highway Patrol said on Twitter . Placer County Sheriff Ed Bonner said it was "  an incredibly difficult day " as he identified the deceased deputy as 42-year-old Michael David Davis Jr. , who had served in law enforcement since 1996 -- the last 10 years as a homicide investigator . His death came 26 years later to the day his father , a Riverside County sheriff 's deputy , was killed in the line of duty . Davis leaves behind a wife and four children . Before heading to Placer County , one of the suspects shot a motorist in the head while the pair tried to hijack his car , Jones said . The motorist 's condition was n't immediately known , Jones said . The motorist fought the carjacking , and "  by his falling back  into his car  , that could explain why the suspect was unable to carjack that vehicle , " the sheriff said . The suspects carjacked a different vehicle , a red Ford F-150 , authorities said . At some point , police received a tip that the suspects changed their clothes , Jones said . The suspected gunman was later arrested at a home in Auburn , CNN affiliate KCRA reported . The female suspect was apprehended earlier , but details were not immediately available . KCRA identified the male suspect as 34-year-old Marcelo Marquez , citing Placer County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Dena Erwin . In Sacramento , Oliver was shot at "  relatively close range as they were approaching the vehicle , and he was not able to return fire or anything , " Jones said . Oliver 's partner does n't know whether he hit the suspect , Jones said . "  We do n't know what the motive is , " Jones said of the rampage . CNN 's Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspects are in police custody NEW : Placer County sheriff IDs deputy killed as Michael David Davis Jr. . Sacramento Deputy Danny Oliver , a 15-year officer , also is killed A civilian motorist is shot during a failed carjacking
CNN  -- A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission must make a decision on whether to issue a permit for the long-term nuclear waste storage project at Nevada 's Yucca Mountain , throwing into question plans to shutter the facility . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , in a 2-1 decision , ordered the commission to decide whether to approve or reject the application for the storage project . "  At this point , the Commission is simply defying a law enacted by Congress , and the Commission is doing so without any legal basis , " the order read . Yucca Mountain -- 100 miles northwest of Las Vegas -- was to be the solution to the U.S. nuclear waste problem : a final destination for the tons of hazardous nuclear waste accumulating at commercial reactors in 33 states . In 1987 , Congress directed the Department of Energy to dispose of waste in the mountain beginning in 1998 . But political opposition to the plan has been relentless , and the Energy Department was unable to meet the deadline . In 2008 , the Energy Department submitted a license application to the NRC seeking to construct a nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain , with a goal of opening it in 2017 , a date later delayed until 2020 . In March of 2009 , following the election of President Barack Obama , the secretary of energy announced plans to terminate the Yucca Mountain project . The NRC has argued that the $ 11 million Congress appropriated for the permit application is insufficient and that Congress will not provide the additional funds necessary to complete the application . The NRC 's Atomic Safety and Licensing Board suspended the application until there was enough money to make progress . But in the court 's view , the appropriation bill is a mandate by Congress to proceed with the licensing process , regardless of the approval of additional funds that may be needed . "  We would certainly hope that Congress would step in before the current $ 11.1 million is expended , so as to avoid wasting that taxpayer money . And Congress , of course , is under no obligation to appropriate additional money for the Yucca Mountain project , " the court order read .	In a 2-1 decision , judges order NRC to approve or reject the permit for the storage project There 's opposition to putting a long-term nuclear storage facility at Yucca Mountain In 2009 , the Energy Department announced plans to terminate the project The court says the NRC is defying the law by not making a decision
Five people were killed and scores of others were injured across Egypt on Friday as demonstrators supporting the Muslim Brotherhood clashed with police , the semiofficial Ahram Online news outlet reported . The demonstrations are just the latest by the Islamist group , which has regularly protested Egypt 's interim government since the Brotherhood-backed President Mohamed Morsy was ousted in a coup in July . The Muslim Brotherhood also has focused its ire on Egypt 's January 14-15 referendum on a new constitution that would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military . At least some of those who died Friday were protesters , Ahram Online reported . The outlet did n't say who caused the deaths . One protester was killed in Cairo 's Nasr City district , where demonstrators threw rocks and fireworks at police , who responded by firing tear gas , according to Ahram Online . Two protesters were fatally shot in clashes in the northern Egyptian city of Ismailia , about 125 kilometers  78 miles  northeast of the capital , Cairo , Ahram Online reported . One person was killed in Fayoum , southwest of Cairo , and another was killed in Alexandria , the news outlet reported . In Alexandria -- Egypt 's second-largest city , 175 kilometers  109 miles  northwest of Cairo -- police intervened after Muslim Brotherhood supporters clashed with civilian opponents , Ahram Online reported . The deaths come two days after the country 's Interior Ministry said at least two demonstrators were killed in Wednesday clashes with security forces in Alexandria . Muslim Brotherhood members have continued their protests even though the government declared the group a terrorist organization last month . The government has threatened to arrest anyone who attends Muslim Brotherhood protests or provides financial support to the organization . Supporters of the organization demand the reinstatement of Morsy , who became the country 's first democratically elected president in 2012 , and the full restoration of their political and social rights . The interim government blames the group for a series of coordinated attacks , including a recent bombing on a police headquarters that left 16 dead and more than 100 injured . The military ousted Morsy on July 3 after he was accused of pursuing an Islamist agenda and excluding other factions from the government . Morsy 's supporters say that the deposed president was n't given a fair chance and that the military has returned to the authoritarian practices of longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak , who was deposed in a popular uprising in 2011 . On the Muslim Brotherhood 's website , a Brotherhood-supported group called for "  million-man " marches against the government Friday and next Wednesday , the day that a trial against Morsy is expected to resume . In that trial , Morsy and others face charges stemming from December 2012 protests over a constitution he shepherded into effect . Egyptian authorities have accused Morsy and his staff of ordering supporters to attack protesters after guards and members of the Interior Ministry refused to do it . Morsy and four others are charged with inciting violence , but they are not accused of using force . Eleven others are charged with killing three men , torturing 54 people , using force and possessing weapons . Morsy says he does n't recognize the court 's authority , claiming he still is Egypt 's legitimate president . Last month , Morsy and 35 other members of the Muslim Brotherhood also were ordered to stand trial on accusations of collaborating with foreign organizations to commit terrorist acts and revealing defense secrets , according to the semiofficial al-Ahram newspaper . In that case , Morsy is accused of spying for the Palestinian group Hamas , which the United States classifies as a terrorist organization , and assisting in acts of terror inside Egypt , judicial sources told al-Ahram . Additionally , Morsy will face trial on suspicion of escaping from prison in 2011 , state media reported .	Muslim Brotherhood focusing ire on Egypt 's January referendum on new constitution The new constitution would ban religious parties and put more power in the military 's hands Members of the Islamist group have protested often since Mohamed Morsy 's ouster in July The Brotherhood wants Morsy back in power
CNN  -- Nearly a month has passed since a joint Honduran-U.S. drug raid fired upon a riverboat that survivors say was carrying civilians , not traffickers . Four were killed , including two pregnant women . The mission -- carried out aboard helicopters owned by the U.S. State Department and with support of Drug Enforcement Administration agents -- laid bare the reach of U.S. involvement in Honduran security missions , as well as its associated risks . The apparent error stirred some local outrage , but the sentiment did not spread to the capital . The Honduran government , publicly at least , has not reprimanded the United States for any role it may have had , or said anything about reconsidering its cooperation arrangement . It contrasts what is seen when civilians are killed in Pakistan , for instance , where tensions between the two nations are inflamed . Or , closer to home , imagine if Mexican security forces killed civilians in an operation with any level of U.S. support , said Christopher Sabatini , senior director of policy at the Americas Society/Council of the Americas . There would be people in the streets protesting and visible outrage , he said . The relatively muted reaction in Honduras to the May 11 incident in the country 's Mosquitia region , reveals much about the Central American country 's relationship with the United States and the dire security situation it faces , experts said . Honduras has the highest per capita homicide rate in the world ; it was 82.1 per 100,000 residents in 2011 . It is also becoming a hotspot for drug trafficking , as Mexican cartels push their operations south of their own border because of increased enforcement in their country . The boat shooting was part of the response to these problems . Hilda Lezama , the owner of the boat that was attacked , says she was transporting 13 passengers before dawn on the morning of May 11 on a river near the town of Ahuas , when the helicopters appeared overhead . Her boat was nearing the landing , and she had never had problems on this route in 26 years , so she did n't think anything when the dark was broken by lights from the choppers . In an instant , gunfire erupted and she jumped into the water . Her legs were hit . "  I do n't know how to swim , but somehow I made it to shore , " she recalled in a teleconference with reporters this week . "  I was swimming with God . " She held onto a branch in the water for three hours before help arrived , she said . The next thing she remembered she was in the hospital . The State Department this week said a preliminary investigation by Honduran authorities found that their security forces were justified in firing in self-defense . There was anger from the local population after the shooting , but it did not manifest itself at the national or international level . The New York Times detailed how , instead , local residents burned down four houses believed to belong to local drug traffickers . "  My sense is that Hondurans are finding themselves in a desperate situation and they really want U.S. cooperation , and that gives the U.S. some margin to make mistakes , " said Michael Shifter , president of the Inter-American Dialogue . Despite how worrying it is that an enforcement operation may have killed innocent civilians , the fact remains that Honduras is confronting a very violent time , he said . That said , even the Hondurans have their limits , and the incident should serve a warning to the United States . "  I think the U.S. will be well-advised to be very careful . This should be an alarm , " Shifter said . serious review and accountability needed "  There has to be a much greater sense of accountability . " Thus far , the U.S. government has downplayed its role in the shooting . The DEA was involved , but only in a supporting role , agency spokeswoman Dawn Dearden said . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland emphasized that the agents did not use force . "  No U.S. personnel fired any weapons . We were involved purely supporting and advising , " she said . Still , the type of cooperation between the U.S. and Honduras is unprecedented in some ways . Unlike other U.S. anti-drug aid , like Plan Colombia , there does not appear to be the same strict limits on the role of American agents , Sabatini said . Honduras has "  always been a strong security partner of the United States , and a willing one , " he said . The soft reaction to the Ahuas shooting boils down to a contradiction of Hondurans ' situation , said Eduardo Gamarra , professor of politics and international relations at Florida International University . Militarizing the war on drugs raises the possibility of civilians being killed , but at the same time , citizens wants security above all , he said . "  There is a very , very high possibility that errors will occur , mistakes are going to happen , and we will kill civilians , " he said . But , "  what average citizens in Honduras want is to be safe . " It 's a contradiction that he sees across the region . "  People distrust the police , but they want more police , " he said .	Witnesses say a joint Honduran-US drug raid killed civilians Reaction to the incident has not caused tensions between countries Honduras counts on US help to combat violence
It 's not the latest reality television show but real life for the Palin clan , at least according to reports from bloggers . A vaguely worded police report is less specific about what actually happened at a weekend social gathering in Alaska . The facts seem to go something like this : Members of the Palin family , including Sarah Palin , the former Alaska governor and 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee , attended a party Saturday night in Anchorage , where a large brawl broke out . It was also Todd Palin 's 50th birthday . Anchorage police confirmed they "  responded to a report of a verbal and physical altercation " near a home in Anchorage where a party was taking place . "  Alcohol was believed to have been a factor in the incident . Some of the Palin family members were in attendance at the party , " police spokeswoman Jennifer Castro said in a statement to CNN . More salacious details were reported by Alaska blogger Amanda Coyne , writing that Track Palin , Sarah Palin 's 25-year-old son , "  stumbles out of stretch Hummer " and sees an ex-boyfriend of his sister Willow 's . Coyne says that Track and the former boyfriend began arguing , the owner of the house intervened , and with the Palin women screaming , Bristol took several swings and Sarah Palin yelled , "  Do n't you know who I am ?! " CNN has not yet confirmed Coyne 's reporting . CNN has reached out to Palin for comment but has not heard back . The police said , "  None of the involved parties wanted to press charges at the time of the incident and no arrests were made at the scene . " Neither Palin 's social media accounts nor her online channel mention the party or an altercation . On Sunday , Palin posted a picture on Facebook for "  Todd 's birthday greeting a day late " because she said she was traveling . Palin spoke Friday evening at a Houston fundraiser for wounded veterans , giving her plenty of time to fly home and attend Saturday night 's shindig .	Sarah Palin and family attend a party in Anchorage on Saturday night , where a fight took place "  Alcohol was believed to have been a factor in the incident , " Anchorage police say No charges were pressed ; CNN has n't confirmed blog reports on brawl
CNN  -- There was French fever as Christophe Riblon won stage 18 of the Tour de France -- but it was Britain 's Chris Froome who extended his overall lead despite being handed a penalty . The famous Alpe d'Huez route asked more of the riders this year as , for the first time , the pack made a first ascent before descending back to the valley floor and then climbing the mountain for a second time . After an attacking ride , Froome fell foul of the energy-sapping conditions inside the last five kilometers of the 172-km route . The Briton sent his Sky team-mate Richie Porte back to the support car for food -- even though it is against the rules to ` feed ' inside the last 20 kilometers of a stage . Race officials handed Froome a 20-second penalty but the yellow jersey holder still stretched his lead over rival Alberto Contador to five minutes , 11 seconds . "  Richie was feeling a lot better than I was and I was running out of sugars towards the end , " explained Froome , who is aiming to win his first Tour de France after helping Sir Bradley Wiggins to the crown last year . "  I had to ask him to go back and grab me some sugars from the car . "  I was just getting in as best I could in those last few kilometers . I 'm not sure if it made any difference at that point in the race . "  It 's a horrible feeling and I 'm just happy to have come out with more of an advantage than I had at the start of the stage . "  This was definitely one of the harder days that we 've seen in this Tour but I think that 's to be expected : two times up Alpe d'Huez and this late in the race , it 's definitely a hard day . " With three stages left to go before the Tour reaches its climax on the streets of the French capital , Contador must also find an extra burst of energy . The Spaniard was unable to respond when Froome pushed on twice during the second ascent . "  I was n't on a good day , " said Contador . "  It was hot and very humid . But despite my setback I 've limited my losses . I hope to have better legs in the next few days . " The fans , many in colorful fancy-dress costumes , had squeezed along the stunning route despite the odd rain shower or two . French kisses They were rewarded with the first French stage winner on this year 's Tour as Riblon picked off tiring American Tejay Van Garderen inside the final two kilometers . "  When I was about eight years old , I saw on the TV a victory of a cyclist at Alpe d'Huez and I hoped that one day maybe I could do it too , " Riblon , who blew kisses to the crowd , said . "  When I saw at the start of the climb that Van Garderen attacked me I knew I could n't follow him . "  Three kilometers from the finish , I saw him and he did n't look good so I started to believe in my good stars . And I sprinted and the public supported me and I 'm in the sky ! " The riders must endure another test of stamina on stage 19 as they face a 204-km rollercoaster ride through the mountains .	Home crowd celebrate as the wait is over for first French winner on 2013 Tour de France Christophe Riblon makes a late strike to win grueling 18th stage Britain 's Chris Froome extends his overall lead over Spain 's Alberto Contador Froome penalised for breaking rules banning feeding in the last 20km of the stage
CNN  -- A year ago , employees at Boiron , a medical manufacturing company , wined and dined at the Ritz-Carlton Golf & Spa Resort overlooking the picturesque bay in Rose Hall , Jamaica , for their annual retreat . The InterContinental Montelucia Resort & Spa is subtly scaling back amid a sagging economy . This year , employees are saying goodbye to luxury as company President Ludovic Rassat moved the event to a more sensible location : the Sheraton Suites Philadelphia Airport . Many of his employees who live near the hotel are expected to sleep at home . "  It 's important to see we are making decisions for the good of the company , " Rassat said . "  At the end of the day , it 's going to be good for them . Their jobs are still going to be there . " With a mentality like Rassat 's pervading the business and leisure traveler psyche , luxury hotels are bleeding occupancy and revenue at a rate far worse than the travel slump experienced after September 11 , travel experts say . To overcome their financial woes , luxury hotels are dropping rates , giving customers incentives and finding ways to cut operating costs without compromising the integrity of their posh images . Starwood Hotel & Resorts , which owns the chic W and St Regis hotels , is offering existing and new members of its preferred guest program the opportunity to earn a free weekend night with two stays at any of Starwood 's hotels from May through July . Guests can use their free night through the end of September across Starwood 's brands , including many of the company 's luxury properties . This summer , Rosewood Hotels & Resorts , which operates five-star properties around the world , will offer customers who book particular packages free breakfast and a $ 100 resort credit . Washington 's Willard Intercontinental Hotel is offering a "  buy two nights , get a third night free " promotion for weekend stays through December . From December to February , occupancy in luxury hotels , a category that includes names such as the Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts and Ritz-Carlton Hotel Co. sunk more than 15 percent -- a steeper drop than at mid-level hotels , according to leading hotel industry watcher Smith Travel Research Inc. . The revenue generated from the available luxury rooms fell 23 percent in that same three-month period , according to the Smith Travel Research report . Meanwhile , there are 551,610 rooms opening this year amid sluggish consumer demand , according to a STR construction pipeline report in March . And when the economy rebounds , the luxury lodging segment will take longer to recover . "  Luxury hotels will lag behind the rest of the hotel industry , " said Bobby Bowers , senior vice president of operations at STR . "  They have ups and downs that are steeper than the industry as a whole . " PKF Consulting forecasts that the luxury hotel segment will stay in red ink until 2011 . Things have gotten so bad that some upscale-hotel owners across the country are delaying hotel construction to save money . Other developers are facing foreclosure or have scrapped future hotel plans altogether , industry experts say . Much of the luxury hotel business ' slowdown has been driven by guilt , some executives say . Business leaders fear that they might look too excessive by staying at an upscale hotel as pink slips and pay freezes become ubiquitous . One high-end resort in Amelia Island , Florida , had one of its business customers suggest that the hotel drop the word "  island " from its address to downplay the resort 's exclusive image . Many companies such as Starwood and Rosewood are trying to lure customers by giving free nights and dining and spa credits without significantly lowering room rates , which could tarnish their exclusive appeal . Hotel operators hope that offering guests free nights will encourage them to spend more money overall . Other hotels prefer bundling their rates in packages so it is difficult to tell how much the prices have dropped . "  They need to protect the image of their property , " explained Erik Herskind , a principle at Greenlight , a Dallas , Texas-based company that works with luxury hotels . "  They need to feel like even in this tough time , they are a prestigious place , so they are finding quiet ways to attract business and the right kind of business . " But other luxury hotels are dropping rates anyway , partnering frequently with online travel companies like Expedia Inc. 's Hotels.com in special sales featuring five-star hotels . Shaun Stewart , director of market management for Hotels.com , says the discounts make it the "  best time to upgrade " for travelers who have never lodged in luxury . Hit particularly hard by the recession is Las Vegas , Nevada , where luxury hotel rates have plummeted more than 30 percent , according to Hotels.com . For example , the Trump Hotel Collection , which is advertising with online travel companies for the first time , is touting prices of $ 89 a night at the opulent Trump International Hotel Las Vegas . The year-old luxury hotel sold rooms for about $ 200 before the economy crumbled . The company is also using Facebook and Twitter to appeal to a younger demographic , who can now afford to stay at their property . "  You have a couple of bad apples in the bag , " Melissa Brown , vice president of sales and marketing at Trump , said of luxury hotels that began to dramatically drop prices last year . "  Then we all have to fall with it . " Many luxury hotels , known for their extravagant pampering , amenities and services , are also making subtle cuts to save money . But they are careful not to scale back too much . InterContinental , owned by InterContinental Hotel Group , says a growing number of branches are replacing costly imported floral displays with arrangements from local vendors . Some gift baskets now have fresh fruit and bottled water rather than smoked salmon , cheeses and chocolates . Share prices at the company fell by 26 percent in 2008 while the company opened a record 430 hotels that year . At the InterContinental Montelucia Resort & Spa in Paradise Valley , Arizona , the hotel has made valet parking optional to reduce the number of employees working in the front . Instead , guests can park their cars . But cutting prices and services is a risky balancing act for luxury brands in the long run , warns Bob Caroll , a senior lecturer at the School of Hotel Administration at Cornell University . "  If you really are that much of a better property , consumers will start to wonder why your price is the same as a normal hotel , " Carroll said . "  But once consumers start to believe the lower price , luxury hotels may experience difficulty in raising prices when the economy recovers . It 's a double whammy . "	Occupancy in luxury hotels dropped 15 percent from December to February Executives are avoiding meetings at fancy resorts to cut costs and appear frugal Luxury hotels are offering free nights and spa credits to attract new customers Rates at luxury hotels in Las Vegas , Nevada , have dropped 30 percent
CNN  -- Heman Marion Sweatt and Abigail Noel Fisher both wanted to attend the University of Texas at Austin , and both claimed race was a primary reason for their rejection . They filed civil rights lawsuits and the Supreme Court ultimately agreed to hear their appeals , filed more than a half-century apart . Questions over academic competition , fairness , and demographics as well as the role of government in promoting political and social diversity populated their claims . But it is the key difference between the plaintiffs that now confronts the court : Sweatt was African-American , Fisher is white . The justices are poised to rule this month in Fisher 's appeal , possibly in coming days , on the use of race in college admissions . Sweatt 's 1950 case produced a landmark court ruling that set the stage for the eventual end of racial segregation in public facilities . The question around Fisher could come down to whether a majority believes affirmative action has run its course , no longer necessary in a country that has come far to confront its racially divisive past . "  There 's a good chance that affirmative action , at least in the case of education , is on the chopping block , " said Thomas Goldstein , a Washington appellate attorney and SCOTUSblog.com editor . Read selected quotes from arguments "  The Supreme Court 10 years ago approved the use of race as a factor . But it 's just changed . -LSB- Now retired Justice -RSB- Sandra Day O'Connor is n't there and she was the decisive vote . And the current conservative majority is just very suspicious of the use of race in government decision-making , " Goldstein said . Specifically in Fisher , do race-conscious admission policies at the University of Texas , the flagship state college , violate the rights of white applicants ? Other , similar cases on docket The timing of the decision is not lost on the justices . The court is also set to rule by month 's end on two other contentious appeals over classification -- voting rights enforcement , and same-sex marriage . Fisher sued the state university after her college application was rejected in 2008 when she was a high school senior in Sugar Land , Texas , outside Houston . She claims the individualized , discretionary admission policies violate her rights , and favor African-American and Hispanic applicants over whites and Asian-Americans . The state of Texas provides for a hybrid admission policy : Automatic acceptance to its university 's main campus in Austin for in-state students finishing in the top 10 percent of their high school class . Three quarters of the in-state student body gets in this way , which ensures a measure of non-subjective diversity . Fisher just missed that opportunity , so she had to compete in a separate pool of students seeking to attend the highly competitive school . It is that a selection process that is before the court . "  If any state action should respect racial equality , it is university admissions , " she and her lawyers told the high court in their written brief . "  Selecting those who will benefit from the limited places available at universities has enormous consequences . " The school , with a large 52,000 student body , defends the educational benefits of its "  holistic " policy of considering race as one of many factors -- including test scores , community service , leadership and work experience -- designed to create a diverse campus . "  We must have the flexibility to consider each applicant 's unique experiences and background so we can provide the best environment in which to educate and train the students who will be our nation 's future leaders , " said school administrators . A summary of major upcoming Supreme Court decisions Obama administration backs school The Obama administration agrees , and is backing the school , saying to grow a nation built on differing complexions and backgrounds will depend on future leaders "  who possess the understanding of diversity that is necessary to govern and defend the United States . " The NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund is among more than five dozen outside groups that filed legal briefs in support of the school . Many of them worry the conservative high court majority is poised to strike down or severely limit affirmative action . "  A broad ruling could have very far reaching effects and could possibly affect the pathway to opportunity for minority students at a range of universities , " said Debo Adegbile , the group 's special counsel . "  Not just at state universities , but at all institutions of higher education . " But groups opposed to the state 's policies think the time has come to rethink how affirmative action will be applied in the future , if at all . "  Using race in admissions decisions , to achieve diversity , amounts to stereotyping people by their race , " said Joshua Thompson of the conservative Pacific Legal Foundation , which filed a legal brief in support of Fisher . "  Racial diversity in a student body does not guarantee a diversity of experience and perspectives . It is unrealistic and wrong to try to pigeonhole people by their race . " A bigger debate A larger social debate is whether race-conscious policies serve their ultimate purpose -- to help minority students ultimately achieve success , especially in high-profile professional positions . "  What we 're seeing now is affirmative action is backfiring quite badly , " said Gail Heriot , a law professor at the University of San Diego and a member of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights . She and two fellow Commission members filed a brief , citing recent studies that race preferences are doing more harm than good , and suggesting there are fewer African-American professionals than would have been with race-neutral methods . "  The problem is what is called mismatch , " said Heriot . "  As a result of affirmative action , black students in particular , Hispanic students as well , are likely to go to a school where their entering credentials put them towards the bottom of the entering class , " at top schools like Harvard or Texas . Their lower grades as a result , said Heriot , means those students are much more likely to give up on the ambition to major in science , or go into medicine or the law . Many social scientists and civil groups , including the NAACP , reject that analysis . "  I think those studies and arguments do n't really jive with the real world , " said Adegbile . "  The admissions officers are best situated to make the determination and some of the tradeoffs , to have a mix of students that can accomplish all of the things that college and universities are engines to do . " The high court has had an evolving record on the discretion of state officials to decide who attends their institutions . The justices said in 2003 that state universities can narrowly tailor their admissions policies to consider an applicant 's race , to achieve a "  critical mass " of minority students . But they reaffirmed existing limits -- bans on the use of quotas , extra "  race " points in selective criteria , or "  balancing " measures to reflect the larger population . That landmark case from the University of Michigan is the subject of a separate pending high court case over a state ballot measure designed to eliminate any racial criteria . A divided federal appeals court had concluded the voter-approved ban on "  preferential treatment " at public colleges and universities was unconstitutional , and "  alters Michigan 's political structure by impermissibly burdening racial minorities . " The justices have accepted that case for review , and will hold oral arguments in the fall . It has the potential to complement , or surpass in impact , the separate Fisher case . But her appeal is complicated by the issue of "  standing " and whether Fisher should even be allowed to bring her lawsuit . Fisher graduated from another school She graduated last spring from Louisiana State University , where she went after being rejected by the University of Texas -- and school officials had argued she has no "  live " controversy or claim necessary for the high court to intervene . They said her only "  harm " would be trying to recoup nonrefundable application fees . Through her lawyers , Fisher said she did not want to be interviewed separately by CNN . But after October 's argument she told reporters , "  I hope the court rules that a student 's race and ethnicity should not be considered when applying to the University of Texas . " In hearing the case , the high court made no mention of whether the standing issue would affect its ultimate ruling . Another wildcard : Justice Elena Kagan will not participate in the case since she apparently had been briefed on the issue as the Obama administration 's solicitor general , before joining the high court . That leaves the possibility of a 4-4 ruling , meaning Fisher would not prevail , but leaving undecided the larger constitutional questions presented . The University of Texas proudly touts its diversity : The most recent freshman class is about 46 percent white , 25 percent Hispanic , 18 percent Asian , and 5 percent African-American . Some states , including California , do not allow race considerations in college admissions . The issue now before an arguably more conservative high court is whether the Texas policies should be re-evaluated , as states have had nearly a decade to re-evaluate such diversity considerations . Impact of Sweatt A final word about Sweatt . When the Houston mailman applied to the University of Texas in 1946 , no African-American at the time could be admitted to any law school in the state , and there were even no black-only law schools . School administrators cited the established white-only policies for their rejection and instead offered Sweatt an out-of-state scholarship . He refused and took his case to court . The high court unanimously found in favor of Sweatt and he became the first African-American ever ordered admitted to an all-white institution . His legal victory was an important legal landmark -- a building block that culminated three years later in the 1953 Brown v. Board case , where the justices ordered a permanent end to state-mandated public , racial segregation . Sweatt 's personal victory was bittersweet . He entered the UT law school , but later dropped out , following ill health as well as hostility from white classmates . He died in 1982 , and the Travis County civil courthouse in Austin was renamed in his honor . The current case is Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin  11-345  . Court transcript Audio recording of arguments	Supreme Court looks at case asking if admissions policies violate rights of white applicants Some groups worry conservative majority will strike down or severely limit affirmative action A larger debate is whether race-conscious policies serve their ultimate purpose of helping minority students Decision could come in coming days as part of busy end to Supreme Court term
Aboard the Italian air craft carrier Cavour , Mediterranean Sea  CNN  -- The top brass from the NATO military alliance roared in aboard five marine helicopters flying in tight formation , evoking memories of Francis Ford Coppola 's famous "  Flight of the Valkyries " scene from the film "  Apocalypse Now . " They landed on the windswept deck of an Italian aircraft carrier to inspect an armada of warships . Twenty-three ships -- including two submarines -- as well as thousands of sailors and airmen from a dozen countries assembled here off the coast of Sardinia to perform a series of joint naval exercises . But before ships , helicopters and fighter jets performed their maneuvers , commanders made the case to policy-makers for why European governments should maintain expensive navies in an era of economic austerity . NATO 's military commander , U.S. General Philip Breedlove , spoke of cost efficiency when he addressed a hanger full of fellow officers and diplomats from the 28-nation alliance . Warships , Breedlove argued , gave NATO the ability to practice "  engagement without embroilment . " The implication was that war weary members of the alliance could use their navies to strike enemies without necessarily placing ground troops in harm 's way . NATO forces have spent the last decade fighting Taliban militants in the arid mountains and deserts of Afghanistan . NATO 's deputy secretary general conceded that these were tough times to maintain costly fleets of warships . "  What we 're hoping to see as the financial crisis begins to improve is to see members of NATO collaborate more in developing military capabilities , to get more bang for the euro , more bang for the buck , " said Alexander Vershbow . Vershbow noted that the total number of ships in national navies -- including the U.S. Navy -- was shrinking . But he argued that retrenchment was due in part to efforts to modernize fleets in the 64-year-old alliance . The key , he and other NATO officials said , was to make warships "  multi-mission " vessels . The hosts of the exercises were keen to promote their aircraft carrier Cavour as an example of this versatility . The carrier first went out to sea in 2009 . It was designed to be dual purpose , able to function as a weapon of war the could be converted into a floating hospital . The Cavour fulfilled that humanitarian function in January 2010 , when it was dispatched to Haiti to treat victims of the earthquake that shattered Port-au-Prince . On a brilliant autumnal day in the Mediterranean Sea , however , it was combat capabilities that were on display . Harrier fighter jets demonstrated their abilities to vertically take off and land on the carrier . A team of Spanish special forces troops rappelled down a rope of off a hovering helicopter onto the deck of a ship simulating the rescue of hijacked merchant vessel . The Turkish frigate Salihrais lobbed shells from the cannon on its bow into the sea hundreds of meters away . Deterrence ` necessary ' In addition to operations in Afghanistan and missions to stop Somali piracy in the Indian Ocean , NATO forces led the bombing campaign to overthrow Moammar Gadhafi in Libya in 2011 . Two years later , the alliance clearly does not have the political will to intervene directly in the most urgent crisis threatening the region , the civil war in Syria . "  The situation in Syria has not generated the same kind of consensus that we saw in Libya two years ago in favor of international intervention , " said deputy secretary general Vershbow . Thus far , NATO has confined its efforts to deploying Patriot missile battalions from the Netherlands , Germany and the U.S. to member country Turkey . Since last January , the battalions have been poised near the Syrian border with the mission of protecting Turkish cities from the possible threat of Syrian ballistic missile attacks . But Vershbow and other military commanders insisted that the West 's military deterrent is what ultimately forced the Syrian government to announce it would give up its stockpile of chemical weapons . "  Deterrence was necessary to force what we hope is a small solution to the problem , " said Italy 's chief of defense , Luigi Binelli Mantelli . More than 30 years after the end of the Cold War , Italy 's top defense official argued "  today 's challenges call for a new role of military deterrence . "	23 warships from NATO countries conducted an exercise in Italy this week NATO 's military chief said ships allowed it to practice "  engagement without embroilment " The deputy secretary of the 28-nation alliance acknowledged the cost of maintaining fleets But commanders insisted the military deterrent forced Syria to give up its chemical weapons
CNN  As an offensive guard for the Baltimore Ravens , John Urschel already has a lot on his plate . He regularly goes head to head with the top defensive players in the NFL and does his best to keep quarterback Joe Flacco out of harm 's way . But besides his endeavors on the field , Urschel also keeps up another demanding pursuit that is rarely associated with NFL players : mathematical research . Not content with the respect of the locker room , he also seeks the esteem of top mathematicians around the globe . "  I have a Bachelor 's and Master 's in mathematics , all with a 4.0 , and numerous published papers in major mathematical journals , " Urschel wrote in a recent article for The Players ' Tribune . His latest contribution to the mathematical realm was a paper for the Journal of Computational Mathematics with the impressively esoteric title , "  A Cascadic Multigrid Algorithm for Computing the Fiedler Vector of Graph Laplacians . " Urschel , 23 , makes no effort to hide his unusual combination of talents : his official Twitter handle is @MathMeetsFball . As word of his double life spread on social media in recent days , users responded with fascination and admiration . "  You are my goddamn hero  football fan and aspiring complex/functional analyst here  , " tweeted Roy Cardenas , who describes himself as a math Ph.D. student . But Urschel acknowledges that he has faced questions from NFL officials , journalists , fans and fellow mathematicians about why he runs the risk of potential brain injury from playing football when he has "  a bright career ahead of me in mathematics . " After every season , he says in the Players ' Tribune article , his mother tries to discourage him from continuing to play football . The Penn State graduate says the reason he keeps going is n't for the money  he drives a used Nissan Versa and lives on less than $ 25,000 a year  or "  for some social status associated with being an elite athlete . " It 's simpler than that . "  I play because I love the game . I love hitting people , " he writes . "  There 's a rush you get when you go out on the field , lay everything on the line and physically dominate the player across from you . " "  This is a feeling I 'm  for lack of a better word  addicted to , and I 'm hard-pressed to find anywhere else , " he explains . He shared his thoughts after San Francisco 49ers linebacker Chris Borland announced last week that he was retiring from professional football at age 24 because he was worried about the long-term effects of head trauma . Urschel says he envies Borland but does n't feel able to quit . "  When I go too long without physical contact I 'm not a pleasant person to be around , " he writes . "  This is why , every offseason , I train in kickboxing and wrestling in addition to my lifting , running and position-specific drill work . " And as if two areas of overachievement were n't enough , there is one other thing at which Urschel excels . "  I 'm also an avid chess player , " he says . "  And I have aspirations of eventually being a titled player one day . "	The NFL player has published numerous papers in major math journals He keeps playing football despite the risk of potential brain injury "  I play because I love the game . I love hitting people , " he says
CNN  Another flight brings another complaint about an airline interfering with a passenger breastfeeding her baby . The mothers who complain about instances of airline employees interfering with their breastfeeding or pumping are n't covering up and going away ; they are tweeting out their complaints in 140 characters or less , sometimes in multiple posts , other times taking pictures of longer reports . Kristen Hilderman is the latest mother to say she was hassled while breastfeeding . The Vancouver mother was returning to Canada from a vacation in Costa Rica with her family on Sunday night when , she says , there was a problem on the final leg of her trip . Hilderman was feeding her 5-month-old son on board United Airlines Flight 438 as the aircraft taxied along the runway before taking off from Houston to Vancouver . To describe what happened next , she took a picture of her typed recollections and posted it to Twitter . "  A male flight attendant named Keith walked up to our row and said to my husband  loudly , so that everyone around could here  , ` Are you two together ? ' " Hilderman wrote . When her husband said yes , Hilderman said , the flight attendant "  tossed a blanket at him ... and said tersely , ` Then HERE , help her out . ' " When she twice asked what he was supposed to help her out with , she said , the flight attendant ignored her . Passengers on the plane were supportive , she said , and told her they had n't known she was breastfeeding until the flight attendant singled her out . "  I 've been breastfeeding my son in myriad public places since he was born , and never has anyone made me feel so uncomfortable and ashamed for feeding my baby without putting a cover over his head , " she wrote . United Airlines spokeswoman Jennifer Dohm said that the airline reached out to Hilderman on Monday night via Twitter and that airline officials "  look forward to speaking more with her and to our crew member to understand what happened . " "  On our general approach to breast feeding , we welcome nursing mothers on board and we ask that crew members do their best to ensure their comfort and safety as they do with all customers , " Dohm wrote in an email . "  We also ask nursing mothers and passengers seated near them to be mindful of one another 's space and comfort . " Hilderman , who filed a complaint with the airline , said United had not contacted her beyond their tweeted reply but said she has found support from allies on social media . Why are we so squeamish about breastfeeding ? Delta passenger Lauren Modeen , who needed her breast pump on a January flight but was forced to check it as luggage , started a Boobs on Board Facebook page that 's gained over 1,100 followers in the past month . "  Before social media , the majority of these harassment stories went unheard , " Modeen wrote in an email . "  As a result , airlines faced little pressure to improve and pave a better way for mothers and children . " She wants her Facebook page encourage airlines "  to publicly post their explicitly clear pro-breastfeeding/pumping policies inside every airplane so the rules are not left to interpretation by an airline employee , and in turn harass/shame/bully a mother . " United , Delta and other major U.S. airlines say breastfeeding is allowed on their aircraft , although United does n't post its policy on the airline website . American Airlines , Southwest Airlines and Delta Airlines do . Though you ca n't please everyone in the air , women are allowed to breastfeed in flight , says veteran flight attendant and author Heather Poole , who is also a mother . "  Which means if breastfeeding bothers you , maybe try looking away , closing your eyes , " said Poole , author of "  Cruising Attitude : Tales of Crashpads , Crew Drama and Crazy Passengers at 35,000 Feet . " And remember that baby could be crying instead , giving you another reason to complain . "  Better a happy baby than a crying baby . "	United says officials "  look forward to speaking more with her and to our crew member " A woman says a United flight attendant wanted her to cover up while she was breastfeeding All major U.S. airlines allow breastfeeding , but not all airlines post policies online
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has given a girl 's parents the go-ahead to sue a Massachusetts school district over alleged sexual harassment by another student . A U.S. Supreme Court ruling allows a couple two avenues to pursue claims against their daughter 's school district . The justices , in a unanimous ruling , allowed the plaintiffs two avenues to make their claims -- a 1972 law banning gender bias in education and a separate civil rights law enacted 138 years ago . Lisa and Robert Fitzgerald said their then-kindergartner daughter was forced by an older male student to lift her skirt or pull down her underwear . The parents alleged school officials ignored their concerns and refused to discipline the boy . Federal courts had been split over whether the newer law -- known as Title IX -- displaced any claims made under part of the 1871 civil rights law , called "  Section 1983 . " The Fitzgeralds lost their initial Title IX claims and an appeals court blocked them from pursuing the other legal strategy . The ruling from the justices now gives the Fitzgeralds the right to continue their lawsuit against school officials . "  We hold that Section 1983 suits based on the Equal Protection Clause remain available to plaintiffs alleging unconstitutional gender discrimination in schools , " Justice Samuel Alito wrote . The plaintiffs allege the incidents happened on a school bus in Barnstable , Massachusetts , in the 2000-01 academic year . The child had told her parents that whenever she wore a dress , a third-grader would make her do things she did not want to do . After the mother complained to school officials , the boy denied the allegations . The principal , after interviewing other students and the bus driver , concluded she could not corroborate the girl 's version of events . The principal suggested the girl be transferred to another bus as a possible solution . The Fitzgeralds said that amounted to punishing their daughter and said the boy was the one who should be transferred . The local police department also looked into the case but concluded there was insufficient evidence to bring criminal charges against the boy . The parents began driving the girl to school and filed a lawsuit , claiming the schools system 's response was inadequate . School officials denied wrongdoing and tried to limit the case to Title IX , which applies to public or private schools receiving federal aid . The law is credited , among other things , with helping bring equality in sports participation and funding for college women . "  Our concern was that the school district just did n't take things as seriously as they should , " said Charles Rothfeld , attorney for the Fitzgeralds . "  They were frustrated by what they perceived as indifference by the school . " Rothfeld said the school 's behavior was "  pretty egregious . " Barnstable school officials did not respond to a request for comment . The case is Fitzgerald v. Barnstable School Cmte .  07-1125  .	Parents allege older boy sexually harassed daughter on school bus Parents : School district ignored our concerns , refused to discipline the boy U.S. Supreme Court : Parents can sue school district
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama stands at a significant crossroad . On Wednesday , he received a set of recommendations from a panel he appointed to review the government 's surveillance programs -- a decision he made after Edward Snowden 's blockbuster leaks about National Security Agency spying triggered outrage . The choices he makes will permanently place his signature on the intelligence initiative and help define his legacy as a chief executive who promised a more open and transparent government when he entered the White House nearly five years ago . NSA domestic and international phone and e-mail surveillance is considered some of the most widespread intelligence gathering performed by the U.S. government . As a presidential candidate , he sharply criticized his predecessor , George W. Bush , for creating and expanding a foreign intelligence program that included communications of American citizens . "  This administration acts like violating civil liberties is the way to enhance civil liberties . It is not , " Obama said during a speech in 2007 . "  There are no shortcuts to protecting America . " But since becoming President , Obama changed his posture as he came face-to-face with national security priorities in a post 9/11 world . He no longer criticized the NSA program . In fact , he maintained its status quo and rarely talked about it . Until he was forced to . Snowden released documents earlier this year that revealed the scope of surveillance , including the bulk collection of numbers , times and dates of telephone calls made by Americans . NSA official : Snowden amnesty "  worth having a conversation about ' Obama did not promise changes to the program amid the resulting storm of controversy , but did authorize a review of NSA practices and more steps to protect personal privacy . "  What I recognize is that we 're going to have to continue to improve the safeguards and as technology moves forward , that means that we may be able to build technologies that give people more assurance , " Obama told CNN 's Chris Cuomo in an interview on "  New Day " in August . With that independent review , which found that the government needs to do a better job to protect civil liberties , complete , the President has a choice to make . Will he be the chief executive who truly champions civil liberties or one who cements government surveillance of its citizens in the name of national security ? Alex Abdo , staff attorney at the ACLU 's National Security Program , which is involved in lawsuits challenging government surveillance , said the President has reached "  a tipping point " in his tenure . "  He can chose to follow the recommendations from the panel he selected or he can choose to double down on the bulk surveillance of innocent Americans , " Abdo said . Report : NSA snooping program should stay in place While the independent report said the surveillance program should stay in place , it suggested more than 40 changes that would rein in the scope and provide more oversight . Among the recommendations : "  The government should not be permitted to collect and store all mass , undigested , non-public personal information about individuals . " Perhaps most critical is the report 's finding that the bulk collection of information is "  not essential to preventing attacks . " "  We have identified a series of reforms that are designed to safeguard the privacy and dignity of American citizens , and to promote public trust , while also allowing the Intelligence Community to do what must be done to respond to genuine threat , " the authors of the report wrote . Surveillance watchdogs in Congress said the report shows that it is too encompassing and question whether it makes the country safer . "  The message to the NSA now coming from every branch of government , from every corner of our nation : NSA you 've gone too far , " Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy said . The report is coupled with a court decision this week that found the collection of data on nearly every call made by U.S. phone subscribers is likely unconstitutional . While that decision does n't mandate any changes to the program , the issue is expected to reach the Supreme Court . 5 questions about the NSA court ruling It is now up to Obama , the program 's one-time critic , to steer the direction of sweeping intelligence gathering . And at first glance , significant changes are unlikely . Less than 24 hours after the release of the report , Obama rejected one recommendation to install a civilian head of the NSA and split off its military ties . "  The administration has decided that keeping the positions of NSA Director and Cyber Command Commander together as one , dual-hatted position is the most effective approach to accomplishing both agencies ' missions , " NSA spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said in a statement . White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters that the President 's objective is to "  maintain the program while making reforms to it . " Further indications of the President 's reluctance to be pinned down emerged after a meeting with executives from the top tech companies . Following the sesssion this week at the White House on Tuesday , one participant said they were frustrated with the lack of discussion on the NSA program . The technology industry has pressured Obama to make changes to the federal snooping programs , concerned their bottom lines could take a hit . Last week , a group of top firms wrote an open letter to Obama alleging the spy programs undermine "  the freedoms we all cherish " and declaring : "  It 's time for a change . " The public will have to wait until January to know what course Obama will take . That 's when he is expected to deliver a national address to announce and explain any changes . CNN 's Jim Sciutto , Evan Perez and Jim Acosta contributed to this report	President Obama has to decide what recommendations he will adopt from spy review The independent review of NSA practices included more than 40 recommendations The President was once a critic of NSA collection of electronic communications The changes Obama adopts will impact his legacy and government snooping
Imagine shocks radiating across your cheek , a knife cutting into your skin or the feeling of hot coal burning your face , but not being able to find relief from the pain for months , or even years . That 's what some trigeminal neuralgia patients say they endure on a regular basis . Trigeminal neuralgia is a facial pain disorder associated with the trigeminal nerve , which carries sensation from your brain to your face . Slight touches to the face , whether it 's a breeze , hair falling onto your temple or simply brushing your teeth , may trigger flashes of pain . The pain is most commonly caused by a blood vessel pushing on the trigeminal nerve . There is no cure . It affects approximately 12 out of every 100,000 people per year , according to the National Institute of Health , and is more common in women and people over 50 . "  Trigeminal neuralgia is an uncommon disease and as a result , most physicians have very little experience with it . That is one of the reasons it 's difficult to diagnose , " said Ronald Brisman , a New York neurosurgeon who specializes in the disorder . The unbearable pain and search for a cure , as well as the medical field 's unfamiliarity with the disorder , has led a group of about 30 trigeminal neuralgia patients to fight for awareness . Several of them , in addition to others with the disorder , started by sharing their personal stories with CNN iReport . ' I want to imagine a world where nobody has ... this pain ' Nikki Samuel is one of those people . Her goal is to educate others about the disease , as well as let people know about the first International Trigeminal Neuralgia Awareness Day on October 7 . Dozens of buildings and structures across the world are lighting up teal for the day . "  If we know that somebody , somewhere is looking for a cure and not just another medication or an even more invasive , risky procedure , it gives us hope , " she wrote in her iReport . "  I want to imagine a world where nobody has to survive with this pain . " Samuel started experiencing the facial pain in 2005 and was diagnosed with Atypical Facial Pain . A variety of medications were ineffective and in 2008 , the registered nurse from Leicester , England , admitted defeat and resigned from her job . "  I had achieved my dream and there it was , being taken away from me by this relentless , debilitating pain , " she said . It was seven years from her first pangs of pain before she was diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia . As a way to cope , the 41-year-old has turned to online support groups . "  My online friends have been my lifeline , " she said . "  Trigeminal neuralgia has taken away many things , but it has given me the chance to ` meet ' some amazing people and to make lifelong friendships . " ' I have forgotten what a pain-free day feels like ' One of the people Samuel met online was Fred Gerwig , a former high school history teacher from rural West Virginia . Samuel 's bravery inspired him to write about his experience , Gerwig said . Leaving his classroom on September 7 , 2011 , the sunlight seared his eyes , bringing on what he thought was his first migraine . The searing pain never left . After getting lidocaine injections to treat the migraine a month later , he said he started experiencing strange facial pains . "  There were shocks and pangs in my right cheek , " he wrote on CNN iReport . "  It felt as if a hot coal was lying on my right eye socket . " Since then , wind , noise and even a random touch have all intensified his never-ending pain . Gerwig was later diagnosed with two disorders : "  atypical " trigeminal neuralgia and a persistent unilateral headache on the same side . The "  atypical " form of the disorder is marked by constant aching , burning and pain , according to the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke . Numerous migraine and anti-seizure drugs have n't worked for him , and he 's not a prime candidate for surgery to relieve pressure on his nerve . There are n't any blood vessels pushing on the trigeminal nerve , so the cause of his case is unknown . "  I have now forgotten what a pain free day feels like , and that changes you , " said the stay-at-home dad . "  You lose parts of yourself . You lose friends and family that ca n't deal with the fact that they can not give you a hug , say a prayer and make you better . " Watch video from another trigeminal neuralgia patient ` Watching him suffer has broken me ' Leslie Martella has crossed the country trying to find relief for her 16-year-old son , Garrett Buckelew . He was diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia when he was 11 , she said . "  Watching him suffer has broken me , " the mother said . "  Garrett used to be an all-star baseball player , gifted student with high academic scores and awards , with tons of friends , and now he barely leaves our home . " Buckelew has had four surgeries to alleviate his pain , and four more surgeries after a complication occurred during one of the procedures . "  Trigeminal neuralgia has taken over our lives and is relentless , " she said . "  It has robbed my child of his life . " The Huntsville , Alabama , mom wishes people knew about the real pain that patients with this invisible illness experience . "  If Garrett walked around with a hatchet sticking out of his face , then people would get it , but trigeminal neuralgia is invisible , and I hate it . " ' I am a trigeminal neuralgia warrior ' When a flash of pain shot from her eye to her jaw one day in 1998 , Patti SanFilippo hurried to the mirror looking for a mark on her face . There was nothing there . The Bloomsburg , Pennsylvania , resident tried to describe the pain to her doctor , but she felt like a lunatic . She spent five years struggling to find answers before she was diagnosed . Even after multiple medications and surgeries to treat the disorder , none have helped ease her facial pain . "  A typical day in my life knows no real time and follows no structure . Pain wins over all else and many days are spent in bed , " she said . "  I have missed many family functions , important birthdays and reunions with friends because the pain won on those days . " To stay positive , SanFilippo calls herself a "  trigeminal neuralgia warrior . " Surviving the "  horrendous pain , the harsh medications and lack of awareness " has inspired her to fight for help and understanding of this outwardly invisible disorder . "  If my story has been read and shared then I know I did my part to start people learning , talking about and becoming more aware that such an evil condition exists and needs attention so desperately , " she said . "  It 's hopefully just the beginning , there is still so much that needs to be done . "	Trigeminal neuralgia is a facial pain disorder The disorder affects 12 out of 100,000 people per year Group of patients is hosting the first Trigeminal Neuralgia Awareness Day on October 7 Read some of their stories on CNN iReport
Sydney  CNN  -- It might be surprising that in a country as wealthy , multicultural and big as Australia , one of the key election battles is about asylum seekers and refugees . Both major parties are engaged in a race to the bottom about how best to shut down Australia as a place of refuge for people who take to the sea . Asylum seekers are an easy target for anxieties about national security , unemployment and demographic composition . Politicians have fueled fears that asylum seekers present a threat not only to the integrity of our borders , but to the national fabric as a whole . Their policies rely on a spurious dichotomy between the "  good refugee "  who waits patiently in a camp to be resettled in a faraway land  and the "  bad refugee "  who "  jumps the queue " by engaging people smugglers to come by boat  . International law makes no such distinction because a person either has a well-founded fear of persecution and is in need of protection , or does not . Australia 's bid to stop ` queue jumpers ' The "  queue jumper " narrative has permeated so deeply that it has enabled both political parties to construct extraordinary legislative and policy interventions : Mandatory detention for all unlawful arrivals ; the excision of the whole Australian mainland from Australia 's "  migration zone ; " the removal of boat arrivals to offshore processing centers in small Pacific island countries , with no prospect for resettlement in Australia ; and the creation of temporary protection visas , barring "  genuine " refugees from family reunion and permanent residence . Despite originally decrying such draconian measures as inhuman and illegal , the Labor government , led by Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , has built upon many of them and increased their severity . For a time , it explained that its deterrence measures had an underlying humanitarian objective -- to "  save lives at sea . " But the latest iterations of its policy reveal a strong message of punitive deterrence . OPINION : Why Australia 's asylum plan wo n't work In 2012 , the Labor government reopened offshore processing centers in Nauru and Papua New Guinea , despite vowing it would never do so . The idea was that the inferior conditions there , lack of legal advice and review mechanisms , and delayed resettlement  around five years  would deter asylum seekers from getting on boats . But it did n't work , largely because it ignores the reasons why people seek protection in the first place . So the government took it a step further , declaring in July 2013 that asylum seekers arriving by boat would now be sent to PNG for processing and resettlement . As full-page newspaper advertisements explained : "  If you come here by boat without a visa you wo n't be settled in Australia . " The Opposition 's political plan The opposition Coalition , led by Tony Abbott , countered with disincentives of its own . First , if elected in a federal vote on September 7 , it will expand offshore processing and actively seek other resettlement countries for boat arrivals found to be refugees . READ MORE : Riots as Australia shuts door on asylum Though it will be possible for them to be resettled in Australia , it will be a "  last resort " -- and temporary . Refugee status will be reassessed every three years , family reunion will be banned , and only work for the dole will be allowed . The deleterious psychological effects of this "  limbo " protection have been well documented . Furthermore , the last time the policy was used , more women and children got on to boats because of the bar on family reunions . Many died in the process . Secondly , the Coalition would appoint a three-star commander to protect Australia 's borders . This is because it views the continued arrival of boat people as a national emergency requiring a military-led response . But according to a former chief of Australia 's defense force , this is a misguided policy that would change nothing . Asylum seekers are not a defense issue . Thirdly , the Coalition also promises to "  turn back the boats " when it is safe to do so . But it rarely will be because it is illegal to expose people to a risk of persecution or turn back an unseaworthy vessel and place the lives of passengers at risk . It also suggested it would buy up Indonesian fishing vessels to stop those boats being used by people smugglers , a suggestion that was dismissed by the Indonesian government as unworkable and derogatory . Fourthly , the Coalition has threatened to abolish the Refugee Review Tribunal  RRT  , the independent body that reviews decisions made by government officials about whether or not people are refugees . This is because the RRT has found that many governmental decisions are flawed . But rather than probing the quality of government decision making , the Coalition has decided to get rid of the reviewer . This undermines a central tenet of a functioning administrative law system . Life or death decisions can not be reviewed . Further , the Coalition 's weekend announcement that it will strip legal aid from asylum seekers increases this risk of poor initial decision making and heightens the chance of refoulement -- or the expulsion of people with the right to be recognized as refugees . A ` breach of international human rights ' Both Labor and Coalition policies breach Australia 's international human rights obligations in various ways . At the very least , they undermine the humanitarian purpose of the Refugee Convention . More significantly , they violate concrete legal obligations -- such as the individual right to seek asylum  and the right not to be subjected to penalties for arriving without a visa in such cases  , the right to be free from cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment , the right not to be arbitrarily detained , and the right to non-discrimination . A recent report by the U.N. Human Rights Committee underscored this . But because Australia has no bill of rights , it is very difficult to challenge such policies in domestic courts . Experience tells us that these policies do not "  stop the boats . " As former Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser recently observed , "  No amount of deterrence can match the terror from which those who are genuine refugees are fleeing . " Instead , they lead to increased levels of trauma and mental illness among refugee communities , exorbitant financial costs , and desperate family members undertaking dangerous boat voyages to try to join their loved ones . Moreover , asylum seekers get on boats because Australia tries to prevent their arrival by other means . There is no such thing as a "  refugee visa " to apply for before departure , and it is highly unlikely that refugees would be able to get a tourist or work visa because of the presumption that they would apply for asylum on arrival . It is a Catch-22 . Australia is one of the few countries in the Asia-Pacific region that could offer durable protection to refugees , since most of its neighbors have not ratified the Refugee Convention and do not have the legal , financial or technical capacity to offer real protection . How many asylum seekers are there ? To put all of this into context , in 2012 Australia received 17,202 asylum seekers by boat , its highest annual number , but only 1.47 % of the world 's asylum seekers . In the same period , it accepted 190,000 people through its skilled and family migration scheme . On a positive note , both parties will continue to resettle refugees directly from camps and urban settlements in other countries , as well as asylum seekers who come by plane who are found to be refugees . The total number of refugees accepted by Australia -- whether by overseas resettlement , plane arrivals or boat arrivals -- will be capped at 13,750 by the Coalition . Labor will increase that number to 20,000 , and possibly up to 27,000 if there is a significant decline in the number of asylum seekers arriving by boat . Public perception at fault ? The public perception is that asylum numbers are much higher than this , and many people do not understand why people flee in the first place . Given Australia 's relative affluence and political stability , most voters have no conception of what it means to fear persecution or other forms of serious harm . In fact , perhaps the saddest irony of all is that precisely because the asylum issue has such a negligible impact on most Australians ' everyday lives , they can choose to remain ignorant about the issue . Yet it still drives votes . Finally , the more that asylum seekers are made to disappear from our community , the less chance there is for Australians to get to know them as neighbors , colleagues or friends . As this happens , the chance for greater empathy and understanding also disappears . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jane McAdam .	Labor government sending people who arrive by boat to offshore processing centers Opposition Coalition says thousands already in Australia wo n't be allowed to stay McAdam : "  Queue jumper " narrative has permeated Australian society Public perception is that asylum numbers are much higher than reality
CNN  -- The TV show of embattled Toronto Mayor Rob Ford was canceled Tuesday , just one day after it debuted . He and his brother hosted "  Ford Nation " on Canada 's Sun News Network . "  It beat our record of 100,000 viewers , " but the time and production the show required does not make it a viable option , said Kory Teneycke , vice president of Sun News Network . The Ford brothers will appear as regular guests on Sun News programming , he said . The show debuted Monday , the same day the Toronto City Council voted to strip the mayor of most of his powers in a tumultuous meeting during which a charging Ford knocked down one of its members . Roughly two weeks after Ford admitted to smoking crack cocaine in a "  drunken stupor " -- an admission forced by a drug investigation that resulted in extortion charges against a friend -- the mayor said he was done apologizing . He called Monday 's vote "  a coup d'etat " and compared it to Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait in 1990 , warning council members , "  What goes around , comes around , friends . " Undeterred , the council voted 36-5 to slash the budget of the mayor 's office and transfer most of his duties to the deputy mayor . City Councilor Karen Stintz said Ford "  does n't understand the issues he 's facing , " and Monday 's votes reduce him to "  a figurehead . " Ford says he did n't lie about crack use The council already has called on Ford to take a leave of absence and voted to strip him of his emergency powers . In Monday 's session , Ford and his brother , City Councilor Doug Ford , sparred with hecklers in the council gallery who chanted "  Shame , shame , shame " during a recess . During that break , Rob Ford stomped over to his brother , knocking down Councilor Pam McConnell in the process , an apparently accidental act for which the mayor had to issue another apology . Opinion : Toronto mayor could be your neighbor CNN 's Shelia Steffen and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	"  Ford Nation " was canceled one day after it debuted on Canada 's Sun News Network On Monday , the Toronto City Council voted to strip Ford of most of his powers The mayor has admitted to smoking crack in a "  drunken stupor "
CNN  -- Canadians feared this day , hoping it would never come but also knowing the odds probably were n't in their favor , either . Not in this era of senseless gun violence , homegrown jihadists and terrorist organizations with international reach . On Wednesday , a gunman opened fire in the heart of the Canadian capital , shattering a nation 's sense of security . There are unanswered questions : What prompted the attack ? Is there a link to terrorism ? Whatever the answers , one thing is clear : As one resident put it , "  Canada lost its innocence today . " This is how it unfolded . Chaos in the nation 's capital It begins at Canada 's National War Memorial . 9:52 a.m. : A blaze of gunfire erupts at the solemn National War Memorial in Ottawa . Two soldiers are standing guard . One of them is gunned down . "  I heard four shots , " says Peter Henderson , a journalist . "  I turned around and ran , and I saw one of those soldiers laying on the ground . " The shots sound like they come from a high-powered rifle , Henderson says . Other witnesses describe the shooter as a man with dark hair and a scarf on his head . They say he 's carrying a "  huge rifle . " Strangers and emergency personnel rush to the soldier 's aid as the gunman runs away . At least one witness says the shooter commandeers a car at gunpoint and leaves the scene . The action quickly shifts to Parliament Hill , just a quarter-mile away . Parliament Hill Shortly before 10 a.m. : Witnesses report a gunman entering the main Parliament building through an entrance meant for government officials . He exchanges gunfire with security officers . "  I heard rapid fire of what appeared to be 20 shots or more , very loud , appeared to be very close , " says Kevin Lamoureux , a member of Parliament . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper is holding a meeting at the time . He is quickly escorted , along with some members of Parliament , to a safe location , but dozens of others remain inside on lockdown . MPs and Parliament staff barricade themselves in rooms throughout the building . The wait Within minutes , the shooting is over , according to Josh Wingrove , a reporter with The Globe and Mail newspaper who was at Parliament when it began . He sees a body outside the Library of Parliament . Locked behind closed doors , government officials wait while police clear the building and make sure there are no other gunmen inside . They take to Twitter to keep friends and family posted on developments . MP Michelle Rempel tweets to let her mom know she 's OK . Sen. Jim Munson describes the harrowing experience . "  Everyone safe but shaken ... mp 's say they could smell gunpowder , " he tweets . Although Wingrove sees the body in a hallway , it will be hours before official word comes that the gunman is dead , killed by Sergeant at Arms Kevin Vickers . Chaos in downtown Ottawa 11:22 a.m. : Ottawa police do n't know how many suspects they 're looking for . They tell CNN there may have been two or three shooters and the war memorial . Officers flood the area . CBC reporter Chris Goldrick tells CNN that authorities believe there 's another gunman at large and on the run . 11:40 a.m. : There 's word of yet another possible shooting , police say . This one is just a seven-minute walk from Parliament , near the city 's Rideau Centre mall . That report is later dismissed . Just before noon : The U.S. Embassy in Ottawa goes on lockdown . President Barack Obama is briefed on the shooting and pledges Washington 's support . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry passes along the message to John Baird , Canada 's foreign minister . Minutes later , developments in Ottawa prompt NORAD -- the North American Aerospace Defense Command -- to put its planes on higher alert . "  We stand with you , " says a statement from Cmdr. Chuck Jacoby . 12:30 p.m. : The FBI pledges to remain vigilant after recent chatter by ISIS about attacks on Western targets . The Canadian Embassy in Washington is also locked down . Just after 1 p.m. : News comes that that the Canadian soldier who was shot at the war memorial has died . He 's identified as Cpl. Nathan Cirillo , a reservist from Hamilton , Ontario . The suspect Later in the day , Canadian officials tell their American counterparts that Michael Zehaf-Bibeau is the suspected gunman , multiple U.S. officials told CNN . Zehaf-Bibeau , who was born in 1982 , was a convert to Islam and had a history of drug use before he converted , two sources say . His passport had been confiscated by Canadian authorities when they learned he planned to go fight overseas , a U.S. law enforcement official says . The official said it is not clear when that happened . Canadian broadcaster CBC reports that Zehaf-Bibeau had a record of drug arrests going back 10 years . The end of the day Wednesday closes with lots of uncertainty for the people of Canada , but especially for the residents of Ottawa . Are more attacks planned ? Are there any other gunmen on the loose ? Still , there are signs of hope and goodwill . In Pittsburgh , the CONSOL Energy Center is bathed in red and maple leaves as the Canadian national anthem plays before the NHL match between the Penguins and the Philadelphia Flyers . Back in Ottawa , MP Rempel reminds those who were shaken by the incident that not all is lost . "  For those wondering , our nation 's flag still proudly flew over parliament hill tonight . #CanadaStrong , " she tweets . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Sources : Michael Zehaf-Bibeau was the suspected gunman Prime Minister Stephen Harper calls the gunman a "  terrorist " Cpl. Nathan Cirillo , a Canadian soldier , was shot and killed
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Thousands of mourners and well-wishers gathered Saturday at a church east of London for the funeral of controversial reality TV star Jade Goody . Jade Goody 's coffin is carried into church for the funeral service in Essex Saturday . The 27-year-old lost a public battle with cervical cancer last month , prompting sympathy and headlines around the world . As Goody 's white coffin was carried into the church at Buckhurst Hill , Essex , east of London , a gospel choir began singing "  Amazing Grace . " Pallbearers included her husband Jack Tweed , whom she married in February . Send your tributes to Jade Goody . Inside the church the congregation heard Tweed read a poem as well as watching a multimedia tribute to Goody 's life . View image gallery of Jade Goody 's funeral " Outside thousands of well-wishers gathered in the spring sunshine to watch the funeral service on large TV screens , breaking into spontaneous applause throughout the service . TV pictures showed one young girl with "  R.I.P. Jade " drawn on her cheek . Read blog from her funeral Addressing the congregation Max Clifford , Goody 's publicist , said : "  She achieved in seven months what doctors , politicians and medical experts can only dream of achieving . Her legacy is a wonderful one . Because of Jade Goody , lots of women have had their lives saved . " Watch family and fans pay their last respects " After the service congregation member Peter Holmes , 28 , from St. Albans , north of London , told CNN : "  The service was lovely . The funeral was just what Jade was all about . She was a fun-loving person who always lit up a room with a funny comment . " Flowers thrown by well-wishers covered the front of the vintage hearse carrying Goody 's coffin as it arrived at the church . Crowds earlier applauded as the cortege slowly made its way through Bermondsey , south London , where Goody grew up amid deprivation and drug abuse . At one point the procession stopped to release a white dove . Wreaths included one in the shape of a pink heart , another that resembled a blue handbag and another shaped like a camera -- reflecting Goody 's love of the limelight . After the funeral friends and family left for a private burial . Goody had burst into the spotlight in the British version of "  Big Brother " in 2002 but attracted global notoriety five years later when she made racist comments -- for which she later apologized -- to Indian actress Shilpa Shetty . Well-wisher Vicky Scott , a security consultant from Bedfordshire , central England , waiting outside the church before the service , told CNN : "  She had very much to live for and she had achieved so much . She had a tough life and she gave us so much . "  I think she was an inspiration to many women , the way she brought cervical cancer to many women 's minds . " Clifford said in comments reported by the Press Association that Goody 's mother Jackiey Budden was "  distraught " and Tweed was "  heartbroken . " Goody 's two sons , Bobby , 5 , and Freddie , 4 , did not attend the service and are believed to have gone to Australia with their father , TV host Jeff Brazier , according to media reports . Medical officials have reported a big rise in the number of screenings for cervical cancer after Goody 's diagnosis was announced live on India 's version of "  Big Brother " last August , a phenomenon some have dubbed the "  Jade Goody effect . " Images of her shrinking frame and bald head dominated the pages of British media after she announced she had just weeks to live . UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown had previously praised Goody 's work in raising awareness of cervical cancer . "  In many years to come , there will be an awful lot of women who 've got an awful lot to thank Jade Goody for , " he said . Despite her weakening state Goody continued to open her door to the media , saying she needed to keep selling her story to help secure the future of her sons . With Clifford 's help , she organized her wedding to boyfriend Tweed , who had only just been released from prison after serving a sentence for assault , selling the exclusive rights to OK! magazine for a reported $ 970,000 . It was also filmed for her reality TV show . CNN 's Peter Wilkinson contributed to this report .	Funeral service of reality TV star Jade Goody takes place east of London Earlier well-wishers threw flowers , applaud funeral procession as it passes Procession , including Goody 's white coffin , traveled from southeast London Goody died last month aged 27 after losing her battle with cervical cancer
New York  CNN  -- Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. will not recuse himself from prosecuting the case against former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn for the attempted rape of a hotel housekeeper , his spokeswoman said Wednesday . "  Any suggestion that this office should be recused is wholly without merit , " Erin Duggan said in a statement . The announcement came in response to the call earlier in the day from an attorney for the housekeeper . "  We make this request in order to protect the integrity of the prosecution of Mr. Stauss-Kahn , to ensure the victim 's rights are not further prejudiced by deliberate acts seeking to undermine her credibility , to insulate your office from the appearance of conflict of interest , and to ensure that future victims of sex crimes , regardless of their backgrounds , are not dissuaded from coming forward , " wrote Kenneth P. Thompson in a four-page letter to Vance . Strauss-Kahn , 62 . is accused of having attempted to rape the maid when she entered his suite at the Sofitel off Times Square on May 14 in order to clean it . Thompson said Vance 's office "  apparently has been responsible " for leaks to the news media "  that were intended to discredit the victim 's character and , perhaps most importantly , undermine her charges against Mr. Strauss-Kahn . " He cited a telephone call he received June 30 from Chief Assistant District Attorney Daniel R. Alonso , informing him of the prosecutor 's decision to turn over to the defense "  certain false statements " that the victim had told investigators . During the call , he said Alonso had told him about an audio recording obtained by the prosecution in which the alleged victim told an incarcerated person a day after the alleged attack "  about the possible benefits " of pursuing charges against Strauss-Kahn . "  When I asked Mr. Alonso specifically about what the victim had allegedly said during that conversation , he stated that the victim said ` words to the effect ' that ` this guy has a lot of money . I know what I 'm doing . ' " Thompson said that Alonso then agreed to turn over a copy of the recording or allow him and the housekeeper to listen to it but , more than six days later , had failed to do so . "  I am told by Mr. Alonso that the victim must now wait for the prosecutor 's interpreter to prepare a complete transcript of it , " Thompson wrote . He went on to complain that , within a few hours of that call , the New York Times reported on the "  alleged conversation with the incarcerated individual , " in an article that cited " ` two well-placed law enforcement officials . ' " Thompson said he believes those officials work for Vance . The lawyer said he was troubled by the fact that , the following day , the newspaper ran another article about the alleged victim that described the reported conversation between the woman and the incarcerated individual . Thompson said the article used language similar to that which Alonso had used during their conversation . "  Such apparent leaks by members of your office is , without question , an abrogation of the duties and responsibilities of a prosecutor and will , unfortunately , have a chilling effect on other victims of sex crimes coming forward in the future for fear of reprisals from the office that is charged with protecting victims -- not discrediting them through orchestrated media campaigns , " he wrote . Thompson added that he was "  truly saddened " to read the response of a "  senior prosecutor " who was asked about a New York Post article that asked whether the victim was "  turning tricks while at  a  hotel " after the alleged sexual assault and under the protection of the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office . "  I ca n't say with 100 % certainty that it 's not true , " the "  senior prosecutor " was quoted as saying . "  The fact that apparently a prosecutor in your office suggested that it might be true that the victim is a prostitute and had engaged in acts of prostitution while under the protection of your office is appalling , " Thompson wrote . He then pointed to what he said represents a potential conflict of interest that the prosecutor 's office has in the case -- "  the chief of your entire trial division is married to one of Mr. Strauss-Kahn 's lawyers in this case . " And he blamed the prosecution for failing to have alerted him before he learned of it from the news media . "  As far as we know , this prosecutor is still assigned to the case and gives us great concern about whether your office can truly determine what is in the interest of justice . " Vance 's spokeswoman 's response did not address each of the concerns raised by Thompson . It said , "  We strongly disagree with how the office and the work of the assistant district attorneys have been characterized . " Also Wednesday , attorneys for Strauss-Kahn said that the defense team had a "  constructive meeting " with prosecutors , who maintained that they are not ready to drop sexual abuse and attempted rape charges even after questions were raised about the accuser 's credibility . "  The investigative process is continuing , and no decisions have been made , " said Manhattan District Attorney spokeswoman Erin Duggan . The two-hour meeting came just days after prosecutors disclosed credibility issues regarding the hotel maid who accused Strauss-Kahn of sexually attacking her . "  We had a constructive meeting today with  Vance  and his colleagues , " said a statement from William W. Taylor III and Benjamin Brafman . Strauss-Kahn pleaded not guilty in June to charges that prompted him to resign from his post as managing director of the International Monetary Fund . Questions about the case surfaced last week when Vance indicated that the woman , 32 , had been less than truthful with authorities about some aspects of her life and her whereabouts immediately after the alleged attack at the Sofitel hotel May 14 . Legal analysts suggest that prosecutors are looking for ways to salvage the case . "  Prosecutors correctly regard dismissal as complete humiliation and capitulation , " said CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  If they can get a guilty plea , even to a misdemeanor , that would be a slightly face-saving route out of this case . "  But it seems clear that the defense now very much has the upper hand , " he added . The developments in New York come as Strauss-Kahn faces separate accusations of attempted rape in France , which were filed in a complaint by French writer Tristane Banon . A Strauss-Kahn lawyer in France said he has filed a counter-claim against Banon for "  false declarations . " French prosecutors have received Banon 's complaint , a spokeswoman for the office said , and it is currently "  under consideration " to determine whether there is enough evidence to press charges . Banon 's mother , Socialist politician Anne Mansouret , said shortly after the housekeeper 's accusations were splashed across front pages around the world that her daughter had been attacked by Strauss-Kahn in 2003 but that she had discouraged her at the time from filing charges against him . The statute of limitations in France for attempted rape is 10 years . Mansouret , a member of parliament , said she cautioned Banon not to file a police report at the time for fear it would hurt her journalism career . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Recusal suggestions "  wholly without merit , " DA spokeswoman says Attorneys for Strauss-Kahn said they had a "  constructive meeting " with prosecutors French prosecutors are reviewing a complaint in a separate case against Strauss-Kahn Source : The accuser 's attorney refused to let his client talk with prosecutors for weeks
CNN  -- Cattle carcasses dot the desert . More beggars show up at street corners in the capital , Niamey . These are indications that Niger is on the brink of catastrophe , say aid workers . But few outside the country have noticed these signs in one of the world 's least developed nations . And now an encroaching emergency caused by months of severe drought is threatening to leave 8 million people , or half the nation 's population , hungry . The United Nations ' World Food Programme announced Tuesday that it is "  massively scaling up " food distribution to people who have lost crops and livestock . In this nomadic , pastoral nation , they are people who have lost everything . "  The drought in Niger is an unfolding catastrophe for millions of people and we are struggling against time to scale up quickly enough to reach the escalating number of hungry , " said Josette Sheeran , executive director for the U.N. agency . Sheeran traveled to Niger to see the crisis for herself and saw a landlocked , drought-prone nation where hunger has been growing steadily since the last harvest in September 2009 . "  We are massively scaling up special nutritional help for children under two years of age , whose brains and bodies face permanent damage from acute malnutrition , " said Sheeran in a statement released Tuesday after her visit . The agency said it aims to feed about 8 million people through the end of the year by distributing food rations that include a corn and soy supplement , a peanut paste and vitamin-fortified sugar and milk for children . Earlier this month , 10 leading international aid agencies had called for a surge in the humanitarian response to the hunger crisis across the Sahel region of west and central Africa -- 2 million more people are threatened in Chad and thousands others in Mali , Mauritania , parts of Burkina Faso and northern Nigeria . But Niger is at the heart . And despite months of warnings , the money for emergency aid has been what aid agencies described as paltry . The United Nations needs another $ 229 million to reach its recently revised target aid amount of $ 371 million . The World Food Programme 's appeal follows a similar call by the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , which earlier this month increased the aid requirement for Niger to $ 253 million from $ 191 million . The food agency said it only has half the $ 213 million it needs to expand its feeding operation . "  I think it has been a really slow onset emergency , " said Johannes Schoors , chief of missions in Niger for the aid agency CARE International . "  We got very little response from donors . " That 's partly because Niger 's has been an invisible problem so far . There are not yet thousands of people starving . Nor are there images of distended bellies and bones piercing out of flesh , as there were in the Sudan famine in the 1990s . The markets still carry fresh fruit for those who can travel far and have deep pockets . But , Schoors said , if things are allowed to go on this way , human suffering will become unbearable . Schoors ' colleague Stephane Petitprez , CARE 's emergency director who just returned from 10 days in eastern Niger , said the people of Niger have no way to survive without their livestock . Their future is dying with the animals . "  They have to start a new life , " she said . But without rain , it will be difficult .	Half of Niger 's population is threatened by a food shortage caused by prolonged drought The last harvest was in September 2009 Niger is one of the world 's least developed countries Many people are dependent on livestock
A performer from Cirque du Soleil died in a weekend accident during a show at a Las Vegas casino , authorities said Sunday . The performer , 31-year-old Sarah Guillot-Guyard , was pronounced dead shortly before midnight Saturday , the Clark County , Nevada , medical examiner 's office told CNN . The cause of death had not been determined Sunday afternoon . The accident happened during the show 's finale , said Cirque Du Soleil spokeswoman Renee-Claude Menard . During the scene , performers are suspended up to 50 feet in the air on lines controlled by wireless remote controls , according to the troupe 's website . Guillot-Guyard "  was being hoisted up the side of the stage and then just plummeted down , " witness Dan Mosqueda told the Las Vegas Sun newspaper . "  Initially , a lot of people in the audience thought it was part of the choreographed fight . But you could hear screaming , then groaning , and we could hear a female artist crying from the stage . " Guillot-Guyard was born in Paris , specialized as an acrobat and aerialist and had performed for more than 20 years , according to a website for Cirquefit , which describes itself as a circus and fitness program for kids . She taught classes through that program . Parents of some of her students left messages on the group 's Facebook page remembering Guillot-Guyard . "  No words . My boys loved every moment in Miss Sarah 's class . Deepest sympathies to her loved ones , " wrote one . "  We will miss her terribly ! She was an amazing teacher ! " wrote another . Guillot-Guyard , nicknamed "  Sassoon , " was part of the original cast of "  Ka , " the long-running Cirque du Soleil show at the MGM Grand hotel and casino , Cirque du Soleil founder Guy Laliberté said in a statement issued Sunday . The show has been canceled indefinitely , and the company is "  working with the appropriate authorities and have offered our full cooperation , " Laliberté said . Cirque du Soleil star battles shoulder injuries "  We are reminded , with great humility and respect , how extraordinary our artists are each and every night . Our focus now is to support each other as a family , " he added . The title of the show comes from an ancient Egyptian belief in the "  ka , " a spiritual copy of the body that 's with people in this life and the next , according to the company . Cirque du Soleil , which translates as "  Circus of the Sun " from French , is headquartered in Montreal . It was founded in 1984 . How Cirque du Soleil scouts its performers	A witness describes what happened during the accident Sarah Guillot-Guyard died during a performance at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas She was born in Paris and specialized as an acrobat and aerialist Guillot-Guyard was part of the original cast of "  Ka "
PAPEETE , France  Reuters  -- A passenger aircraft ploughed into the sea in French Polynesia on Thursday , killing at least 14 people , with another six still missing , French authorities in Papeete said . A Twin Otter aircraft similar to the Air Moorea plane that crashed Thursday after take-off from Moorea Island . An Air Moorea Twin Otter aircraft with 19 passengers and a pilot on board crashed after taking off from Temae airport in Moorea Island , en route to the local capital , Papeete , a short flight away . Police said 14 bodies , including that of the pilot , had been recovered but no survivors had been found . The search for the remaining passengers was continuing . All but two of the victims were French . A spokeswoman for Air Moorea said all 20 people aboard the aircraft were feared killed . "  We heard a big boom , " an unidentified fisherman told French television . "  We did n't try to understand , we were just there , we took maybe 30 seconds to get there . We just saw a whole lot of debris on the surface and bodies as well . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy said in a statement he was "  profoundly saddened " by the accident and offered his sympathy to the families of the victims . Christian Estrosi , secretary of state for France 's overseas territories , would go to the region to show the government 's solidarity , he said . Television pictures showed police boats at the scene of the accident with divers in the water and emergency workers at temporary posts on the shore . The plane , a Dehavilland Twin Otter aircraft , veered to the right after take-off for the short flight to the main island of Tahiti and crashed into the ocean at around 12:15 p.m. local time  2215 GMT  on Thursday . Aviation authorities said weather conditions were clear . The plane came down one mile from the coast near fishermen , who tried to help those on board , Air Moorea said in a statement . It gave no further details . Moorea is one of around 118 islands scattered across an area the size of Europe in the South Pacific that make up France 's overseas territory of French Polynesia . Authorities in Papeete said the victims included two tourists and two European officials posted to the region , who local media said had been visiting a water purification plant . Moorea is popular with foreign tourists and the crash occurred in the tourist high season . The bodies of all the victims found so far have been taken by French navy personnel to a mortuary . Air Moorea , a subsidiary of domestic airline Air Tahiti , said it had never had an accident in its 35-year history . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Air Moorea aircraft crashes after takeoff in Moorea Island , en route to Papeete Police say 14 bodies recovered ; all 20 people aboard ` feared dead ' Papeete authorities say victims include two tourists and two European officials Air Moorea says it had never had an accident in its 35-year history
CNN  -- Dion Almaer 's career revolves around experimentation . As a software engineer , he 's always trying out different approaches to get the best outcomes and running tests to confirm hypotheses . Last year , he decided to optimize the operation of a different kind of machinery : his own body . Almaer , 37 , is about to become a father for the third time , and he wants to be around for grandchildren further down the line . That 's partly why he decided last year to get his weight , and health in general , under control . In September 2012 , the 5-foot-11 British-born man weighed 300 pounds . Today , he 's 185 pounds . He did n't follow any one pre-established regimen to get there . A variety of books and lectures taught him about possible methods , and he tried different approaches until he found what worked for him . What he did specifically is n't necessarily the best method for everyone . "  Try to set up an experiment where you give yourself some time , and kind of hold yourself to it , " he advises . "  If you screw up one day , that 's in the past . Just pick yourself up and try again . " Sitting , the American way Growing up in London , Almaer was very active . He played soccer and cricket in his youth . But when he went to college at the University of Minnesota , he got hooked on computers . He rebuilt the university 's student registration system and worked for a start-up company while still in school . The price of technology was slothfulness . "  I started to move a lot less , and sit at a computer a lot more , and just ate crap all day long , " he said . "  It kind of escalated from there . " Without fully realizing it , his diet turned to virtually all carbohydrates ; he never ate vegetables . At the start-up company , he helped rig the soda machine so Mountain Dew would pour out even more concentrated . Being overweight seemed to bring down his immunity . He developed skin conditions . When he 'd get a cough , it would n't go away for months . Over time , his weight ebbed and flowed . He got a little healthier while working in Boulder , Colorado . He lost a significant amount of weight when he and his wife moved to London , because he walked around the city and ate better . But when they relocated back to the United States , moving several more times , Almaer 's weight swung upward again . Almaer boasts that he has lived in every time zone in the continental United States -- and most of them helped him gain weight . Target 1 : Diet Family members had been bugging Almaer for a long time about getting healthy . His father , a personal trainer and gym owner , was always in the back of Almaer 's mind . But it was Gary Taubes , author of "  Why We Get Fat , " who ultimately inspired him . Taubes taught Almaer that not all calories are alike -- it matters what you eat -- and that carbohydrates in particular are bad because they stimulate insulin , a hormone that increases fat storage . Controversy still surrounds the idea that a low-carb diet is healthier than a high-carb one  Robert Atkins ' famous diet , for instance , is still hotly contested  , but Almaer decided to try it . Almaer cut way back on his carbohydrates , then started adding some foods back into the diet to see how he did . He stayed away from processed foods . He also started paying more attention to his body 's signals , only eating when he was hungry . Another technique he found useful at the beginning of this journey was taking a photo of food that he was about to consume , making him feel more "  in the moment " during the act of eating . In conducting his personal experiments , Almaer did n't want to start with more than one variable at a time , so he did n't add in exercise until he felt he had a good handle on diet . With diet changes alone , he lost 20 pounds in two weeks . He created a mobile Web app called 16:8 to track the time between his meals , because he had read about the idea of intermittent fasting . He would simply hit a button when he started and stopped eating , so he could monitor how energetic he felt in connection with how much time had passed since eating . For instance , he has discovered that he feels great when he runs in the morning even if he 's been fasting since the night before . Target 2 : Exercise When he felt his diet was under control , Almaer decided to try running , which he had never enjoyed . The first time , he could barely get to the end of the block . He paced himself by taking long walks , then got into a routine of "  run , walk , run . " The key here was to commit ahead of time to running every single day , and letting that habit form , he says . He did n't have to make a decision every day about whether to exercise -- he had already made that choice . Soon he was able to run three miles at a time . Then five . At first , he would listen to podcasts while running . But reading a book about meditative running -- "  Running with the Mind of Meditation " by Sakyong Mipham -- changed his mindset . When he challenged himself to run without technology , he ran at least eight miles , and felt better than during any other run . He also got into meditation itself , which he found even harder than exercise because of the need to stay focused . Although exercise has brought him noticeable physical and mental health benefits , he calculates that from a pure weight loss perspective , 80 % of his loss has been due to his food intake . What he eats Today , Almaer continues to focus on minimizing carbohydrates and sugars , focusing instead on protein and vegetables . Typically , for breakfast , he 'll have a veggie bacon omelet , with water to drink . Lunch could be a salad with meat on top , or even a burger without the bun . Dinner might be quinoa with chicken , with more salad . Almonds make a good snack . He 'll have a cup or two of coffee in the morning to help boost his metabolism and take some of the hunger away . Sticking to his diet is n't always easy . He remembers breaking down at a child 's birthday party and eating more cake . The family still often eats pizza on Friday nights , but these days Almaer only has one slice instead of four . He 's also determined that having a "  cheat day " is n't as effective as he thought ; at first he enjoyed being able to indulge on his cheat day . But the day after would always be full of cravings . Now he keeps his "  cheat " treats small , such as dark chocolate . How it feels Living with 115 pounds less than last year , Almaer says he has much more energy throughout the day . He used to be a night owl ; now he does n't even need an alarm to wake up in the morning . The tiredness he used to feel after lunch is gone . His lung and skin problems have cleared up . And his mood is "  much more positive . " Weight loss has provided him with tangible evidence that he was able to make modifications to better himself , boosting his self confidence . It makes him think , "  Huh , I actually made a change , and it 's actually working . What else do I want to do with my life ? " He 's intent on staying healthy , not just for himself , but for his family . He wants to live long for them as a good role model . "  I can tell my kid a million times , eat your broccoli , " he said . "  But if I 'm there eating a pizza , it 's just not going to work . " Almaer was brought to tears when , about eight months ago , his eldest son was at a friend 's house and told his hosts he did n't want soda . He asked for water instead , "  because that 's what Dad drinks , " Almaer recalls . "  This is having a bigger effect than anything else that I can be doing , " Almaer said . "  What are the things I can model , especially as a father , to a son ? And it keeps kind of escalating from there . " When old photos of Almaer show up on the family 's digital photo stream , his 4-year-old son Josh will shout "  There 's Fat Daddy ! " or even , "  I never got to meet Fat Daddy . " The truth is , of course , Josh did meet Almaer when he was "  Fat Daddy . " He just does n't remember when his father looked like that , only a year ago . The weight has been stored on the hard drive of the past . Have you lost weight ? Submit your story to iReport	Dion Almaer lost 115 pounds over the last year He experimented with a variety of approaches to diet and exercise He feels healthier and has more energy
New York  CNN  -- It has been more than two weeks since Superstorm Sandy hit the Northeast , yet many still remain without power . Two residents of New York 's Long Island are going to court declaring , in effect , they 've had enough . A lawsuit filed Tuesday by the two residents charges the area 's main electricity providers -- Long Island Power Authority  LIPA  and its partner National Grid -- committed "  gross negligence , breach of contract , and fraud , " according to attorney Ken Mollins , who is representing the plaintiffs . Although the suit , which does not seeks specific damages but calls on the court to award "  a sum to be determined at trial , " was filed by two individuals , Mollins entered the claim as a class-action , which would allow other residents to join as plaintiffs . "  This has the potential to be the biggest class-action lawsuit ever with possibly 1 million individuals joining , " Mollins said . Red Cross donations top $ 130 million for Sandy relief As of Tuesday night over 13,000 customers still remained in the dark , according to LIPA 's Storm Center . Mollins is seeking accountability from the utility companies and believes they did not properly prepare for Sandy . "  In the week before the storm they did nothing to prepare , " said Mollins . "  They took no evasive action whatsoever . " In response to inquiries from CNN about the suit , LIPA spokesman Mark Gross said , "  At this time we are focusing on completing restoration for our customers . " National Grid , a multinational company based in the United Kingdom , responded with a statement saying its workers are focusing on completing restoration and that they "  continue to work with local officials and relief agencies to provide ongoing support to those communities and to be there for our customers . " CNN Legal Analyst Paul Callan who has experience in class-action lawsuits , does not believe this will be an easy win for Long Island residents because they will have to prove that the utility companies were negligent in planning for the storm . Callan believes LIPA can easily state that the catastrophic event exceeded everybody 's expectations . "  Ultimately , it 's Mother Nature that bears the responsibility . " Volunteers feed the still-powerless after Sandy Long Island residents , meanwhile , echo the plaintiffs ' attorney in criticizing the power companies . "  LIPA had horrible , horrible communication , " said Susan Parker , who was out of power for two full weeks . Parker , however , does n't believe she will participate in the class-action lawsuit . "  I feel very lucky that all I lost was my power , I just keep thinking priorities and what some other people have lost , " she said . Long Island resident Mitch Gerson also believes LIPA failed to appropriately communicate with customers . "  There 's absolutely no question in my mind that LIPA did a terrible job . " Gerson said . He and his family were displaced from their home for over 12 days , he said , adding that the difficulties from that situation will be a factor in deciding whether he and his family will join the lawsuit . The lawsuit , which was filed in state court , came the same day that New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo bluntly criticized LIPA and called for its overhaul at a press conference . "  LIPA has been beyond repair for a long , long time , " Cuomo said on Tuesday , "  I believe it needs to be overhauled and you need a new system . " In the midst of heavy criticism for the company , the chief operating officer of Long Island Power Authority , Mike Hervey , announced his resignation on Tuesday , effective at the end of 2012 , according to a statement from LIPA .	More than 13,000 customers are still without power on Long Island , a utility says Two Long Island residents are suing utilities after no electricity for days in the wake of Sandy The plaintiffs ' attorney hopes other residents will join in the suit as a class action The power companies say their focus continues to be on restoring electricity
Washington  CNN  -- CNN 's John King and other top political reporters empty out their notebooks each Sunday on "  Inside Politics " to reveal five things that will be in the headlines in the days , weeks and months ahead . Insights on the reluctant "  wartime President " and a concerned former President were part of a trip around the "  Inside Politics " table that also highlighted an effort to leverage Latino political might , Rand Paul 's minority outreach and a dilemma as GOP groups try to undermine potential Libertarian spoilers . 1 . Back to the future : Bill Clinton adopts Arkansas as a 2014 project For political junkies of any ideological persuasion , watching Bill Clinton on the stump is a treat , and it 's an added bonus when he is back home in Arkansas . This past week , he was in fine form as he tried to give a boost to embattled Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor and other Arkansas Democrats , including gubernatorial candidate Mike Ross . Missed it ? Not to worry . Jonathan Martin of The New York Times tells us you will get another chance . Maybe two . "  I 'm told he 's not just going back once , he 's going to go back two more times to Arkansas : when early voting begins later this month , John , and then right before Election Day , " said Martin . "  As one longtime friend of Bill Clinton told me -- who knows him better than anybody -- said if he could , he 'd be doing direct-mail pieces . " While the former President does know several of the candidates on the ballot in Arkansas , Martin notes this involvement is n't motivated just by his friendships . "  He also cares about retaining some kind of Democratic strength in a state that has gone to the right , and I think he wants to try and make it at least potentially viable for his wife in 2016 , " said Martin . 2 . The current commander in chief bemoans ` wartime ' label President Obama was first elected on a promise to get U.S. troops out of the Middle East , but he will wind down the final two years of his term directing a sustained military campaign against the terror group ISIS . And unlike George W. Bush , who embraced the "  wartime President " label after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , this commander in chief prefers not to be characterized that way . Julie Pace of The Associated Press took us inside the White House debate over how to handle the balancing act . "  One of the concerns is that they do n't want to present him as a wartime President , because he was campaigning as a person who got the U.S. out of wars , but they also want to make sure that he looks like he is managing the situation , " said Pace . "  So while you 're not going to see the President making trips to war zones overseas , you are going to see more pictures of him meeting with commanders at the Pentagon , perhaps traveling to bases around the country . The whole idea is to show that even though he 'd rather be talking about other things , he 's still on top of this . " 3 . Latinos see LGBT advances as an example worth following As Latinos look to maximize their political clout , Ed O'Keefe of The Washington Post says some key activists have an example of steady , if sometimes slow , progress . O'Keefe shared reporting about a recent Arizona summit of Latino , legal and labor activists , which took place just as the Supreme Court declined to hear challenges to several state laws allowing same-sex marriages . For Latinos who at times are frustrated with both political parties , and other obstacles , O'Keefe said the big week for LGBT rights was not unnoticed . "  They are modeling this a lot on what the gay rights movement has done over the past two decades , " said O'Keefe . "  Obviously they had a very good week . The hope is to accelerate that and potentially make some gains in the next few cycles . " 4 . Rand Paul goes to Ferguson and promises he is a different kind of Republican Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul spends a lot of time and energy promising to expand the Republican tent , and trying to prove wrong skeptics in the African-American community who cite , among other things , past statements questioning provisions of the landmark Civil Rights Act . This past week , he was off to Ferguson , Missouri , and Nia-Malika Henderson of The Washington Post reported on why Paul wanted to make the trip and how it fit into his larger strategy . "  What 's going to be interesting to see from Rand Paul is if these are conversations that he continues , " said Henderson . "  Part of it is he obviously wants to expand the Republican Party , but he 's also got the challenge of whether or not he 's going to be a leader in his own party on moving that party , not only in talking about criminal justice reform , but also in talking about race and racism and discrimination . " 5 . TV time scarce , so GOP allies look for digital ad platforms to target Libertarians Pro-Republican super PACs are nervous that several Libertarian candidates in key Senate races are shaping up as spoilers , and they are looking to find ways to peel off some of their support . But they are also encountering a problem : TV ad time is scarce in the final three weeks of the campaign , especially in the big battleground states . North Carolina is one of the biggest concerns . Most GOP strategists believe that if the election were held today , Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan would win , in part because of support for Libertarian candidate Sean Haugh . So the Chamber of Commerce and other groups are looking for ways to try to boost Republican Thom Tillis by taking after Haugh . But with TV time so scarce , the effort has forced a search for digital advertising platforms . And more old-school tactics also are likely to be added to the mix : phone banks and direct mail .	Bill Clinton plans two trips back to Arkansas before midterms Obama 's strategy is to avoid the "  wartime President " label Latinos see LGBT advances as an example worth following
CNN  -- McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton fought off fierce competition from Fernando Alonso and Mark Webber to secure his second Formula One victory of the season at the German Grand Prix . The British driver stole the lead from Red Bull 's Webber off the grid , and though it changed hands several times during the race , his final pit stop was timed perfectly as he took the checkered flag 3.9 seconds ahead of Ferrari 's Alonso . Webber was close behind in third and his teammate and championship leader Sebastian Vettel finished an error-laden afternoon in fourth place -- his worst finish of the season . But his lead in the drivers ' championship is still 77 points over Webber , with Hamilton now third , 82 behind after his win at the Nurburgring . Latest F1 standings after German Grand Prix Hamilton , the 2008 world champion , told reporters at a press conference : "  That was one of the best races that I have ever done . We did n't expect to come here and be so fast and really I just could not be feeling any better . "  It was just great and we have to keep pushing . These are the results that we can get - the car was really nice to drive . A fantastic job and fantastic win . " On a cool day in Germany , Hamilton started second on the grid but breezed past Webber to lead into the first corner and though the Australian passed him a few laps later the Briton regained the lead immediately . Vettel toiled on the damp track , spinning out of control as his prospects of joining the leading pack receded , while Webber again edged in front after his first pit stop saw his speed pick up . The second round of stops saw Webber push to the front again , before Alonso rounded him , only for the Spaniard to see Hamilton overtake on the outside to regain first place . Hamilton was the first into the pit lane to make the required switch onto hard tires late in the race , Alonso leading for two laps before deciding to come in . Webber led briefly , but was losing pace on his soft tires , and was forced to stop leaving Hamilton clear to take the flag and record the 16th grand prix victory of his career . Vettel struggled with his brakes for most of the race -- his home grand prix -- but was able to salvage fourth place by passing Ferrari 's Felipe Massa on the penultimate lap . After the race he told reporters : "  I think fourth was probably our maximum today , which is not satisfying . We need to work harder on our car to get back on to the podium , and maybe on to the top step again . " Hamilton 's teammate Jenson Button , the 2009 world champion , was forced to retire for the second race in a row after his car suffered hydraulic difficulties . The next race in the Formula One calendar is the Hungarian Grand Prix next Sunday . Meanwhile in MotoGP , Casey Stoner won the U.S. Grand Prix at Laguna Seca Raceway to consolidate his lead in motorcycling 's world championship standings . The Australian , riding for Repsol Honda , finished more than five seconds ahead of Jorge Lorenzo of Spain , while Dani Pedrosa was third . Stoner now has 193 championship points , 20 ahead of Lorenzo , with eight races remaining .	Lewis Hamilton wins the German Grand Prix for McLaren British driver holds off fierce competition from Fernando Alonso and Mark Webber Championship leader Sebastian Vettel finishes fourth with Felipe Massa fifth Red Bull 's Vettel leads the drivers ' championship by 77 points from Webber
President Barack Obama has signed into law a bill to avert the fiscal cliff , a day after the House and Senate approved the much-debated legislation . Obama , who returned to his family vacation in Hawaii after Tuesday 's House vote , signed the bill via autopen on Wednesday . But new battles over taxes and spending await Washington in the next few weeks . Congress averted that self-built precipice late Tuesday when the House voted to stave off widespread tax increases and deep spending cuts by accepting a brokered Senate compromise . It makes permanent the Bush administration 's tax cuts for individuals earning less than $ 400,000 per year and couples earning less than $ 450,000 . It raises rates on those who make more than that from 35 % to 39.6 % , bringing back a top tax bracket from the Clinton administration , and will raise roughly $ 600 billion in new revenues over 10 years , according to various estimates . The bill also extends unemployment insurance and delays for two months the threat of sequestration -- a series of automatic , across-the-board cuts in federal spending . Economists had predicted the combination of those tax increases and spending cuts could have thrown the U.S. economy back into recession and driven unemployment back into the 9 % range . Meanwhile , a new Congress takes office on Thursday , and lawmakers will soon be confronted by the need to raise the federal debt ceiling and what to do about the still-hanging sequester -- a legacy of the last battle over the debt ceiling , in 2011 . Read more : Five things about the fiscal cliff "  The sum total of all the budget agreements we 've reached so far proves that there is a path forward that is possible , if we focus not on our politics but on what 's right for the country , " Obama told reporters late Tuesday , after the House approved the fiscal cliff deal . "  And the one thing that I think , hopefully , in the new year , we 'll focus on is seeing if we can put a package like this together with a little bit less drama , a little less brinksmanship , not scare the heck out of folks quite as much . " The Bush tax cuts expired at midnight Monday , while sequestration had been scheduled to start when federal offices reopened Wednesday . World markets rose after the late-night vote . U.S. stocks jumped , too , with the Dow Jones Industrial Average rising nearly 2 % by mid-afternoon . Rum , electric vehicles and motor sports : Nuggets in bill Tuesday night 's 257-167 vote saw Boehner , R-Ohio , and about a third of the GOP majority lining up with Democrats against most of their own caucus , including Majority Leader Eric Cantor and party whip Kevin McCarthy . Rep. Nan Hayworth , an outgoing Republican representative from New York , said she was a "  reluctant yes . " "  This is the best we can do , given the Senate and the White House sentiment at this point in time , and it is at least a partial victory for the American people , " Hayworth said . "  I 'll take that at this point . " The Senate plan was brokered by Vice President Joe Biden and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , and it passed that Democratic-led chamber 89-8 . But many House Republicans complained the bill did too little to cut spending while raising taxes for them to support it . Boehner 's White House F-bomb Conservative lobbyist Grover Norquist , whose Americans for Tax Reform pushes candidates to sign a pledge never to raise taxes , said the plan preserves most of the Bush tax cuts and wo n't violate his group 's beliefs . "  The Bush tax cuts lapsed at midnight last night , " Norquist tweeted Tuesday . "  Every  Republican  voting for Senate bill is cutting taxes and keeping his/her pledge . " But Rep. Jeff Landry , R-Louisiana , told CNN 's "  Early Start " that Obama convinced Boehner "  to undo everything he promised he would do " after the 2010 elections that gave the GOP control of the House . "  They did a debt ceiling deal , gave the president $ 2.1 trillion , " Landry said . "  They turned that deal off for two months . That 's going to be another fight on top of the sequestration , a debt ceiling fight . " iReport : What 's your message for Washington ? Other Republicans warned that as they did in 2011 , they 'll be demanding additional cuts before they agree to raise the federal cap on borrowing . "  The president has maxed out his credit card , and he is not going to get an unlimited credit card , " Sen. John Barrasso , R-Wyoming , told CNN . "  We 're going to talk specifically about cuts and specifically focused on tax reform as well as helping to save and strengthen Medicare and Social Security . And that 's the next discussion we 're going to have in Washington . " The federal government bumped up against its $ 16.4 trillion debt ceiling on Monday and has about two months before it runs out of ways to shuffle money around to keep Washington within its legal borrowing limit . Obama had sought to resolve the issue as part of the fiscal cliff negotiations , but the issue never made it to a final bill . Tuesday night , the president warned Congress that he will not tolerate another round of brinksmanship that could have "  catastrophic " effects on the global economy . "  While I will negotiate over many things , I will not have another debate with this Congress over whether or not they should pay the bills that they 've already racked up through the laws that they 've passed , " he said . How they voted : House | Senate The last debt-ceiling battle led to the sequester , a kind of fiscal doomsday device that Congress was supposed to disarm by agreeing to more than $ 1 trillion in other cuts over the next decade . They did n't , leaving federal agencies preparing to slash spending by $ 110 billion by the end of the 2013 budget year . Before Tuesday night , the Defense Department had been preparing to issue furlough notices for its entire civilian work force of 800,000 . Those notices were stayed on Wednesday -- but Pentagon officials say they 're worried that unpaid leave may be harder to implement later in the fiscal year . "  We hope Congress can find a way to end sequester once and for all , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said . While the deal gives Obama bragging rights for raising income taxes on the wealthiest Americans -- the first rate increase for any Americans since 1993 -- it also leaves him breaking a promise . Obama had vowed to raise tax rates for the top-earning 2 % of Americans , including those with household income above $ 250,000 and individuals earning more than $ 200,000 . Raising the threshold for higher tax rates shrinks the number of Americans affected . While nearly 2 % of filers have adjusted gross incomes over $ 250,000 , only 0.6 % have incomes above $ 500,000 , according to the Tax Policy Center . By comparison , Census Bureau figures put the median U.S. household income at just over $ 50,000 . And despite the last-minute fiscal cliff agreements , Americans are still likely to see their paychecks shrink somewhat because of a separate battle over payroll taxes . The government temporarily lowered the payroll tax rate in 2011 from 6.2 % to 4.2 % to put more money in the pockets of Americans . That adjustment , which has cost about $ 120 billion each year , expired Monday . Now , Americans earning $ 30,000 a year will take home $ 50 less per month . Those earning $ 113,700 will lose $ 189.50 a month . Opinion : Cliff deal hollow victory for American people The legislation also caps itemized deductions for individuals making $ 250,000 and for married couples making $ 300,000 . Taxes on inherited estates over $ 5 million will go up to 40 % from 35 % , and that threshold will be indexed for inflation . The alternative minimum tax , a perennial issue , will be permanently adjusted for inflation . Child care , tuition and research and development tax credits will be renewed . The "  Doc Fix " -- reimbursements for doctors who take Medicare patients -- will continue , but it wo n't be paid for out of the Obama administration 's signature health care law .	Boehner undid "  everything he promised he would do " in 2010 , GOP lawmaker says Obama calls for "  a little less brinksmanship " next time Tuesday night 's vote prevents tax increases for more than 98 % of Americans It also staves off $ 110 billion in automatic cuts to domestic and military spending
CNN  -- A car bomb exploded on a busy shopping street in the Northern Ireland town of Omagh 10 years ago Friday -- the single deadliest attack in the 30-year conflict between Roman Catholics and Protestants . A memorial has been built for the 29 people killed and 300 injured in the Omagh bombing . The blast killed 29 people , including a woman pregnant with twins , and wounded more than 300 . It occurred at the tail-end of the bloody period known as the Troubles , which lasted from the late 1960s to late 1990s . It was also four months after the signing of the Good Friday peace accord -- which ushered in a new era in the region despite the continuation of some fighting . The 500-pound bomb struck on a busy summer Saturday when people were out shopping on the main street in the market town . The attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location for the bomb , leading authorities to evacuate people from the center of town to the end of the street , right where the bomb went off . Watch a family remember child killed in bombing " Local authorities plan a 45-minute service Friday with prayers and singing to commemorate the anniversary . They plan a moment of silence at 3:10 p.m.  10:10 a.m. ET  , the time the bomb exploded on August 15 , 1998 . "  All I can remember is going up . I went up and I came down and I hit something very , very hard , " says Doreen Preston , who lost her right leg and two fingers of her right hand in the bombing . "  A soldier told me I hit the footpath . But as far as I was concerned , I thought I hit a telegraph pole 'cause all I could see was sparks and -LSB- the -RSB- smell of rubber . " Preston was working at Watterson 's , a drapery and linen shop on the high street along with her best friend , Veda Short . They had worked together at the shop for 26 years , along with friends Geraldine Breslin and Anne McCombe . As police evacuated people from the area , the women were herded along with others to the spot where the bomb went off . Preston was the only one of the women to survive . "  I looked down and I could see Anne 's skirt , and I thought , ` Oh , poor Anne 's been injured , too , ' " Preston said . "  I thought , ` Where 's the rest of the girls ? ' And they were n't -- I could n't see anybody . " Preston spent more than four months in the hospital , at times so close to death that she planned the hymns for her own funeral , Preston said . She described anguish at learning her friends were killed . "  I miss them terribly , " Preston said . "  Veda was like a sister to me . " The Real IRA , a dissident republican paramilitary group , claimed responsibility for the bombing . The Real IRA opposed the peace plan , which had the cooperation of the mainstream IRA , or Irish Republican Army . Only one man , Colm Murphy , was ever convicted in the bombing , but his conviction for plotting the attack was overturned and a retrial is pending . A second man , Sean Hoey , was brought to trial , but a judge ruled last December there was not enough evidence to convict him . Families of the victims have said they are angry that so many people who must have had a part in the bombing -- from the scouts and plotters to the bombmakers -- are still free . Watch a survivor tell her story " "  I think there is a lot more information , " said Michael Gallagher , whose 19-year-old son Aiden was killed in the bombing . "  I think the intelligence services have not fully cooperated with the investigation . " Survivors have waged their own fight to get over the physical and emotional scars from that day . "  My father said , and I do believe his words , there 's a time for you to be born into this world and a time for you to be taken out of it , " said Preston , who has wondered why she was spared . "  That 's quite true , 'cause it 's -LSB- been -RSB- proved . 'Cause all those people round me were all taken and I was saved . But in saying that , it was a hard fight , a very hard fight . "	Omagh bombing killed 29 people , including a woman pregnant with twins The attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location Real IRA , a dissident republican paramilitary group , claimed responsibility
CNN  -- Pop star Ke $ ha has checked into a 30-day treatment facility for an eating disorder . "  I 'm a crusader for being yourself and loving yourself , but I 've found it hard to practice , " she said in a statement provided by her rep Friday . "  I 'll be unavailable for the next 30 days , seeking treatment for my eating disorder to learn to love myself again exactly as I am . " Ke $ ha , whose full name is Kesha Sebert , is featured on "  Timber " with rapper Pitbull . The song is number two on Billboard 's Hot 100 singles chart . She also starred in the MTV reality show , "  My Crazy Beautiful Life . " The show gives an inside glimpse into her personal and professional challenges . In a tweet on New Year 's Day , she talks about upcoming changes . "  Cheers to this year being the best year ever , " she tweeted . " 2014 gon be the year of truth and freedom . " The singer and songwriter is 26 . CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report	She 'll be at the treatment facility for 30 days Ke $ ha 's full name is Kesha Sebert She is featured on "  Timber , " which is number two on Billboard 's Hot 100
EW.com  -- The tenth iteration of Bravo 's popular "  Top Chef " series moves northwest this season to Seattle , where host Padma Lakshmi and judges Tom Colicchio , Gail Simmons , Hugh Acheson , and Emeril Lagasse join newly-named judge Wolfgang Puck to crown the Top Chef in the country . The new season premieres on Bravo November 7 at 10 p.m. . This year 's crop of 21 contestants are drawn from some of the top local restaurants in the U.S. , including chefs from Washington , D.C. , Boston , Dallas , Los Angeles , and as far away as Hawaii . The complete list of contestants is below . The web show "  Top Chef : Last Chance Kitchen , " hosted by Colicchio , will also return for its second season , Bravo announced Wednesday . Fall TV 's riskiest new shows ? The ` chef ` testants ' for season 10 are : Lizzie Binder , 37 -- Napa , California Tina Bourbeau , 42 -- New York , New York Chrissy Camba , 30 -- Chicago , Illinois Stephanie Cmar , 27 -- Boston , Massachusetts Micah Fields , 28 -- Los Angeles , California Eliza Gavin , 38 -- Telluride , Colorado Anthony Gray , 35 -- Macon , Georgia Jeffrey Jew , 34 -- Washington , DC Gina Keatley , 32 -- New York , New York Kristen Kish , 28 -- Boston , Massachusetts Danyele McPherson , 31 -- Dallas , Texas Daniel O'Brien , 32 -- Washington , DC Carla Pellegrino , 43 -- Las Vegas , Nevada Jorel Pierce , 28 -- Denver , Colorado Sheldon Simeon , 30 -- Lahaina , Hawaii John Tesar , 54 -- Dallas , Texas Joshua Valentine , 32 -- Oklahoma City , Oklahoma Bart Vandaele , 41 -- Washington , DC Tyler Wiard , 41 -- Denver , Colorado Brooke Williamson , 33 -- Los Angeles , California Kuniko Yagi , 35 -- Los Angeles , California See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Wolfgang Puck is the newest "  Top Chef " judge The new season premieres on Bravo November 7 This year 's crop of 21 contestants are drawn from some of the top local restaurants
United Nations  CNN  -- World leaders met at the United Nations on Tuesday for the first day of debate at the 67th session of the U.N. General Assembly . Here are five things we learned : 1 . The Syrian conflict is at a stalemate , and the global community ca n't agree on how to stop the bloodshed . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon opened the day with a strong condemnation of the 18-month crisis in Syria , which has spiraled into a civil war . The situation grows worse by the day , he said , and is no longer limited to that country . "  It is a regional calamity with global ramifications . This is a serious and growing threat to international peace and security , which requires Security Council action , " he said . Ban 's comments were no doubt directed at Russia and China , Security Council members that have repeatedly blocked draft resolutions that would take strong action against the embattled government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . French President Francois Hollande described the situation in Syria as urgent , adding that France -- also a Security Council member -- would recognize a new government as soon as it was officially formed . Earlier , international peace envoy Lakhdar Brahimi said the conflict was at a stalemate . "  There is no prospect for today or tomorrow to move forward . " Brahimi added that he has plans to meet with Russian and Chinese leaders in an effort to forge a lasting solution , and that there were indications the country 's anti-government resistance is growing more unified . 2 . Time may be running out for a two-state solution to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict . Ban and others dived head-first into the controversial issue of Palestinian statehood . Nearly a year after its failed bid to win United Nations recognition as an independent state , the Palestinian Authority is preparing to try again . But unlike last year 's attempt , which stalled in the Security Council , the Palestinian Authority is expected this time to seek nonmember observer status , one step up from its current status as a permanent observer . "  The Palestinians must be able to realize their right to a viable state of their own . Israel must be able to live in peace and security , free from threats and rockets . The two-state solution is the only sustainable option , yet the door may be closing for good , " Ban said . President Barack Obama called on world leaders to "  leave behind those who thrive on conflict , those who reject the right of Israel to exist . " "  The road is hard but the destination is clear -- a secure , Jewish state of Israel ; and an independent , prosperous Palestine , " the U.S. president said . Jordan 's King Abdullah II urged both sides to resume full negotiations toward a lasting settlement . "  For almost 65 years , the Palestinian people have been the exception of the U.N. promise , " he said . "  The shelter of international law and human rights , except not yet . " "  Enough , " he demanded . 3 . The United States will "  do what  it  must " to stop Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . Delivering remarks thought to be as much of a warning to Iran as an assurance to Israel , which has repeatedly threatened a pre-emptive strike , Obama said he remains committed to a diplomatic solution to Iran 's disputed nuclear program . But , he warned , "  time is not unlimited . " "  Make no mistake , a nuclear-armed Iran is not a challenge that can be contained , " Obama said . "  The United States will do what we must to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon . " Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes and to fill energy shortages , but Western leaders believe Tehran is an aspiring armed nuclear power . U.N. inspectors have also expressed doubts about the program 's aims . Secretary-General Ban said Iran must prove the "  solely peaceful intent of its  nuclear  program . " 4 . Fault lines appear among nations in their reaction to the anti-Islam film that triggered protests in the Muslim world . Several leaders addressed the inflammatory video that mocks the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer . The privately produced film sparked protests against the United States , where it was made . While most of the demonstrations were peaceful , some were marred by violence that has left more than two dozen people dead -- among them U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other Americans killed in an attack on the consulate in Benghazi . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari opened his remarks by commenting on the film . "  I want to express the strongest condemnation for the acts of incitement against the faith of billions of Muslims of the world , and our beloved Prophet Mohamed , " he said . " Although we can never condone violence , the international community must not become silent observer , and should criminalize such acts that destroy the peace of the world and endanger the world security by misusing freedom of expression . " Obama , who described the video as "  crude and disgusting , " said he understood why people would take offense to it as millions of Americans did , too . He stressed the United States had nothing to do with its production , but defended the right of such a film to exist and slammed the violent reaction to it . "  I know there are some who ask why do n't we just ban such a video . The answer is enshrined in our laws , " Obama said . "  There is no speech that justifies mindless violence . There are no words that excuse the killing of innocents . There 's no video that justifies an attack on an embassy . " 5 . The crisis in the Sahel region of Africa is "  intolerable . " French President Hollande spoke out from the lectern about the Sahel , where a deadly mix of drought , famine and Islamic militancy has unleashed a crisis . "  The situation created by the occupation of territory in the north of Mali by terrorist groups is intolerable , " he said . The Economic Community of West African States has warned that more than 6 million people are at risk of hunger in the Sahel region of Africa , including more than a million children exposed to severe malnutrition . Ban also addressed the Sahel during his remarks , saying it "  is not getting sufficient attention and support . " The two leaders met to talk about ways to forge a stronger response to the worsening crisis .	NEW : The Middle East , particularly Iran and Syria , dominates the first day NEW : The U.N. secretary-general and leaders of the U.S. , France and Pakistan speak NEW : The addresses highlight some of the differences among member nations
CNN  -- The case of a 12-year-old girl who reportedly received a transfusion of HIV-positive blood has sparked outrage across Saudi Arabian society , with angry calls for the health minister to resign . In this ultraconservative Islamic kingdom , where HIV and AIDS remain taboo subjects and open criticism of government officials is relatively rare , the case of Reham al-Hakami has prompted unprecedented widespread discussion of both issues . Mohammed Almadi , of the government-backed Human Rights Commission that is investigating the case , said Reham , who has sickle cell anemia , received a blood transfusion on February 12 at the main hospital in Jazan , her village . A few hours later , a team from the hospital came to her house to tell the family that the blood was HIV-positive . She was then airlifted to the King Faisal Specialist Hospital in Riyadh , the Saudi capital . It remains unclear whether Reham has tested positive for HIV . "  This was a case of negligence , " Almadi said . Widespread online chatter and subsequent discussions in the Saudi media prompted the Health Ministry to issue a statement Monday calling the incident a "  critical error " and apologizing to the girl , her family and Saudi society . The ministry says it is investigating the matter . On Twitter , it said it was "  acting on behalf of the family as the legal guardian in seeking compensation and to ensure that the legal procedures and the decisions made by the legal health councils will be carried out in her case . " In a widely circulated six-second online video , Reham , wearing a bright pink T-shirt , says , "  I need you to stand by me and pray for me . " Seven ministry officials were sacked and some were fined , including the coordinator of the region 's AIDS program , said the statement , which does not mention HIV . It is an unusual move in the heavily bureaucratic kingdom where government institutions usually remain silent in the face of criticism . Daoud al-Sharian , a well-known television presenter on the Saudi-owned MBC channel , called on Health Minister Abdullah al-Rabiah to resign . "  I wish , just once , that a minister would resign over  his ministry 's  mistakes " al-Sharian said Sunday on his talk show , which hosted the girl 's father and uncle as well as a Health Ministry official . "  If a case like this happened in other countries , not just one minister but several ministers would resign . " A local Saudi paper reported that the minister visited the girl in a hospital Saturday and gave her an iPad , a gesture that sparked mocking comments on social media . The line "  hey sorry about what happened so take this ipad and download some apps while you 're waiting to die " was posted multiple times by various Twitter users . An Arabic tweet by Saudi preacher Adel Al-Kalabani said , "  this should go into the Guinness Book  of world records  as the cheapest compensation ever . " It has been retweeted almost 4,000 times . Al-Rabiah defended himself on a television program Tuesday , saying the gift was not compensation . "  I could n't go empty-handed to the hospital to visit her for the first time , " he told Saudi news channel Al-Ekhbariya . He said he asked ministry officials who visited Reham every day at the hospital what she wanted , and they told him she wanted an iPad so she could listen to the Quran , Islam 's holy book . "  So I asked my colleagues to prepare an iPad and put some games on it as well as the Quran . As a father , if I visited her without bringing anything with me , I would have blamed myself , " al-Rabiah continued . Ibrahim al-Hakimi , the family 's lawyer , said the family plans to sue the Health Ministry "  starting from the most senior official and including all employees involved in this medical mistake . " He said the family was still in shock over what happened .	Family was told that 12-year-old girl received HIV-positive blood , Human Rights Commission says Health Ministry calls the incident a "  critical error , " apologizes , says it 's investigating 7 ministry officials were sacked and some were fined , including an AIDS program coordinator It 's not known if the girl has HIV ; a lawyer says the family plans to sue the Health Ministry
CNN  -- Tesla Motors prides itself on promoting a disruptive technology -- electric cars -- but it was Tesla itself that was disrupted recently as New Jersey said it is illegal , effective April 1 , to operate factory-direct car sales in the state . New Jersey is not alone . Arizona , Maryland , Texas and Virginia also ban direct sale of cars to consumers . Understandably , Tesla CEO Elon Musk was upset and has encouraged people in the Garden State to go to New York or Pennsylvania to buy Tesla cars . Many wonder whether Tesla has been out to turn the car-marketing world on its head , do away with the franchised dealership system and change forever the way people in the U.S. buy cars . It can seem that way as Tesla fights to keep selling its cars direct to its customers , but missed in the speculative fervor is that Musk himself has said that as it grows , Tesla probably would be looking at expanding its presence -- and sales -- through franchised dealerships . Today , progressive dealerships around the country representing every automaker are creating experiences that make car buying easier and deliver a high level of customer satisfaction . Musk could cherry-pick dealers who can deliver the experience he wants for his customers , just as Lexus did when it launched its brand in the U.S. in 1989 . Selling and servicing cars is an entirely different business from making them . Using franchised dealerships relieves the car manufacturer of the tremendous capital burden of paying for and staffing brick-and-mortar facilities . That 's one reason the auto industry went with that model in the first place . Besides , car dealerships are important corporate citizens , pumping into the national economy hundreds of millions of sales-tax dollars , tens of millions of dollars in charitable contributions and billions of dollars in paychecks . That makes them valuable economically . It also gives them clout that few politicians want to challenge . More importantly for car buyers and car owners , a national network of franchised dealerships with local sales and service facilities can make buying and caring for a new or used vehicle relatively easy . You can see why the idea might ultimately appeal to Tesla . Tesla -- as innovative , different and disruptive as it may be -- is still a small player in a very large arena . It sold just under 25,000 cars last year globally . General Motors sold more than that every day . If Tesla has an eye on significant growth , the traditional dealership model , in its most progressive form , is a path the brand should n't ignore . Today , Tesla is arguing that it has no existing franchised dealers with which its factory sales compete , and that it is selling something so unique that an entirely different sales model is necessary at the beginning . That wo n't always be the case . So far , Tesla 's game plan to make its money purely on car sales .  Electric cars bring in almost no service and maintenance income , which is lifeblood to most car dealers .  There also is no bargaining at Tesla , where the manufacturer 's suggested retail price is the sales price , take it or leave it . That works when your customer base is largely a high-income group of "  early adopters , " you have no real competition for your $ 70,000 - $ 120,000 vehicles , you do n't take trade-ins and the profit per vehicle allows you to pamper your customers with personalized services . That will change in a few years , though , when Tesla begins selling its planned third-generation electric car , one priced to compete with the likes of BMW 's 3-Series . Reaching out to the mid-to-upper mass market where there is a lot of competition for the consumer 's attention -- and dollars -- takes a different kind of approach . When Tesla scales to reach that more mainstream audience , turning to a more traditional sales format may indeed be necessary . Until then , the company has a high-profile battle on its hands . The courts , and the market , will decide the merits of Tesla 's arguments . Even if Tesla were to prevail on the legal front in every case and win the right to continue selling direct to car shoppers in every state , that decision would hardly override the existing franchise protection laws and the value that locally owned and operated dealerships can bring to the equation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John O'Dell .	New Jersey 's new law makes it illegal for Tesla to sell cars directly to consumers John O'Dell : Tesla is not about to upend the franchised dealership system He says as selling and servicing cars is an entirely different business from making them O'Dell : As Tesla grows , it will also need to use the traditional dealership model
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- An Islamic cleric was arrested Monday for playing a key role in the establishment of a militant training camp in Indonesia 's Aceh region , authorities said . Abu Bakar Bashir -- a religious leader known for his anti-Western rhetoric -- has been arrested twice previously for his activities in connection with militant groups . He was detained early Monday in West Java and was later brought to the National Police Headquarters for further questioning . Authorities have strong evidence that Bashir played a role in establishing a terror cell and a militant training camp in Aceh province , said National Police spokesman Inspector General Edward Aritonang . Police raided that camp in February and arrested dozens of militants who were allegedly planning terror attacks in Indonesia similar to those that took place in Mumbai , India , in 2008 . Bashir knew about that camp , helped fund it and appointed religious teachers to provide the militants with spiritual guidance , officials said . He also allegedly appointed an extremist fugitive known as Dulmatin as the field commander . Dulmatin was killed in another police raid shortly afterward . In May , several members of a hardline organization Bashir founded -- the Jama'ah Ansharut Tauhid , or JAT -- were also arrested and charged with raising funds for the training camp . Following months of speculation on Bashir 's involvement , police said it 's clear he played a key role in setting up the terror sell that wanted to base itself in Aceh . Police also uncovered a new plot by a terror cell to launch fresh attacks on the national police headquarters and several unnamed hotels and embassies in Jakarta . This information came about after the arrests of four people over the weekend in West Java . And police said the terror cell put up a laboratory to test bombs and twice blew up explosives in a remote area in Sumedang , West Java . A French national allegedly supplied a car to the suspected terrorists to use for a car bomb , according to authorities . The French national is still at large . Bashir was first arrested after the Bali bombings in 2002 where more than 200 people were killed . At the time , he was the spiritual leader of Jemaah Islamiyah , whose stated goal is to create an Islamic state comprising Malaysia , Singapore , Indonesia and the southern Philippines . He was charged with rebellion , terrorism and immigration violations . Prosecutors convicted of him of immigration violations and rebellion , but the latter conviction dismissed on appeal . Bashir served 18 months in jail . Two years later , before his expected release in 2004 , Bashir was arrested again on charges of helping incite the August 2003 bombing of the Marriott hotel in Jakarta . He served two and a half years in jail and was released in June 2006 . In 2008 , Bashir established Jama'ah Ansharut Tauhid . "  I 'm sure the police have a very strong case . They would not arrest him for the third time otherwise , " said terrorism expert Sidney Jones of the International Crisis Group , a non-profit that works to prevent and resolve deadly conflict . "  It 's a mark of police confidence that they would go forward with this arrest , and attests to the weakening of the radical networks . But Abu Bakar Bashir 's influence has been declining . So , the fact that he 's been taken out of circulation again will not have a major impact one way or another on the security situation . "	Police : Bashir funded and approved of a terror plot Bashir is the one-time leader of Jemaah Islamiyah He now heads another hardline group Police raided the second group 's headquarters in May
CNN  Working as a warden in Rwanda 's Volcanoes National Park , home to the endangered mountain gorilla , Edwin Sabuhoro was determined to do whatever was necessary to protect the animals he was committed to defend -- including putting himself in harm 's way . Following a series of incidents in 2004 where wildlife had been lost , Sabuhoro volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla . The mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison . "  I felt so bad that I had put these people in jail -- but I felt so good that I saved a baby gorilla , " recalls Sabuhoro , whose next move was to visit the jailed poachers , as well as their families , to apologize for tricking them and find the reasons behind their actions . What he heard was stories of starvation and desperation . Poaching , he found , was the only way for these people to survive . "  That 's when I decided that what I was doing was not part of giving a solution to what is wanted outside the park , " says Sabuhoro . He quickly decided to quit the job and come up with an idea to help poachers make a living -- a plan that did n't include killing wildlife . "  I thought of an idea of turning poachers to farmers , " says Sabuhoro , who took all of his savings -- $ 2,000 -- and divided it to poachers to rent land , buy seeds and start farming . "  I left them with that and they started farming , and when I came back six months after I found they had harvested enough -- they had enough food at home , but they were -LSB- also -RSB- selling more in the markets . " But Sabuhoro was n't finished . While talking to tourists who came to visit the volcanoes , Sabuhoro came up with an idea to capitalize on their interest in the area , and provide work for former poachers . "  I started a tour company called Rwanda Eco Tours , and I said for tourism to thrive in the country we need eco-tourism where tourists can give back to the community and then the communities will have an incentive to conserve the park . So we built a cultural village in 2006 -- before we finished , we had tourists visiting us . " he says . "  In 2010 , we got $ 30,000 net income from the cultural village and put this back to different activities in the village level . " Sabuhoro , whose work with the cultural village has received international recognition , including a chance to briefly meet U.S. president Barack Obama as a Young African Leader , is now trying to take his idea further to other national parks across Africa where poaching is causing similar problems . "  If we can work together , on a regional level , continent level , we can save these species , " he says . "  Because these are the last species that we have . And as human beings we ca n't afford to fail the wildlife . " Watch this : Meeting the men who poach Rwanda 's gorillas Watch this : Flourishing community protects gorillas More from African Voices	Conservationist Edwin Sabuhoro founded a cultural village in Rwanda The village provides work for poachers and unemployed youth
PORTSMOUTH , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton became visibly emotional at a New Hampshire campaign event Monday after a friendly question from a voter . Sen. Hillary Clinton 's eyes welled with tears as she spoke in New Hampshire Monday . At the close of a Portsmouth campaign stop , Marianne Pernold-Young , 64 , asked Clinton : "  How do you do it ? How do you keep up ... and who does your hair ? " Clinton said she had help with her hair on "  special days , " and that she drew criticism on the days she did not . Then she added : "  It 's not easy , and I could n't do it if I just did n't , you know , passionately believe it was the right thing to do . "  You know , I have so many opportunities from this country , I just do n't want to see us fall backwards , " she said , her voice breaking a bit . The audience applauded . "  This is very personal for me , it 's not just political , it 's -LSB- that -RSB- I see what 's happening , we have to reverse it , " she said emotionally , adding that some "  just put ourselves out there and do this against some pretty difficult odds . "  But some of us are right and some of us are wrong . Some of us ready and some of us are not . Some of us know what we will do on day one , and some of us really have n't thought that through enough . " "  So as tired as I am and I am . And as difficult as it is to try and keep up what I try to do on the road , like occasionally exercise and try to eat right -- it 's tough when the easiest food is pizza -- I just believe so strongly in who we are as a nation . So I 'm going to do everything I can and make my case and you know the voters get to decide . " Watch Clinton become emotional as she 's answering a question " The New York senator is under pressure after some weekend surveys show opponent Barack Obama with a sudden almost double digit lead , with less than a day to go until the New Hampshire primary . At a New Hampshire campaign event , presidential rival John Edwards told reporters he was unaware of Clinton 's emotional reaction and would not respond to it . But he did say , "  I think what we need in a commander in chief is strength and resolve , and presidential campaigns are a tough business , but being president of the United States is also a very tough business . "  And the President of the United States is faced with very , very difficult challenges every single day , difficult judgments every single day . " E-mail to a friend	Clinton begins talking about how others have criticized her , gets emotional She was with mostly female voters in New Hampshire on a campaign stop "  It 's not easy , " she told them The New York senator is trailing Sen. Barack Obama in polls
CNN  -- September 12 is always the day that reminds us that the war may never end . September 11 , each year , is the day for somber commemoration and prayers for those who were lost . September 11 is the date that lives in history . But as each September 12 dawns -- this year on Sunday -- we realize anew that the uncertain slog continues , that the year ahead will be one in which unseen and hazily defined enemies continue to wish ill on a United States that , in 2001 , dedicated itself to a war on terror . Most wars eventually come to a close . This one , by its very nature , will not . One evening in the weeks after September 11 , 2001 , I was having dinner with John Glenn . There is no American who has had the life that Glenn has : a World War II Marine fighter pilot who flew 59 combat missions , and who then returned to the skies in the Korean War to fly 90 more ; the first American astronaut to orbit the Earth and the greatest national hero of his era ; a United States senator for 24 years ; at age 77 the oldest man ever to leave the Earth 's bounds as he returned to space aboard the shuttle Discovery . In the aftermath of the September 11 attacks , with an injured and angry country hungry for retaliation and victory , Glenn , who had turned 80 , was realizing something before most people did . "  All the other wars we had , " he said , "  the object was to win the battlefield . Use tanks , use planes , take their capital , and declare victory . War 's over . "  But this ... this is like the wind . This is like fighting the wind ... You can hit them , but they 'll pop up somewhere else . This does n't seem to be the kind of war where you can look forward to them signing a surrender on the battleship Missouri . " He was referring to the end of World War II . America 's involvement in that war began on December 7 , 1941 , and ended less than four years later on the September day in 1945 when Japan signed its surrender aboard the Missouri in Tokyo Bay . By the ninth anniversary of the beginning of World War II , the victory had long since been won ; the surviving soldiers were home and raising families ; the terrible times were all past tense . Nine years after the war on terror began , though , there is no end in sight , and even if there was , who exactly could sign a surrender ? In the first days of the war on terror , then-U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld , perhaps inadvertently , put his finger on it . Speaking to reporters , he said : "  I 've therefore characterized this conflict , this campaign , this so-called war , as being notably different from others . " This so-called war . Nine years ago the country went into what we were told was wartime footing . But unless you were a member of a family with a son or daughter , a father or mother , a brother or sister serving in the military , here at home it was n't always easy to figure out precisely what that entailed . Nine years ago , the National Guard moved into U.S. airports when the terminals finally reopened to passengers ; the Guard 's saturation presence ended soon enough . Curbside baggage check-in was done away with because federal officials believed it provided an opportunity for terrorists ; that decision , too , was soon reversed as the airlines complained that it was hurting their business . The nation seemed uncertain of the appropriate rules in this new kind of war . It is largely forgotten now , but there were serious suggestions that salad bars be shut down because they were convenient targets for terrorists wanting to poison the citizenry . For a while a phrase from World War II -- "  for the duration " -- re-entered the language , but that , too , soon disappeared when it became evident that the duration would most likely have no endpoint . Life went on even as the war went on . Last week , a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey reported that 67 percent of Americans now believe that it is unlikely that the United States will ever capture or kill Osama bin Laden . The subject of his capture , once a part of daily civilian conversations , seems to have been increasingly pushed aside . And so as another September 12 arrives we enter the tenth year of a war like no other . Few among us would be optimistic enough -- or foolish enough -- to declare that placid times are just around the corner on this planet we all share . The anger in the world , especially during weeks like the one just past , does not feel as if it has cooled . When the rhetorical heat becomes especially fervid , I think of something else that John Glenn told me during that dinner . He was remembering the day in 1962 when he had looked out the window of a capsule hurtling through blackness and took in a sight that no American eyes had ever seen : the Earth , from the vantage point of space orbit . He recalled his thoughts with a combination of wonder and sadness . "  You look down , " Glenn said , "  and you think about all the borders you fly over . You fly by those borders so quickly , and you think of all the things that people do to each other because of those borders . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	After commemorating 9/11 , we realize war against terror never ends , says Bob Greene He says the nation 's immediate war footing ended soon after 9/11 Greene says battle continues against unseen , ill-defined enemies John Glenn said , "  This is like fighting the wind "
CNN  -- Is a star player more important than team unity ? England 's cricketers will find out the answer to that question over the next five days as they battle to retain the No. 1 Test ranking without key batsman Kevin Pietersen . Pietersen , one of the most flamboyant and controversial players in the game , has been dropped for the showdown with South Africa -- the country of his birth -- after falling out with his teammates . England 's preparations for the third and final Test of the series , which they must win to stop the Proteas taking top spot , have been dominated by a scandal over derogatory text messages , an ill-advised YouTube video and a parody Twitter account . All of which involved Pietersen in some form . The 32-year-old issued an apology on Wednesday for sending text messages to the South African players during the drawn second Test which apparently criticized England captain Andrew Strauss -- who celebrates his 100th appearance in the five-day game at Lord 's this week . But it was too late to stop him being thrown out of the squad and now seemingly unlikely to be named on Saturday in England 's team for the Twenty 20 World Cup in Sri Lanka starting next month . "  I did send what you might call provocative texts to my close friends in the SA team , " said Pietersen . "  The texts were meant as banter between close friends . I need to rein myself in sometimes . I apologize to Straussy and the team for the inappropriate remarks at the press conference and for the texts . I truly did n't mean to cause upset or tension particularly with important games at stake . " The England and Wales Cricket Board  ECB  , however , has refused to say whether Pietersen will ever play for England again . "  We are in receipt of Kevin 's apology , but further discussions need to take place to establish whether it is possible to regain the trust and mutual respect required to ensure all parties are able to focus on playing cricket and to maintain the unity of purpose that has served us so well in recent years , " said ECB managing director Hugh Morris . "  Critically , those discussions should take place behind closed doors , rather than in the media spotlight . "  A successful conclusion to this process is in everyone 's best interests and is required for Kevin Pietersen 's potential selection in all forms of the game to be considered . " The South Africa series presents England 's biggest challenge since regaining the number one ranking last year . Strauss ' side lost the first Test and drew the second , with Pietersen scoring a defiant 149 before making an unexpected statement at the press conference casting doubt over his international future . "  It 's tough for me in this dressing room , " he said Rumors of "  provocative " text messages sent to some of the South African players increased the pressure on Pietersen . The South African camp , however , dismissed the texts and claimed that the ECB had n't even asked them to see the messages before they dropped Pietersen . "  Text messages were sent , but it was banter , " said team manager Mohammed Moosajee . "  The ECB has not made a formal approach to see the text messages as is currently being reported in the media . " Pietersen has always been a controversial figure , with England 's management tolerating him due to his undeniable talent . He is one of a handful of England players to play in the lucrative Indian Premier League -- where he plays alongside several of the South African players -- and earlier this year retired from the national team 's one-day and Twenty 20 teams , apparently so he could play more limited-overs cricket in India and Australia . In a remarkable turn of events on Saturday , Pietersen released a YouTube video in which he reversed his retirement , committed himself to English cricket and attempted to explain some of the recent controversy . Crucially , he failed to apologize for the text messages . "  I 've had a change of heart because I love playing cricket for England , I love being part of a successful England team , " said Pietersen . "  It would be sad for me to finish with the way things have been running through the media in the last three or four days -- it would be sad to end my career like this . "  So sitting down with my family , my advisers , my close friends , we 've decided and I 've decided it would be a lot better to finish my career on a positive note rather than one that 's being developed at the moment . " The video did n't go far enough for the ECB , who instead called up promising youngster Jonny Bairstow . Pietersen is a regular on microblogging site Twitter , but was said to be furious when a parody account was set up -- called "  KP Genius " -- and it was followed by several senior England players . The were suggestions that one of Pietersen 's colleagues was responsible for the account , which had joked that Pietersen was motivated solely by money and thought he was better than the rest of the England squad . Eventually , a man called Richard Bailey , who describes himself as "  an England cricket fan , "  admitted he set up the account . To further complicate matters Stuart Broad , captain of England 's Twenty 20 side , is friends with Bailey . The ECB was forced to put out a statement on Broad 's behalf on Tuesday , less than 36 hours before the crucial Test got under way , denying any involvement with the account . "  Following the statement by Mr. Richard Bailey that he was responsible for creating a parody Twitter account in Kevin Pietersen 's name , I would like to confirm that I had no involvement in this whatsoever , " said Broad . "  I met with the managing director of England cricket , Hugh Morris , and assured him that I did not play any role in the creation of this account or provide Mr. Bailey with any information regarding Kevin Pietersen or the England team . "  As has been widely reported Mr. Bailey is a friend of mine , but we had no conversations regarding this issue at all and I am pleased that he has now decided to close the parody account down . " South Africa captain Graeme Smith described the situation as "  amazing , " and claimed that in the visitors ' dressing room the matter has "  hardly been discussed . " "  From our perspective it 's just been so overboard really . I ca n't believe it 's still carrying on , " he said . Smith , who is due to captain his country for a record-breaking 94th time at Lord 's , described Pietersen as "  world class , and warned England that it would be "  wrong " to say "  they 're not going to miss him . "	England and South Africa are the top two ranked sides in world cricket England need to win to maintain their number one ranking Kevin Pietersen has been dropped after "  provocative " text messages sent to opposition Pietersen has apologized , but is yet to discover if he will play again
Quito , Ecuador  CNN  -- Paola Concha is openly homosexual and is not afraid to speak about her sexual orientation publicly . But the 28-year-old Ecuadorian woman says her family did n't feel the same way . Five years ago , when she was 23 , she says , her family contacted a center that promised to cure Concha of her homosexuality . That , she says , is when her nightmare started . "  On December 8 of 2006 , they stormed into my house , overpowered me , they put me inside a van and took me to a so-called ` therapeutic ' center . By the time I got there , I was already handcuffed and beat up , " Concha said . The clinic was called Puente a la Vida , or Bridge to Life . In December , CNN was granted limited access to the clinic . It looked like a mid-level tourist resort with buildings , houses and meeting rooms where patients were treated . The facility is located on the outskirts of Quito , Ecuador 's capital . Concha says she endured all kinds of demeaning and abusive treatment during the 18 months she was held there . "  I was kept in handcuffs for more than three months . I would be left without food for more than three or four days . They would handcuff me in a bathroom to a toilet bowl facing a toilet that was used by 60 people at the center , " Concha said . While we were there in December , one of the clinic 's directors by the name of Luis Zavala declined to speak specifically about Concha 's allegations . But he did deny that their goal was to change the sexual orientation of their patients . Their objective , Zavala said , was "  to modify all inadequate behaviors that are causing a particular individual to take inadequate attitudes . " Government officials say this case is not isolated . In fact , they have found dozens of clinics that illegally offer treatments to "  cure " homosexuality . Some of these clinics operate as addiction treatment centers , but they offer homosexuality cures in a clandestine way . Some are located in urban settings , officials say , but many others are set up in ranches or houses in remote areas and attract clients by word of mouth . After the first allegations were made , Bridge to Life was targeted for an investigation last year . But officials could get only enough evidence to cite the clinic on a technicality . "  They say they found expired products . I would venture to say that the government has an ulterior motive , " Zavala said . Juan Moreira , Ecuador 's undersecretary of health , says expired products were indeed found in the women 's area of the clinic , so they closed that section . But that was only the beginning . "  That was really not the most serious violation , " Moreira said . "  What concerns us is that we have reports about their methods to change a person 's sexual orientation and treatments that include torture and human rights violations . " Since CNN visited Bridge to Life , the Ecuadorian government says , two raids were conducted at the clinic . More than 40 people were freed and the clinic was finally shut down for alleged human rights violations . Moreira says people being held there were reluctant to speak at first , apparently afraid of being punished by clinic personnel if they spoke about the treatment center in a negative way . But then , one by one , patients started telling investigators horror stories . Their testimonies , Moreira says , mirror Paola Concha 's story . After the clinic was shut down , CNN 's efforts to reach its director , Zavala , for a comment have been unsuccessful . Meanwhile , Concha has become a spokeswoman for the movement against clinics that claim to cure homosexuality and is working with organizations that aim to raise awareness on this issue . One such organization is Artikulacion Esporadika , a gay rights group in Quito . Cayetana Salao , the organization 's director , says that thanks in part to their efforts on this issue , the government has investigated and shut down 30 such clinics since July . "  These are all private clinics . They reflect our society 's biases and misconception about homosexuality . We still have a lot of homophobia and misogyny , " Salao said . "  Many people still consider lesbianism a disease and a psychiatric disorder . " A change in leadership at the Health Ministry is also good news for gay rights organizations . Carina Vance , a former executive director of Fundacion Causana , a gay rights group , and a respected gay rights activist in Ecuador , was named health minister earlier this month . Under her leadership , three raids have already taken place in the Quito area , and dozens of women have been rescued . Moreira , the health undersecretary , says new regulations for addiction treatment centers were implemented last year . Out of 302 centers they have investigated , 208 , or 69 percent , were found to be in violation of one or more of the new regulations . The government , Moreira says , is aggressively investigating reports of clinics supposedly offering to cure homosexuality . As a matter of policy , the undersecretary says , Ecuador does not recognize it as a disease and therefore anybody offering to "  cure " it is in violation of the law .	Paola Concha says she was beaten at clinic trying to "  cure " her homosexuality The clinic director denies they try to change sexual orientation The Ecuadorian government says other people 's stories support Concha 's More than 30 such clinics have been shut down since July , an activist says
CNN  -- Suspected Somali pirates hijacked a Greek-owned bulk carrier Wednesday with 22 crew members aboard , according to the European Union 's Naval Force for Somalia . MV Filitsa was seized in the early morning about 460 miles  740 kilometers  northeast of the Seychelles as it headed toward Durban , South Africa , according to a news release from EU NAVFOR Somalia . The Marshall Island-flagged carrier -- with three Greek and 19 Filipino crew members -- "  has now turned around and is heading north , " it said . The bulk carrier has a deadweight of more than 23,000 tons . There have been more than 100 pirate attacks and at least 39 hijackings off the east Africa this year , according to EU NAVFOR . In late October , Somali pirates seized a private yacht in the Indian Ocean , taking Paul and Rachel Chandler hostage . They have demanded a $ 7 million ransom for the British couple 's release , but the government has refused to pay as a matter of long-standing policy . Two vessels were attacked the day after the Chandlers set sail . One of them -- a cargo ship -- was successfully boarded and seized off the Seychelles , while the other fought off its attackers near the Kenyan coast . Pirates are still holding a Spanish fishing boat , the Alakrana , which they seized on October 2 off Somalia 's coast . Days later , they transferred three of the fishing boat 's 36 crew members to land . Two pirate suspects had left the Alakrana in a small vessel heading toward land , authorities said , and the Spanish military swooped in to stop them on the high seas . They were later brought to Madrid , where a judge has charged them with piracy and kidnapping . The pirates holding the crew have demanded Spain release the two suspects . Spain is part of the European Union task force against piracy in the Indian Ocean off Somalia . The Spanish parliament last January agreed to increase Spain 's presence with up to 395 troops and assets , including a frigate and aircraft . CNN 's Al Goodman contributed to this report	22 crew aboard Greek-owned bulk carrier MV Filitsa Ship changed directions , now heading north European Union Naval Force says More than 100 pirate attacks off East Africa this year
London  CNN  -- All flights into and out of London 's Gatwick Airport were temporarily suspended Monday after a plane was forced to make an emergency landing amid reports of smoke in the cabin . A Virgin Atlantic flight bound for Orlando , Florida , left Gatwick Airport at 10:48 a.m. BST but returned to make an emergency landing due to a technical problem at 12:30 p.m. Emergency services were on the scene , and all passengers were evacuated from the plane , according to an airport statement . Virgin would not confirm or deny media reports that the cause for the landing was smoke in the airplane 's cabin , but a spokeswoman for the West Sussex Fire and Rescue Service said it sent six pieces of fire equipment to deal with an incident at the airport . The plane 's emergency chutes were deployed to allow passengers to escape the aircraft , and four passengers sustained minor injuries , according to the airline . "  Due to a technical problem on board the aircraft , the captain decided as a precautionary measure to immediately evacuate the aircraft , " Virgin said in a statement . "  Our teams at Gatwick are now looking after our passengers and assisting with their immediate requirements . Virgin Atlantic is working closely with the authorities to establish the cause of this incident . " Gatwick Airport 's standby runway has been open since 2 p.m. BST to allow some flights to depart and arrive , but normal service has yet to resume , according to a spokeswoman . CNN 's Richard Quest said the evacuation of passengers after an emergency landing is an unusual procedure suggesting that the incident was of a serious nature . "  The pilot must have feared there was a fire onboard or a potential of flames in order to order a full evacuation , " he said . "  Otherwise you would just taxi in . " Virgin Atlantic said the Airbus A330-300 aircraft had 304 passengers , including three infants , and 10 crew members . Gatwick Airport is the UK 's second largest airport and the busiest single-runway airport in the world . It serves more than 200 destinations in 90 countries for about 34 million passengers a year .	Virgin flight bound for Florida returned because of technical problem Reports say smoke was in cabin , and all passengers were evacuated Standby runway was opened at 2 p.m. to allow some flights in and out Passenger evacuation suggests serious incident , CNN 's Richard Quest says
CNN  -- Four family members ' bodies were found after an intentionally set fire damaged a Florida home belonging to former tennis player James Blake , who was leasing it out , authorities said Wednesday . "  We have also confirmed that the fire was started intentionally by an unknown accelerant , " Hillsborough County Sheriff Col. Donna Lusczynski told reporters . Two bodies had upper body trauma , Lusczynski said . The four apparent family members -- two adults and two teenagers -- were found in their respective bedrooms after the early morning fire , Lusczynski said . Identifying the bodies will take several days , she said . The adults were in one bedroom , and each teen was in a separate bedroom , Lusczynski said . Authorities found small commercial-type fireworks in the Tampa home , officials said . Blake was not at the home at the time of the fire , Lusczynski said . He was leasing the property and was contacted by phone after the incident by sheriff 's officials . Blake , 34 , was once ranked No. 4 in tennis among world singles and played in the 2006 Tennis Masters Cup , according to his Facebook page . At 5:45 a.m. Wednesday , authorities received a 911 call about an explosion and then a fire at the home . Firefighters began extinguishing the fire and then discovered two bodies inside the 6,000-square-foot house , authorities said . Crews found a third body and then a fourth , the sheriff 's office said . "  Due to the magnitude of the structural damage caused by the fire , this investigation will be a slow , meticulous process , " the sheriff 's office said . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire was "  started intentionally by an unknown accelerant , " official says NEW : Two victims had upper body trauma NEW : Two adults are found in one bedroom , and teenage children in their own bedrooms Former tennis pro James Blake , 34 , owns the house but was leasing it
CNN  -- Simona Halep confirmed her reputation as one of the rising young stars of the WTA Tour by romping to the Qatar Open title Sunday . Halep was winning her third title , but victory from a draw which included Australian Open champion Li Na , was by far the biggest of her career . The 22-year-old thrashed sixth seed Angelique Kerber of Germany 6-2 6-3 in just 66 minutes in the final and will rise to ninth in the new world rankings this week . It followed her defeats of second and fourth seeds Agnieszka Radwanska and Sara Errani on the way to the title match . Despite her impressive recent form , Halep did not think she would win the tournament at the start of week . It 's amazing for me , because when I came here I did n't think I could reach the final , certainly not win , " she told the official WTA website . "  I had been competing indoors , but mentally I am very strong and I got the feel of the balls and the court here very well . I have to enjoy this now as the best moment of my life . " Halep was on top from the start as she immediately broke Kerber 's serve and only at 2-1 down in the second set did she trail before taking control again . On the ATP Tour , Czech Tomas Berdych claimed his first title for 16 months with a 6-4 6-2 victory over Marin Cilic of Croatia in the final . Cilic had gone into the title match off the back of nine straight wins , but third seed Berdych swept him aside . "  It feels so amazing , it 's been so long , To win the title here is a real bonus . I 'm extremely happy with how I handled things throughout the week , " he told AFP The Buenos Aires title went to clay court specialist David Ferrer as he beat Fabio Fognini of Italy 6-3 6-4 in the final . Ferrer was beaten by Rafael Nadal in the final of last year 's French Open and easily accounted for the second seed in Argentina . Nadal was due to compete but pulled out citing "  lack of preparation " as he battles back from the injury which struck him in the final of the Australian Open against Stanislas Wawrinka .	Simona Halep wins Qatar Open Romanian beats Angelique Kerber in final Tomas Berdych claims Rotterdam title David Ferrer triumphs in Buenos Aires
President Barack Obama responded on Monday to House Speaker John Boehner 's offer to compromise on tax rate increases with his own compromise on both tax increases and spending cuts , according to a source familiar with the discussions . Obama 's latest offer brings the two sides billions of dollars closer to a deal to avert the fiscal cliff , which promises tax increases on income of all levels and across-the-board spending cuts in the new year . For the first time , Boehner this weekend had offered to accept tax rate increases on household income over $ 1 million , sources said . Obama , who had stood steadfast at the threshold of $ 250,000 , on Monday offered Boehner a package which would raise rates on household income above $ 400,000 . The president also offered ground on cuts to discretionary federal government spending . His initial offers had included no cuts ; his latest offer cuts of $ 200 billion , divided evenly between defense and non-defense programs . The two men met face to face at the White House on Monday for 45 minutes , their third such meeting in eight days , a sign of an acceleration in the fiscal cliff negotiations . Neither side favors returning income tax rates to 1990s levels on all income . Hours before news of the president 's latest offer emerged , White House spokesman Jay Carney made it clear that more work needed to be done . "  The president 's proposal is the only proposal that we have seen that achieves the balance that is so necessary " between revenue and cost-cutting , said Carney , who refused to discuss specifics . Congress had been scheduled to end its work last week , but legislators returned to Washington on Monday and leaders warned members to be prepared to stay until Christmas and return after the holiday until year-end . "  It appears at this stage -- we 'll see if anything changes -- but it appears we 're going to be coming back the day after Christmas to complete work on the fiscal cliff , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said Monday . Last week , U.S. Rep. Chris Van Hollen , D-Maryland , said a deal would have to be reached by Christmas to allow time for the legislative process to approve the required measure or measures by the end of the year . The source told CNN that Obama 's latest offer includes $ 1.2 trillion in revenue increases on individual income and $ 1.22 trillion in spending reductions , though Boehner 's office said the math adds up differently . "  Any movement away from the unrealistic offers the president has made previously is a step in the right direction , but a proposal that includes $ 1.3 trillion in revenue for only $ 930 billion in spending cuts can not be considered balanced , " Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck said . "  We hope to continue discussions with the president so we can reach an agreement that is truly balanced and begins to solve our spending problem . " A senior GOP House aide posited that one difference in the math is the way the White House and Republicans are handling the consumer price index , which takes into account changes in the quantity and prices of products . Republican aides estimate that the CPI would increase tax revenues by an additional $ 95 billion over Obama 's estimated $ 1.2 trillion , putting the number closer to $ 1.3 trillion . They also do not count Obama 's estimated $ 290 billion in savings on national debt interest accumulation because they do not consider these savings real cuts . Obama 's plan , Republican aides said , does not include a 1-1 ratio of spending cuts and revenue . Obama 's proposal includes $ 130 billion in spending savings due to changes in the CPI . It is applied to many entitlement benefits , such as Social Security , to protect participants against rising prices . The chained CPI includes assumptions on consumer habits with regard to rising prices , such as seeking cheaper alternatives , and would result in smaller benefit increases in future years . Labor unions and advocacy groups for the elderly are expected to oppose it . Boehner has been under pressure from the White House , Democrats , the business community and some fellow Republicans to give up the staunch opposition to any increase in tax rates . Conservatives trying to shrink the federal government generally oppose increasing tax revenue . They are particularly opposed to higher tax rates because history shows that once rates go up , it is difficult to later reduce government revenue by lowering them again . Obama and Democrats argue that increased revenue , including higher tax rates on the wealthy , must be part of broader deficit reduction to prevent the middle class from getting hit too hard . The president 's plan also includes one of his key demands on the national debt , a two-year extension of the debt ceiling being subject to periodic congressional votes under the so-called McConnell mechanism . That allows the president to notify congress of a debt-ceiling increase . Congress could then take no action and let it go into effect or vote to deny the increase . Without that mechanism , Congress would have to approve all debt-ceiling increases . An aide to Boehner said earlier any such increase would have to be offset by spending cuts and reforms .	President Barack Obama raises income cutoff for higher tax rates to $ 400,000 Obama also offers $ 200 billion in discretionary spending cuts House Speaker Boehner concedes on higher tax rates , debt limit Boehner and Obama meet for 45 minutes on Monday
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- The battle over Texas ' attempts to change its law on abortion ran well into the night at the state capitol in Austin , with thousands milling around , all wanting to be heard during a public hearing . People representing both sides of the issue signed up to testify Tuesday at a House committee meeting on HB2 , a bill that would impose strict new regulations on abortions in the state . The measure seeks to ban abortions past 20 weeks of gestation , mandate abortion clinics to become ambulatory surgical centers , and require doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing abortion services . Critics said the measure would shut down most abortion clinics in Texas , denying access to many , while proponents say it will raise the standard of care for women in Texas . It was a heated night and middle ground was hard to come by . Anti-abortion activists , all wearing blue shirts , joined together in shared prayer , telling stories of how abortions destroy lives . "  In 1979 I paid a registered physician $ 300 to kill my second child . I hated myself it almost destroyed me , " Susan Collins said . Texas governor says ` no mob rule ' in Legislature on abortion Nearby , abortion rights activists , dressed in orange , tried to drown out their opponents with drumming , cheering , and chanting slogans about personal liberty . The opinions of many were summed up by a young woman who yelled , "  I 'm  expletive  tired of men trying to tell me what I can and can not do with my body ! " The initial House bill failed last week after a day and night of drama in which state Sen. Wendy Davis , D-Fort Worth , talked for more than 10 hours in an attempt to run out the clock on the legislative session . But Gov. Rick Perry called a special session so the legislature could take up the measure again . Can Rick Perry overcome last presidential run ? Almost 2,000 people signed up to speak for three minutes , but by the end of the night , fewer than 100 were able to share their thoughts with the committee . Registered nurse Vivian Femmy , who works at a pregnancy crisis center , said she supports the measure . "  I have been there on the front lines with the woman we are talking about today , " she said . "  I am pro-choice , and I am pro-woman . I am pro-woman getting the kind of abortion care that is the finest care she can get . I support this bill because of what it will do to improve medical standards . " Elizabeth Grune arrived at the capitol at 8 a.m. and finally got her chance to speak at 6:45 p.m. "  Christians , we need the separation of church and state , " she said . "  I do n't believe in abortion but it is legal and as such all women deserve equal access . " The room used by the House committee filled almost immediately , and most people watched the proceedings in nine other rooms . One man who had been waiting to speak against the bill for hours angrily stormed out of the committee room when testimony was closed . "  My grandmother died from a back alley abortion ! " he shouted . Many abortions rights activists fear the legislation would restrict access to safe abortions and make women turn to more dangerous methods . Outside of the hearing room in an outdoor courtyard , it was prayer circles versus drum circles for more than eight hours . At the end of the night , with more than 1,000 people still waiting to testify , the bill cleared the committee with an 8-3 vote . The Texas Senate must now vote on the version of the bill in one of its committees before both bills can be brought to the full House and Senate floors . A final vote is expected next week . Opinion : The truth about the Texas filibuster and abortion	Groups from both sides of the abortion debate crowd the Texas capitol Almost 2,000 people sign up to speak at a House committee hearing The bill would ban most abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy It passes a committee with an 8-3 vote ; the Senate is looking at its own version
Brisbane , Australia  CNN  -- Emergency services and Australian military personnel stepped up the search Friday for dozens of people still missing in Queensland as authorities and residents tried to assess the damage caused by the state 's worst flooding in decades . One of the 15 bodies recovered was found 80 kilometers from where the person had been washed away , said Queensland Police Commissioner Bob Atkinson . Some bodies might never be recovered , he said . Floodwaters that carved a muddy trail of destruction through Brisbane , the state capital , have started to recede , but officials warn the cleanup will take months . More than 20,000 homes were inundated after the normally subdued Brisbane River turned into a raging torrent as weeks of rain pushed it to more than 4 meters at high tide early Thursday . Queensland Premier Anna Bligh fought back tears as she described the damage inflicted by the state 's "  worst natural disaster in our history . " The search was concentrated to the west of Brisbane , near Toowoomba , which was all but submerged when a wall of water tore through the town on Monday . "  There has to be an expectation of further deaths and further bodies . ... We have to steel ourselves for that terrible outcome , " said Australian Defence Minister Stephen Smith . Residents in Brisbane were being urged not to enter floodwater because of the risk of illness after sewage plants along the river were inundated . Sightseers were warned to stay clear of the Brisbane River or risk hampering emergency service operations . Some 200 people , including members of the Australian Defence Force , Special Emergency Services and police , searched vast tracts of land and swollen waters for 55 people still missing . Prime Minister Julia Gillard spoke to reporters at Amberley Air Force Base outside Brisbane , where she was preparing to board a plane to tour the area . She said the number of ADF personnel deployed for rescue and cleanup work was being boosted to 1,200 . That represents the biggest deployment of ADF personnel for a natural disaster since Cyclone Tracy devastated the northern Australian city of Darwin on Christmas Eve 1974 , killing 71 people . Aerial views of Brisbane showed islands of roofs and treetops jutting from a sea of muddy brown water -- or stranded high-rises jutting starkly from murky river overflow . The Brisbane River , which slices through the city , peaked Thursday at 4.6 meters  more than 15 feet  , about a meter below predictions and below the level set by the last major flood in 1974 . Officials had predicted a crest at 5.2 meters . Bligh said 11,900 homes in Brisbane were fully flooded and 14,700 were partially flooded . In addition , about 2,500 businesses were fully inundated and 2,500 more were partially inundated , she said . Many of them will never again be habitable , she said . "  There 's a lot of heartache and grief as people start to see , for the first time , what has happened to their homes and their streets , " Bligh told ABC News 24 . "  In some cases , we have street after street where every home has been inundated to the roof level . " Queensland police have arrested 10 people on 18 charges of looting , Atkinson said . Nine of the incidents were in Brisbane and one in Ipswich . If convicted , offenders could face up to 10 years in prison . Some 600 members of the Australian Defence Force were helping and more were expected , said Bligh . She predicted that Brisbane 's Central Business District was "  largely operational , " and will likely be fully operational next week , when power is expected to be restored to 10 office buildings . The flooding in Brisbane follows flooding elsewhere in the state . Soon after Christmas , water from torrential rains swamped the northern city of Rockhampton , 600 kilometers  370 miles  north of Brisbane , triggering a massive recovery operation to rebuild the town . Those floodwaters have been sweeping toward the coasts since then . So far , 70 towns and cities in Queensland have been affected by the flood , Bligh said . Homeowners who had evacuated their properties started returning Thursday to assess the damage . Some rowed out on inflatable boats , surfboards and whatever else they could find . One man was seen walking in the murky water up to his chin . Mark Grant reached his West End property , in central Brisbane , by kayak . "  I 've got a couple of thousand dollars worth of surfboards under the house and we 'd left the garage door open to avoid structural damage to the house and I wanted to get them before they floated out to sea , " he said after paddling back to higher ground in his street , which was smeared with mud and littered with flood-damaged furniture . He , his wife and three children abandoned their home on Tuesday evening after the water rose 1 meter inside their garage . By late Thursday , the brown , murky water had risen more than half a meter above the second floor . The depth of the water surprised him . "  We 'd been advised by the council that the building height we built at was a meter above the 1974 floods when in fact it 's quite a bit below the 1974 floods , " he said . "  It 's only now that we 've worked that out . " Farther down the street , Jody Jackson walked down her driveway , where sodden mattresses were piled on a muddy armchair and TV . She and her husband had been staying in the nearby hostel her husband manages , but abandoned it for the main flood evacuation center at the RNA Showgrounds . They were among more than 1,000 people who slept Wednesday night on inflatable mattresses at the center . Numbers are expected to fall in coming days as people find alternative accommodations . "  We 've been coming back and forward just to check " on the hostel , Jackson said . "  It 's not as bad as we expected . " But many others were n't so lucky . Elsewhere in the city , floodwater rose to rooftops , submerging houses and creating a logistical and financial headache for homeowners waiting for the water to drop so they could check the damage . CNN 's John Raedler contributed to this report .	"  There 's a lot of heartache and grief , " Bligh says Fifteen dead and 55 missing , officials say The search for survivors continues More than 20,000 homes have been inundated
CNN  -- What happened to the attorney general of Hama ? The mystery surrounding judge Adnan Bakkour deepened Thursday as Syrian state media and the attorney general himself offered conflicting narratives of his whereabouts . Syria 's state news agency first highlighted Bakkour 's case Tuesday , when it reported that he had been kidnapped by "  seven gunmen with rifles and machine guns " near the village of Karnaz . The next day , however , a video emerged on YouTube where a gray-haired man in a gray suit and tie introduced himself to the camera as Bakkour . "  I announce my resignation from my position with the Assad regime and his gangs , " the judge said . Bakkour calmly read from a piece of paper , while seated at a desk , with a glass of water by his left hand and a Toshiba laptop by his right . He went on to list reasons for his resignation . Bakkour accused Syrian authorities of killing 72 prisoners at the central prison in Hama . He claimed there was a mass grave with 420 bodies in a place called Al Khalidiya , and accused the government of trying to frame the opposition for the killings . "  They  the government  asked me to prepare a report and present it to them showing that the victims were killed by the protesters , " Bakkour said . The attorney general also accused security services of torturing and killing more than 300 demonstrators . CNN can not independently confirm these claims . The government in Damascus has denied repeated requests for CNN journalists to visit Syria . Soon after the release of Bakkour 's video resignation , the Syrian state news agency SANA fired back , saying the attorney general had been coerced by kidnappers to make false statements . Citing an unnamed "  official source " in the city of Hama , SANA wrote that "  armed terrorist groups who kidnapped " Bakkour "  forced him to say these lies at gunpoint . " The SANA article accused the Arabic news channel Al Jazeera of collaborating with kidnappers to mislead Syrian public opinion . But hours later , Bakkour was back on camera in another video uploaded to YouTube . This time , he appeared standing , wearing the same suit , but now without a tie . "  What Syrian TV broadcast that I had been kidnapped by armed groups is untrue , " Bakkour said . "  I am now protected by the rebels and I am in good health . Today is Wednesday August 31st . Shabiha  pro-government militia  tried to kidnap me today but they failed to do so . I will make live statements as soon as I leave Syria , soon . " If Bakkour has in fact defected , it would mark a major blow to the Syrian government , said one prominent Syrian activist in exile , . "  He  Bakkour  has been appointed directly by the minister of justice . He is the highest authority among all the judges in Hama , " said Rami Abdulrahman , director of the London-based Syrian Observatory of Human Rights . "  We can not confirm whether or not he has defected or whether he has been kidnapped , " Abdulrahman added . The western Syrian city of Hama has been at the center of the protests , with fierce crackdowns last month that included military tanks and government forces raiding homes . Since the uprising first erupted in Syria more than five months ago , a number of men have appeared in similar videos wearing military uniforms and announcing their defection from the Syrian army . Meanwhile , Syrian state TV has also broadcast televised confessions of men who claimed to commit acts of political violence on the part of the Syrian opposition . The United Nations Human Rights Commissioner has reported that more than 2,200 people have been killed since the security forces launched a bloody campaign to crush anti-government protests last March . Citing a pattern of widespread , systematic human rights abuses , UN Human Rights Commissioner Navi Pillay says the Damascus regime may be guilty of "  crimes against humanity . "	State media reports that he was kidnapped by seven gunmen The next day , a gray-haired man introduces himself as Adnan Bakkour on YouTube He calmly reads from a piece of paper while seated at a desk He lists reasons for his resignation in the video
CNN  -- Roger Federer set up an all Swiss final at the Monte Carlo Masters after beating an injured Novak Djokovic in the semifinal on Saturday . The 32-year-old swept to 7-5 6-2 win over the Serb who was hampered by a wrist injury to book a place in Sunday 's final against compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka . Defending champion Djokovic , who was playing with a heavily strapped right forearm , battled hard but was powerless to stop Federer who wrapped up the win in just 75 minutes . The 26-year-old sustained the injury prior to the tournament he told reporters earlier this week and now faces a race against time to be fit for the French Open which gets underway on May 25 . The world No. 2 revealed afterwards that the wrist does not need surgery but he could n't say how long he might be out of action . "  I 'm going to go see the doctors tonight and then tomorrow again have another MRI , see if anything changed in the seven days since I had the last one , " Djokovic said . "  I 'll just rest now . I can not play tennis for some time -- how long , I do n't know . It 's really not in my hands anymore . I 'm going to rest and see when it can heal 100 % , then I will be back on the court . " Federer 's victory secured a fourth final appearance at Monte Carlo in a tournament he has never won . "  For me it comes as a bit of a surprise to be in the finals again of a tournament this year , especially the first one on clay . But , of course , I 'll take it , " Federer said . "  I feel like I have put in the performance to be there , gave myself the opportunity this week . So I 'm very happy with my play . Now I set up the dream finals for Stan and myself and Swiss tennis and the Swiss fans . It 's very exciting times right now . " "  I think it 's incredible that we are in the finals together , the same week we 've been playing well for some time now . That we 're able to have this moment together on a center court , it 's so rare . " Wawrinka made light work of Ferrer , who 24 hours earlier had put out eight-time champion Nadal , winning through 6-1 7-6  7/3  . The 29-year-old raced through the first set in just over half-an-hour before overpowering a more aggressive Ferrer in the second . The world No. 3 will need to be on top form again in Sunday 's final against Federer who holds a 13-1 advantage in head-to-head matches . Wawrinka will take heart from the fact that his solitary win came at Monte Carlo back in 2009 but also from the impressive showing against Ferrer . "  I 'm not surprised with my game or the way I 'm playing , " Wawrinka said . "  Today was a little bit slower . It was a little bit windy at the beginning . It was important to move well , be aggressive . That was my plan . I started really well . I know when I 'm moving well and I can dictate the game , I 'm always good against him . I did a really good job , especially at the beginning . " Read more : Belinda Bencic ready to embrace greatness Read more : Federer to put new baby ahead of French Open	Federer beats injured Djokovic to set up final against Stanislas Wawrinka Djokovic unsure how long wrist injury will keep him out of action Serb a doubt for French Open which gets underway on May 25 Wawrinka beats David Ferrer in straight sets in other semifinal
CNN  -- It was supposed to have been over in a few days . World powers would go in with fighter jets and the world 's most sophisticated precision-guided weapons to render Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi powerless . But that 's not the way things happened . As NATO 's airstrikes crossed the 100-day mark , analysts blamed a host of faulty assumptions , including success based solely on surgical airstrikes , for a protracted war that some fear could drag on for more months . "  It 's absolutely wrong to think that an air campaign can win this , " said Andrew McGregor of the Jamestown Foundation and director of Aberfoyle International Security , a Toronto-based agency specializing in security issues related to the Islamic world . The basic problem , McGregor said , stemmed from presuppositions about the fortitude of the Libyan opposition . Buoyed by the successful uprisings to the east in Egypt and to the west in Tunisia , Libyan rebels believed they had the mettle to bring down Gadhafi . Western powers believed that with a little help , Libya could be freed from totalitarian rule . But rebels launched an armed insurrection against a man who had spent four long decades preparing his state for unforeseen challenges . This was n't a peaceful revolution of the masses against a government that had no public support . "  This revolt never really had the strength to succeed , " McGregor said . "  There was this feeling among the rebels that all we have to do is show up . But you should take a couple of years to get it organized first . If you 're just going to run out on the streets , the results will be predictable . " Four months on , the rebels are not capable of supporting themselves , McGregor said . They are out of fuel , oil production has shut down , and they have few available resources . They will soon face even shortages of food and water , McGregor said . President Barack Obama faces pressure at home to withdraw U.S. forces . There is debate , too , in Europe over the expensive air campaign . The war may have been morally right , but NATO , said McGregor , is facing a conundrum . Part of that failure was a lack of consideration of the makeup of the Libyan population , said University of Texas political scientist Alan J. Kuperman , author of "  The Limits of Humanitarian Intervention . " "  The fundamental error by the White House and NATO was to imagine that the Libyan people were united in opposition to Gadhafi , " he said . "  In reality , Libya is divided along lines of clan and tribe , some of whom benefit greatly from Gadhafi , and therefore defend him fiercely , " he said . "  Any expert on ethnic conflict and intervention could have told the White House that ahead of time . " In that respect , said Thomas Donnelly , director of the Center for Defense Studies , the Libyan war has the potential for fallout that is worse than what happened after President George W. Bush declared "  mission accomplished " weeks after Saddam Hussein 's 2003 ouster in the Iraq war . "  To imagine that Libyans are going to come together -- is a hope , but not a plan , " Donnelly said . "  It was a mistake to get involved in such a feckless way . " Behind the rhetorical rallying cry of protecting civilians , Donnelly said , has always been the real aim of NATO -- to kill Gadhafi . "  If you made me bet my mortgage at gunpoint , I 'd say we probably will get Gadhafi , " he said . But the question is when . And if it does n't happen in a timely fashion , then NATO risks the erosion of public support for its campaign , Donnelly said . "  In some sense , 100 days is a short period of time , " he said . "  But when your political support is so tenuous and thin , and when your operations have heretofore been ineffective in achieving campaign goals , then taking ground forces off the table has not made the war any shorter or any less bloody . " The Libyan regime has also proven itself to be more robust and resilient than anyone imagined . It would be a mistake , said Donnelly , to assume that killing Gadhafi would mean a collapse of the entire system . The Libya conflict has sometimes been compared to NATO 's air war in the Balkans in the 1990s . Many people thought the Serbs would go down instantly once NATO began bombing . They did n't . And eventually , it was the threat of a ground invasion that led to the capitulation of then-Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic . Gadhafi , however , faces no such threat . And some believe the arrest warrant issued by the International Criminal Court this week will only help strengthen his resolve to stay in power . "  If Barack Obama had thought a hundred days ago that he would be where he is now , you have to wonder whether he would have made the same decision , " Donnelly said . "  How can you tell the American people we 're going to start jumping over the fence and we have no idea where we are going to come down ? " But not everyone is pessimistic about prospects in Libya . Ali Ahmida , for one , stands by his belief that the Libyan opposition can defeat Gadhafi . The rebels , he said , have made noticeable gains with the support of NATO air power . He cited recent rebel takeovers of western towns in the Nafusa Mountains and said Gadhafi is more isolated now than ever before . "  The Libyan people are capable of fighting this fight , " said Ahmida , an analyst at the University of New England . "  The consequences of this , even though it is more painful and brutal , will have a positive outcome in the end . " It has not been easy for Ahmida to watch the conflict unfold in Libya . But he is a strong proponent for self-determination who feels strongly that the Libyan people , not outside forces , must determine their fate . "  I warned against this from the start , that Libyan public opinion would not like it , " he said , referring to the possibility of foreign boots on the ground . And Ahmida still questions the motivation of Western powers and the agendas of exiles who he fears may want to exploit oil-rich Libya . "  I 'm optimistic but guarded , " he said . Ahmida said the bad news is that NATO lacked clarity in its mission and also in a negotiated exit for Gadhafi , which he said is more difficult now because of the arrest warrant for alleged crimes against humanity . Still , Gadhafi 's regime will fall , he said . Then the real battle for the future of Libya will just be starting .	An air war alone is not enough , say some analysts But without ground troops , what is the end game ? Some fear a protracted war that could go on for months A Libyan analyst says self-determination is key
Washington  CNN  Several post-Romney 2016 dynamics on the GOP side , plus two big debates with complications for congressional Republicans filled our Super Bowl Sunday trip around the "  Inside Politics " table . 1 . MITT BOWS OUT , AND JEB MOVES IN With Mitt Romney now officially out of the 2016 GOP nomination chase , New Hampshire becomes a more wide-open race , and the Jeb Bush camp is hoping to make fast inroads . Jonathan Martin of The New York Times notes with a crowded field , Iowa 's vote likely will be splintered and the state is known for its strong evangelical base . South Carolina , stop three on the calendar , could be influenced by the possible candidacy of home state senator Lindsey Graham . Romney would have been the early New Hampshire favorite . But now ? "  I 'm told that immediately after Mitt made his move on Friday , the Jeb folks started to figure out how they can get two key operatives in that state , Jim Merrill and Tom Rath , both old New Hampshire pros , both of whom were Mitt guys who had stayed loyal to Mitt but are now free agency , " said Martin . 2 . COMING SOON : A PARADE OF LONGER THAN LONG SHOTS Watch New Hampshire over the next couple weeks and you might come to the conclusion it is easier to count the Republicans NOT considering a 2016 presidential run . On tap to visit soon : former GOP Govs. George Pataki of New York , Jim Gilmore of Virginia and Bob Ehrlich of Maryland . Also , former U.N. Ambassador John Bolton and former high tech CEO Carly Fiorina have New Hampshire travel plans . All of them are longer than long shots , should they run . But former Texas Gov. Rick Perry is due back , and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , too . Team Christie views New Hampshire as critical -- and hopes the lack of a competitive Democratic race could help his case . In New Hampshire , independents can vote in either primary , and Team Christie thinks more of them might be inclined to cast their votes for a GOP candidate . 3 . RAND HITS THE ROAD Rand Paul was the most active GOP contender early on , and Politico 's Mike Allen reports the freshman Kentucky senator has a busy travel schedule ahead as he tries to build his support -- and not always in predictable ways . "  We 're told that Rand Paul is going to travel every weekend , going forward -- he 's not going to do many cattle calls , " said Allen . "  Everybody else was in Iowa last weekend , he 's in Iowa next weekend , because he can draw a crowd on his own . " "  And something that he 's doing , as he travels the country , is meeting with physicians -- thinking about a way to bring in some people who are not necessarily politically active who can give , who can talk about among the community , so he 's talking to the fellow doctors as he goes around . " But Paul is also including some GOP stops that are a bit more predictable : "  He 's back to red meat next weekend in Iowa , " said Allen . "  He 's doing a liberty event and his big rally is audit the Fed . That 's about the reddest meat that you can get . " 4 . GROUNDHOG DAY : BUT FOR SOME IN GOP , THIS OBAMACARE VOTE IS DIFFERENT House Republicans are planning to vote yet again on legislation that would repeal Obamacare , keeping a 2014 promise to voters even though they have no prayer of getting President Barack Obama to sign on . But for some GOPers , NPR 's Juana Summers says , the calculations are a little different because the law has been in effect for a few years now -- and access to health care is expanding even in Red America . "  This time , a lot of Republicans in this new Congress , many of them freshmen who are from conservative states , particularly in the South , are going to have to actually vote for something that 's now in play , but is actually giving people in their districts -- whose votes that they 're going to need -- health insurance , " said Summers . "  This could put some Republicans , who in two more years will have to run again , in really , really tricky place , especially if they have core constituents who are benefiting . " 5 . BEST WAY TO CAVE ? GOP LOOKS TO ESCAPE BORDER FUNDING FIGHT Republicans won big in 2014 , and came to Washington full of energy to start 2015 . So one might find it hard to believe the party 's theme for the looming Department of Homeland Security spending fight might be best described as searching for the best way -- and time -- for the GOP establishment to cave . Jackie Kucinich of The Daily Beast laid out the calculations : "  And whether that means letting it go off the cliff or what -- whether it means letting it go off the cliff and then coming back ... They all kind of think they 're going to cave , they just have to find the best way to do it . "	Jeb Bush 's post-Romney New Hampshire calculations Rand Paul 's weekend travel plans & surprising strategies GOP immigration showdown : figuring out how "  to cave "
The Department of Justice has sent a letter to House Speaker John Boehner saying it will not ask the U.S. Supreme Court to review a federal appeals court ruling that blocked new graphic warnings on cigarette packages . The government had until April 5 to appeal the ruling , which struck down the mandate , saying the requirements were a violation of free speech protections . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration instead will "  undertake research to support a new rule-making consistent with the Tobacco Control Act , " the FDA said in a written statement , meaning the agency will have to create new warning labels to comply with the 2009 law . A federal judge in March 2012 had ruled in favor of the tobacco companies , and in August in a 2-1 ruling , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia panel affirmed that ruling . The American Cancer Society and the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids both called on the FDA to quickly develop new warnings . The cancer society said current warning labels , which have been around for 25 years , are now ineffective . "  Every day that the current warnings remain in place is another day in which the tobacco industry misleads children and adults about the hazards of smoking and the health of the nation is compromised , " Chris Hansen , president of the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network , said in a news release . FDA reveals bigger , graphic warning labels for cigarette packages The Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids said it believed the appeals court ruling was wrong on science and the law . It said in a statement that tobacco companies are fighting the graphic warnings because they know they are effective . "  The graphic warnings would counter the industry 's deception and tell the truth about how deadly and unglamorous smoking truly is , " Matthew L. Myers , president of Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids , said . R.J. Reynolds , the tobacco giant involved in the lawsuit , did n't immediately respond to an email seeking comment . The proposed images include a man exhaling smoke through a hole in his throat ; diseased lungs next to healthy lungs ; a mouth bearing what appear to be cancerous lesions ; a bare-chested male cadaver with chest staples down his torso . The word and image warning labels would have covered half of the cigarette packs sold at retail outlets and 20 % of cigarette advertising . The federal law in question would also regulate the amount of nicotine and other substances in tobacco , and limit promotion of the products and related promotional merchandise at public events like sporting contests . Tobacco giants suing FDA over warning labels mandate Several other lawsuits over the labels are pending in federal court , part a two-decade federal and state effort to force tobacco companies to limit their advertising and settle billions of dollars in state and private class-action claims over the health dangers of smoking . According to the Centers for Disease Control the percentage of adult Americans who smoke has declined since 1965 from 42.4 % to 18.9 % in 2011 , but the rate has leveled off in recent years . Cigarette smoking is the leading cause of "  preventable death " in the United States , the CDC said , killing about 443,000 people per year as of 2004 .	FDA will design new labels after graphic ones were invalidated in court Charities say labels would counter tobacco companies ` deception ' Courts ruled labels violated free speech rights Numbers of Americans smoking has declined , but leveled off in recent years
PEOPLE.com  -- Rosie O'Donnell was attracted to Michelle Rounds the moment she saw her in a Starbucks this summer . But she never thought it would be reciprocated . "  I thought she was a 28-year-old heterosexual girl , because that 's what she looked like to me . And she 's a 40-year-old gay woman , " O'Donnell , 49 , tells ABC 's "  Nightline " in an interview airing Monday night . She adds with a laugh : "  My gaydar was way off ! " RELATED : Rosie O'Donnell : ` I 've Stopped Being So Angry ' But O'Donnell , who recently said she 's in love , thinks maybe it 's a good thing she thought Rounds was straight . "  I think if I had known that she was gay , I would n't have been brave enough to talk to her , " she says . O'Donnell 's new nightly talk show , "  The Rosie Show , " debuts Monday on the OWN network . See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	O'Donnell recently said she 's in love O'Donnell was attracted to Rounds the moment she saw her in a Starbucks Her new nightly talk show , "  The Rosie Show , " debuts Monday on the OWN network
