CNN  -- Keep giving Pat Sajak answers involving a horse , and he is bound to say neigh . The "  Wheel of Fortune " host could n't take it anymore when some contestants answered a puzzle wrong using the word "  horse . " And it was hilarious . The action happened during Monday night 's Best Friends Week episode , which was filmed in Hawaii . The category was "  What are you doing , " and with only the letter "  N " turned up in the four-word phrase , one of the contestants yelled out , "  riding a brown horse ! " "  That 's amazing , and it 's wrong , " Sajak , 68 , responded . Pat Sajak catches heat for global warming tweet Another contestant correctly guessed that the puzzle included the letter "  G " but incorrectly guessed the phrase to be "  riding a white horse . " Sajak shook his head and walked off the set , much to the amusement of the audience and contestant . He quickly returned before yelling , "  Who said anything about a horse ?!?! " After more than 30 years hosting the popular game show , Sajak has seen many people tripped up by pronunciation  remember the student who had the entire puzzle solved and mispronounced "  Achilles " ?  and those who were just slightly off  like the contestant who went with "  elevator train platform " instead of "  elevated train platform "  . We would n't blame him if he wanted to head out to pasture . ` Wheel of Fortune ' contestant blows ` Surf City ' puzzle	Two contestants gave wrong answers Monday night They both involved horses , for some reason Sajak yelled , "  Who said anything about a horse ? " and wandered off
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Four jurors in the Michael Jackson wrongful death trial said they feel cheated by the outcome , which they blame on a misleading verdict form . The six-month-long trial ended in October with a victory for AEG Live , the concert promoter Jackson 's mother and children had claimed was liable for his death because it hired , retained or supervised the doctor convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the death . The jurors , whose sworn statements were attached to a motion for a new trial filed Thursday by Katherine Jackson 's lawyers , said most of the jury wanted to find concert promoter AEG Live liable in Jackson 's 2009 death . Along with arguing that the verdict form was faulty , the Jackson lawyers contend the judge erred by refusing to let them pursue a negligence claim independent of the hiring case . AEG not liable in Michael Jackson 's death , jury finds Jackson died from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol on June 25 , 2009 , which Dr. Conrad Murray told police he used to treat the pop icon 's insomnia as he prepared for a tour produced by AEG Live . They jurors used the words "  stunned , " "  upset " and "  shocked " when they were told they had to stop deliberations after a majority agreed that the answer was "  no " to the second question on the verdict form -- "  Was Dr. Conrad Murray unfit or incompetent to perform the work for which he was hired ? " One juror called the question "  a trap that prevented us from deliberating on the real issues of the case . " "  After sitting through almost six months of the trial in this case , I believed that Mrs. Jackson had proven her case against AEG LIve , " another juror said . "  Despite this fact , I had no way of voting in favor of the plaintiffs because of the way that the verdict form was worded . " Jackson lawyers , in their arguments for a new trial , contend that Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazeulos erred by denying their request to add the words "  at any time " to the question . The four jurors , whose names were redacted from the documents released by the court , agreed . "  I would like the judge to know that we did not have the opportunity to deliberate or render a verdict on the plaintiffs claims that Dr Murray did not become unfit or incompetent until after the conflict of interest was created , Dr. Murray 's duties were changed , pressures were mounting , or even after the contract was prepared and signed by Dr. Murray , " one juror said . The jury voted "  no " only after one member convinced them that the question could have only meant "  at the time he was hired , " two of the juror statements said . Conrad Murray talks about Michael Jackson 's death "  During our deliberations , I asked to send a question to the judge to explain Question 2 , but by then the foreman had already answered ` no ' and followed the instructions to sign the form , " one said . "  I feel so cheated because I sat through five months of trial and listened to a lot of evidence on the ethical conflict created -- yet I never got to even deliberate at all on that issue or even review the hundreds of exhibits that had been brought in . " Another juror said they decided not to ask the judge for direction on the second question because "  we did not want anyone to know where we were in deliberations . " "  I do not believe that the verdict form was fair or worded correctly , and as phrased , Question 2 was a trap that prevented us from deliberating on the real issues of the case , " a juror said . The same juror described the emotional toll it has caused . "  Since the jury verdict , I have been very upset , and initially I was unable to eat or even check my e-mails because I was so sorry about the verdict and the fact that justice was not done in this case , because of how question 2 on the verdict form was worded . " "  I do not think that justice was achieved in this case , " another said . The affidavits revealed that one of the 12 jurors refused to stop deliberating despite being told it was over . "  He insisted that we continue answering the rest of the questions , " a juror said . Judge Palazeulos will hear arguments on the new trial motion on January 3 .	Four jurors gave sworn statements to help Katherine Jackson get a new trial The trial ended with a victory for the concert promoter that Jackson 's family had sued One juror called the verdict form "  a trap that prevented us from deliberating on the real issues " "  I do not think that justice was achieved in this case , " another jurors says
CNN  -- Does the David Petraeus extramarital affair pose a threat to national security ? The scandal reinforces the risks of age-old intelligence-gathering landmines -- be careful what you say and where you say it . But analysts doubt national security was compromised . "  Petraeus ' potential exposure to blackmail , and the dangers associated with the use of nonofficial e-mail accounts that he needed to keep the affair secret , made this a potential national security issue , " said Stephen Biddle , a professor of political science and international affairs at The George Washington University . Petraeus probe includes top general in Afghanistan "  The FBI concluded that this was only potential , and that no meaningful security breaches had actually occurred , but the affair created a risk that could have been exploited in the future . " Petraeus resigned last week from the head of the CIA after admitting an affair with a woman later identified as his biographer , Paula Broadwell , 40 , a fellow West Point graduate who spent months studying the general 's leadership of U.S. forces in Afghanistan . The revelation came during an FBI probe of another matter , and it led to the shocking fall of the celebrated and revered four-star Army general , who once ran the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . The affair came to light during an FBI investigation of "  jealous " e-mails reportedly sent by Broadwell to a U.S. Central Command volunteer named Jill Kelley , a government source familiar with the investigation told CNN on Monday . Timeline of the Petraeus affair Kelley received the worrisome e-mails in May , an official said , describing the messages as along the lines of "  stay away from my guy , " but not explicitly threatening . According to a source with knowledge of the e-mails , the messages accused Kelley of untoward behavior with some generals at MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa , Florida , where Kelley did volunteer work . The e-mails detailed the "  comings and goings of the generals and Ms. Kelley , " said the source , who declined to speak on the record because of sensitivity of the investigation . Among those believed to be referenced in the e-mails was Petreaus . Because parts of Petreaus ' schedule were not public , the e-mails raised questions about whether the sender of the e-mails had access to his private schedule or other sensitive information . Kelley , 37 , and her husband Scott released a statement saying they have been friends with Petraeus and his family for more than five years , and asked for privacy . Opinion : Petraeus adultery no big deal Robert Baer , a CNN contributor and former CIA operative , said the situation is troubling because Petraeus could have innocently told Broadwell secrets he should n't have in casual conversation . Also , in a speech at the end of October , Broadwell suggested the terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , took place because the United States was housing Libyan prisoners there -- a theory , she noted at the time , that had not been vetted yet . The claim by Broadwell has since been discounted by administration officials . Baer said it 's rare in a relationship that a person would n't cross the line and say things he or she should n't have said . But "  my gut is there 's nothing there , " he said , and that Petraeus did n't say anything he should n't have to Broadwell . Opinion : 5 things we 've learned from Petraeus scandal Nevertheless , he said , the "  potential is big here for policy and security implications . " "  It 's a spy agency 's worst nightmare , " he said . "  They 've let an outsider in , which is always a terrible error . " As for the morality of the situation , Baer said extramarital relations do happen when the Army and the CIA go to war . The Petraeus affair : A lot more than sex "  I would be more worried if he were asexual , " Baer said of Petraeus . "  It should n't distract from his legacy . " Retired Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , for whom Broadwell once worked and who knows Petraeus , said he doubts security protocols were breached despite what seems an unlikely indiscretion on the part of Petraeus . A senior U.S. intelligence official said an extramarital affair by a CIA officer is not automatically considered a security violation . Analysis : Will national security scandal create national security risk ? "  It depends on the circumstances , " the official said . The official also said Broadwell did not have a security clearance from the CIA . Another official said Broadwell , who is an officer in the Army reserve , did have some kind of security clearance and that there are no issues with Broadwell having unauthorized access to classified information . "  I do not know how she got that information , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee , referring to Broadwell 's October speech . "  We should find out . " Panetta makes first comments on Petraeus ' affair Feinstein said she would investigate why the FBI investigation that uncovered the extramarital affair did not notify oversight committees about its investigation into Petraeus after the bureau determined he was having a secret and risky extramarital affair . Fran Townsend , a former Bush Homeland security adviser and CNN national security contributor , agrees the situation lends itself for the potential that security would be breached . "  Is there the potential ? Yes of course . I think there 's no indication that there 's a problem here . There 's no indication this involved classified material from him to her . " She also said she thinks that Broadwell is "  playing the journalists ' game . " "  If she 's in an intimate relationship with the CIA director , he 's not her only source . " And , she might have heard the October remarks , made at the University of Denver , in passing from someone else . Kurtz : How Petraeus courted the press As investigators try to determine who said what to whom , it might end up as a "  he said , she said . " And as a result , nothing will be firmed down or resolved . "  I worry about the distraction that this now becomes for Congress and the media , " Townsend said . Tom Fuentes , a former FBI assistant director and CNN contributor , said there are always potential worries about having appropriate relations and the potential of spies . In this situation , Petraeus is "  very experienced " and knows about security clearances . Broadwell has scores of military contacts and is an author and academic . But what if someone burglarized her house , for example , and found classified information there . Could she be blackmailed ? "  That 's the worry , " he said . Petraeus letter : ' I showed extremely poor judgment '	David Petraeus had affair while CIA chief Could secrets have been passed casually ? Experts doubt serious breaches , but worry about potential exposure to blackmail Ex-CIA agent : "  It 's a spy agency 's worst nightmare "
CNN  -- Bruce McLaren was eerily portentous when he made his famous statement : "  I feel life is measured in achievement not in years alone . " His eponymous McLaren Formula One team celebrates its 50th anniversary Monday , some 43 years after the New Zealander was killed on the racetrack . McLaren was only 32 years old when he died testing a car for the Can-Am championship but in his short life he broke new ground in motorsport as a popular racer , team manager and forward-thinking engineer . His legacy races on today as the McLaren race team -- winners of a record 182 grands prix and eight team titles in motorsport 's elite F1 series . McLaren has also powered a stellar cast of seven world champions including Brazilian hero Ayrton Senna , French four-time winner Alain Prost and the 2008 world champion Lewis Hamilton . But for McLaren , the man , it all began at a kitchen table growing up in Auckland . "  Motor racing was in my blood , " McLaren explained in his autobiography published posthumously on his website . "  How Mum put up with Dad and me with her kitchen table covered in bits and piece of the engine I will never know . " As a child Bruce honed his racing instincts by holding wheelchair races in the grounds of the hospital where he was recovering from a hip disease which left him with a lifelong limp . But once fully recovered he had made the transition to cars by the age of 14 . In 1958 he left for England to make his F1 debut at the German Grand Prix in a Cooper-Climax . During the following season , McLaren became the youngest driver to win an F1 race at the U.S. Grand Prix -- a record now held by Red Bull 's record-breaking world champion Sebastian Vettel . McLaren , who had more on his mind than racing , had also studied engineering in England and in 1963 he established the Bruce McLaren Motor Racing team , initially to build cars to compete in Australia and New Zealand . His eponymous McLaren marque made its F1 debut on the streets of Monaco in 1966 and two years later McLaren took his orange racer to its first victory at the Belgium Grand Prix . Name on the nose The speed of McLaren 's first victory is amazing given that the teams who joined F1 in 2010 are still to win their first point . "  I did n't know -LSB- I had won -RSB- ! " McLaren said at the time . "  It 's about the nicest thing I 've ever been told . "  I had won a Grand Prix in a car with my name on the nose . " McLaren would go on to win 181 more races in F1 -- more than any other team in the history of the sport . The current staff at the team headquarters in Woking , England celebrated that winning mentality and fired up some of the team 's historic cars as part of the anniversary celebrations Monday . "  McLaren started as the dream of one man , and it 's since grown to encompass the hopes and dreams of more than 2000 men and women , who work as tirelessly as Bruce McLaren himself once did , " said McLaren Group chairman Ron Dennis . " -LSB- They -RSB- ensure that everything we do reflects well when compared with everything we 've ever achieved . "  Our 50th anniversary provides an opportunity for every single McLaren employee to realize that he or she is an utterly crucial part of an organization with a history and a culture that really mean something . "  Call it McLaren 's DNA ... Call it McLaren 's undiminished hunger to win in everything we do . " The team 's slogan is : "  We exist to win , " and it is a mantra often repeated by current McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh , even when the team has struggled to compete with its rivals Red Bull , Ferrari and Mercedes . McLaren , who also plan to celebrate their anniversary at the upcoming Italian Grand Prix , do not have a car capable of winning races in 2013 . Appetite for winning Drivers Jenson Button and Sergio Perez have also not been on the podium , representing a backwards step from the 2012 season when the team ended the season with the fastest car . Button , however , remains confident the McLaren powerhouse will turn around their F1 fortunes , especially with a significant rule change on the horizon in 2014 . "  I firmly believe this team will be great again , " said Button , who has won eight races since joining McLaren in 2010 . "  This is an organization you can never discount -- their appetite for winning is unlike anything I 've ever seen and , rest assured , we will be back at the front soon . " While the team 's founder may have been driven by his racing ambitions the company now does not rely on success in F1 alone . Dennis , who merged his own race team with McLaren in 1981 , has been an influential driving force behind the modern McLaren brand . The company , which also has Bahraini and Saudi Arabian shareholders , not only competes in F1 but produces luxury sports cars while McLaren Applied Technologies has seen F1 technology cross over in medicine and the military . The team even create its own cartoons . McLaren may be measuring 50 years since the fresh-faced Bruce McLaren decided to build his own cars and go racing -- but the team have followed their founder 's mantra by marking their achievements in more than just numbers .	Bruce McLaren founded his eponymous race team in 1963 The late New Zealand racer won his first Formula One race with a McLaren in 1968 The McLaren team has now won a record 182 grands prix The McLaren creative brand also produces sports car , high-tech equipment and cartoons
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A British soldier who was reported missing from a checkpoint in Afghanistan early Monday was found dead later in the day , the British Ministry of Defense announced . "  It is with great sadness that I announce the death of a soldier from The Highlanders , 4th Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland , " said Lt. Col. Tim Purbrick , spokesman for Task Force Helmand , in a statement . After an "  extensive search , " fellow members of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force found his body in the Nahr-e Saraj District of Helmand Province , Purbrick said . The soldier had suffered gunshot wounds . His identity was not immediately released . A spokeswoman for David Cameron said the British prime minister is "  deeply saddened by this news . " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	British soldier was found dead after going missing from a checkpoint ISAF members found his body after an "  extensive search " He was found in the Nahr-e Saraj District of Helmand province
CNN  -- Van Johnson , whose boyish looks and earnest manner made him a Hollywood heartthrob in the 1940s and '50s , died Friday in an assisted-care facility , a friend told CNN . Van Johnson and Judy Garland in "  In the Good Old Summertime , " one of many musicals in his lengthy career . Johnson , 92 , died around 11 a.m. of natural causes at the Tappan Zee Manor in Nyack , New York , where he had lived for seven years , said Wendy Bleiweiss . Johnson 's career stretched over six decades and across genres , from comedies and war films , such as "  The Caine Mutiny " and "  30 Seconds Over Tokyo , " to Broadway musicals and television shows , including a guest spot as the Minstrel on the campy 1960s series , "  Batman , " according to Turner Classic Movies ' Web site . The red-haired , freckle-faced actor 's youthful charm earned him a huge teen following in his heyday . He became known as the "  voiceless Sinatra , " despite a singing voice that landed him roles alongside June Allyson and Judy Garland in "  Two Girls and a Sailor " and "  In the Good Old Summertime , " according to TCM.com . Johnson was born August 25 , 1916 , to a plumber and housewife in Newport , Rhode Island . He was 16 years old when he left Rhode Island for New York City so he could forge a career in acting , Bleiweiss said . A few years later , he got his break from Lucille Ball , she said . "  She saw this redhead kid and said , ` Let 's give him a break . He seems like he can do some acting , ' " Bleiweiss said . Johnson made his Broadway debut in 1936 in "  New Faces of 1936 " before legendary director-playwright George Abbott hired him as a chorus member and understudy to the three male leads in Rodgers and Hart 's "  Too Many Girls " in 1939 . The next year , Abbott cast him as a chorus boy and Gene Kelly 's understudy in Rodgers and Hart 's groundbreaking musical "  Pal Joey , " according to TCM.com . His film debut followed in 1940 with a role in the chorus of "  Too Many Girls . " While en route to a screening in 1942 , he was in a car wreck that left him with a metal plate in his head and kept him out of the military . But that did n't stop him from acting in war films . Two years later , he received top billing in "  Two Girls and a Sailor . " Other big roles included "  A Guy Named Joe , " "  Brigadoon " and "  The Caine Mutiny . " In 1947 , Johnson married former actor Eve Lynn Johnson , who had previously been married to a close friend of Johnson 's , Keenan Wynn . The two did not have children and divorced in 1968 , according to TCM.com Johnson had a daughter , Schuyler Van Johnson , by another woman , according to TCM.com . As Johnson entered middle age , his features grew heavy but he still managed to find offbeat roles in films including "  The Bottom of the Bottle , " an unabashed melodrama in which he played an alcoholic , and "  23 Paces to Baker Street " as a blind detective . As film roles became scarce , Johnson filled the gaps with stage work . He appeared in "  The Music Man " in London , England , in 1961 and returned to Broadway in 1962 for "  Come on Strong . " In Woody Allen 's 1985 comedy , "  The Purple Rose of Cairo , " Johnson played one of the actors trapped inside the film screen in a parody of sorts of films from the 1930s . In 1987 , Johnson was praised for his work in the Broadway production of "  La Cage aux Folles . " He last appeared on stage four years ago in "  Love Letters " in a community theater in nearby Suffern , New York , but decided afterward that he would do no more , Bleiweiss said . "  He said he had seen it and done it all and now he was just going to sit back and take it easy . Those were his words , " she said . Johnson retained much of his youthful energy as he grew older , and became a frequent interview subject on the old days of Hollywood and his lengthy career , TCM.com said . Bleiweiss said she met Johnson when he moved into the home , where she was a case manager at the time . "  He still was tall and striking , " she said . "  He was one of the all-time old actors . " His ability to communicate was hampered by the loss of his hearing . Instead , he passed the time by painting , needlepoint and crocheting , she said . Though he did n't cook , he loved watching cooking shows and reruns of "  The Golden Girls , " she said . Bleiweiss said Johnson was estranged from his daughter and stepchildren for most of his life , but children brightened his day . "  When he saw them , he 'd smile and wave to them , " she said . "  It always brought a smile to his face . " A private service will be held .	Johnson died Friday morning at 92 in an assisted-living facility in Nyack , New York His career stretched over six decades and across genres , from war films to musicals Johnson 's youthful charm earned him nickname the "  voiceless Sinatra " in his heyday He got top billing in "  Two Girls and a Sailor ; " praised for role in "  La Cage aux Folles "
CNN  -- Apple was slow to act against the booming counterfeit industry in China and other Asian countries , according to cables obtained by WikiLeaks . The technology giant eventually organized a team in March 2008 to curtail the explosion of knockoff iPods and iPhones , according to an electronic memo from the Beijing embassy dated September 2008 . Yet , three years after Apple moved to crack down on widespread counterfeiting and put pressure on China , progress has been slow . Gadget piracy is n't a high priority for the Chinese government , the U.S. reports and experts say . Members of Apple 's recently formed global security team were recruited from Pfizer after they executed a series of crackdowns on counterfeit Viagra production in Asia , the report says . John Theriault , formerly Pfizer 's security chief and , before that , a special agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation , leads Apple 's global security unit . Don Shruhan , who worked for Theriault at Pfizer , is now a director on Apple 's security team in Hong Kong . Shruhan told the Beijing embassy official that his group at Pfizer spent five years planning raids on counterfeit drug rings , the cable says . He said he 's "  afraid " of the volume of imitation Apple products being produced in China and about the inexperience of Apple 's lawyers in dealing with Chinese authorities , the report says . An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment . A Pfizer spokeswoman , who declined to comment on personnel matters , said the company has a strong global security team to handle the increase in counterfeit medicine worldwide . WikiLeaks , a group that publishes private government documents , posted tens of thousands of previously unreleased U.S. diplomatic cables last week . The reports from the Beijing embassy detailing Apple 's piracy crackdown were unclassified , but many were described as "  sensitive " and "  not for Internet distribution . " In December , Apple said it removed an application from its mobile store that let people browse WikiLeaks documents from their iPhones "  because it violated developer guidelines . " The company suggested that the app broke laws or could be harmful to people , but many free-speech advocates cried censorship , as they have in the past when Apple has pulled apps . The fresh WikiLeaks documents shed new light on Apple 's struggles with intellectual-property theft in China , but the subject has n't completely flown under the radar . Last month , international news media were rapt after discovering that China is home not only to fake Apple gadgets but also to imitation Apple stores , which had many of Apple 's signatures . The Chinese government ordered two of the five unofficial stores to close because they had not secured proper business permits , but a spokesman for China 's Kunming government defended the others , saying they sell authentic Apple merchandise , according to Reuters . Apple owns and operates four stores in China . The three in Beijing and the one in Shanghai are Apple 's highest trafficked and top grossing stores in the world , Peter Oppenheimer , Apple 's financial chief , said in an earnings call in January . But the hunger for Apple products is insatiable there . That 's why stores have begun to sell the products without Apple 's permission , while others are hawking cheaper , lower-quality gadgets that are aesthetically similar and bear the chic Apple logo . China 's Guangdong province , the country 's most populous region , has become a hub for manufacturing and selling counterfeit Apple products , two of the newly surfaced cables say . The Foxconn Technology Group , which assembles products for Apple , operates factories in Guangdong . Workers typically smuggle parts from the facilities in order to make replicas , said Lilach Nachum , an international business professor for Baruch College in New York who travels frequently to Asia . It 's the cost of doing business in China , where many American companies go for inexpensive labor and efficient industrial plants , she said . "  Not to go to China is not really an option , " Nachum said . "  Companies can not afford to do that . No one can afford to do that . " China 's counterfeiting ring is responsible for supplying India with fake Apple products , the 2008 cable says . In raids , Indian officials uncovered shipments that had moved from China through Hong Kong , the report says . Apple 's early plans to go after counterfeiters , according to a cable , involved first targeting offending retailers and street vendors ; next , Apple would work with police to raid manufacturing facilities ; and finally , the company would pursue online resellers . The plans closely resemble Pfizer 's successful strategy , the cable says , citing Shruhan , the Apple director . "  Shruhan said that low-profile retail raids are a good option for Apple , a company that wants to stay away from too much publicity surrounding this issue , " the cable says . Theriault , Shruhan 's boss , briefed Steve Jobs , then CEO , on the plans in 2008 , the cable says . But Apple is having limited success . In countless stores and at tables setup on streets , merchants purporting to sell iPods , iPhones and iPads at deeply discounted prices are prevalent , said Wini Chen , a student in San Francisco who recently returned from studying abroad in Beijing . "  They 'll say , ` Yeah , we have iPad . We 'll give you a really good deal , ' " Chen recalled from her shopping trips . "  If I really want to buy a knockoff Apple product , I could probably do that in 15 minutes . " Chinese officials readily cooperated with pharmaceutical companies on their raids , but that has n't translated to software , as Microsoft has discovered , or electronics , as Apple is learning , said Nachum , the professor . Whereas a defective pill could cause sickness or death , a shoddy iPod has less dire consequences . Apple had planned to strengthen its case with the government by arguing that defective batteries could blow up and injure people , and that lost tax revenue could have a significant economic impact , the cable says . The arguments were n't very effective . China 's government declined to investigate a facility in March 2009 that was manufacturing imitation Apple laptops because it threatened local jobs , says a cable dated April 2009 . A different arm of China 's government scrapped plans for a raid on an electronics mall in the Guangdong province because it could have driven away shoppers , the cable says . CNN 's Katie Glaeser contributed to this report .	Apple is faced with mounting counterfeiting of its products in China The company recruited from Pfizer 's security team after its success , U.S. cables say Despite efforts , Apple 's plans have had limited success
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Erykah Badu shed her clothes as she walked along a Dallas , Texas , sidewalk until she was nude and then fell near where President Kennedy was assassinated . The result was a controversial video , released Saturday , for her song "  Window Seat , " which Badu said was "  shot guerrilla style " with no crew and in one take March 17 . Children could be seen nearby as Badu stripped in Dealey Plaza , a popular tourist spot since Kennedy 's 1963 assassination . The singer 's management did not immediately respond to request for comment , but Badu responded to the controversy via Twitter . She tweeted that "  there were children there . i prayed they wouldnt b traumatized . " Badu will not face indecent exposure charges for shedding her clothes on the Dallas , Texas , sidewalk , a Dallas Police spokeswoman said . Although children were nearby , no one filed a complaint against Badu after the March 17 incident , Dallas Police Senior Cpl. Janice Crowther said . "  But if we had had a call and would have caught Ms. Badu in the act of walking down the street taking her clothes off , she would have been charge with a Class B misdemeanor , " she said . The R&B singer said she was making a statement against "  groupthink , " which she tweeted was an "  unwritten rule " that "  i will not express my true opinion if it opposes those i love and fear . " Some fans sent tweets praising Badu 's artistic vision . One fan tweeted to Badu on Sunday : "  thank you , because your being brave , i no longer feel afraid to say what i really feel . " The video opens with a November 22 , 1963 , radio broadcast describing Kennedy 's motorcade turning onto Elm Street seconds before fatal shots were fired . In the video , Badu is behind the wheel of a 1965 Lincoln Continental , parked along Kennedy 's route . A single camera focuses on her as she walks toward Elm Street and the book depository where Kennedy 's assassin fired his rifle . Badu tweeted that "  i was petrified while shooting this video ... but liberation began to set in . i conquered many fears in that few moments . " She said she was "  too busy lookin for cops " to be embarrassed by her nudity . "  i been naked all along in my words actions and deeds . thats the real vulnerable place , " she tweeted . The video does not include shouts from people off camera , she said . "  they were yelling , ` THIS IS A PUBLIC PLACE : YOU OUGHTA BE ASHAMED : PUT YOUR CLOTHES ON : DAMN GIRL ! etc , " Badu tweeted . More than a dozen people stood along the plaza 's "  grassy knoll " when Badu took off the last piece of clothing . "  the people caught in the shot were trying hard to ignore me , " she tweeted . As she reached the spot where Kennedy was first struck by a bullet , the crackle of a gunshot is heard and Badu 's head snaps back and she falls to the ground as if dead . Badu said when the camera stopped "  we ran . " The singer was born in Dallas , where she is raising her three children -- ages 1 , 5 and 12 She tweeted to fans about her 5-year-old daughter 's response when told of her plans for the video : "  she looked at me with a blank face and replied ok mama can i have another pudding ? " The video was released days before the singer 's next album , "  New Amerykah Part Two : Return of the Ankh , " hits record stores . The single "  Window Seat " is at No. 28 on Billboard 's R&B / hip-hop chart .	Singer Erykah Badu strips in controversial video for her song "  Window Seat " Some fans respond via Twitter , praising Badu 's artistic vision Singer revisits scene of President Kennedy 's 1963 assassination in Dallas , Texas
Amman , Jordan  CNN  The parents of Kayla Mueller are imploring ISIS to contact them . They believe -- or at least hope -- that their daughter may still be alive . "  We have sent you a private message and ask that you respond to us privately , " Carl and Marsha Mueller said in a statement . The couple is not giving interviews to the media as ISIS warned them not to . CNN had previously not published her name at the request of her relatives , who have now publicly identified her . The terror group captured Mueller , an Arizona native , in 2013 . It said Friday that a Jordanian airstrike that pounded their de facto capital of Raqqa in Syria also killed her . Her parents , though , are holding out hope "  that Kayla is still alive . " "  You told us that you treated Kayla as your guest , " they said . "  As your guest her safety and well-being remains your responsibility . " Jordanian officials challenged the veracity of the claim , with Interior Minister Hussein Majali calling it nothing more than a publicity stunt . "  What we know about this terrorist organization is that they are liars when it comes to these things , " said spokesman Mohammed al-Momani . He cast doubt on the extremists ' ability to identify Jordanian warplanes flying at high altitudes . Many are U.S. made F-16s . Officials in Amman have been adamant about their intent to go after ISIS ever since Tuesday , when the terror group released a video showing its members burning Jordanian pilot Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh to death . They 've vowed not to give up the fight , even after ISIS ' latest claim about Mueller . On Saturday , they proved it . According to state TV , Jordanian fighter jets conducted more airstrikes targeting ISIS position before returning safely to their bases . Anti-ISIS activists reported that coalition strikes pounding targets around the Islamist extremist group 's de facto capital of Raqqa . Pro-ISIS reporters said "  heavy airstrikes " hit more than a dozen areas . Kurds say ISIS destroyed key Iraq bridge Jordan is n't going after ISIS alone . It 's part of the U.S.-led coalition also hitting ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq , helping local forces on the ground . And the United Arab Emirates will station an F-16 squadron "  in fraternal Jordan " in part to reaffirm "  the UAE 's unwavering and constant solidarity with Jordan , " according to the Arab nation 's state-run WAN news agency . ISIS has shown no proof the 26-year-old was killed , other than a building laid to rubble and the claim that her body was inside . Experts have questioned why no militants died in the collapsed building , if they were holding Mueller there , or why -- if the building had just been crushed -- there was no smoke from smoldering debris . Skeptics fear ISIS may have long killed her and just waited for an opportunity to officially announce the death -- a suspicion that has been floated before when ISIS uploaded slickly produced , odious videos of other victims ' killings . Jordanian officials said they have reason to believe al-Kasasbeh was actually killed in early January , and that ISIS lied about him still being alive while trying to negotiate advantages in exchange for him . The group has a penchant for executing , not freeing . ISIS had implied they might kill Mueller last summer . They set a deadline of August 13 , 2014 , for a 5 million Euro ransom to be paid to prevent her murder , according to a source close to the family . U.S. officials are investigating on the theory that she may have died weeks or months ago , but that ISIS was possibly ashamed to announce they had killed a woman . But retired U.S. Army Lt. Col. James Reese says it 's plausible a hostage may have been inadvertently killed in Syria . "  We all know that intelligence ... in Syria is not as good as we have in Iraq now , " Reese said . "  So it is plausible , and it could be unfortunate . But sometimes ... that happens in these wars , " he said . Mueller landed in Syria following her faith , empathy for human suffering and wanderlust . In her home state , she worked in an AIDS clinic and volunteered at a woman 's shelter . After graduating from Northern Arizona University , the Prescott native traveled to India and Israel . "  I find God in the suffering eyes reflected in mine . If this is how you are revealed to me ... this is how I will forever seek you , " she said , according to her family . In 2012 , Mueller went to Syria with the Danish Refugee Council and Support to Life humanitarian agency . She fell into the hands of hostage takers in August 2013 in Aleppo , Syria , her family said , after leaving a Doctors Without Borders hospital . The list of ISIS atrocities is long and growing . It extends far beyond the glitzy video celebrations of hostage murders . The terrorists have wiped out villages of people whose religion they reject , summarily executing hundreds , kidnapping scores of women , then raping them and passing them into slavery . They have stooped to selling children , a U.N. report this week claimed . They aim to instill fear in people 's hearts , as they aspire to virtually take over the world with a caliphate , but their barbarism is having the opposite effect as well , unleashing disgust and wrath against them . Putting al-Kasasbeh in a cage and setting him on fire has fueled resolve among Jordanians to stop the group 's smudging of their religion by killing in its name . "  This is definitely not the U.S. 's war , " said Majali , the nation 's Interior Minister . "  This is definitely our war . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported from Jordan and Ben Brumfield wrote this report from Atlanta . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Evan Perez , Greg Botelho , Steve Almasy , Salma Abdelaziz , Ali Younes and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	State news : UAE putting F-16 squadron in Jordan to reaffirm solidarity Kayla Mueller 's parents ask her captors to contact them privately U.S. officials have no evidence she has been killed
CNN  -- President Barack Obama 's speech to the American public Monday night was eloquent and forceful . But given the odds arrayed against him -- some of his own making -- the persuader in chief likely wo n't make the sale . Indeed , it 's likely that none of the other great communicators and explainers -- Franklin Roosevelt , Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton -- could have either . And here 's why : Chico Marx was right Impersonating Groucho in "  Duck Soup , " Chico makes a remark that sums up Obama 's challenge : "  Who are you going to believe , me or your own eyes ? " The American people are their own experts this time around on what constitutes a vital national interest for the United States and what they want done about it . After two of the longest and most profitless wars in American history , the public has a more discriminating assessment of what 's worth fighting for and what 's not . And , deeply dismayed by the standard for victory -- when can we leave , not how do we win -- most Americans rightly see a U.S. military strike on Syria as an imperfect option that is likely either to be ineffective or to draw the U.S. into another country 's civil war . One speech could never overcome the skepticism and doubts left by a decade of two pointless wars . And this one did n't . It 's not that Americans are unmoved by the president 's heartfelt descriptions of dead Syrian children gassed by , the administration says , President Bashar al-Assad 's murderous forces ; it 's that their priorities lie elsewhere . But it 's America 's broken house that 's in need of repair , not someone else 's . And no amount of false analogies to Munich and appeasement will sway them . They know what they see , and it 's not compelling enough to justify the uncertainties of a military strike . The president 's words last night did n't allay those doubts . Opinion : Obama 's speech a model of persuasion Obama 's Syria policy is a Marx Brothers movie Over the past week , one got the feeling that every day another door opened on the Syria issue with yet another surprise . The twists and turns did n't help the administration 's case for clarity and consistency , which is so critical to providing the background of a speech to the nation . Indeed , events of the past week made the president 's task much harder . First , after a buildup to one of the most widely telegraphed military actions in the history of warfare , the president surprised the nation by deferring military action while he sought an authorization to use force from Congress . That was followed by an off-the-cuff remark by Secretary of State John Kerry on how al-Assad could preempt a military attack by turning over all his chemicals weapons . The next surprise was a Russian endorsement of Kerry 's idea -- and then Syria jumping aboard the peace train . The result : On the eve of the president 's speech -- presumably aimed at making the case for a military strike -- the momentum had shifted away from war as the United Nations , the French and the secretary-general all try to figure out how to make peace and take al-Assad 's chemicals off line . The American public -- already confused as to whether the strike would be "  unbelievably small "  in John Kerry 's words  or , in the president 's words , more robust  "  the U.S. military does n't do pinpricks "  -- could be forgiven if it was a tad bewildered . Read the speech Overselling the risks of not acting Much of the president 's speech dealt with the consequences of not acting militarily in the face of the largest single deployment of chemical weapons against civilians since Saddam Hussein used them against the Kurds in 1988 . There 's no doubt that doing nothing would broaden al-Assad 's margin to use these weapons again if he felt it necessary . But we need to be clear : This regime is engaged in a fight to preserve itself and will do whatever is necessary to stay in power . A U.S. strike would have to be extremely punishing to deter al-Assad from using these weapons and extremely comprehensive in its scope to degrade al-Assad 's capacity . The president ca n't make his case by playing down the severity of any U.S. response . The other risks of inaction -- deterring Iran from nuclear weapons or suggesting that the U.S. is threatened by these weapons -- just do n't add up and are n't compelling . Indeed , should al-Assad be weakened or lose control , these chemical weapons might well fall into the hands of al Qaeda and other jihadist groups that could use them directly against the United States . Opinion : Speech aims to keep heat on Syria Our cardboard conception of leadership Even under normal circumstances , a single presidential speech to persuade Americans to back a military strike would be a tough sell . Presidential speeches rarely move the needle much on an issue like this . We have this artificial conception of our president 's capacity . If only the president could make the case with powerful logic , he can indeed persuade . The only thing that 's missing is leadership . But that 's really not the way it works . Presidents are more often prisoners of events . The great ones -- Abraham Lincoln , FDR -- are fortunate  if that 's the right word  to have circumstances that allow them to do so . And they intuit and extract opportunities from those circumstances that allow them to lead . Obama does n't have these circumstances . He faces a public that is deeply skeptical of attacking another Arab/Muslim country ; a divided and skeptical Congress ; and an international community that fears military action . And he confronts this environment with a military option that he himself does n't really believe in either . There 's no real sense of urgency or emergency , partly because the president has willfully downplayed that sense of crisis . Obama seeks support for attacking Syria while pursuing diplomacy Obama is an ambivalent warrior . He fashions himself the extricator in chief charged with getting America out of profitless conflicts , not getting them into new ones . And it shows . Monday night 's speech reflected a man who on one hand would like to be rescued by a diplomatic solution to a problem he himself knows ca n't be resolved by military force and on the other , one who realizes he has a very bad military option if he must go forward . And as a consequence , what was hyped as a major speech really could n't be , in large part because there was nothing to decide and no urgency to do so . Congress is n't going to vote this week ; the U.S. is n't going to war soon ; and Vladimir Putin 's diplomacy from Russia has yet to play itself out . Indeed , right now the president ca n't be the decider in chief because there 's nothing to decide . For now , Obama -- along with the rest of the country -- is stuck in limbo between a war he clearly does n't want and diplomatic approach he knows faces long odds . And no presidential speech could free him or the country from that predicament . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron David Miller	Aaron Miller : Speech could not sell skeptical Americans on need for action on Syria He says speech could n't convince war-weary citizens that U.S. interests at stake He says Obama 's handling of Syria issue has not inspired confidence Miller : A strike would have to be broader than Obama describing , and Americans fear this
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved a new prescription diet drug called Qsymia on Tuesday . The medication produced dramatic weight loss in clinical trials , but some are concerned over potential side effects , including increased heart rate , birth defects and other issues . Qsymia  pronounced kyoo-SIM-ee-uh  is the second diet drug approved this year . The FDA approved a weight-loss pill called Belviq on June 27 . Qsymia had been known as Qnexa until its approval . The FDA asked the company to change the name to avoid confusion with another drug on the market , according to the company . Patients in clinical trials experienced more dramatic weight loss with Qsymia than with Belviq . On Qsymia , patients went from an average 227 pounds to 204 pounds ; on Belviq , the average weight dropped from 220 to 207 . Some consumer advocates worry that the weight loss comes with a price . Some patients in the clinical trial suffered an increased heart rate and a condition called metabolic acidosis , which can lead to hyperventilation , fatigue and anorexia . Concerns have also been raised about birth defects . One of the ingredients in Qsymia is topiramate , an anti-convulsant that has been linked to birth defects such as cleft lip and cleft palate in babies born to women who have taken it for migraines or seizures . Qsymia 's other ingredient is phentermine , an appetite suppressant . "  Our belief is that women will be invited to compelling advertising and marketing messages to experiment on themselves with a drug that has some effectiveness with healthy weight loss but possible serious risks , " said Cindy Pearson , executive director of the National Women 's Health Network . Qsymia 's manufacturer , Vivus Inc. , says that the drug helped lower blood pressure and cholesterol levels in obese people and that people taking it were less likely to get Type 2 diabetes . Not enough good data to back obesity drug , panel says "  Obesity is not being adequately addressed by diet and lifestyle changes or currently available therapies , " the company said . "  The need for new options is urgent , particularly nonsurgical options . " The FDA approved Qsymia only for obese people or for overweight people with a body mass index greater than 27 who also suffer from weight-related conditions like hypertension and diabetes . Doctors are free to prescribe the drug to anyone , however , and there are concerns that physicians will open "  pill mills " and prescribe Qsymia to people who just want to lose a few pounds . That 's what happened in the 1990s with fen-phen , another diet drug combination that includes phentermine . An FDA advisory committee voted against Qsymia 's approval in 2010 . The panel recommended the drug 's approval with a 20-2 vote in February , after Vivus proposed a risk management program to limit Qsymia 's distribution and published additional results from one of its three clinical trials . Vivus will at first offer the pill only through mail order , so doctors ca n't sell it directly , said Dr. Barbara Troupin , Vivus ' vice president of scientific communications and risk management . "  There will not be dispensing from doctors ' offices , " she said . "  Seeing that issue and what has happened in fad and diet drugs in the past , that is not a path that we 're going to be taking . " The 4,430 overweight and obese patients in the Qsymia studies experienced various levels of weight loss . About half of patients on the recommended dose lost 10 % of their weight , while four-fifths lost 5 % . That amounts to about 12 pounds for a 227-pound person . Meg Evans , one of the patients , started out at 230 pounds and lost 48 pounds her first year on the drug and another two pounds the second year . "  I loved it , " she said . "  I was n't hungry . I almost had to remind myself to eat . " At 5 feet 9 inches tall , Evans , now 63 , describes herself as having been "  Twiggy-like " in college , weighing 120 pounds . Then she gained weight after having four children . An avid cook and eater , she said the drug made it easier to resist tempting foods . FDA advisers recommend diet drug "  If I saw a chocolate chip cookie , it was easy enough for me to say , ` I 'm not really hungry . I can pass on it , ' " Evans said . She said the weight came off gradually , about four pounds a month , and her blood pressure went down almost immediately . Despite the pill 's apparent ability to help people lose weight , some critics expressed concerns because of the possible side effects . "  I believe that if the public were to ` buy '  Qsymia  after FDA approval , it would run the risk of severe , even fatal , consequences from another diet lemon , " Dr. Michael Lauer writes in Annals of Internal Medicine , also noting that the drug led to a slight increase in heart rates . In February , Lauer was one of two FDA advisory committee members who voted against Qsymia 's approval . The FDA and Vivus both acknowledge that the three clinical trials meant to measure Qsymia 's safety and effectiveness were not designed to properly assess cardiovascular risk . The FDA has required Vivus to do a study on the drug 's cardiovascular effects . Vivus said it would be done after the drug 's approval . Despite the label 's warning that women of childbearing age should use birth control while on Qsymia , there are concerns that women will still get pregnant while on the drug . The FDA recommends a pregnancy test every month while on Qsymia . In the drug-maker 's two-year clinical trial , 34 women on Qsymia became pregnant , even though they were told repeatedly to use contraception . No birth defects happened in those pregnancies , according to the company . Previous clinical trials of topiramate , one of the ingredients in Qsymia , have shown a risk of about five birth defects for every 1,000 pregnancies . Comparing the anti-obesity drug to treatments for other chronic diseases , Troupin said patients will probably need to continue taking Qsymia long-term , though the new drug is not expected to be widely covered by health insurance plans . FDA rejects another obesity drug Evans , the patient who lost 50 pounds on the drug , said she has gained back about 20 pounds since the clinical trial ended two years ago and looks forward to going on Qsymia once it 's approved , even though it can have side effects . "  There are side effects to everything , " she said . She added that the drug was n't the only reason she lost weight . Weekly counseling on nutrition and exercise were a big factor , too . The counselor helped her change her diet -- choosing a salad for lunch instead of a burger , forgoing pasta and potatoes at dinner -- and encouraged her to walk a few times a week in addition to her regular exercise as goalie in a women 's soccer league . "  Before the medicine , I had been telling the girls they 'd have to find a new goalie , because I could n't dive for the ball like I did before , " she said . "  Then I lost the weight , and I was diving and bouncing back up and having a great old time again . "	Qsymia , formerly known as Qnexa , is second diet drug approved since June Drug 's side effects in clinical trial included increased heart rate Concerns have also been raised about the risk of birth defects
Atlanta  CNN  -- Open a car door on a summer day , and a sauna blast will quickly remind you just how seethingly , sticky hot it can get inside in just a short time . It 's suffocating . For 22-month-old Cooper Harris , strapped all day into a child 's seat in his father 's SUV , as the sun baked it , it was fatal . Investigators in Georgia wanted to know how high the temperature climbed in that back seat , so this week they recreated that sauna heat in Justin Ross Harris ' silver Hyundai Tucson . They drove it to the spot where it sat in the sun for seven hours on June 18 , the day Cooper died . They have not released the data yet , but CNN weather experts believe temperatures could have climbed to nearly 140 degrees inside the car . The National Highway Traffic Safety Authority has corroborated the possibility . "  Even outside temperatures in the 60s can cause a car temperature to rise well above 110  F , " the agency said . The test came in the same week that the Cobb County medical examiner 's office said toxicology tests on the boy revealed nothing abnormal , meaning he apparently was not drugged or medicated . That report and the autopsy report -- which found the child 's cause of death "  consistent with hyperthermia " and that investigative information "  suggests the manner of death is homicide " -- will not be released to the public until the investigation is complete , the office said Thursday . Cooper 's father , Justin Ross Harris , is charged with murder and child cruelty . He has pleaded not guilty . Harris fired by employer Harris , who worked for two years at the The Home Depot 's corporate offices in the Atlanta suburb of Smyrna , has been terminated , a spokeswoman for the company said Thursday . Harris , a web designer , had been on unpaid leave since charges were filed last month . Catherine Woodling gave no details of the termination . A Home Depot charity fund paid for Cooper 's funeral . Measuring temperatures at key times During this week 's car test , investigators parked in the same space that Harris did , WAGA reported , and measured the temperature at times of day that are key to the father 's murder case : -- At 9:30 a.m. , when police say Harris pulled into the parking lot at The Home Depot 's corporate offices . He normally would have taken Cooper to daycare then , but left him in the car . -- At 12:42 p.m. , when the 33-year-old father placed light bulbs he had purchased inside the car . -- And at 4:16 p.m. , when investigators say Harris drove off . Should the government step in to prevent hot car deaths ? On the day Cooper died , the high temperature reached 92 degrees . Investigators used outside thermometers on Tuesday to monitor outdoor temperature rises . Dozens of children die in hot cars every year , the NHTSA said . People are in danger of dying of heatstroke when their body temperatures climb above 104 degrees and stay there for prolonged periods , according to the Mayo Clinic . Heat attacks the brain , heart , kidneys and muscles , the Mayo Clinic said . Victims can experience nausea and faintness , before organ damage sets in , eventually leading to death . The elderly and small children are particularly susceptible to heatstroke . Who is Justin Ross Harris ? Death highlights key role of digital evidence Uncomfortable details Initially , police said the death of the toddler was the result of tragic absent-mindedness . They said the dad had apparently forgotten the boy was in the back seat of his Hyundai Tucson and apparently did n't remember until he was done with his workday , drove a couple of miles and pulled into a shopping center parking lot . But suspicions grew as police investigated , and Harris was charged . Investigators also have unearthed uncomfortable details in Harris ' online activities . He has performed Internet searches on child death in hot cars , they said . While Cooper was left in the car , Harris was allegedly chatting via an online contact service with women . Police say that Harris , who is married , has , in the past , sent sexually explicit messages and photos on the service , including to an underage girl . Leanna Harris , Justin 's wife , has not been named a suspect in the case . Officer Michael Bowman , a Cobb County police spokesman , said Monday , "  Leanna Harris has been interviewed . Detectives continue to work on the case . " Opinion : In hot car death , leave the mom alone Police have alleged she behaved strangely in the days before and moments after the death of her 22-month-old boy . Thursday , defense attorney Lawrence Zimmerman confirmed to CNN he had been retained by Leanna Harris . 5 questions about mother in toddler 's hot-car death Read the warrant  PDF CNN "  s Devon Sayers and John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	NEW : Ross Harris terminated by The Home Depot , spokeswoman says Leanna Harris retains defense attorney Lawrence Zimmerman Investigators try to simulate the heat inside the car that killed a Georgia toddler CNN weather experts think the temperature may have reached 140 degrees
CNN  -- Farmers are on their way to tend their crops when a missile slams into their midst , thrusting shrapnel in all directions . A CIA drone , flying so high that the farmers ca n't see it , has killed most of them . None of them were militants . Such attacks by U.S. drones are common , the United Nations ' special rapporteur on counterterrorism and human rights said Friday in a statement on strikes in Pakistan 's tribal region of North Waziristan . The rapporteur , Ben Emmerson , told CNN the actions are of dubious international legality , despite the United States ' assertions . "  I 'm not aware of any state in the world that currently shares the United States ' expansive legal perspective that it is engaged in a global war -- that is to say a non-international armed conflict with al Qaeda and any group associated with al Qaeda , wherever they are to be found , that would therefore lawfully entitle the United States to take action involving targeted killing wherever an individual is found , " Emmerson said . The American Civil Liberties Union and other U.S. groups are questioning the legitimacy of the President Obama-approved drone program , and they 're looking for evidence for a legal battle . On Friday , a U.S. federal appeals court ruled the CIA must acknowledge the existence of any records related to military unmanned drone strikes targeting individuals , such as overseas terror suspects . The ACLU and others had filed a Freedom of Information Act request , but the CIA refused to confirm or deny it had any such records , citing national security . Emmerson has just returned from Pakistan , where he listened to residents of North Waziristan talk about terrifying encounters with one of America 's weapons in the war on terror . "  Adult males carrying out ordinary daily tasks were frequently the victims of such strikes , " the statement from the U.N. office for human rights said . First on CNN : Iran confronts U.S. drone over Persian Gulf Some Pashtun men dress the same as Taliban members from the same region , hence the drone operators mistake them for terror targets , the statement said . It is also customary for Pashtun men to carry a weapon , making them virtually indistinguishable from militants to an outsider . A beard and a turban A Pakistani tribal elder who spoke with CNN noted hasty judgments based on appearances can be wrong . "  Just because I have a beard and wear a turban , does that make me part of the Taliban ? " asked Malik Jalaluddin . The United States has 8,000 drones , unmanned planes and helicopters flown by a remote control . They are outfitted with a video camera to help the operator spot targets and often armed with weapons used to neutralize them . President Barack Obama has told CNN that a target must meet "  very tight and very strict standards . " CIA director John Brennan has said that only in "  exceedingly rare " cases have civilians been "  accidentally injured , or worse , killed in these strikes . " Reports back the U.N. conclusion Reports by independent groups corroborate Emmerson 's account , concluding that drones mistakenly target and kill a significant number of civilians . The New America Foundation estimates that in Pakistan , drones have killed between 1,953 and 3,279 people since 2004 - and that between 18 % and 23 % of them were not militants . The nonmilitant casualty rate was down to about 10 % in 2012 , the group says . A study by the Bureau of Investigative Journalism estimates that since 2004 , Pakistan has had 365 drone strikes that have killed between 2,536 and 3,577 people -- including 411 to 884 civilians . The study concludes that the strikes have killed far more people than the United States has acknowledged , and traumatized many more innocent people . That trauma is destroying a way of life , Emmerson said . "  The Pashtun tribes of the ... area have suffered enormously under the drone campaign . " And tribal law prescribes revenge for the killing of a tribe member , which serves to radicalize more young men against the United States , he said . Pakistan considers the strikes counterproductive , illegal and a violation of its sovereignty . CNN 's Saima Mohsin , Salma Abdelaziz and Bill Mears contributed to this report	The U.N. says the U.S. stands alone in its legal perspective on drone attacks U.N. : Drones kill Pakistani men doing everyday chores U.S. has 8,000 drones and unmanned planes flown by remote control Obama says a target must meet "  very tight and very strict standards "
CNN  -- An ultralight aircraft became entangled in a Ferris wheel , but neither its two occupants nor two frightened children on the ride were injured , Australian authorities said Saturday . CNN affiliate Nine News showed footage of the bizarre scene -- a Cheetah S200 dangling nearly 40 feet from the ground at a fair in Old Bar , on the seaside in New South Wales . New South Wales Police said investigators are looking into the mishap . The pilot , 53 , and his passenger , 32 , were retrieved by crews using a crane , as were a boy , 9 , and girl , 13 . The children were trapped on the ride for more than an hour , police said . The two men had to wait a little longer . Resident Gary Jones told Nine News his 9-year-old twin boys got off the Ferris wheel just seconds before the plane hit .	Four people are rescued in New South Wales , Australia Pilot , passenger and two riders were stuck on the ride until rescue Investigators are looking into the incident
Washington  CNN  -- After progress earlier this week in fiscal cliff negotiations , President Barack Obama and House Speaker John Boehner butted heads Wednesday , setting the stage for a showdown as the deadline looms for an agreement . The negotiations had focused on a $ 2 trillion package of new revenue , spending cuts and entitlement changes the two sides have shaped into a broad deficit reduction plan . Boehner on Tuesday proposed a "  plan B , " which would extend Bush-era tax cuts on income of up to $ 1 million . He described it as a fallback option to prevent a sweeping tax hike while negotiations continue on a broader plan . But the White House on Wednesday threatened to veto "  plan B , " saying it would bring only "  minimal " changes in projected budget deficits . Obama told reporters earlier in the day that Republicans were focused too much on besting him personally rather than thinking about what 's best for the country . "  Take the deal , " Obama said to Republicans , referring to the broader proposal , adding that it would "  reduce the deficit more than any other deficit reduction package " and would represent an achievement . "  They should be proud of it , " Obama said . "  But they keep on finding ways to say ` no ' as opposed to finding ways to say ` yes . ' " His comments at a White House news conference came less than two weeks before the end of the year , when the nation 's taxpayers would face automatic tax increases and deep spending cuts if no agreement is reached . Economists say that failure to reach agreement could spark another recession . Boehner issued his own statement Wednesday , saying the president had yet to make a proposal offering a balance between increased revenue and spending cuts . In a 52-second appearance before reporters , Boehner said the House will pass his fallback plan Thursday limiting tax increases to income above $ 1 million . While the plan represents a concession from Boehner 's original vow to oppose any tax-rate increase , it sets a higher threshold than the $ 400,000 sought by Obama . Once the House passes his plan , the president can either persuade Senate Democrats to accept it or "  be responsible for the largest tax increase in American history , " Boehner said before walking off without answering shouted questions . The Obama administration and congressional Democrats said Boehner changed course because he was unable to muster Republican support for the larger deal being negotiated with Obama . At his news conference , Obama alluded to last Friday 's Connecticut school shootings in calling on Republicans to put aside political brinksmanship . "  If there 's one thing we should have after this week , it should be perspective about what 's important , " he said . "  Right now , what the country needs is for us to compromise , " he continued . He characterized as "  puzzling " the GOP refusal to accept his compromise . Asked why an agreement was proving so elusive after both sides had made concessions , Obama said it might be that "  it is very hard for them to say ` yes ' to me . " "  At some point they 've got to take me out of it , " Obama said of Republicans , adding they should instead focus on "  doing something good for the country . " Boehner responded by arguing that Obama 's proposal was not evenly balanced , with more new revenue instead of the spending cuts and entitlement reforms Republicans seek . The Boehner plan B would leave intact government spending cuts , including those related to defense , which are required under a budget deal reached last year to raise the federal debt ceiling . The threat of cuts was intended to motivate Congress to reach a deal . Opinion : Art that calls the fiscal cliff 's bluff But Obama said Wednesday that Boehner 's proposal "  defies logic " because it raises tax rates on some Americans , which Republicans say they do not want , and contains no spending cuts , which Republicans say they do want . He also criticized the measure as a benefit for wealthy Americans , who would have lower tax rates on income up to $ 1 million . The White House and congressional Democrats say plan B has no chance of passing ; Obama said that bringing it up only wastes time . Senior administration officials said Obama and Boehner have not spoken to each other since Monday . GOP leaders planned to vote Thursday on Boehner 's proposal , as well as Obama 's long-standing proposal to return to higher tax rates of the 1990s on income above $ 250,000 for families . Obama on Monday raised the threshold for the higher tax rates to $ 400,000 . Conservative allies publicly supported Boehner 's plan Wednesday . Anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist provided political cover for Republicans who have signed his pledge against tax increases , saying he could support plan B. Obama and Democrats argue that increased revenue , including higher tax rates on the wealthy , must be part of broader deficit reduction plan . Obama made the tax proposal a theme of his re-election campaign , arguing that it would prevent a tax increase for middle-class Americans . Polls show support for the Obama plan , and some Republicans have called for acceding to the president on the tax issue in order to focus on cuts to spending and entitlement programs . Budget experts : Fiscal cliff deal could disappoint Boehner and Republicans initially opposed any rise in tax rates but agreed to raising revenue by eliminating some deductions and loopholes . The offer of a plan with higher rates for millionaires represented a further concession , but Obama and Democrats say it would not suffice . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada said Boehner 's plan appeared to be a result of pressure from tea party conservatives opposing a wider deal . "  It would be a shame if Republicans abandoned productive negotiations due to pressure from the tea party , as they have time and again , " Reid said this week . Boehner 's spokesman , Michael Steel , shot back that the plan B proposal gave Democrats what they wanted -- higher tax rates on millionaires . What happens if the payroll tax cut expires Obama 's latest offer has generated protests from the liberal base of the Democratic Party because it includes cuts in entitlement programs such as Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . Justin Ruben , executive director of MoveOn , which backed Obama 's presidential campaigns , said its members would consider any benefit cuts "  a betrayal that sells out working and middle-class families . " In particular , liberals cited concessions that Obama made Monday in his counteroffer , including a new inflation formula applied to benefits called chained CPI . Obama offers fiscal cliff tax concession Chained CPI includes assumptions on consumer habits in response to rising prices , such as seeking cheaper alternatives , and would result in smaller benefit increases in future years . Statistics supplied by opponents say the change would mean Social Security recipients would get $ 6,000 less in benefits over the first 15 years of chained CPI . But White House spokesman Jay Carney said Obama 's CPI proposal "  would protect vulnerable communities , including the very elderly , when it comes to Social Security recipients . " He called the president 's acceptance of the chained CPI a signal of his willingness to compromise . CNN 's Dan Lothian , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh and Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	White House threatens to veto Boehner 's "  plan B " President Obama suggests Republicans are fixated on besting him personally Speaker Boehner says the House will pass his fallback tax plan Thursday Without a deal , everyone 's taxes go up in the new year
KANSAS CITY , Kansas  CNN  -- Army Spc. Jeremy Hall was raised Baptist . Army Spc. Jeremy Hall , who was raised Baptist but is now an atheist , says the military violated his religious freedom . Like many Christians , he said grace before dinner and read the Bible before bed . Four years ago when he was deployed to Iraq , he packed his Bible so he would feel closer to God . He served two tours of duty in Iraq and has a near perfect record . But somewhere between the tours , something changed . Hall , now 23 , said he no longer believes in God , fate , luck or anything supernatural . Hall said he met some atheists who suggested he read the Bible again . After doing so , he said he had so many unanswered questions that he decided to become an atheist . His sudden lack of faith , he said , cost him his military career and put his life at risk . Hall said his life was threatened by other troops and the military assigned a full-time bodyguard to protect him out of fear for his safety . Watch why Hall says his lack of faith almost got him killed " In March , Hall filed a federal lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Defense and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , among others . In the suit , Hall claims his rights to religious freedom under the First Amendment were violated and suggests that the United States military has become a Christian organization . "  I think it 's utterly and totally wrong . Unconstitutional , " Hall said . Hall said there is a pattern of discrimination against non-Christians in the military . Two years ago on Thanksgiving Day , after refusing to pray at his table , Hall said he was told to go sit somewhere else . In another incident , when he was nearly killed during an attack on his Humvee , he said another soldier asked him , "  Do you believe in Jesus now ? " Hall is n't seeking compensation in his lawsuit -- just the guarantee of religious freedom in the military . Eventually , Hall was sent home early from Iraq and later returned to Fort Riley in Junction City , Kansas , to complete his tour of duty . He also said he missed out on promotions because he is an atheist . "  I was told because I ca n't put my personal beliefs aside and pray with troops I would n't make a good leader , " Hall said . Michael Weinstein , a retired senior Air Force officer and founder of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , is suing along with Hall . Weinstein said he 's been contacted by more than 8,000 members of the military , almost all of them complaining of pressure to embrace evangelical Christianity . "  Our Pentagon , our Pentacostalgon , is refusing to realize that when you put the uniform on , there 's only one religious faith : patriotism , " Weinstein said . Religious discrimination is a violation of the First Amendment and is also against military policy . The Pentagon refused to discuss specifics of Hall 's case -- citing the litigation . But Deputy Undersecretary Bill Carr said complaints of evangelizing are "  relatively rare . " He also said the Pentagon is not pushing one faith among troops . "  If an atheist chose to follow their convictions , absolutely that 's acceptable , " said Carr . "  And that 's a point of religious accommodation in department policy , one may hold whatever faith , or may hold no faith . " Weinstein said he does n't buy it and points to a promotional video by a group called Christian Embassy . The video , which shows U.S. generals in uniform , was shot inside the Pentagon . The generals were subsequently reprimanded . Another group , the Officers ' Christian Fellowship , has representatives on nearly all military bases worldwide . Its vision , which is spelled out on the organization 's Web site , reads , "  A spiritually transformed military , with ambassadors for Christ in uniform empowered by the Holy Spirit . " Weinstein has a different interpretation . "  Their purpose is to have Christian officers exercise Biblical leadership to raise up a godly army , " he says . But Carr said the military 's position is clear . "  Proselytizing or advancing a religious conviction is not what the nation would have us do and it 's not what the military does , " Carr said . The U.S. Justice Department is expected to respond to Hall 's lawsuit this week . In the meantime , he continues to work in the military police unit at Fort Riley and plans to leave as soon as his tour of duty expires next year .	Army Spc. Jeremy Hall was raised Baptist but is now an atheist His sudden lack of faith cost him his military career and put his life at risk , he says Hall sued the Defense Department ; claims military is a Christian organization Pentagon official : Complaints about evangelizing are "  relatively rare "
London  CNN  -- The organizers of the 2012 London Olympics have repeatedly asserted the value of the Games in the shape of wider involvement in sport , a lasting legacy of sporting facilities , and increased tourism . But experience from previous Games suggest differently . Not one recent Olympic host nation can point to an increase in sport participation as a result of the Olympics . Many of the stadiums built for the Greek Games are now expensive-to-maintain wrecks . As for tourism , the Olympics generally leads to a decrease in visitor spending , not an increase , as the travel industry has pointed out . Watch how Greece 's Olympic dream turns sour Despite all this , not one politician or sports administrator has come up with a plan for a better Games , an Olympics for all . This is what my book , "  Why The Olympics Are n't Good For Us , And How They Can Be , " uniquely sets out to do . Let 's be clear : I love sport . My book is not anti-Olympics , and I will be caught up in the excitement of the Games once they begin . But I believe the Games could have been organized differently . I am suggesting "  Five New Olympic Rings " representing five core principles that would draw in the direct participation of the maximum number of people . Otherwise , for most citizens the Games can only be experienced via the remote control from the sofa . They might as well be taking place somewhere else , saving us both the expense and the inconvenience . So let 's see what a Games organized under an alternative vision might look like : Ring One : A decentralized Olympics held all across Britain could have created a local Games for large parts of the population , instead of everything being crammed in to London . I would ditch the idea of a host city , and replace it with a host nation . Ring Two : Spectator attendance could have been boosted by making use of the many existing large stadiums , mainly soccer grounds . Virtually none are being utilized . Centralizing all of the events in London venues with much smaller capacities slashes the audience that can attend and results in increased ticket prices for the few , instead of lowering those prices for the many . Purpose-built stadiums also cost the taxpayer a lot more money . Read what changed the Olympics forever Ring Three : Significant parts of the Olympic program could have been held outside of stadiums entirely , creating large-scale free-to-watch events . A multi-stage cycling Tour of Britain , a round-Britain yacht race , a canoe marathon , even open water swimming events in the country 's lakes and lochs could have been organized . A measure of London 2012 's chronic lack of ambition is the abandoning of the original plan for running the marathon through East London , which would have provided spectator space for hundreds of thousands . It has been replaced with four six-mile laps around the center of the city , reducing the potential audience by 75 % . Watch how the Olympic legacy impacted Montreal Ring Four : Preference could have been given to Olympics sports that are universally accessible . The same few countries always win the equestrian , yachting and rowing events while entire continents have never won a single medal in these sports . Substantial investment in specialist training , beyond the means of many countries , is required to take part in these competitions . Compare this with the breadth of countries that have won medals in boxing , football , or middle - and long-distance running . These are sports requiring no expensive kit or facilities , governed by simple rules , with mass appeal . Other sports with likely high participation could be added to the Olympic roster . One of my favourite candidates is the tug-of-war , which last featured at the 1920 Games . Requiring not much more than a sturdy rope , it is easy to train for , the teams could be mixed , and the spectacle could be a real crowd-pleaser . Ring Five : The Olympic symbol could have been used as a symbol for sporting participation rather than as a logo for corporate sponsors . With priorities reversed in this way , the precious Olympics Five Rings could only have been used by voluntary and community groups to promote sport on a not-for-profit basis . Sponsors could have been forbidden any use of the Five Rings . They need sport just as much as sport needs their millions yet the Olympic authorities sell the Games short by meekly complying with the sponsors ' ever-escalating demands . Let 's not forget the biggest sponsor of all of London 2012 : the British taxpayer . I want to build a new Olympics , to take the best of the Games I first fell in love with as a child  I still have the sticker album to prove it  . Why , up until now , has no such alternative been even discussed ? My book seeks to redress that failure . Let the debate begin . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Perryman .	Olympics assert value of Games in terms of sport , legacy of facilities and tourism boost Mark Perryman argues this is not true , and proposes improvements to Games He proposes decentralizing Games around a nation and more free-to-view events Olympic Rings could also be used by charities instead of by sponsors
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan was under house arrest early Friday , authorities said , after she turned herself in early to begin a sentence for jewelry theft conviction . Lohan showed up three weeks early at a Los Angeles jail to begin serving her sentence , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said Thursday . It was determined that she would serve her time under house arrest because of overcrowding at the facility , authorities said . She was fitted with an electronic ankle bracelet to monitor her movements and ensure she stays at home , except as allowed by the court , Whitmore said . The actress was sentenced May 11 to 120 days in jail , but overcrowding at the facility and state rules could reduce the time she must be confined to her Venice , California , home , the sheriff 's office said earlier . Lohan , 24 , pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor theft charge after she apparently left a Venice jewelry store in January wearing a gold and diamond necklace she had not paid for . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner gave Lohan until June 17 to begin the sentence , but she reported to the jail early on Thursday , Whitmore said . Once there , it was determined that she was eligible for home confinement instead of jail , he said . Early release formulas , required by a federal order to reduce jail overcrowding , will likely reduce the sentence to about 14 days , Whitmore said after the sentencing . "  Because of budget constraints and because we 're under a federal consent decree that requires us to curb our overcrowding situation , nonviolent offenders , lesser crimes , get 20 % of their sentence , " the spokesman explained . Sautner remarked that the discounts on the sentences "  seem to be like shopping at Costco . " As part of Lohan 's sentence , Sautner also ordered that the actress remain on supervised probation until she completes 480 hours of community service . But the judge rejected Deputy City Attorney Melanie Chavira 's request for substance abuse counseling for the actress . Sautner said drugs and alcohol are not the root of Lohan 's legal troubles , but "  she 's got other problems for which she self-medicates . " Lohan 's four years in and out of court -- and sometimes jail -- started with two drunken driving arrests in 2007 . Since then , she 's spent more than eight months in substance abuse rehabilitation programs . After her sentencing , the court released a probation report that said the actress "  appears to be continuing to struggle with substance abuse issues . " "  It would appear that the defendant 's criminal conduct is increasing in seriousness and severity , " the probation report said , yet it suggested she serve her sentence on probation and not in jail . Lohan tested positive for alcohol use , a violation of probation rules , in February , the report said . It also revealed that the drug test failure last August , which resulted in a jail sentence and court-ordered rehab , involved cocaine and amphetamines . Lohan was not at the May 11 hearing , but her lawyer entered a no-contest plea to the misdemeanor theft charge on her behalf . "  I am glad to be able to put this past me and move on with my life and my career , " Lohan said in a written statement released by her lawyer . "  I support the judge 's decision and hold myself accountable for being in this situation . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Lohan had until June 17 to start her sentence It was determined that she was eligible for home confinement She was fitted with an electronic ankle bracelet The actress pleaded guilty to a necklace theft charge
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Animal rights campaigners were holding a meeting Tuesday with Britain 's Ministry of Defence to argue against the use of bearskin in the iconic furry headgear worn by royal guards at Buckingham Palace . A PETA activist in Sofia , Bulgaria earlier this year protests against UK troops wearing bearskin hats . Robbie LeBlanc , European director for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  PETA  , was meeting with Ann Taylor , the minister for defense equipment and support , the defense ministry said . "  We are hoping that they will switch to a humane synthetic alternative , " a PETA spokeswoman said . PETA has been campaigning for years against the use of bearskin in the headgear , a familiar symbol of London worn by the guards who keep watch over royal buildings like Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle . The hats are part of the footguards ' ceremonial dress , along with the bright red jackets . PETA says the bears used to produce the fur hats are killed cruelly and unnecessarily . "  It 's an absolute moral disgrace , " said Mike Hancock , a British lawmaker who has joined PETA 's campaign against the bearskins . "  I do n't think the British public or tourists will mind if it 's synthetic fur , and I 'm absolutely amazed in this day and age that we see beautiful animals skinned and killed " to produce the hats . A spokesman for the National Army Museum in London , Julian Farrance , said the fur comes only from Canadian bears that have died naturally , and that no bears are killed for the hats . Campaigners say they still want the defense ministry to use a different material . "  It still promotes the usage of animal fur in areas where it 's totally unnecessary , in my view , for fur to be used , " said Glenda Jackson , another British lawmaker opposed to the use of the fur . The British Army 's use of the bearskin hats dates back to the Battle of Waterloo on in 1815 , when Wellington 's army defeated the French Imperial Guard in a victory that marked Napoleon 's downfall . The British soldiers captured the headgear from the defeated Imperial Guardsmen and have worn them ever since , although today the hats are only worn for ceremonial duties . Those British soldiers were renamed the Grenadier Guards to honor their defeat of the Grenadiers of the French Imperial Guards . The Grenadiers are now among five bearskin-wearing regiments that guard British royal buildings . But each bearskin hat is heavy and can prove very hot for the wearer . "  There have been occasions where soldiers have suffered from heatstroke , because obviously wearing that much fur on your head ... can get quite warm , " Farrance said .	Animal rights campaigners oppose UK royal guards wearing furry headgear Scheduled to stage meeting with defense ministry in London Tuesday Iconic headgear has been worn since the battle of Waterloo in 1815 Army expert : Fur comes only from Canadian bears that have died naturally
CNN  -- Country music artist Taylor Swift has told CNN she never dreamed she would shoot to stardom so quickly . At just 19 years old , she is one of the most successful recording artists of the decade in the United States . Her album "  Fearless " is certified quadruple platinum , and her 60-date tour of the U.S. , UK and Australia sold out in minutes . Talking to CNN 's Becky Anderson , she said : "  I think for me the most satisfying thing is going out with my first headlining tour and having every show sell out . That was something that I never dreamed would be so quick to happen . "  Putting Madison Square Garden on sale and having it be sold out in 59 seconds . Like I ca n't believe that . I 'm still completely blown away by that . "  And I think my parents are most proud of the moment when where we were all sitting in the crowd at the CMA Awards and they heard my name announced as entertainer of the year . "  I think my parents cried more for that moment than any other moment . " She has had two number one albums in the Billboard Charts , and in 2009 , Swift became the first country music artist ever to win an MTV Video Music Award . Asked what she would have thought had someone told her 10 years ago that she would be famous by the age of 18 , she said : "  I thought I was going to do what my parents did . They went to college . They went into business and I loved music and I never imagined that I would actually get to do that as a job . It 's wonderful . " Asked why it is that her songs are considered country music , she said : "  I think that what categorizes country music , to me , in my head . I think a country song is when you are singing about being proud of your life . "  I sing about love and boys and that 's my life . So that 's what fascinates me , feelings , and so I think if you are singing and writing songs about the way that you live your life , that 's a country song . " On reports that she is dating teen heartthrob Taylor Lautner , Swift said : "  He 's a great guy and we 're really close . " But she refused to be drawn on her thoughts about Kanye West , who cut her off as she accepted the award for Best Female Song at the MTV Music Video Awards ceremony . "  I just have n't really changed my mind and that I do n't like to talk about it , " she said .	Most satisfying thing is having every show in her tour sell out , she tells CNN At 19 she is one of the most successful U.S. recording artists of the decade On teen heartthrob Taylor Lautner , she says : "  We 're really close "
CNN  -- Five key issues factored into George Zimmerman 's acquittal Saturday in last year 's shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin : 1 . The charges filed Did the prosecution make a mistake in filing a second-degree murder charge against Zimmerman ? "  I think the problem was they overcharged it in the very beginning , " said Holly Hughes , a criminal defense lawyer who was not on Zimmerman 's legal team . Had prosecutors started with the manslaughter charge , the outcome might have been different , she told CNN . But Florida State Attorney Angela Corey said the allegations "  fit the bill " for the second-degree murder charge . Second-degree murder is defined as a killing carried out with hatred , ill will or spite , but is not premeditated . To convict Zimmerman of manslaughter , jurors would have had to believe he "  intentionally committed an act or acts that caused the death of Trayvon Martin . " A verdict and more : Get caught up Questions surfaced about whether the charge was appropriate because knowing a person 's feeling during a killing is difficult to prove . As a result , the prosecution had to rely on the evidence to tell the story of what happened and what led to the shooting , HLN 's Ryan Smith said . Without an abundance of evidence , proving the case was difficult for both sides . Former Los Angeles County prosecutor Loni Coombs emphasized that jurors did not find Zimmerman innocent ; rather , they found him not guilty . There 's a difference , she told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  They 're not saying he 's innocent , they 're just saying they could n't prove beyond a reasonable doubt , and therefore the law gave them no choice but to write ` not guilty , ' " Coombs said . 2 . The evidence presented Zimmerman 's account of what happened the night of the shooting was a central part of the trial . He was the only living person who witnessed the entire incident , and there was n't much physical evidence for either team to fall back on . Various adverse conditions played into the initial investigation that night : A dark , rainy scene is n't ideal for a homicide investigation , says HLN law enforcement analyst Mike Brooks . Much was made during the trial about why there was so little blood on Martin and Zimmerman , who said he fired in self defense because he was being beaten and feared for his life . Dr. Vincent Di Maio , a former medical examiner in San Antonio and an expert on gunshot wounds , testified that the rain could have washed away and affected evidence collected from Martin 's hands . Attorney Faith Jenkins said it does n't matter what a prosecutor believes if he or she does n't have adequate evidence . "  Trials are not necessarily about the truth all the time , " the former prosecutor told CNN . "  It 's about what you can prove in court . " There was so little evidence available that the defense put together an animated video to re-enact the events of that night based on witness statements , police reports and Zimmerman 's account , they said . The judge ruled against the use of the video . Zimmerman could still be held responsible for Martin 's death 3 . The teen who spoke to Martin She was on the phone with Martin moments before he was shot and was considered a key prosecution witness . But Rachel Jeantel initially resisted coming forward . "  She did not want to get involved in this in no way possible , " Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump told reporters Saturday . During two days of testimony that was at times tense and combative , Jeantel described her conversation with Martin . When defense attorney Don West challenged her story , suggesting Martin attacked Zimmerman , she responded : "  That 's retarded . " Jeantel testified that Martin told her he was being chased by a "  creepy-a ** cracker . " "  This was a disaster , " criminal defense lawyer Mark Geragos told CNN 's Anderson Cooper the day Jeantel testified . "  This was the star witness , the star witness . The wheels came off and it was a train wreck . And there 's no other -- there 's no way to soft-pedal it . " Analysis : The race factor 4 . The voice on the call The mothers of Zimmerman and Martin each testified that screams for help heard on a 911 call the night of the shooting were those of her son . Whose voice was heard on the call was considered key for both the prosecution and defense in proving who was responsible for the shooting . If the screams were Martin 's , as the prosecution contended , Zimmerman was the aggressor . If the screams were Zimmerman 's , as the defense said , Martin was the aggressor . On July 5 , in a packed courtroom , the prosecution played the recording for Martin 's mother , Sybrina Fulton . When asked if she recognized the voice , Fulton said it belonged to "  Trayvon Benjamin Martin . " Hours later , the defense called Gladys Zimmerman to the stand , where she testified the voice screaming for help belonged to her son . "  I know because he 's my son , " she said . As a result , there was no definitive answer for jurors . 5 . Testimony The lead detective in the case , Chris Serino , was called to the stand by the prosecution . Serino told the court that he believed Zimmerman exaggerated the number of times he was hit that night but did n't feel any "  active deception . " "  Either he was telling the truth or he was a complete pathological liar , " he testified .	Attorney : I think the prosecution overcharged the case in the very beginning Prosecutor Angela Corey defends the decision to charge Zimmerman with murder A lack of witnesses who saw the entire incident made the case hard to prove Attorney : Trials are not always about the truth ; "  It 's about what you can prove in court "
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The Netherlands froze all ties with Iran Sunday after Tehran hanged a Dutch-Iranian woman a day earlier , calling the execution a "  shocking act by a barbaric regime . " And Dutch Foreign Minister Uri Rosenthal will "  discuss possible measures " against Iran by the European Union on Monday , the foreign ministry said . Iran hanged Zahra Bahrami Saturday , saying she was a drug smuggler , the semi-official Fars news agency reported , although the Dutch government expressed "  great concern " about her case three weeks ago . Fars said Bahrami smuggled cocaine into Iran with the help of a Dutch partner . But the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran suggested the drug charges were only a pretext to execute her . The campaign said Bahrami was originally charged with security offenses in the wake of widespread protests against the government over a controversial presidential election in June 2009 . Her lawyer was "  shocked " to find she had been hanged , the group said . "  I was absolutely not informed about this . They should have informed her lawyer of the execution , but I had no idea . I do n't know what to say . Just that I am shocked , " Jinoos Sharif Razi told the group . The campaign said it learned of the hanging from Bahrami 's daughter . Bahrami was accused of bringing cocaine into the country twice and selling it . Cocaine and opium were found during a search of her house , Fars reported . Her sentence also included 70 lashes and a $ 1,400 fine , Fars reported . Fars added that during a search of her house , while she was charged with security crimes , 450 grams of cocaine and 420 grams of opium were discovered and , following further investigation , it was found that she had also distributed 150 grams of cocaine . Iran denied Bahrami access to Dutch consular assistance and would not let Dutch officials attend her trial because Tehran did not recognize her dual citizenship , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Netherlands said on January 5 . ` I 'm greatly concerned about Zahra Bahrami 's situation , and I immediately asked the Iranian authorities to clarify the very disturbing reports that she had been condemned to death , " Foreign Minister Rosenthal said in a statement at the time . It is not clear if Iran ever responded to the Dutch request . On Sunday , the Netherlands strongly advised Dutch-Iranian citizens not to travel to Iran . CNN 's David Wilkinson contributed to this report .	NEW : The Netherlands vows to discuss possible EU measures against Iran Monday Authorities say Zahra Bahrami smuggled cocaine into the country Human rights campaigners say she was originally charged with security offenses Her lawyer is "  shocked " by the execution
CNN  ISIS has stepped up the use of children in its bloody campaign of terror , the United Nations says -- subjecting them to horrors that include putting price tags on them to sell as slaves . A report released this week focused on children in Iraq , as well as the responsibility of that nation 's government for ensuring the safety and security of young civilians in the conflict . But it certainly does n't preclude similar things happening in Syria , where ISIS is also entrenched and also has been blamed for various atrocities . In reference to Iraq , at least , the U.N. report found that the terrorist group is resorting more and more to brutal acts such as enslaving , raping , beheading , crucifying and burying people alive . Some of those affected are children . "  We have had reports of children , especially children that are mentally challenged , who have been used as suicide bombers , most probably without them even understanding what has happened or what they have to expect , " said Renate Winter , an expert with the U.N. Committee on the Rights of the Child . Some as young as age 8 are getting training to become soldiers , she said . "  Children of minorities have been captured in places where the so-called ISIL has its strength , have been sold in market with tags , price tags on them , have been sold as slaves , " Winter said . People of the Yazidi faith -- which draws from Christianity , Judaism and the ancient monotheistic religion of Zoroastrianism , and which some Muslims consider devil worship -- have long faced persecution , though by comparison ISIS ' cruelty to them has been extraordinary . Kurdistan Regional Government adviser Nazand Begikhani , for instance , has said Yazidi "  women have been treated like cattle , ... subjected to physical and sexual violence , including systematic rape and sex slavery . " Yazidi children have n't fared much better at the hands of ISIS . An earlier U.N. report described how militants rounded up all Yazidi males "  older than 10 years of age at the local school , took them outside the village by pickup trucks , and shot them . " The U.N. report , while alarming , is n't surprising considering all the accounts of ISIS ' brutality in recent years . The self-proclaimed Islamic State has made a name for itself -- in its quest to form a vast caliphate governed under a strict version of Sharia law -- both through its conquests and its savagery . The savagery was on display again this week with the release of video showing Jordanian pilot Lt. Moath al-Kasasbeh being burned to death , the latest example of ISIS not just executing its captives but broadcasting such violence as propaganda . While there was no response specifically to the U.N. report , ISIS has in the past attempted to justify atrocities -- including the enslaving , raping and selling of captives -- as being done in God 's name . The terror group printed a pamphlet last fall , then distributed it in Mosul in December , entitled "  Questions and Answers on Female Slaves and their Freedom . " It spells out rationales for having sex with prepubescent girls and generally capturing those who are "  nonbelievers , " i.e. they do n't subscribe to ISIS ' extreme take on Islam . ISIS : Enslaving , having sex with ` unbelieving ' women , girls is OK As such , the ISIS document claims , "  It is permissible to buy , sell or give as a gift female captives and slaves , for they are merely property . " The U.N. report was n't just critical of ISIS . It also urged the Iraqi government -- which , along with neighboring Syria , is fighting the Islamist extremist group -- to do more to protect children , saying the Iraqi forces are contributing to the problem . A "  very large number of children " have been killed and severely injured by airstrikes , shelling and military operations by Iraqi forces , the report said . Still , it 's ISIS that is beneath all others involved in the fray when it comes to barbarity . Not only has the group not apologized for its actions , but it 's reveled in them . And it 's used to children to drive home this point . An ISIS propaganda video released last month -- one that CNN could not independently verify -- shows a boy with a pistol apparently shooting two men in the back of the head . The boy then stands over one of the bodies , fires two more times , and later raises his pistol high . And last August , a photo posted to Twitter from an ISIS stronghold showed a 7-year-old boy holding a man 's severed head and his father 's words , "  That 's my boy . " ISIS has featured children as fighters before , calling them the "  cubs of the caliphate "  the adult jihadis call each other "  lions "  and has encouraged foreign fighters to bring their families . It has taken over schools to indoctrinate children . Human Rights Watch claims ISIS and other extremist groups "  have specifically recruited children through free schooling campaigns that include weapons training and have given them dangerous tasks , including suicide bombing missions . " That children celebrate such violence is horrifying enough , as evidenced by an ISIS video showing a young boy watching al-Kasasbeh 's killing . Since the propaganda video is carefully orchestrated , CNN has no way of knowing whether the boy was coerced . In it , the child looks up as if in awe and says he would "  burn the pilot " himself if he had a chance . He adds , "  All Arab tyrants should also be burned . " CNN 's Jessica King contributed to this report .	U.N. official says the terror group is using mentally-challenged children She urges Iraq to protect children nationwide
Health.com  -- People who carry the genital herpes virus but have no visible symptoms -- and may not even be aware they 're infected -- are still capable of spreading the virus about 10 % of the time , according to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association . An estimated 16 % of U.S. adults are infected with herpes simplex virus type 2  HSV-2  , which can cause bumps , blisters , or sores on the genitals and surrounding areas , along with pain and itching . But only about 10 % to 25 % of these people know they carry the virus . While some infected people have frequent outbreaks , most never have symptoms and others have just one or two flare-ups . Previous research has shown that people infected with HSV-2 can pass the virus to someone else through genital contact even if they do n't have symptoms . The new study -- the largest of its kind to date -- helps quantify that risk , says Christine Johnston , M.D. , one of the study 's authors and an acting assistant professor of medicine at the University of Washington , in Seattle . "  A lot of times people are diagnosed with HSV-2 by an antibody test and they do n't know what to do with that information , " Johnston says . "  Now I think we have a number that we can tell people . " Health.com : Top 10 myths about safe sex and sexual health The study included 498 adults with healthy immune systems who had a diagnosis of genital herpes or who tested positive for HSV-2 . Every day for at least 30 days , the participants inspected themselves for symptoms and collected a swab of genital secretions , which were stored and later tested in a lab . The 410 people with a history of herpes symptoms were found to be actively "  shedding " the virus on 20 % of the days for which they collected swabs , compared with 10 % of days for those who had never experienced symptoms . The symptom-free people released the same amount of virus when they were shedding as the symptomatic people did when they were n't experiencing an outbreak .  The amount of virus increased if symptoms were present . The 10 % figure is an average , Johnston notes ; some people will shed the virus more frequently , while others will shed it less often . "  People will interpret the risk very differently , " she adds . "  Some people will feel like 10 % is a lot and some people will feel like 10 % is a little . " Health.com : 28 days to a healthier relationship " -LSB- The study -RSB- just begs the point that safe sex is important , and you had better know who your partner is , " says Richard D. Whitley , M.D. , a past president of the Infectious Disease Society of America and a professor of medicine at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . Whitley is a leading expert on herpes but was not involved in the current study . Everyone should know whether they have HSV-2 , Whitley says . Aside from the risk of unwittingly infecting sexual partners , pregnant women with no symptoms can pass on the virus to their babies with devastating consequences for the newborn , including death .  The risk of transmission is as high as 30 % to 50 % if the mother is infected during her third trimester . In addition , HSV-2 infection can cause complications in people who have weakened immune systems due to chronic disease , and it can increase a person 's likelihood of contracting HIV , Whitley says . Health.com : What to do if your partner refuses to wear a condom People with HSV-2 can protect their partners from contracting the virus by using male or female condoms during sex , and by taking virus-suppressing drugs . Each measure reduces the risk of transmitting the virus to a sex partner by about half . Some people with herpes take antiviral drugs for years , while others just use them periodically -- for example , when they 're starting a new relationship or anticipating a high-pressure situation .  Stress can up the risk of a herpes outbreak .  "  It really is a very personal decision for patients , " Johnston says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	An estimated 16 % of U.S. adults are infected with herpes simplex virus type 2  HSV-2 Some people will shed the virus more frequently , while others will shed it less often The infection can cause complications in those with weakened immune systems
CNN  -- George Smith , one of the Navajo code talkers who helped the U.S. military outfox the Japanese during World War II by sending messages in their obscure language , has died , the president of the Navajo Nation said . "  This news has saddened me , " Ben Shelly , the Navajo president , said in a post Wednesday on his Facebook page . "  Our Navajo code talkers have been real life heroes to generations of Navajo people . " Smith died Tuesday , Shelly said , and the Navajo Nation 's flag is flying at half-staff until Sunday night to commemorate his life . See CNN 's complete coverage of Veterans in Focus Several hundred Navajo tribe members served as code talkers for the United States during World War II , using a military communications code based on the Navajo language . They sent messages back and forth from the front lines of fighting , relaying crucial information during pivotal battles like Iwo Jima . Military authorities chose Navajo as a code language because it was almost impossible for a non-Navajo to learn and had no written form . It was the only code the Japanese never managed to crack . The Navajo code talkers participated in every assault the U.S. Marines carried out in the Pacific between 1942 and 1945 . The code talkers themselves were forbidden from telling anyone about the code -- not their fellow Marines , not their families -- until it was declassified in 1968 . Now in their 80s and 90s , only a handful of code talkers remain . "  They have brought pride to our Navajo people in so many ways , " Shelly said . "  The nation 's prayers and thoughts are with the family at this time as they mourn the passing of a great family man who served his country and protected his people . " Shelly 's Facebook post did n't mention Smith 's age or the cause and location of his death . A statement about the death on the official Navajo Nation website was not accessible late Thursday .	Several hundred Navajo code talkers served in World War II They transmitted key messages from the front line in their native language The Japanese never managed to crack the code Only a few code talkers remain alive today
NEW YORK  CNN  -- When filmmaker Roman Polanski was arrested Saturday in Switzerland , he was on his way to accept an award for Lifetime Achievement at the Zurich Film Festival . Peers of Roman Polanski have praised him for his talent and lamented his arrest . Polanski 's friend , Swiss filmmaker Otto Weisser , was among the first to publicly run to his defense . "  This is for me a shock . I am ashamed to be Swiss , that the Swiss is doing such a thing to brilliant fantastic genius , that millions and millions of people love his work , " Weisser said upon learning the director had been detained by Swiss authorities . "  He 's a brilliant guy , and he made a little mistake 32 years ago . What a shame for Switzerland . " By Tuesday , more than 130 heavyweights in the movie industry had taken up Polanski 's cause . An online petition has been signed by directors such as Marin Scorsese , Woody Allen and Pedro Almodovar , as well as actors . Studio chief Harvey Weinstein told CNN in a statement : "  We are calling every filmmaker we can to help fix this terrible situation . " Watch a report on celebrities ' feelings about Polanski 's arrest " Roman Polanski first stormed Hollywood with his psychological thriller , "  Rosemary 's Baby , " in 1968 . He remains one of the most celebrated directors in Hollywood and the world , despite not having set foot in the United States in more than three decades . "  We stand by and await his release and his next masterwork , " said Zurich Film Festival Jury President Debra Winger on Monday on behalf of Polanski . Adrien Brody , who Polanski directed in 2002 's "  The Pianist , " had glowing words when it came to his experience working with Polanski . "  If you have the guidance from someone you admire , like Roman Polanski , who not only is a gifted director and actor , but who knows the subject matter and in my opinion the character that I portray , implicitly , then , it 's a huge gift , " Brody said . "  I learned a great deal about film and the process , " the Academy Award winning actor added . "  I spent six weeks without another actor on the set , just Roman and I and a crew -- and that 's , that 's a dream come true for an actor . I cherished those memories . " "  He is sweet and very strong and is very , very demanding , in the tradition of an auteur , " said Sigourney Weaver about being directed by Polanski in 1994 's "  Death and the Maiden . " It 's a reputation Polanski 's earned and maintained , despite his 1977 guilty plea on a statutory rape charge of unlawful sex with a 13-year-old girl . Watch the mixed reaction in Switzerland to Polanski 's arrest " The celebrated director fled the United States and settled in France to escape jail , but by the standards of those in Hollywood , the case is ancient history . "  We hope today that this latest order will be dropped , " Winger said . "  It is based on a three decade old case that is all but dead , except for a minor technicality . " Matthew Belloni , who has has been following the Polanski case for The Hollywood Reporter 's legal blog , said the outpouring of support from the film industry is not surprising . "  It is a criminal conviction of a terrible crime , but it is something that the industry is willing to look the other way on , " Belloni said . "  If Hollywood really gets to look at itself and judge the personal character of a lot of the artists in the community , there would be a lot of empty seats at the Oscars because a lot of people have personal problems . This sort of is at the extreme level of that . " As Polanski 's star rose after his Oscar-winning hit , "  Rosemary 's Baby , " the world got to know the director 's back story . He was the son of Polish Jews whose mother died in a concentration camp even as a young Polanski escaped the Nazis . Polanski grew up to become a famous director and married actress Sharon Tate . He later became the object of national sympathy when Tate was murdered by the Charles Manson Family in 1969 . His next big movie , 1974 's "  Chinatown , " was nominated for 11 Oscars . That success gave Hollywood its heroic tag line for Polanski : Tragic survivor moves on . Actors from his films said they have felt a certain empathy as they are directed by him . "  Roman was one of those poor Krakow ghetto children who had to hide in the latrine , " said Sir Ben Kingsley , who starred with Weaver in "  Death and the Maiden . " Brody hailed Polanski for his survival , even in the face of being separated from his parents and losing his mother at Auschwitz . "  He survived alone , basically , in hiding , " Brody said . "  It 's one of the many things I feel he 's overcome , and what 's wonderful about Roman is that although he 's experienced some tragic things in his life , he also has this unbroken spirit . " After the rape case , American authorities sought his arrest , but he continued to work around the world on movies such as "  Tess " and "  The Ninth Gate , " traveling to film festivals and movie sets . But it was in 2002 when Polanski rocketed back onto the public stage , with "  The Pianist . " The Holocaust film won the top prize at the Cannes Film Festival , igniting a buzz culminating in three Oscars in 2003 , including best actor for Brody and best director for Polanski . Harrison Ford accepted the award in his absence . The crowd at the Kodak Theater roared . The Hollywood Reporter 's Belloni explained Hollywood 's readiness to forgive . "  Look at some of the people who have been involved with scandals , " Belloni said . " "  Everyone from Michael Vick , who is now playing football again , to Mel Gibson , who has been involved in a lot of scandals , now he 's working again . America is a very , very forgiving culture , and Hollywood itself . If you are a talent , the industry is willing in many ways to look the other way . " And the industry is n't alone in wanting to put the past aside . Polanski 's victim , Samantha Geimer , told CNN 's Larry King in 2003 that she wished the story and the case had ended soon after it began three decades ago . "  The publicity was so traumatic and so horrible his punishment was secondary to just getting this whole thing to stop , " Geimer said . "  It was crazy . I never wanted him to go to jail . "	Some industry heavy hitters support Roman Polanski after his arrest Many in the international film community continue to hail him as a hero Polanski has remained a Hollywood insider while living as a fugitive Film festival president : "  We hope today that this latest order will be dropped "
When the influential cleric Yusuf al Qaradawi recently called on fellow Sunni Muslims to join the rebels fighting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime , he effectively called for the Sunni-Shia conflict in the Middle East to escalate in some countries and start anew in others . Qaradawi said he was not demonizing all Shia Muslims -- but that is precisely the effect of his inflammatory words . He denounced al-Assad 's Alawite sect , an offshoot of Shia Islam , as "  more infidel than Christians and Jews . " signaling a broader demonization of all Shia . He also said the Lebanese Shia militia Hezbollah  whose name means "  the party of God "  is really "  the party of the devil . " "  How could 100 million Shia  worldwide  defeat 1.7 billion  Sunnis  ? " Qaradawi asked , speaking May 31 in Doha , Qatar , about the two largest Muslim sects . "  Only because they  Sunni  are weak , " he said , attempting to inspire the Sunnis to go to Syria to fight against al-Assad and prove their strength . "  I call on Muslims everywhere to help their brothers be victorious , " Qaradawi said in his sermon . "  Everyone who has the ability and has training to kill ... is required to go " to Syria . "  We can not ask our brothers to be killed while we watch . " Such provocative statements are classic Qaradawi , who in 2008 warned of the "  Shiitization " of the Middle East . But as a clever operative , he knows this time his statements could escalate the conflict in Syria , Iraq and Lebanon . Qaradawi 's rhetoric could also embolden the Sunni majority in Saudi Arabia and the Shia majority in Bahrain , where the Sunni royal family is fighting a Shia-led uprising . In addition , his statements could add legitimacy to the alarm in Egypt , where Sunnis fear a possible , though improbable , infiltration of Shia Islam from Iran . Qaradawi , who is a controversial figure in the West but has millions of Sunni followers , timed his remarks on the heels of a speech a week earlier by Hassan Nasrallah , the Hezbollah leader . Nasrallah acknowledged what had been an open secret -- that Hezbollah fighters are in Syria battling the Sunni opposition and supporting the al-Assad regime . Like Qaradawi , Nasrallah said his condemnation of the Sunnis did not apply to all -- just those fighting al-Assad -- but he too aimed to escalate the sectarian animosity that has already begun to grip the Muslim world . What is striking about the statements by Nasrallah and Qaradawi , and their timing , is that the other open secret -- a deepening sectarian conflict spreading throughout the region -- has now been publicly acknowledged . In the past , both men attempted to talk in fake pleasantries about the other sect . Nasrallah claimed Hezbollah was fighting the "  resistance "  the war against Israel  for all Muslims , and Qaradawi spoke of closing the divide between Shia and Sunni . On May 31 , Qaradawi reiterated this message in his Doha speech and explained why he has had a change of heart . "  I kept calling for years  for efforts  to bridge the gap between sects , and traveled to Iran during the era of former President Mohammad Khatami  but  these fanatics  in Iran  and hard-liners want to disempower the Sunnis . They deceived me and deceived many others like me by saying that they , too , want to bridge the differences , " Qaradawi said . It is entirely possible that escalation of the sectarian conflict will lead to a profound remapping of some Arab states . This is already a likely possibility in Syria . If a negotiated settlement is not reached between al-Assad 's government and the opposition , al-Assad and his minority Alawites could partition the country by forming their own enclave , apart from the Sunni majority . In Iraq , Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al Maliki is trying to sustain and consolidate Shia dominance by excluding the Sunni from important institutions and labeling them terrorists . More broadly , the country is witnessing a return of Shia-Sunni clashes at the societal level -- some of the largest since 2006 . Even before the Syrian civil war began , sectarian conflict was a major outcome of the U.S. invasion of Iraq . In the tug of war between the Shia and Sunni , Nasrallah 's power is likely to diminish while that of Qaradawi is likely to rise . Once a leader who had support among the Sunni for defeating Israel in a battle in 2006 , Nasrallah , in fighting for Assad , has transformed himself and his movement into a strictly Shia paramilitary force engaged in a war with an uncertain outcome . Qaradawi , however , is riding a wave of Sunni triumphalism in the region and his sectarian rhetoric is likely to bolster the Sunni ascendancy , no matter what happens in Syria . Both men 's words leave little hope for reconciliation between Shia and Sunni , and instead serve as an open invitation for increased sectarian warfare -- now more likely than ever to be the most significant outcome of the recent Arab uprisings .	Geneive Abdo : Sunni-Shia tension has erupted into deepening split in Muslim world She says a prominent Sunni cleric gave sermon demonizing the Shia sect Yusuf al Qaradawi harshly criticized Hezbollah which is backing Assad 's regime in Syria Abdo : There 's little hope of tamping down the increasingly tense relationship
CNN  -- Cricket 's leading wicket-taker Muttiah Muralitharan has confirmed that he will retire from Tests later this month . The 38-year-old Sri Lanka spin bowler will bow out of the five-day game on home soil against the world 's top-ranked team India in Galle from 18-22 July . He had been expected to quit during November 's series against the West Indies , but has brought forward his retirement . Muralitharan , who has taken 792 wickets in 132 Test matches , will still be available for limited-overs internationals and may yet play at the 2011 World Cup which Sri Lanka will co-host along with India and Bangladesh . He has taken 84 more wickets in Tests than his closest rival Shane Warne , who retired in 2007 , and 437 more than the highest-ranked player to have played a Test this year -- India 's Harbhajan Singh . "  Champion spinner Muttiah Muralitharan has decided to retire from Test cricket , " said a statement on Sri Lanka Cricket 's official website on Tuesday . "  Mr Muralitharan has had discussions with the national selectors , SLC officials and has had the blessings of His Excellency the President Mahinda Rajapakse and the Minister of Sports , Hon. C.B. Ratnayake . " The SLC said it would hold a press conference in "  due course " to announce further details of the cricketer 's retirement . Muralitharan is widely considered to be the greatest bowler his country has ever produced . In addition to his Test feats , he has also taken a record-breaking 515 wickets in 337 one-day internationals . However , over the course of his 19-year career the Sri-Lankan 's unusual bent-arm bowling action has come under scrutiny from umpires and players , who have questioned its legality . But despite several investigations , the International Cricket Council failed to find the bowler guilty of any wrongdoing . Muralitharan 's manager said the player had changed his mind about retiring in November when the three-match India series -- which begins in Galle and finishes in Colombo next month -- was added to the Test calendar . "  Murali took a decision to retire from Test cricket during the West Indies series in November , but with an unscheduled Indian series coming up he has fast-tracked his retirement from Test cricket , " Kushil Gunasekara told the Cricinfo website . "  The selectors want Murali to be around just in case they do n't find a suitable replacement for him for the 2011 World Cup . They probably want the spinners to work around Murali . " Cricinfo reported that Muralitharan would not be available for the one-day tri-series after the India matches , which also involves New Zealand .	Spin bowler Muttiah Muralitharan has confirmed that he will retire from Test cricket Sri Lanka Cricket released a statement about the 38-year-old record-holder on Tuesday Muralitharan has taken 792 wickets in 132 Tests and 515 wickets in 337 one-day internationals He will still be available for selection for the 2011 World Cup co-hosted by Sri Lanka
Moscow  CNN  -- Russia said Wednesday that it blamed "  unfriendly " actions by Britain for a recent diplomatic spat that led both nations to expel each others ' diplomats . "  The British side has recently took an unfriendly step , groundlessly declaring persona non grata a diplomat at the Russian Embassy in London . We were compelled to take a similar step in response , " a statement on the Russian Foreign Ministry said . "  It is regretful that the actions of the British side were undertaken at a moment when our relations with Britain have just started to improve . The initiators of this incident bear full responsibility for its consequences . " The statement comes after the United Kingdom expelled a Russian diplomat on suspicion of spying , and Russia kicked out a British embassy staffer in Moscow in retaliation . Britain asked the Russian to leave on December 10 "  in response to clear evidence of activities by the Russian intelligence services against U.K. interests , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Tuesday . Russia told the British diplomat to leave Moscow on December 16 , Hague said . Hague said there was not "  any basis " for the expulsion . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	London expels a Russian diplomat on suspicion of spying Russia expels a British embassy staffer in response London says the Russian embassy staffer was working "  against UK interests "
CNN  -- A huge plume of black smoke soared above the picturesque Georgia city of Savannah on Saturday afternoon , prompting officials to urge people to stay inside to avoid the fumes . The fire began around 11:30 a.m. inside a warehouse located in the Georgia Port Authority 's Ocean Terminal , just west off of the city 's historic riverfront , said Savannah Fire Department spokesman Mark Keller . The warehouse contains pallets of solid rubber that were burning , according to Keller . Crews had contained the blaze to within half the building within a few hours , the fire spokesman said . Firefighters planned to remain on-site overnight . There were no reported injuries or evacuations . CNN iReporter captures flames , black smoke from bridge If the sight of the large column of rising black smoke was n't enough , people were being told not to go outside . "  If you do n't have to go out , we advise to stay inside , " Keller said Saturday . The National Weather Service issued a dense smoke advisory through 6 a.m. Sunday for much of Georgia 's Chatham County , including parts of the Savannah metropolitan area . This is an extension of a previous advisory that was supposed to end at 11 p.m. Visibility was expected to be at its worst through 4 a.m. or 5 a.m. , and problems could become exacerbated when fog mixes in with the smoke . "  Everyone is encouraged to stay indoors as the air quality will be hazardous . Avoid strenuous activities if you must work outdoors , " the advisory warned . "  Motorists should be alert for sudden changes in visibilities . " The Savannah College of Art and Design tweeted that people should avoid the River Street area , a popular spot for tourists filled with restaurants and stores . Kayvon Gerami , a CNN iReporter , said that people stopped along the Talmadge Memorial Bridge to photograph the fire . "  The black smoke started to look like a tornado , " the 28-year-old Gerami said . "  And now it smells like burnt tires everywhere . " Firefighters got some help from the weather . Winds were calm , according to the National Weather Service . "  Pretty much  the smoke  is going straight up , " said Vern Beaver , a National Weather Service meteorologist in nearby Charleston , South Carolina . "  It does n't seem to , right now , be producing much of a restriction to visibility . " Winds out of the north-northeast were expected to pick up and be about 8 mph , Beaver added . If they do , they 'd push whatever smoke is left offshore over the Atlantic Ocean . Authorities have n't yet determined what caused the fire . Keller said it wo n't be until Sunday or later when investigators can get into what 's left of the charred warehouse . CNN 's Jareen Imam , Margaret Blaha and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Spokesman : Fire crews to remain on site A rubber fire begins at a warehouse just west of Savannah 's historic riverfront No one has been injured , but people are urged not to go outside A dense smoke advisory is in effect into Sunday morning
CNN  Slain Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov is n't the first critic of President Vladimir Putin to turn up dead . Some Putin opponents claim it is n't a coincidence that critics of the powerful leader and his government have been killed or landed behind bars . But the Kremlin has staunchly denied accusations that it 's targeting political opponents or had anything to do with the deaths . Here 's a look at some cases of outspoken critics of Putin 's government who 've ended up in exile , under house arrest , behind bars or dead . The business magnate backed an opposition party and accused Putin of corruption . He spent more than 10 years behind bars on charges of tax evasion and fraud . In statements to CNN , Khodorkovsky said his prosecution was part of a Kremlin campaign to destroy him and take control of Yukos , the oil company he built from privatization deals in the 1990s . The Kremlin denied the accusation . At the time of Khodorkovsky 's sentencing , the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement that "  allegations about some kind of selective prosecution in Russia are groundless . Russian courts deal with thousands of cases where entrepreneurs are prosecuted . " Due for release in August 2014 , he was released nearly a year earlier , in December 2013 , after Putin signed an amnesty decree pardoning him . His release , along with the pardoning of dissident Russian punk band Pussy Riot and a group of Greenpeace protesters , was widely seen as an attempt to improve the country 's image before the Winter Olympics in Sochi last February . Khodorkovsky is now living in Switzerland . He told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour last month that he wants to see regime change in his country . "  I think that my country does n't deserve a new era of authoritarianism , " he said . "  But at the same time , I do n't want a revolution . " She was a vocal critic of Russia 's war in Chechnya . Her home was a safe place , until it became the scene of her murder . She was shot four times at the entrance of her Moscow apartment in October 2006 . Last year , a Moscow court sentenced five men to prison for the killing . Authorities alleged that an unidentified man asked Lom-Ali Gaitukayev , whom the jury found was a mastermind of the slaying , to kill Politkovskaya in exchange for $ 150,000 because of her reports of human rights violations and other issues , the Moscow city court said . The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists said her work chronicling human rights abuses in Chechnya led to threats against her and angered Russian authorities . Shortly after her death , Putin denied any Kremlin involvement in her killing , saying that Politkovskaya 's "  death in itself is more damaging to the current authorities both in Russia and the Chechen Republic ... than her activities . " The former Russian agent was poisoned by a lethal dose of radioactive polonium , his tea spiked in a London hotel during a meeting with two former Russian security servicemen . After leaving the Russian Federal Security Service , he blamed the agency for orchestrating a series of apartment bombings in Russia in 1999 that left hundreds dead and led to Russia 's invasion of Chechnya later that year . In a statement from his deathbed in London in November 2006 , he said he had no doubt about who was to blame for his imminent death . "  You may succeed in silencing me , but that silence comes at a price , " Litvinenko said at the time . "  You may succeed in silencing one man , but the howl of protest from around the world will reverberate , Mr. Putin , in your ears for the rest of your life . " Officials have always dismissed the accusation as "  nonsense , " but suspicions linger . A Russian federal intelligence service spokesman went as far as to say that Moscow had not carried out any "  physical liquidation of unwelcome personalities " since the Soviet era . The two prime suspects in the poisoning , Andrei Lugavoi and Dmitry Kovtun , are Russian nationals . Both are former agents of the Russian security services . But both deny involvement , and the Russian government refuses to extradite either to Britain to face trial . In January 2009 , a masked man shot and killed Markelov , a Russian human rights lawyer known for his work on abuses by the Russian military in Chechnya . The gunman also shot Baburova , a journalist from Russia 's Novaya Gazeta newspaper , when she tried to intervene . Markelov was known for his work on high-profile cases . He represented the family of a Chechen woman killed by a former Russian colonel in March 2000 . He held a news conference hours before his death opposing the early release of Col. Yury Budanov , who had been convicted of strangling a Chechen teenage girl and was freed after serving eight years of a 10-year sentence . At the time , Novaya Gazeta Editor-in-Chief Dmitry Muratov suggested that Baburova was killed when she tried to stop the lawyer 's killer , but he said he could n't dismiss the possibility that she was also a target . Russian authorities said members of a neo-Nazi group were behind the killings , and two neo-Nazis were convicted for the deaths . The Chechnya-based human rights activist was kidnapped outside her home there in July 2009 and found dead in the neighboring Russian republic of Ingushetia later the same day . Her body was riddled with bullets , Russian prosecutors said -- several shots to the abdomen , and one to the head . Estemirova had spent years investigating human rights abuses in Chechnya . She told CNN in 2007 that she was investigating dozens of abductions and murders that had become the norm in Chechnya , where security forces were fighting a dirty war against separatist rebels . The head of the group Estemirova worked for , Memorial , accuses the Kremlin-backed Chechen leadership of ordering her killing . Her death drew the ire of European leaders . "  How many more Natalya Estemirovas and Anna Politkovskayas must be killed before the Russian authorities protect people who stand up for the human rights of Russian citizens ? " Terry Davis , then the Council of Europe secretary general , said at the time . The Guardian reported shortly after Estemirova 's death that Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov and his aides had threatened her . Kadyrov denied involvement in her killing , calling it a "  monstrous crime " that was carried out to discredit his government . The powerful Russian businessman 's falling-out with his government left him self-exiled in England . Berezovsky accused the Kremlin of killing Litvinenko . And for years , he bankrolled the effort of Litvinenko 's widow to push for an inquest into her husband 's death . In 2013 , he was found dead inside his house with a noose around his neck . Was it a suicide ? The coroner 's office said it could not say . In 2013 , during a phone call to a television show , Putin said he could not rule out that foreign secret services had a role in Berezovsky 's death . However , he added that there is no evidence of this . A corruption-fighting lawyer , Navalny famously branded Putin 's United Russia party "  the party of crooks and thieves . " He has been a prominent organizer of mass street protests and has attacked corruption in Russian government , using his blog and social media . The Kremlin critic was arrested in December just after hours after he was found guilty of fraud in a politically charged trial Navalny was detained after he broke house arrest and went to join a protest against the court 's verdict . In court , he got a three-and-a-half-year suspended sentence for the fraud conviction , while his brother , Oleg , also convicted of fraud , was given a prison term of the same length . The brothers denied charges of embezzling 30 million rubles  $ 540,000  from a Russian subsidiary of French cosmetics company Yves Rocher between 2008 and 2012 . Before the December ruling , he was under house arrest after he was convicted in 2013 of misappropriating $ 500,000 worth of state-owned timber , in what he told CNN was a fabricated case . The Telegraph reported that the Kremlin denies fabricating the case . A spokesman for Putin said the President only learned of the sentence from the media . Nemtsov , 55 , was a top official with the Republican Party of Russia/Party of People 's Freedom , a liberal opposition group . He had been arrested several times for speaking against Putin 's government . The most recent arrests were in 2011 , when he protested the results of parliamentary elections , and in 2012 , when tens of thousands protested against Putin . Most recently , he had been critical of the Kremlin 's handling of the Ukraine crisis . After his death Friday night , opposition leader Ilya Yashin said his friend had been working on a report about Russian troops and their involvement in Ukraine . In an interview with Newsweek magazine just hours before his death , Nemtsov said Russia was "  drowning " under Putin 's leadership and was swiftly becoming a fascist state . "  Due to the policy of Vladimir Putin , a country with unparalleled potential is sinking , an economy which accumulated untold currency reserves is collapsing , " he said . The former deputy prime minister accused Putin of using "  Goebbels-style propaganda " -- a reference to Joseph Goebbels , Nazi Germany 's propaganda minister -- to brainwash his countrymen . Nemtsov was scheduled to lead an opposition rally in Moscow last Sunday . But two days before the event , he was shot dead as he walked home from dinner with his Ukrainian model girlfriend . The killing took place just meters away from the Kremlin . The Kremlin suggested Nemtsov may have been killed by enemies of Russia intent on creating political discord . But many Nemtsov supporters suspect Putin 's administration of involvement . CNN 's Matthew Chance , Ivan Watson , Alla Eshchenko , Laura Smith-Spark , Holly Yan and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Some claim it 's no coincidence that critics of Putin and his government have been killed or imprisoned But the Kremlin staunchly denies accusations that it 's targeting political opponents
CNN  -- In the future we will have screens not just in the palm of our hands , but all around us , according to Matias Duarte , Google 's Director of Android User Experience . Talking to CNN at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , Duarte identified gesturing and "  tangibility " as the next major developments in mobile technology . "  Computers have to work the way people expect and not the other way round . I want everything can you touch on the screen to operate like objects in the real world do . That does n't mean they have to look like copies of objects in the real world , but they have to be tangible and physical and delightful , " he said . Admitting that using a phone can be an emotional experience , Duarte said : "  In the old days we used to be poking at phones . If I were to start poking you , you would n't like it , but when you start stroking , it 's a totally different message . "  Right now we only recognize a couple of fingers , and on screens that are small and always in the palm of your hand . "  In the future , we will look at the gestures of your entire body , facial expressions , arms , all of the fingers that you have , and you 're going to have screens not just in the palm of your hand , but all around you , " he said . Duarte promised that Google would never clamp down on the user 's ability customize Android on their phones . And he said one of the biggest challenges for Android was designing a platform for communities . "  We do n't look at a single target market , we try to think of this as a gift we 're giving to the world and that 's a big responsibility we take very seriously . I want it to be computing power for everyone . I want it to connect people , and make it open and free , not controlled by any company or any government . "	Matias Duarte , Google 's Director of Android User Experience , says smartphones must work the way people expect "  I want everything can you touch on the screen to operate like objects in the real world do , " he says Duarte identifies gesturing and "  tangibility " as big upcoming developments in mobile technology Says Android is "  a gift " Google are giving to the world
CNN  -- When trash disappears into the dumpster , where does it go ? A straightforward question for many of us , but in the Brazilian city of Belo Horizonte there 's seldom a simple answer where garbage is concerned . That 's because the catadores  trash collectors  of the ASMARE cooperative are adept at transforming any old disused material into furniture , jewelry or even works of art . "  I have two jobs , " explained 39-year-old collector Edimar Ferreira . "  I go and collect the trash and then I transform it into art . I make small sofas , wooden benches , tables , and other plastic adornments . " "  We have a phrase  at ASMARE  : ' o seu lixo e o meu luxo , '  roughly translated as ` your trash is our luxury , '  " he cheerily added . See also : Brazil 's middle class boom Catadores like Ferreira are a familiar sight in towns and cities across Brazil -- a motley collection of individuals who sift through mountains of street trash or landfill to locate paper , cans , bottles , metals and other types of recyclable materials . A 2010 estimate by the Business Commitment for Recycling  CEMPRE  association stated that there were roughly one million catadores in Brazil , although only a small number work officially for cooperatives and organizations like ASMARE . Many are the formerly homeless , ex-convicts or individuals who have stumbled upon hard times , selling what they find to recycling companies . Arts and crafts In recent years , however , the cash return for many of Belo Horizonte 's catadores has become too inconsistent to ensure a stable income . The solution that ASMARE -- a professional group representing nearly 200 pickers -- came up with was to get creative with the one material they have plenty of -- trash . Recruiting the help of local artists and volunteers , ASMARE has run an arts program for the best part of a decade where workers are taught how to transform the recyclable items they find during their daily collections . "  The art center started with the purpose of us being able to make our own carts , and then for the catadores ' children to learn how to make crafts and other art pieces with the material collected , " said Dona Geralda , founder and president of ASMARE . "  The main benefits are the generation of employment and income for the catadores and their children . We  have now  started to implement the culture of ` garbage that is not garbage , ' " added the 63-year-old , who has herself been a catadore since she was eight . See also : Brazil 's thriving African culture All items created at ASMARE are sold in a shop near the organization 's headquarters , with profits shared equally amongst the catadores . Combining art sales and the money accumulated from selling on recycled materials , an ASMARE worker 's monthly income now averages out a respectable 1,700 Brazilian Reais  about $ 800  . Branching out Yet although it was one of the first to introduce creative programs  as well as claiming to be the first catadore cooperative in Brazil  , the Belo Horizonte outfit is far from alone in its aesthetic endeavors . Other organizations and artists have adopted similarly imaginative tactics in undertaking creative projects with catadores in recent years . In Sao Paolo , a street project called "  Pimp My Carroca " has been adding colorful graffiti to the wooden carts used by many catadores since last summer . The 2010 Oscar-nominated film Wasteland documented the catadores of Rio de Janeiro 's now closed Jardin Gramacho landfill as they became subjects of works by the Brazilian artist Vik Muniz . The artworks eventually sold for tens of thousands of dollars each . See also : Does Brazil deserve its B for BRIC According to Mauricio Soares , an artist who heads the ASMARE creative program , helping catadores to produce art is about much more than just the obvious financial or creative benefits . "  In Brazil the catadore is often discriminated against because of their origin , " Soares said . "  Therefore , linking art to recycling allows them to go to places that they have never been before and they end up having better acceptance because their creative work gives them a good visibility , " he added . Recycling attitudes Soares also sees the potential to promote the possibilities of recycling across the country . "  Art through recycling aims to arouse people 's consciousness to think about what trash is or is not , " Soares said . "  This new consciousness will help us to promote waste reduction . "  When people see a recycled art piece , for instance , on a woman 's neck they may begin to understand that it is not  just  trash , " he added . See also : Send us your favorite pictures of Brazil This is something that Ferreira strongly agrees with . He points to what he has learned since he began the ASMARE program two years ago as an example of how attitudes to trash can change . "  This experience has made me look at recycling in a different way , " he said . "  There are materials that I used to throw away that now I keep , because I can already envision making some nice piece with it later . I do n't see the material only as trash anymore . "	Catadores are waste collectors who pick through trash to source recyclable materials There are an estimated one million catadores across the country The ASMARE organization is transforming recyclable materials into works of art
CNN  -- A Dutch lawmaker 's film critical of Islam has been posted on a London-based Web site , though other Web sites and hosts have refused to air the film and the U.S. government has warned that it could spark protests and riots . Geert Wilders ' 15-minute film , "  Fitna , " Thursday was the top film posted on LiveLeak.com in both English and Dutch . In Arabic , its title means "  strife " or "  conflict " of the type that occurs within families or any other homogenous group . Wilders , a member of the Dutch parliament from the conservative Party for Freedom , has been outspoken in his criticism of Islam and his support of immigration restrictions . He says Islam and the Quran are a long-term threat to the Netherlands and the world , and that his film is a "  last warning . " "  It 's not a provocation , but the harsh reality and a political conclusion , " Wilders told reporters on Thursday . Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende rejected the film in a statement Thursday , saying , "  The film equates Islam with violence . We reject this interpretation . The vast majority of Muslims reject extremism and violence . In fact , the victims are often also Muslims . " The film opens with a controversial caricature of Islam 's prophet , Mohammed -- one of those that prompted demonstrations in early 2006 after newspapers published the images -- followed by translated portions of the Quran . The passages are followed by graphic images of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks against the United States juxtaposed with audio from 911 calls made by the victims trapped inside the World Trade Center in New York . The video includes disturbing images of other terror attacks ; bloodied victims ; beheadings of hostages ; executions of women in hijab , the traditional full-body attire ; and footage , with English subtitles , of Islamic leaders preaching inflammatory sermons against Jews and Christians . In one sequence , the film includes a series of newspaper headlines suggesting that Europe is under threat from Islamic beliefs and practices hostile to democracy , and that some Muslims want to create Islamic states in Europe . The film concludes with scrolling messages reading in part : "  The government insists that you respect Islam , but Islam has no respect for you " and "  In 1945 , Nazism was defeated in Europe . In 1989 , communism was defeated in Europe . Now the Islamic ideology has to be defeated . " Another film -- "  About Fitna , the Netherlands and Wilders " from Radio Netherlands Worldwide -- is posted on LiveLeak.com as a counterargument to "  Fitna . " It questions the lawmaker 's motives and criticizes the Dutch government for not reprimanding Wilders . LiveLeak issued a statement Thursday saying the site "  has a strict stance on remaining unbiased and allowing freedom of speech as so far as the law and our rules allow . " On the site , LiveLeak 's posting rules include a ban on illegal media , such as child pornography , and videos glorifying death with "  gory scenes with no explanation and/or set to music . " LiveLeak officials referred questions about posting "  Fitna " to a statement issued Monday that says , "  There was no legal reason to refuse Geert Wilders the right to post his film . " However , the statement adds , "  To many of us involved in LiveLeak.com , some of the messages therein are personally offensive . That being said , our being offended is no reason to deny Mr. Wilders the right to have his film seen . " Some in the Muslim community rejected the film as nothing more than dangerous anti-Islamic propaganda . "  This film is a direct attempt to incite violence from Muslims and help fan the flames of Islamophobia , " Arsalan Iftikhar , a contributor to Washington-based Islamica Magazine , told CNN on Thursday . "  Any reasonable person can see this is meant to spit in the face of Muslims and insult our religion . " However , he called on Muslim leaders to react peacefully : "  Calmer heads should prevail . " Iftikhar said he doubted the film would spark the same type of violence that followed the caricature of Mohammed , adding , "  We in the global community learned a lot from the Danish cartoon controversy ... I do n't think it will be anything remotely like that . " Balkenende said the Dutch government is aware of the concerns among Muslims about the film . "  We have recently spoken with many people at home and abroad to promote mutual understanding , " he said . "  We will continue to follow this course . " Wilders said he hopes that the film does not result in violence . But , "  should this happen , which I do n't hope , then it 's the people who use violence or threats who are responsible . " This week , a Web site promoting "  Fitna " was suspended by its host company after the firm received unspecified complaints about its content . "  This site has been suspended while Network Solutions is investigating whether the site 's content is in violation of the Network Solutions Acceptable Use Policy , " the company said in a posting on the Web site set up to promote the film . "  Network Solutions has received a number of complaints regarding this site that are under investigation . " The U.S. Department of Homeland Security and the FBI also warned this month that the release of Wilders ' film could spark protests and riots . Last month , Pakistan 's government blocked the popular video-sharing Web site YouTube because of a "  highly blasphemous " and "  anti-Quranic " video featuring Wilders , according to a government news release . The video was reportedly a trailer for his movie . E-mail to a friend	Britain-based LiveLeak.com posts "  Fitna , " a film by Geert Wilders Wilders , a member of the Dutch parliament , is outspoken in his criticism of Islam 15-minute film includes disturbing images of terror attacks 2nd film -- "  About Fitna , the Netherlands and Wilders " -- is a counterargument
CNN  -- Oracle Team USA 's improbable America 's Cup comeback gathered further momentum on Monday after a fifth straight win over challengers Emirates Team New Zealand . Emirates Team New Zealand have been one win away from clinching the Auld Mug since last Wednesday , but Oracle Team USA never looked like losing Monday 's race at San Francisco Bay . The New Zealanders still hold an 8-6 advantage over their American counterparts in the best-of-17 series . The Americans started their defense of the cup on minus two after being punished for illegally modifying their catamarans . In order to prevent defeat , Oracle Team USA need to win the final three races of the competition , starting with race 17 on Tuesday , with race 18 scheduled to take place the same day should it be required . "  We 've got a huge wave of momentum . The boat 's just going fantastic , " Oracle Team USA skipper Jimmy Spithill told the official America 's Cup website . "  That was a tough start , we had starboard entry and it was a tough time . " Emirates Team New Zealand skipper Dean Barker remains confident his team can win the series despite Oracle 's recent charge . "  We 're very upbeat here , we know we can win , " said Barker . "  The Oracle guys sailed a pretty flawless race . "  There were no opportunities to get back in it . We did a better job on the downwind legs staying close , but not enough today . "	Oracle Team USA win race 16 of America 's Cup Emirates Team New Zealand one race win away from lifting Auld Mug U.S. crew started the best-of-17 series on -2 after illegally modifying catamarans Races 17 and 18 in San Francisco scheduled for Tuesday
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani fighter jets pounded Taliban targets in the country 's northwestern region Tuesday , part of a wider military crackdown on militants inside its borders . A Pakistan army gunship flies over the troubled Dir region on Monday . The airstrikes killed between 70 and 75 militants in the Dir district and flushed out many more , military spokesman Gen. Athar Abbas told reporters . It is part of the Pakistani army 's intensified drive against the Taliban in its restive tribal regions . The Pakistani government has been criticized for not cracking down on militants along its border with Afghanistan . As a result , the U.S. military has carried out drone attacks against militant targets in Pakistan , rankling Pakistan . But Pakistan 's recent military crackdown has led to an exodus of civilians in the region . Between 15,000 and 30,000 residents have left the Dir district , which is less than 160 km  100 miles  northwest of the capital , Islamabad , according to an aid agency operating in the region . The Pakistani military on Tuesday completed its operation to eliminate and expel militants in Dir and is now focusing on the Buner district , Abbas said . About 300 militants entered Buner a few days ago in violation of the Taliban 's recent agreement to leave the district , he said . Buner is about 60 miles away from Islamabad , but Abbas said the militants posed no threat to the capital city . Fighter jets pounded targets in Buner and the Swat Valley in an effort to block the militants ' entry and exit points , he added . The general also released a recording of what he said was a conversation between a regional Taliban commander , Maulana Fazlullah , and some of his lieutenants . On the call , the purported Taliban leaders discuss how to stage an announced retreat from Buner last weekend while remaining in control of the territory . "  Those who will remain there will stay apart , so that the world gets to know that Taliban have left Buner , " one of the commanders says , according to the transcript . "  Not more than two Taliban should sit on a vehicle . Moulvi Sahib will lead . Other vehicles will follow . " Showing off for news organizations "  is all right , but we have to implement a permanent plan , " Fazlullah said . Pakistan 's government insists that its military crackdown has growing popular support for taking on the Taliban -- an issue that has divided the Pakistani people , particularly in the Pashtun areas . "  The government has been hesitant and divided in going after these guys , but public opinion -- judging by what I read in the Pakistani newspapers -- may be shifting , " analyst Michael Krepon told CNN . "  They have thought the Taliban is America 's war , " said Krepon , a co-founder of the Stimson Center , a Washington-based think tank . "  We led them to that conclusion with our drone attacks on Pakistani soil . " But he warned that a Pakistani military operation against what is sometimes perceived as "  going after its own people " will not be an easy task for the government . "  The military will go into the field and reclaim territory , but it 's not going to be pretty and it 's not going to be easy , " he said . Amnesty International 's Asia Pacific director Sam Zarifi told CNN he thinks the test for Pakistan 's government is not a military defeat over the Taliban , but "  whether the schools will once again open , whether the health units will once again operate  in Buner  . " He also warned that a Pakistani military operation could be worse than Taliban rule in Buner and other regions . "  What people are telling us over and over again from Buner , from Swat , and other areas , is that they 're very intimidated , very scared about life under the Taliban , " Zarifi said . "  But what really frightens them is the idea that the Pakistani military will launch operations . " He said that local residents have told Amnesty in recent months that Pakistani military operations have "  destroyed houses , destroyed markets , without in any way impacting the Taliban . " "  And that 's what really frightens people , " he said . "  We 've seen over 500,000 people are now registered as displaced from areas and most of those are people who are afraid of military operations . " CNN 's Samson Desta , Nic Robertson and Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistani military says operation completed against militants in Dir NEW : General releases recording of conversation he says is among Taliban leaders Pakistan criticized for not cracking down on militants along Afghan border
Trust the British to get it right -- in the end . When it comes to taking stock on London 2012 , I believe the London Games will be regarded as having brought the Olympics concept home . Britain has brought the Olympics back to what they have been and should always be . And we did it with that unique common sense for which my country is known . To be sure , the London Games were not as spectacular as , say Beijing . Nor did they have the exotic "  new world " quality of Sydney so wonderfully laced with Australian freshness . They have n't been the biggest , the brightest , the tallest , the largest , the  you add your own superlative here  . Instead , they have been what they were always meant to be -- a celebration of athletic prowess infused with a tremendous sense of fun and good spirit emanating from the host nation 's culture . Everything that has been bad about games in recent years was slowly , carefully addressed and ultimately dealt with in London . The opening ceremony set the tone . With its green fields and satanic mills , to the self-deprecating humor from the Monarch herself , London sent the not-so-subtle message : This was n't going to be "  Olympics as usual . " The Games ' big budgets Montreal finally finished off paying for the 1976 games 30 years later in November 2006 . Athens was twice over budget . And of course , we will never know how much the Beijing games truly cost . In London an original , fictional bid-budget of # 2.7 billion  $ 4.2 billion  was quickly abandoned in 2007 in favor of a realistic , # 9.3 billion  $ 14.6 billion  with a huge contingency for unforeseen costs such as security . To those who criticize the three-times bid-budget , there is one crucial fact to bear in mind . In 2008 , like other countries in recession , Britain embarked on stimulus spending . We were fortunate that we actually had real projects and purpose upon which to spend the cash , rather than the bridges and roads to nowhere of other countries . We did n't have to invent places to spend the money because the Olympics was waiting . If there was ever a time to have the Olympics , this was it -- when the expenditure was economically needed . In fact , the contingency money allocated has proved to be more than enough . A political row is about to break out over what to do with the # 300 million under-spend and whether it should just be handed back to the cash-strapped UK Treasury . My own view is some of it should be used for a tourism campaign next year to help bring those guests who stayed away fearing the crowds . The Olympic legacy Olympics today are all about legacy . It was the prospect of regenerating London 's derelict East End which helped win the games . Since then billions of pounds have been spent , not just on the facilities per se , but on the infrastructure around them . And in the city , those of us who live here and have suffered years of weekend closure of tube lines for "  scheduled maintenance " and "  replacing signals " can be in no doubt we will reap the benefits once everyone has gone home . We have a regenerated subway that is once again world-class . So when the IOC President Jacques Rogge said , "  London has created a legacy blueprint " and "  has raised the bar on how to deliver a lasting legacy , " we can neatly tick that one off as a rousing success from which other cities can learn . Organizational triumph From day one , Britain was determined not to have another Wembley fiasco , or Millennium Dome disaster , where it seemed every major construction project ended up delayed , over budget and in acrimony  incidentally the Dome is now the most successful concert venue in Europe as the O2 arena -- so there ! With the Olympics , we simply got on with it . The Aquatics Centre , designed by Zaha Hadid , was completed and tested a year before the games began . The Olympic Stadium had the lights switched on by the Prime Minister back in December and its final test was four months before the opening ceremony . In fact the IOC never did doubt everything would be ready . London has conclusively shown that by being more realistic in ambition , everything can be done without the heartache and angst of previous games . For the British people themselves , there has been a renewed pride in the country -- helped of course by record gold medals . I accept this might be a mile wide but an inch deep , but I can not recall the last time I have seen so many people proudly walking the streets with the Union Jack flag wrapped around their shoulders . The legacy of confidence means it is the challenge of politicians and civic leaders to foster that spirit so it does n't disappear along with the fleeting summer sun . Every time London has hosted the games it has done so in testing times . In 1908 London rescued the Olympics after Mount Vesuvius volcano erupted , causing the selected city of Rome to pull out . In 1948 London hosted the so-called "  Austerity Games " three years after the end of WWII . They were the first Olympics in 12 years . So re-establishing the Olympics is something of a tradition here . To this we now add 2012 , where I gently suggest London has subtly re-established the Olympic tradition by bringing back a dose of sanity . We have proved , firstly , that the Olympics are manageable , and affordable , if done right . We have proved they can be fun for everyone  even the people who live in the city  . London will probably never host the games again . I was proud to be in the stadium on Saturday night singing our national anthem after Mo Farah won his second gold medal . Just as I have been proud to be here , in my capital city , to see us get it right and leave a legacy for the city , the country and the games themselves .	Quest : Britain has brought the Olympics Games back a dose of sanity Though criticized , the # 9.3 billion cost was put to good use at a time of stimulus spending IOC President Jacques Rogge : "  London has created a legacy blueprint " Challenge for UK civic and political leaders : Harness Britain 's Olympic pride
CNN  Thump . The University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $ 81.6 million stadium for its hockey , basketball and volleyball teams . Thump . It 'll have luxury suites and everything . Thump . But it seems all anyone can talk about these days ... THUMP ... is the taco cannon . That 's right , we said taco cannon . An Omaha taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events . That the foil-wrapped eats will make to fans was made evident when Voodoo Tacos owner Eric Newton demonstrated the power of the cannon for CNN affiliate KETV . That they 'll make it undamaged ? Not so much . "  I would n't say it would be as restaurant quality when it gets to them , but it 's edible , " Newton said . With this latest technological development , the taco will join t-shirts , stuffed toys , balls , biscuits and the lowly hot dog in hurtling into the stands at public gatherings . UNO fans , um , ate the idea up , sending #tacocannon hurtling past #EarthDay as the No. 1 trending topic Wednesday in Omaha . "  How we roll in Omaha ... Frozen Four appearances and projectile tacos , " Twitter user mavpuck said , referring to the school 's recent , and sadly taco-less , appearance in the NCAA hockey tournament semifinals . "  This just might be the greatest invention . EVER , " thetoddbryant wrote on Twitter . The tacos will start flying this fall , when the school 's new arena is scheduled to open . But Voodoo Tacos has already scored , catching plenty of publicity months ahead of opening night . "  My partners laughed and me and said ` that 's dumb , ' " Newton told KETV . "  Now they 're emailing me and saying , ` About the best thing we 've ever bought . ' "	#tacocannon trends in Omaha as excited fans eat up the idea of flying tacos The cannon will shoot off tacos at University of Nebraska-Omaha 's new arena
CNN  -- It may seem counter intuitive . But sometimes you 've got to go backwards to go forwards . So it goes for arguably the world 's greatest race horse , who will attempt to extend her remarkable undefeated winning streak this weekend -- by running in the opposite direction . When Australian champion thoroughbred , Black Caviar , tries to rewrite the record books yet again in her 25th race at Sydney 's TJ Smith Stakes Day on Saturday , it will be in a clockwise direction -- as is the norm for the New South Wales state . But it will be a change of pace for the Melbourne mare , better used to racing in an anti-clockwise direction in her native Victoria . A strange Australian tradition means horses race either left or right , depending on which state they 're in -- clockwise for New South Wales and Queensland , and anti-clockwise for Victoria , South Australia , Tasmania and Western Australia . This will be just the fourth time the superstar six-year-old -- worth $ 7.5 million in prize money -- will have raced clockwise , and co-owner Colin Madden admitted it presented the biggest challenge to her undefeated winning streak . "  It does take time for her to settle in , running in the reverse direction , " Madden told CNN . "  So that 's our biggest concern . But I still ca n't see any horse catching her . " Since demolishing the field in her first major win at the Danehill Stakes in 2009 , an air of mystique has followed world champion thoroughbred . The wonder mare , who even has her own Twitter handle , has not just won all 24 of her races -- with the exception of Britain 's Royal Ascot she has won them by staggering margins , destroying world-class fields to become one of the top-rated race horses on the planet . Her unblemished record is the second highest of all time , trailing behind only Hungarian horse Kincsem , which apparently took 54 races in the late 1800s . Black Caviar 's remarkable career has elevated her to celebrity status in Australia , where she was named Sportswoman of the Year , graced the cover of Vogue , and launched a best-selling biography . And when she hits Randwick Racecourse on Saturday , there 's no doubt the nation will be cheering her on to what bookmakers are tipping will be her 25th consecutive win . "  They 've restructured the day so that the race runs after 5pm -- that way it will be shown on TV , " Madden said . "  Black Caviar is the feature of the day . But luckily she does n't know how much pressure is on her to win -- we 're the ones who feel it , not her . " The last time Black Caviar raced in a clockwise direction was at Britain 's Diamond Jubilee Stakes , winning by the narrowest of margins in a heart-stopping finish . It was later revealed she had muscle strain in her legs which would put her out of action for eight months . Britain , like Australia , holds races in both directions , while the U.S. opts for counter-clockwise competitions . Madden did n't rule out another trip to Ascot for the magnificent mare , saying plans for future races would depend on her performance on Saturday . Beyond the track , Black Caviar may also have a profitable career as a breeding mare , with Madden hinting champion British thoroughbred , Frankel , could be a good match . Frankel , who wrapped up his stellar career in the Champion Stakes at Ascot with an unblemished 14-win record , has now been put out to stud -- with big returns expected for owner Saudi Prince Khalid Abdullah . "  Frankel is definitely in the mix , " Madden said . "  He 's an extraordinary horse and it could be a wonderful match -- but nothing 's been decided and it 's something we 're still assessing . "	Can Australian race horse Black Caviar extend unblemished winning streak to 25 ? Will race in Sydney 's TJ Stakes this Saturday , in clockwise direction Will be only the fourth time Melbourne mare has run in clockwise direction Future career depends on performance , owners contemplate Britain 's Royal Ascot
Russia has failed to take steps to end the Ukraine conflict , President Barack Obama said Wednesday in announcing expanded sanctions targeting two banks , two energy companies , Ukraine separatists and defense companies . European Union leaders also said they intended to increase sanctions , signaling growing Western concern over Russia 's continued support for separatists battling the Ukrainian military in the country 's eastern region . "  We have to see concrete actions , and not just words that Russia in fact is committed to trying to end this conflict along the Russia-Ukraine border , " Obama told reporters at the White House . With the new sanctions , "  what we are expecting is that the Russian leadership will see once again that its actions in Ukraine have consequences , including a weakening economy , and increasing diplomatic isolation , " the President said . His Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , warned that the sanctions were harming ties between the two nations . "  They generally have a boomerang effect and , without a doubt , in this case , are driving the Russian-U.S. relations into a stalemate and seriously damaging them , " he said , according to a Kremlin transcript of his remarks to reporters on a visit to Brazil . "  I am certain that this is harmful to the U.S. Administration and American people 's long-term strategic national interests . " He accused the United States of pushing the Ukrainian authorities toward a continued conflict , whereas Russia wants to see an immediate end to hostilities and a negotiated solution involving all sides , he said . Ukrainian President : Peace depends on Putin 's mood The latest U.S. sanctions build on earlier steps by targeting two major Russian banks -- Gazprom Bank and VEB -- and two energy companies -- Novotek and Rosneft . They will not be able to get new medium - and long-term financing in the United States , senior administration officials told reporters in a conference call . In addition , the new sanctions freeze any U.S. assets and prohibit American business contacts for eight Russian arms companies that make weapons , including small arms , mortars and surface-to-air missiles . One of the eight is the Kalashnikov Concern , maker of the AK-47 and other arms . Also on the list : Four Russian government officials , including the minister of Crimean affairs , along with the self-styled Luhansk People 's Republic and Donetsk People 's Republic leading the separatist campaign in eastern Ukraine , and Aleksandr Borodai , the self-declared "  prime minister " of the Donetsk group . Targeting the separatist groups that simulate government structures prevents them from seeking financing , the senior administration officials noted . Earlier this year , the United States and Europe imposed a range of sanctions in response to Russia 's annexation of Crimea this spring and massing of troops along its eastern border with Ukraine . The earlier sanctions included asset freezes and travel bans . 19 Ukrainian troops killed in rocket attack , military says Russia and Ukraine have since been engaged in a tense standoff , including clashes between pro-Russian separatists and Ukrainian forces in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . "  I 've repeatedly made it clear that Russia must halt the flow of weapons and fighters across the border into Ukraine , that Russia must urge separatists to release their hostages and support a cease-fire , that Russia needs to pursue internationally-mediated talks , and agree to meaningful monitors on the border , " Obama said . Russia has failed to do any of those steps , he added . Ukraine 's government in Kiev has accused Russia of allowing weapons and military equipment , including tanks , to cross the border illegally into the hands of pro-Russian separatists . The senior administration officials who briefed reporters also leveled the same accusation . Meanwhile , the Pentagon said on Wednesday Russia now had 12,000 troops on the border with Ukraine , as well as some heavy weapons . The troop numbers had fallen to about 1,000 previously from a high of an estimated 40,000 forces earlier this year . Fast Facts : Ukraine	Vladimir Putin says U.S. sanctions are pushing Russia-U.S. relations into a stalemate President Barack Obama says Russia failed to take steps to end Ukraine conflict New sanctions target Russian banks , energy , defense firms , as well as Ukraine separatists The Pentagon says Russia has increased troops at Ukraine 's border
Rancho Palos Verdes , California  CNN  -- Motorola says it will produce the first smartphone manufactured in the United States . Called Moto X , the phone will be assembled at a 500,000-square-foot plant near Fort Worth , Texas , that will employ about 2,000 people . The majority of smartphones today are manufactured in Asia . The Moto X is scheduled to hit the market by the end of the year . It 's the first new phone to be designed entirely under the ownership of Google , which bought Motorola Mobility last year . Dennis Woodside , CEO of Motorola Mobility , announced the news Wednesday at the D11 tech conference being hosted by AllThingsD , the tech-news site . The phone is packed with new features that can anticipate users ' needs such as "  when to fire up the camera , " Woodside said . For example , sensors in the phone will let it know when it 's being pulled out of someone 's pocket , he said . The phone will also adjust its settings if it 's traveling at high speeds in a car , he said . "  The device will know , whether it 's on or off , it 's traveling at 60 miles per hour . It 's going to act differently so you can interact with it safely , " Woodside said . The phone is "  more contextually aware of what 's going on around it . It allows you to interact with it in very different ways than you can with other devices , " Woodside added . He did not show the device onstage during his talk , although he said he had it in his pocket . Woodside hinted that the Moto X would go on sale this fall and be priced below competing phones such as the IPhone 5 . He said that 70 % of the phone will be assembled at a Texas facility that once made Nokia phones , although some of its components will be built overseas . Motorola 's news follows similar announcements by Chinese computer maker Lenovo , which is building a manufacturing plant in North Carolina , and Apple , which has said it will begin manufacturing a Mac computer in the U.S. this year .	Motorola says it will make the first smartphone manufactured in the United States The Moto X will be produced at a 500,000-square-foot plant near Fort Worth , Texas The phone is scheduled to hit the market by the end of the year
CNN  -- Arturo Gatti , who was found dead in a Brazilian hotel room in suspicious circumstances , is revered by boxing fans for his trilogy of thrilling and brutal fights with Micky "  Irish " Ward . Arturo Gatti fought to the limit of his endurance in many epic bouts . The Italian-born Canadian captured world titles at super featherweight and junior welterweight during his 16-year-professional career and also fought and lost to legends Oscar De La Hoya and Floyd Mayweather Jr. in big money matches . But his 2002 and 2003 bouts with Ward will always be remembered , and two of them won the "  Fight of the Year " award given out by the prestigious Ring Magazine . The first two fights were over 10 rounds , with Gatti losing the first and gaining revenge in a classic second bout . The third and deciding fight took place in June 2003 , and Gatti broke his right hand in the fourth round . Almost unbelievably , he fought on and despite being floored in the sixth dominated the rest of the fight to win on a unanimous decision . Despite Gatti 's winning the WBC junior welterweight crown the following year by beating Gianluca Branco of Italy to the vacant title , his storied wins over Ward proved to be the high point of Gatti 's career . He made two successful defenses of the title against lightly-regarded opponents until running into Mayweather in June 2005 . It proved a big fight too many , as he was slowed by body shots and cut a sorry figure as he was stopped in the sixth round . Moving up to welterweight , Gatti won a warm-up fight before losing to Carlos Baldomir in a world title bout . His comeback fight , with old rival Micky Ward by then his trainer , also ended in defeat to Alfonso Gomez in July 2007 , and he promptly announced his retirement . It ended a 49-fight career with 31 knockout and nine defeats . His first world title had come with victory over Tracy Harris Patterson , the adopted son of heavyweight great Floyd Patterson , to claim the IBF super featherweight crown . As his fame spread and with countless nominations for Ring 's Fight of the Year , Gatti , nicknamed "  Thunder , " gained a large and devoted following among boxing fans . But his life outside the ring proved contentious and in March this year the Canadian Press reported that Gatti was charged with assaulting his then girlfriend Amanda Rodriguez and spent two nights in jail after failing to turn up for a court appearance . Gatti later married Rodriguez , and they have a one-year-old son . She has been arrested in connection with his death .	Arturo Gatti was one of the most popular fighters of his generation Italian-born Canadian fought epic trilogy of bouts with Micky Ward Gatti also won world titles at two different weights in 16-year pro career
CNN  -- President Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met Monday as more than 10,000 pro-Israel activists gathered in Washington for the annual American Israel Public Affairs Committee Policy Conference . But rather than focusing on the stalled Middle East peace process , their talks and subsequent media coverage have centered on the question of using military force to stop Iran 's nuclear program . The events in Washington took place just after 24 Christian , Jewish and Muslim prominent faith leaders from the United States and Indonesia returned from a mission to the Middle East . The joint delegation returned from the birthplace of the three great faiths of the Western world convinced that religion can be a force for unity and understanding instead of a source of division and conflict . Unfortunately , however , concerns about security and safety have made the Holy Land a region of walls that have all but eliminated any contact between Israelis and Palestinians today . In the six days the delegation visited the region , they got a sense of the fear that has led to the building of many kinds of walls . They saw much evidence of the distrust , intolerance and hatred that exists between the two sides of the conflict . But they also met faith leaders and civic activists of great vision and courage . Rabbi Michael Melchior , the founder of Mosaica Center for Inter-Religious Cooperation and a former member of the Israeli Cabinet , is working with Dr. Abdul Rahman Abbad , the secretary general of the Muslim Council of Religious Leaders in Palestine , to moderate the views of extremist religious leaders . The delegation met with leaders of Neve Shalom/Wahat al-Salam , which , for more than 40 years , has created a model community of Jewish-Palestinian coexistence , including a School for Peace that has trained thousands of youths and teachers to help create a humane , egalitarian and just society . And they met with leaders of Parents Circle/Bereaved Families Forum who have lost loved ones in the conflict but have turned their anger and loss into constructive work to advance peace . Although many of the American faith leaders in the delegation had some exposure to the Middle East , this was a new experience for our colleagues from Indonesia , which does not have diplomatic relations with Israel . For them , the trip was one of several thousand miles as well as one of cultural and historical assumptions . The Indonesian delegation that participated in our mission deserves credit for doing what so few leaders in the world do today : having the courage to cross a great divide with an open mind to better understand the "  other . " All delegates came to better understand the competing narratives that fuel the conflict in the region . For more than 60 years , a just solution to the Middle East conflict has eluded the greatest statesmen of our time . Perhaps it is time for a different strategy . Let 's call it an Abrahamic peace strategy . In the field of conflict resolution , mediators help disputing parties peel back layers of difference until they reach common ground on which both parties can agree . In the Middle East , that common ground is our common ancestor Abraham . Abraham did not build walls . He built wells to sustain all those around him with life-giving water . He did not exclude anyone from his home , opening all four flaps of his desert tent so that any wayfarer , coming from any direction , would feel welcome and share in his hospitality . That is why we are taught that the core character trait of anyone true to the Abrahamic tradition is compassion . No peace plan will ever work in the Middle East until there is a wholehearted commitment to get Christians , Jews and Muslims to recognize that the core values they share from Abraham transcend political ideologies , flags , national anthems and even geography . They must be educated in the same classrooms , join hands in launching social action projects to help the most vulnerable , visit each others ' places of worship and then visit each others ' homes to drink coffee and become friends . If we could promote projects that bring Israelis and Palestinians face to face , it would begin to plant the seeds for peace for future generations in a way far more enduring than the signing of a treaty by heads of state . Political strategies have failed . Let us try a new strategy , one that goes back to the faith of our common ancestor Abraham . Start with that , and peace will follow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	The stalled Middle East peace process is getting little public attention Interfaith delegation toured Mideast in search of answers The three major faiths in Mideast share tradition traced back to Abraham Peace could be built on Abraham 's core value of compassion for the stranger
Tampa , Florida  CNN  -- Democrats wasted no time on Tuesday trying to undercut Republicans as they began their convention , attacking a key GOP message before party luminaries took the spotlight in Tampa . Republicans aggressively pushed their convention theme , "  We Built It , " while Democrats sought to turn it back on Mitt Romney , who was affirmed as the nominee by a roll call of delegates in the first significant moments of the event . Republicans highlighted a remark by President Barack Obama , who said in July that public investment in infrastructure helps businesses grow . "  If you are successful , somebody along the line gave you some help . ... If you 've got a business , you did n't build that , " Obama said at the time . Ryan builds on Obama comment in Roanoke Republicans have seized on the comment to suggest that Obama is out of touch with small business owners and does not understand how the private sector works . Democrats , however , contend that their rivals are taking things out of context . "  So as Republicans continue to distort the president 's words and push their ` We built that ' theme in Tampa , " Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said from the "  war room " Democrats have set up in downtown Tampa near the convention site . "  It 's worth asking : What did -LSB- Mitt -RSB- Romney build ? " Villaraigosa , chair of next week 's Democratic convention in Charlotte , answered his own question - "  A bank account in Switzerland , investments in Bermuda and the Caymans , and an inexplicably large IRA . That 's what he built . " Democrats are trying to nail Romney with a one-two punch : casting him as wealthy and privileged and saying that his policies would hurt the middle class . "  A stronger , growing middle class means a stronger , growing American economy , " Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley said , "  And that 's really what this election is all about . " "  On a national scale , Romney economics would spell disaster for America 's middle class , would be wrong for America 's middle class , would not grow our middle class . And , in fact , would harm our middle class , " O'Malley added . On Romney 's tenure at the top of Boston private equity firm Bain Capital , O'Malley said the Republican 's goal when investing in troubled companies was not creating jobs . Instead , O'Malley suggested that the firm under Romney destroyed businesses and jobs in order to generate profit for investors . "  In this economy , there are shipbuilders and there are ship-wreckers , " O'Malley said . "  There are those who manufacture automobiles and there are those who scrap automobiles . There are those who build up and create things and there are those who make a quick profit by dismantling things . " The Romney campaign quickly fired back . In an email , Romney spokesman Ryan Williams accused Democrats of launching "  false and baseless attacks " against the former Massachusetts governor whose tenure at the firm prior to his public life made him wealthy . "  The facts speak for themselves , " Williams said , "  with 23 million Americans struggling for work , nearly one in six Americans living in poverty , and median incomes declining , the Obama campaign can not defend a record of broken promises and failed policies . Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan have a plan to strengthen the middle class by creating jobs and turning around our economy . " Asked at the event about recent polling indicating the public views Romney stronger on handling the economy , Obama senior adviser Robert Gibbs countered . Gibbs pointed to other recent polling data suggesting the public is more partial to Obama on the questions of who cares about people and who cares about the middle class . "  I think those polls demonstrate overwhelmingly that the president is their pick , " Gibbs said . CNN Poll : Which candidate cares more about you ? CNN Poll : Which candidate is better on the issues ? The event was the latest salvo in an escalating pace of aggressive campaigning , rhetoric , and attacks on the part of both presidential campaigns . In a break from tradition , the president is out campaigning this week while Republicans hold their nominating convention . Speaking in Iowa Tuesday , Obama said he expects the event to be a "  pretty entertaining show . " Obama renews push with young voters "  I 'm sure they 'll , you know , have some wonderful things to say about me , " he joked . CNN White House Producer Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	Obama campaign and Democratic National Committee are in Tampa getting their message out L.A. mayor : "  It 's worth asking : What did Romney build ? " Maryland governor : "  Romney economics would spell disaster for America 's middle class " Romney camp fires back : Obama "  can not defend a record of broken promises and failed policies "
It 's Taylor Swift to the rescue . The superstar singer 's "  1989 " album is forecast to sell more than 1.3 million copies through November 2 , according to The Hollywood Reporter . That would break both the one-week sales record for an album by a female artist , set by the debut of Britney Spears ' "  Oops ! ... I Did It Again " in 2000 , and the weekly sales record for any album since 2002 , when Eminem 's "  The Eminem Show " sold 1.322 million during its first full week . The new records would help redeem what 's been a rough year for the music industry , which has not seen a single artist go platinum in 2014 , despite offerings that generated tons of buzz , including Beyonce 's secret album and Lorde 's "  Pure Heroine . " Platinum albums ? Not this year If Swift pulls it off , it will also be her third consecutive album to sell more than a million copies in the first week . Taylor Swift pulls her music from Spotify The singer started sowing the seeds for the album 's success well before it dropped October 27 . She told NPR that a few months ago , she embarked on the "  1989 Secret Sessions , " in which she "  spent months picking fans on Instagram , Tumblr , Twitter -- people who had been so supportive and had tried and tried to meet me , had been to five shows or however many events but had never met me before . " Those fans were invited to listening parties at her various homes and encouraged to talk about their experiences but asked to not leak specifics , including lyrics . They abided by the rules , she said . "  They did n't talk about lyrics . They did n't spoil the secret for other fans , " Swift said . "  Two days before the album came out , it leaked online , and it was the first time I 've ever had an album leak without it trending on Twitter -- because my fans protected it . "	Swift 's latest album is expected to go platinum in its first week It would break two records if it does so It would be her third consecutive album to sell a million copies the first week
CNN  Before the virus ravaged West Africa , before the deaths soared into the thousands , before the outbreak triggered global fears , Ebola struck a toddler named Emile Ouamouno . Virtually no one knew the 2-year-old by name . Now the world knows him as patient zero . Researchers from The New England Journal of Medicine say they believe Emile was the first person to contract the disease in the current outbreak almost a year ago . It 's not clear exactly how the boy , who lived in a rainforest village in southern Guinea , got infected . Ebola can be spread from animals to humans through infected fluids or tissue . "  In Africa , infection has been documented through the handling of infected chimpanzees , gorillas , fruit bats , monkeys , forest antelope and porcupines , " according to the World Health Organization . Get up to speed In December , Emile had a fever , black stool and started vomiting . Four days later , on December 6 , he was dead . Within a month , so were his young sister , his mother and his grandmother . The mother suffered bleeding symptoms and died on December 13 . Then , the toddler 's 3-year-old sister died on December 29 , with symptoms including fever , vomiting and black diarrhea . The grandmother passed away on January 1 . Emile 's father is left with only fond memories from when before Ebola ripped apart his life . "  Before my children Emile and Philomne died , they loved to play with a ball . My wife liked to carry the baby on her back , " Etienne Ouamouno told UNICEF , the U.N. children 's agency . The family lived in the village of Meliandou , where goats and chickens roam around simple brown huts . The village sits close to Guinea 's borders with Sierra Leone and Liberia . It did n't take long for Ebola to spread like wildfire . Like dominoes The illness spread outside their village after several people attended the grandmother 's funeral . A midwife passed the disease to relatives in another village , and to a health care worker treating her , according to The New England Journal of Medicine . That health care worker was treated at a hospital in Macenta , about 80 kilometers  50 miles  east . A doctor who treated her contracted Ebola . The doctor then passed it to his brothers in Kissidougou , 133 kilometers  83 miles  away . All of them died . And now , the death toll has skyrocketed to almost 5,000 worldwide , including one in the United States . The hardest hit , however , are Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia . Lingering effects In the four months after Emile 's death , Meliandou buried 14 residents . The village is now free of Ebola , but the lingering effects there and elsewhere will last for years . The disease has turned the social fabric on its head . Extended family usually takes orphans in , but fear has broken the chain . "  We noticed that with this crisis , which is almost a humanitarian catastrophe , people flee their villages and abandon their families and their children , " said Fassou Isidor Lama , a UNICEF child protection officer . "  They reject the infected children and the other infected family members . " Complete coverage of Ebola Then there 's the financial toll . In Meliandou , many of the villagers earned their livelihood selling rice , corn or bananas to nearby towns and cities . "  Nobody wants to buy our products , " Amadou Kamano , the village chief , told UNICEF . Residents , out of fear , also burned their mattresses and other possessions . "  People burned everything , " Kamano said . "  Now we are even poorer than we were before . " CNN 's Madison Park and Lynda Kinkade contributed to this report .	Researchers believe 2-year-old Emile Ouamouno was patient zero The boy lived in the southern Guinea village of Meliandou Several of his family members also died , but his father survived
CNN  A Delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure , federal officials say -- during a trip to the U.S. Virgin Islands . Steve Esmond , his teenage sons and the teens ' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. John , where they were renting a villa at the Sirenusa resort . The family has confidence in their medical professionals and is hopeful for a full recovery , according to a statement released Monday from the family 's attorney , James Maron . The teens ' mother , Theresa Devine , was treated at a hospital and released , and is in occupational therapy , Maron said . The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Friday that the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in St. John may have caused the illnesses , which were reported to the EPA on March 20 . Paramedics were called to the villa , which the family was renting . Esmond was found unconscious ; the boys and their mother were having seizures , Maron said . The lawyer did not say who called the paramedics . Elias Rodriguez , an EPA spokesman , said the agency 's preliminary test results "  do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying . " Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects , including central nervous system and respiratory system damage , according to the EPA . The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity . It 's not allowed to be used indoors . Only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings . For example , the pesticide is injected into the soil of some U.S. strawberry fields , said Judith Enck , an EPA regional administrator . "  We trust that the strawberry producers are making sure that there 's not excess pesticide residue on strawberries , " Enck said . "  You definitely want to wash them really good . "  This is a pesticide that 's been around for a long time , and ironically because of its impact and damage to the ozone layer , it 's being phased out because of the air impacts of this fumigant , " Enck added . Field workers at a Connecticut nursery were poisoned by the chemical in 1990 , according to the Journal of Industrial Medicine . In 2011 , warehouse workers in California fell ill after exposed to grapes imported from Chile fumigated with methyl bromide , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , said many parts of the world banned the chemical , a neurotoxin . The agent is to be used only outdoors . The chemical is also odorless and colorless , Gupta said . "  It 's not something that you would have any warning of , " Gupta said . The chemical is often mixed with tear gas so people can be aware of its presence , he added . The EPA said it is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on March 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated . Enck , the EPA regional administrator , said paramedics were called early on March 20 . Sea Glass Vacations , which acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa , said the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests , but that the family 's unit was not treated . The company said it licensed an outside company , Terminix , for the pest control services . On Monday , it ended its contract with Terminix . In an email to CNN before the termination , a spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is "  committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers , employees , the public and the environment " and is "  looking into this matter internally , and cooperating with authorities . " The U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation . "  Many questions remain why an odorless pesticide of this level of toxicity could be manufactured , distributed and applied in a residential area resulting in this family 's injuries , " Maron said . The attorney added : "  The family is confident that the responsible parties will be brought to justice and held accountable . " CNN 's Rob Frehse , Jean Casarez , Sara Ganim , Jason Hanna , Laura Ly and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Chemical damages ozone and is being phased out , though it 's used in strawberry fields , EPA says A Delaware family becomes ill at a resort in the U.S. Virgin Islands Preliminary EPA results find methyl bromide was present in the unit where they stayed
CNN  -- A photo posted online Monday shows George Zimmerman with blood on his nose and lips . His attorneys say it was taken the night unarmed teen Trayvon Martin was killed in Sanford , Florida . Zimmerman says he shot Martin in self-defense . Martin 's attorneys say he was shot and killed "  in cold blood . " Prosecutors have charged Zimmerman with second-degree murder for the February 26 killing . The picture , posted Monday on Zimmerman 's defense website , was taken by a police officer , Zimmerman 's attorneys wrote . The state had previously provided a black-and-white copy of the image , the attorneys wrote on the website . "  This high resolution digital file was finally provided to the defense on October 29 . " A police report from the night of the incident said Zimmerman was "  bleeding from the nose and back of his head . " The 28-year-old volunteer neighborhood watchman was driving through his gated community when the incident occurred . Martin was walking through the neighborhood to his father 's girlfriend 's house . Zimmerman has claimed that after the two exchanged words , Martin charged at him , knocked him to the ground and banged his head repeatedly against a concrete sidewalk . Martin 's family says Zimmerman attacked the teen , who had done nothing wrong . Martin 's death sparked nationwide protests and inflamed public passions over race relations and gun control , as well as Florida 's controversial "  stand your ground " law , which allows the use of deadly force when a person perceives a threat to safety . In August , a new judge was named to oversee the case , after an appeals court agreed to a request from Zimmerman 's defense team . The attorneys had argued the previous judge had made remarks putting Zimmerman in reasonable fear of an unfair trial . Judge rules George Zimmerman 's team can review slain teen 's records	The photo shows Zimmerman apparently bleeding on the night of Martin 's killing Prosecutors previously provided a black-and-white copy , Zimmerman 's defense says Zimmerman claims he killed Trayvon Martin in self-defense Martin 's defense team says he was killed "  in cold blood "
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North and South Korean officials started talks Saturday on reopening the Kaesong industrial complex , a suspended joint factory that marked a symbol of cooperation between the two rivals . Each side sent a delegation of three members to Tongilgak , the South Korean Unification Ministry said . The administrative building is on the North Korean side of the neutral border village of Panmunjom . Kaesong , which is a bellwether of the two rivals ' ties , was closed this spring -- a casualty of increasing tensions between the two sides . The agreement to hold talks came after North Korea conceded a demand by the South that contact between the two governments should precede visits to plants in the complex by business people , South Korea 's Yonhap News Agency reported . Timeline : North Korea 's war of words escalates Pyongyang had originally invited business people from South Korean companies to return to the zone to check on their facilities and equipment . The talks "  were in consideration of the damages to the companies operating in Kaesong after three months of suspension and the beginning of monsoon season , " said Kim Hyung-suk , a spokesman for the South Korea 's Unification Ministry . "  The Kaesong issue can only be resolved through dialogue by government authorities . " The operation was completely shut down in May when the last remaining South Korean workers left the facilities , but work had been winding down for about a month amid heightened tensions . In April , North Korea restricted South Korean workers ' access to the zone . Workers had to leave when supplies such as food , water and raw materials were cut off . The North-South tensions seemed to be easing somewhat after Pyongyang agreed to high-level talks with the South in June . Those talks were called off at the eleventh hour after disagreements over the level of the delegates who would represent each side . On Wednesday , North Korea also restored the Panmunjom communication hotline with the South , which had been cut off repeatedly over the past four months . "  North Korea is probably feeling an unprecedented level of diplomatic isolation with pressures coming from the international community . It is also fully aware of the value of the Kaesong industrial complex , which provides a considerable amount of hard foreign currency , " said Kim Tae-woo , former president of the Korea Institute for National Unification . "  But stirring tensions , then going back to dialogue , is part of North Korea 's usual tactics . We do n't need to attach too much weight to this easing of tension , " he added . North Korea already had barred South Korean workers from entering the complex before May . In 2008 , access was restricted after a human rights group distributed propaganda leaflets via balloon into North Korea . South Korean workers were blocked again in 2009 during an annual U.S.-South Korean military drill . Some $ 2 billion worth of goods have been produced in Kaesong between initial operations in 2005 and the end of 2012 , according to the South Korean Unification Ministry . The average wage for North Korean workers in Kaesong Industrial Complex is $ 134 per month , according to the South Korean ministry . North Korean authorities take about 45 % of their wages for various taxes . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Talks are held on the North Korean side of a neutral border village The joint industrial complex at Kaesong closed in May amid increasing tensions Some $ 2 billion worth of goods have been produced in Kaesong since operations began in 2005
CNN  -- Why do food and murder go so well together ? Perhaps because it presents a delicious paradox , a combination of comforting and disturbing elements that tease the imagination and palate simultaneously . "  Murder is the deprivation of life , " culinary mystery author Diane Mott Davidson said . "  Talking about food is life-affirming . When I read the Spenser novels by Robert B. Parker , I noticed that when Spenser was thinking about a case , he would often prepare a meal . Cooking provided a way for him to reflect on the case . " Davidson can relate to cooking as therapy that fuels for the writing process . When planning out the plots for her Goldy Schulz catering mysteries , Davidson finds relaxation in her kitchen , simultaneously coming up with recipes to include in the books . "  Food is a very powerful mnemonic , " culinary mystery author Katherine Hall Page said . "  We remember what we eat from childhood , and we have a very positive association with food . Then you pair it with crime , and it provides a twist . You have the comfort of food , then , what 's going on here ? It gives an element of surprise , of suspense . Poison only further complicates , of course . " For Denise Swanson , author of the Scumble River mysteries , food is the comfort-aspect in her books . Readers eager to try "  cozy mysteries , " rather than thriller or suspense novels , psychologically take comfort in the inclusion of food . "  While we 're writing about murder , we 're really writing about everyday life , " Swanson said . "  Murder is something extraordinary that happens in the everyday lives of our characters . Our sleuths are in the midst of what they always do . " Half-Italian and half-Swedish , Swanson took inspiration from where she grew up . "  Food plays such a big part in small-town life , " Swanson said . "  Where else but the Midwest are you served a Jell-O salad with crushed pretzels and strawberries ? I keep a tradition of trying to include family recipes that match the flavor of the book . " Food is already a basis for relationships in society , a way of connecting to one another or identifying personality traits based on what we eat , Swanson said . Toss in a whodunit murder , and people ca n't help but be intrigued . Regional dishes and flavors also add a twist by either reconnecting readers with their childhood favorites or introducing them to new food cultures . Culinary mysteries combine all the right ingredients for a sumptuous puzzle : quirky amateur sleuths , elements of danger and a fabulous array of food set in locations with a cast of colorful characters . These authors of "  traditional " and "  cozy " mysteries know that including food also works to reassure readers . Justice will win out in the end , Page said . "  I 'm not going to leave you with a bleak view of the universe , and there 's good food along the way . " Authors are inspired to write culinary mysteries because they already enjoy cooking . "  The elements of writing crime are like a recipe , " Page said . "  You have all the ingredients , or clues , and then follow step-by-step how to put them together . You stick it in the oven , which is the mystery , and then out comes a cake , or your resolution . " Whether on vacation or needing to unwind from a hectic workday , many women know they can pick up a culinary mystery and lose themselves in the comfort or even sensuality of when food and murder come together . They witness glimpses of their own lives while partaking of the extraordinary . "  The overwhelming majority of mystery readers are women , " said Natalee Rosenstein , a senior executive editor of the Penguin publishing group . "  They see their own lives reflected in these characters . They 're baking cookies for their kids or church benefits and reading about people that do the same thing , so they get that sense of identification . " Readers may be comforted by the food while reading about unacceptable violence . "  It 's an interesting combination , death , food and murder , " Dr. Susan Kavaler-Adler , a clinical psychologist and psychoanalyst specializing in mourning , said . "  Loss is not that simple , it involves a lot of issues about aggression . Comfort food can momentarily take away feelings that are frightening or have aggression in them . " "  When it is on a visceral level , that 's when something like a rich food can alleviate the toxicity of that feeling , but it 's only a temporary fix . It sounds like these  culinary mysteries  are using food to counteract something about the fears of rage that are expressed as actual murder . " Many writers who mix their murders with a good meal cite the well-fed character in the Nero Wolfe mystery books that later became TV series . A Wolfe fan , Page published her first culinary mystery in 1989 . The food in this genre of mystery sets each series apart : Cheese , bakeshop , pizza , tea and White House chef mysteries . "  I think what 's new are the types that tickle people 's imaginations , " Rosenstein said . "  People are reading for entertainment , and while they do , they have a nice plate of cookies and an iced tea by their side . " What comes first , the perfect crime or the perfect recipe ? Like Davidson , Page and Swanson , Livia Washburn , author of the Fresh Baked series , develops her recipes while she 's working on each book , constantly tweaking until the last minute so they turn out just so , she said . Like her sleuth working through a puzzle , recipe tweaking is trial and error . "  Trying to solve a murder is much like trying to come up with a good recipe , " Washburn said . "  You have to try a little of this , a little of that , and see how it all comes together . " The inclusion of recipes in the backs of books also became a popular aspect for readers . In the beginning , Page did n't include them , but when readers began requesting recipes by mail , Page knew it was time to share them with everyone . But for the amount of time these novels have been popular , why the sudden boom ? "  Culinary mysteries are here to stay , " Rosenstein said . "  It 's taken a long time for women mystery writers and cozy mystery writers to get the respect of the mystery genre community . They kind of forced their way in the door , so it became hard to ignore . " Page , also author of "  Have Faith in Your Kitchen , " a collection of recipes based on those in her Faith Fairchild series , uses a quote from a Frenchman in the late 1800s at the beginning of her cookbook to describe the relationship between murder and food . " ` Bad taste leads to crime , ' " Page quoted . "  It 's a wonderful encapsulation of how the two go together . "	Culinary murder mysteries have been popular since the days of Nero Wolfe novels Cooking inspires some plots while writers work out recipes Psychologist : Comfort foods help ease feelings of fear or aggression Recipes included in the backs of books are also a popular feature of culinary mysteries
CNN  Almost two years since the Tsarnaev brothers allegedly placed two bombs at the Boston Marathon finish line , turning the city 's beloved Patriot 's Day race into a war zone , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is finally going on trial . By the time the brothers were captured  one dead , one alive  , they were accused of having killed four people , blown the limbs off another 16 and injured more than 260 . But while I have heard many say they wish the authorities had simply added the younger Tsarnaev brother to the list of the deceased while they had the chance , that did n't happen . So now we find ourselves facing down a trial . Tsarnaev will be convicted  after all , the prosecution has , according to The New York Times , lined up 590 law enforcement witnesses , 142 civilians and more than 1,000 exhibits , including images of him placing his backpack -- believed to have contained a bomb -- near an 8-year-old killed by the explosion  . But it is unclear what the punishment will be . That raises what is perhaps the key question of the case : Should we kill Tsarnaev ? And the answer , despite the abhorrent nature of the crime , is simple : No , we should not . We are better than that . The fact is that the death penalty is n't justice , it 's revenge . And in seeking it out , we would be engaging in something Tsarnaev is alleged to have sought in the name of Muslims killed in Iraq and Afghanistan .  He made his motive clear when he scrawled "  Stop killing our innocent people and we will stop " as he hid from police in a boat .  Indeed , the death penalty is nothing more than institutionalized revenge . And while seeking revenge makes for great action movies , in real life it lowers our own standards . And we have set our standards very high in Massachusetts , including having abolished the death penalty three decades ago . In fact , no one has been executed in Massachusetts for 67 years . It goes without saying that this is a deeply painful time for family and friends who lost loved ones that day , but research does suggest that executions do not give victims ' families closure . Getting revenge wo n't bring back the lives that were lost , and state-sanctioned killing is not how we do things here . And it is n't how we want things done , either . In a Boston Globe poll in September 2013 , for example , only a third favored the death penalty over life without parole for Tsarnaev . I 've been disappointed that our leading politicians -- Elizabeth Warren , the Democratic senator from Massachusetts , and our new mayor , Marty Walsh , both opponents of the death penalty -- have failed to speak out clearly against the federal government for seeking the death penalty in this case . Indeed , even though Attorney General Eric Holder is personally against the death penalty , he authorized it in this case , and plea deals to avoid the death penalty have so far failed . I guess it 's easier to be outspoken against the death penalty when you 're not defending an alleged terrorist , but instead pointing out the alarming number of death row prisoners who have been wrongly convicted . Or that according to some , it costs 10 times more to try to execute someone than put them in jail for life . Or that it does n't actually appear to deter crime . Or that the Eighth Amendment prohibits cruel and unusual punishment and the Supreme Court has already ruled against the death penalty in cases against the mentally ill or minors . And with that in mind , it 's important to remember in this case that the defense will not be eyeing an acquittal , rather a sentence that spares Tsarnaev 's life . To make this case , the defense attorneys will no doubt delve deep into his personal history , the evidence that his older brother , Tamerlan , was the mastermind , and that Dzhokhar was under his brother 's spell . Perhaps most importantly , it should be remembered that in defending Tsarnaev , they are not endorsing him , but instead are endorsing our collective humanity and our Constitution , fighting for even the worst among us to be afforded its consideration and its protection . My husband and I have lived in the Boston area for 18 years , we have run many marathons , and like so many folks , we had friends who were injured when those bombs when off . What struck us so profoundly about the attack , though , was not the destruction and devastation , but our response . Our response was profound and full of courage . First responders went running toward the blast areas to help . Runners , many of whom were doctors or veterans who had just finished running 26.2 miles , carried the injured to safety or ran to emergency rooms to help tend to the wounded . It 's that kind of resolve that defined the day , not the attack itself . Greater Boston , an area of millions , became a community of one : a "  Boston Strong " community . And after the bombings , we took our kids to the makeshift memorial at Copley Square , we donated to the One Fund , we cried as we watched the interfaith memorial service held just days after the blast . A year later , we joined millions of people along the race course and cheered on the 36,000 runners who ran one year after the bombing . Running the race again was a way to reclaim both the day and the finish line . Like marathoners , the survivors have pushed ahead one step at a time , and in their own ways : starting foundations , getting married , and learning to dance and run again . And this is what we should keep doing -- moving forward , leaving the attackers in the dust , forgotten in a cell somewhere to live with what has been done . Revenge is by its very nature a backward-looking emotion . If we are to truly leave that atrocious act behind us , we should therefore shun it , and instead keep putting our best foot forward , looking to our future , not behind us . If we do that , we will be the stronger ones -- Boston Strong .	Mel Robbins : Death penalty is n't justice , it 's revenge Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should n't be put to death , she says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The court battle may finally be over , but there is still a great mystery hanging over the next America 's Cup event : What will the holders use to defend the trophy ? America 's Cup team Oracle has trialed a trimaran which it revealed in September 2008 Established in 1851 , the America 's Cup is the oldest active trophy of any sport and by far the most prestigious match race sailing event in the world . Scheduled for February 2010 , the 33rd edition of the America 's Cup will be contested by the holders -- Swiss syndicate Alinghi , and U.S. challenger Oracle , owned by Larry Ellison . The date follows protracted court battles which saw both teams fighting over the terms of the next event . Last month 's New York Supreme Court ruling which finally decided the terms and date of the regatta also announced that the contest is to be decided in a one-off series in multihull boats . While Oracle revealed a 90 ft trimaran last year , defenders Alinghi are still building their boat for the event -- and they are refusing to give away any secrets about it . CNN 's MainSail show visited the Alinghi base in Switzerland to try to catch a glimpse of the mystery vessel -- but they came no closer to seeing the boat under construction . MainSail presenter Shirley Robertson only got as far as the compound gates in her quest to see the vessel . Watch video of CNN visiting the Alinghi team base " The team 's design co-coordinator , Grant Simms , told CNN that the design would not be revealed until the latest possible point . "  It 's quite unusual and we are trying to keep it a secret as long as we can . "  We are hoping to stop our opponents from seeing it and reacting to it , " he said . The design of the boat is generally a crucial part of any America 's Cup regatta -- and none more so than this one , where a different type of boat is being introduced . Also , the size and shape of the boat could indicate where the regatta may be held -- something that does n't need to be announced by defenders Alinghi until six months before it is set to begin . The cup holders can set the terms of the next defense , in conjunction with the "  challenger of record " -- whichever team signs up as the first challenger . This is important as different locations can have a wide variety of wind strengths and sea swells , which can suit varying sizes of boat and types of sail . You can watch this month 's MainSail show in full on CNN International or on the MainSail Web site from Thursday 18th June .	Next America 's Cup to be decided between Alinghi and Oracle in February Regatta will be contested in multi-hull boats -- trimarans or catamarans U.S. team Oracle revealed its design of a 90 ft boat last year CNN 's MainSail tries to get a sneak preview of the as yet unseen Alinghi boat
CNN  -- It 's become an increasingly precious jewel in the ATP 's financial crown , attracting big crowds and treating the leading players like rock stars since its move to London four years ago . This week 's World Tour Finals not only showcases the top 16 singles and doubles competitors , it also highlights the benefits the men 's tennis showpiece can bring to a city . The question now is , can the UK capital continue its love affair with the tournament -- or will it continue its nomadic past ? Before London was granted an extension to stage it until 2015 , New York and Rio de Janeiro were other cities rumored to be in the running . The Big Apple , like London , is one of the globe 's major metropolises and home to one of tennis ' four grand slams . It hosted the ATP tournament in the late '70s and '80s in the heyday of Madison Square Garden . Brazil , meanwhile , is an emerging market that in the next three years will host soccer 's World Cup , the Summer Olympics and a medium-sized tennis event in Rio . However , moving the event elsewhere would be a "  gamble , " according to the former head of the ATP 's commercial division , while Roger Federer -- whose record six finals wins are spread across London , Houston and Shanghai -- would have no issue with a further continuation . Tournament director Andre Silva says staying in Britain past 2015 is "  definitely " a possibility . Unlike soccer 's ruling body FIFA , which aims to take the World Cup to pastures new , the ATP 's goal is n't to be "  evangelistic " about tennis -- and London , with its packed crowds , has been a boon financially for the men 's game . "  My personality is n't much for a change , " Silva , a Brazilian , told CNN . "  This is a different animal to the World Cup in that it 's year to year , and you do want to expose fans around the world to this type of tennis . "  But the tournament is a very important part of the business of the ATP . More important than exposing everyone around the world to it is making sure it 's healthy and not an experiment . "  I know a lot of people talked about Rio and New York . It 's obviously great to be wanted . At the same time you need to be sure it makes sense -- and right now London makes a lot of sense . " Federer , who lost to Novak Djokovic in last year 's final , shared Silva 's view . "  I must agree with Andre in many ways because I think it 's important that this event is played in a place that knows tennis , " Federer told CNN . "  I think it 's good sometimes to play Shanghai , or maybe Lisbon or Sydney for a year , but I think it 's not long enough in one place to put its roots down . " Lisbon welcomed the world 's top players in 2000 and Sydney did the same in 2001 in another one-year stint . "  It 's like a circus , " said Federer , who will this week tie Ivan Lendl 's record of 12 successive appearances at the season-ending event . "  You come , the tent is there but it 's temporary and you move it away again . So here the roots are down , it 's successful and that 's why if the business makes sense , if the numbers make sense , if the excitement of everybody involved makes sense , I think we should keep it here . "  Other options would have to be considered but it would have to be a great other option . " Richard Davies , the CEO of ATP Properties before leaving his post at the end of 2010 , said London was "  twice as successful " in monetary value for the ruling body than other host cities . Unlike when the season finale was showcased in Shanghai as the Masters Cup , the World Tour Finals are operated as a joint venture between the ATP and London 's O2 venue owner AEG . All operating costs and revenues feed into the joint venture . The Shanghai promoters paid the ATP for the right to run the tournament , and the purchasing fee -- believed to work out to about $ 10 million per year -- was all the latter received from the event . "  If there 's no tennis fatigue at the O2 and it 's still selling out , I think you have to ask yourself , ` What 's the upside to move it elsewhere ? ' " said Davies . "  At the ATP Tour , it 's not their responsibility to be evangelistic about tennis . "  London is a great city and that helps corporately . You 'd have to take a long , hard look to say , ` We 're going to move it . ' It 's very profitable and to get a tennis-loving nation behind it in any other country at that time of the year will be a gamble . " The success of the tournament has had a knock-on effect on sponsorship , according to both Davies and Silva . Some companies get involved with the World Tour Finals and then decide to increase their affiliation with the tour throughout the year . More than one million fans have walked through the turnstiles in the four editions , helped by a capacity of 17,800 that makes the O2 arena the second-largest regularly used tennis venue behind New York 's Arthur Ashe Stadium . Operating two sessions -- day and evening -- pads the coffers . Tickets to watch a single round-robin match range from  # 10-62  $ 16-98  , while seats for the final are  # 30-105  $ 48-167  . "  People want to be part of the event , " said Silva . "  They see how successful it is . They see the tour operates in a very successful way throughout the year and end up becoming global partners . " Come the conclusion of 2015 , London 's term will hit seven consecutive seasons , a run only bettered by New York , which had an unbroken spell from 1977-1989 . With tennis a younger sport in China , crowds for opening matches disappointed , the time zone presented problems for broadcasters and viewers in Europe -- tennis ' biggest market -- while players faced the long trip to Asia following the European indoor swing . London lacks those issues , though players have complained about Britain 's tax laws -- which restrict the number of days they can be in the country before being rated on their overall income . The O2 is "  one of the best venues ever " according to veteran doubles specialist Leander Paes , this week teaming up with Radek Stepanek . "  Playing in there , the acoustics are phenomenal , " Paes , who turned pro in 1991 , told CNN . "  The crispness of it makes the quality of tennis so high . " Pondering the achievement of the event in London , Davies spared a thought for former ATP head Etienne de Villiers . De Villiers was criticized for implementing a round-robin format at smaller tournaments , and the ATP was taken to court during his 2005-08 tenure for attempting to strip a German event of Masters status . But De Villiers spearheaded the shift to London from Shanghai in 2009 . "  People have short memories , " said Davies . "  It was a very bold move . The O2 was n't an established venue and it had a slight miasma about it . "  To back ourselves and say we know we can build an event here , find sponsors and fill it with an audience really that has just had Wimbledon , outdoors ... we 're going to take that tennis-loving public and tell them to watch tennis indoors -- it was a big decision . "	London will host the season-ending championship of men 's tennis until 2015 It first held the ATP World Tour Finals in 2009 and its contract was extended The tournament has become an important financial boon for the ATP It was previously held in Shanghai , with Rio and New York also interested
CNN  -- While hosting CNN 's Crossfire this week , I said : "  Republicans are practically cheering for Vladimir Putin today . He 's given them a new excuse to bash President Obama . " I pointed out that Republicans have been slamming Obama for his handling of the Ukraine crisis even though I have not heard a single , specific way in which they would handle the situation differently . No new ideas , just new insults . The howls came quickly , and my assertion has been repeatedly attacked and mischaracterized . But the evidence to support it is , troublingly , everywhere . I 'm not saying Republicans are pro-Putin or that they want him to invade Ukraine . But they certainly have -- conveniently , even gleefully -- found a good way to put Putin 's actions to political use at home . Just listen to former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani on Monday : "  Putin decides what he wants to do and he does it in half a day ... he makes a decision and he executes it . Quickly . Then everybody reacts . That 's what you call a leader . " And Sarah Palin : "  People are looking at Putin as one who wrestles bears and drills for oil ; they look at our President as one who wears mom jeans and equivocates and bloviates . " Republican leaders are not only bashing Obama , but appearing to praise Putin . There 's more : Sen. John McCain , R - Arizona , seemed to blame the Ukraine crisis on Obama , telling the American Israel Public Affairs Committee this week , "  this is the ultimate result of a feckless foreign policy in which nobody believes in America 's strength anymore . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , has weighed in : "  We have a weak and indecisive President that invites aggression , " as did Rep. Tom Cotton , R-Arkansas : "  Emboldened by President Obama 's trembling inaction , Vladimir Putin has invaded the Crimea region of Ukraine . " And on and on . Opinion : 5 lessons for a new Cold War Listen , there 's nothing wrong with criticizing the President 's policy positions or actions . To hold a President 's feet to the fire over every aspect of government is the job not only of our elected leaders but of all citizens . Substantive dissent is indeed patriotic . But substantive dissent is not what we have here . We have baseless , petty politics that are ultimately counterproductive to America 's global standing . On Saturday , Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , published a list of steps he thinks Obama should take to "  punish Russia . " They included calling Russia 's actions an invasion -- which , um , Secretary of State John Kerry actually did the same day that Rubio made his demand -- and sending Kerry to Kiev , which was announced a day later . The ranking Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , called for immediate sanctions against Russia -- but the Treasury Department under Obama 's direction was already drafting a package of stiff sanctions . Republicans have also called for visa bans for Russian leaders and asset freezes . Well , on Sunday , Kerry said , "  There could even be , ultimately , asset freezes , visa bans . There could be certainly disruption of any of the normal trade routine . There could be business drawback on investment in the country . " He said the major world powers are "  going to isolate Russia " and "  all options are on the table . " U.S. paves way for sanctions on Russians , Ukrainians over Crimea If the Obama administration is already acting on the initiatives that its Republican critics are demanding in response to the Ukraine crisis , why are they complaining ? Because , they allege , it 's because Obama has been so weak for five years that Putin thought he could get away with invading Ukraine . Let 's look at that argument more closely . In August 2008 , Vladimir Putin invaded the Republic of Georgia while George W. Bush was President of the United States . Where were the "  weakness " complaints from Republicans ? Well , conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer -- who has said that in the Ukraine situation Obama 's "  inaction created a vacuum " and who derided the President 's statements on Ukraine as "  weak " -- said of the Georgia invasion back in 2008 , "  Well , obviously it 's beyond our control . The Russians are advancing . There is nothing that will stop them . " Conservative Heritage Foundation national security staffer Peter Brookes exuded a similar calm in 2008 : "  There 's no easy answer ; there 's only tough choices ... Russia is a tough nut to crack . " Apparently when a Democrat is president the situation is much simpler . Last Friday , Brookes explained that the Russian invasion of Crimea is proof that "  this administration 's policy toward Russia has been a failure . " Hmmm ... . There 's another aspect to this Republican hypocrisy . McCain recently called Obama "  the most nave president in history " because of his foreign policy tactics . And yet it was George W. Bush who famously said , upon meeting Putin , "  I looked the man in the eye . I found him to be very straight forward and trustworthy , and we had a very good dialogue . I was able to get a sense of his soul . " Did Republicans find him "  weak " ? "  Nave " ? Contrast this with Obama , who , against considerable odds , wrangled Russia into a constructive role on Iran sanctions , Syrian chemical weapons removal and a new START treaty . It is not merely laughable to call this President , who has unfortunately expanded the use of drone warfare and who also ordered the mission to kill Osama bin Laden , "  weak . " It is also self-destructive to our national interest , since absent any substantive disagreements , it reveals only national disunity in the face of a global crisis . It 's what Republicans might call -- if the other party were doing it -- poor leadership . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sally Kohn .	Sally Kohn : I was slammed for saying GOP practically cheering Putin while bashing Obama But evidence abounds , in remarks by McCain , Giuliani , many commentators , she says She says Obama already doing what GOP suggests on Ukraine Kohn : GOP 's hypocrisy , criticism of President is destructive
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie has asked Thailand to permit greater freedom for thousands of refugees stuck in camps after fleeing neighboring Myanmar , according to a U.N. statement released Friday . Angellina Jolie and Brad Pitt visited refugees in northern Thailand on Wednesday . Jolie and actor Brad Pitt traveled to a refugee camp in northern Thailand on Wednesday in effort to draw international attention to what the U.N. has called "  restricted " movement of roughly 111,000 refugees housed in nine camps along the Thai-Myanmar border , the statement said . Jolie has spent several years as a goodwill ambassador for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . She said her passion for helping refugees , whom she calls "  the most vulnerable people in the world , " was sparked in 2001 during visits to Cambodia . " The U.N. estimates more than 5,000 people have fled to northern Thailand 's Mae Hong Son province between 2006 and 2007 . A recent CNN investigation found evidence of the Thai army towing an apparent boatload of 190 Rohingya refugees -- a Muslim minority group from Myanmar -- out to sea , prompting Thai authorities to launch an investigation . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Angelina Jolie calls on Thai leaders to grant more freedom to refugees Thousands of refugees are stuck in camps after fleeing Myanmar Jolie is currently goodwill ambassador for U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees
CNN  -- It 's not a great sign for the music industry when the year 's top-selling album is the soundtrack to a Disney movie . So far in 2014 , there has n't been a single album from a music artist that 's sold a million copies or more , according to Billboard . While "  Frozen 's " soundtrack has done just fine , with just over 3 million units sold as of October 10 , it seems music fans have n't been as eager about albums released by artists . In fact , the two performers who 've come closest to reaching platinum-level success in 2014 actually released their albums last year . Beyonce 's self-titled artistic smash has gone on to notch 776,000 units so far this year , while Lorde 's "  Pure Heroine " has pushed 754,000 . Even the "  Frozen " soundtrack is a holdover , as it arrived last November . As for 2014 releases , Eric Church is so far the biggest hit . The country star 's "  Outsiders , " which arrived in February , has sold 722,000 , closely followed by Coldplay 's "  Ghost Stories . " But perhaps not all hope is lost : 2014 still has some major players up ahead . Taylor Swift will release her latest album , "  1989 , " on October 27 , and the Foo Fighters ' "  Sonic Highways " is slated for November . And if all else fails , maybe someone can convince Beyonce to drop another surprise album .	This year has seen a lack of platinum-selling albums Only the soundtrack to "  Frozen " has sold more than a million units Erich Church and Coldplay are two of the year 's bigger releases
CNN  -- Paul J. Zak is the founding Director of the Center for Neuroeconomics Studies and Professor of Economics , Psychology and Management at Claremont Graduate University . He is the author of The Moral Molecule : The Source of Love and Prosperity . Evolution does not promote happiness . Most creatures live on the edge of survival and do whatever it takes to get through another day . Yet , many human beings seek to be , and often are , happy . How did that happen ? I spent a decade running neuroscience experiments to understand why humans are , much of the time , moral . We expect others to be honest , trustworthy , and kind and are outraged when they are not . As I report in my recent book The Moral Molecule : The Source of Love and Prosperity , my experiments showed that a then largely-ignored brain chemical in humans , oxytocin , motivates moral behaviors . Oxytocin does this by producing the feeling of empathy : When we are emotionally connected to others we tend to treat them well . My studies showed this was true even between complete strangers . Over 2,000 years ago , Aristotle claimed that morality comes from being in community with others . My experiments confirm this . Aristotle also argued that practicing virtue made one happy . I decided to put this to the test . I found that individuals who release the most oxytocin -- I call them "  oxytocin-adepts " -- were more satisfied with their lives compared to those who release less oxytocin . Why ? They had better relationships of all types : Romantic , friendships , family , and they even shared more money with strangers in laboratory experiments . The moral molecule morphed in the happy molecule . Happiness largely comes from other people for social creatures like us . The logic step was to see if I could hack the happiness molecule . There is evidence in animals that repeated release of oxytocin biases the brain to release it more easily . In other words , it might be possible to become and oxytocin-adept . I began by refusing to shake hands . My experiments had shown that touch causes the release of oxytocin , so I replaced the handshake with a hug . Yes , for everyone , even on a first meeting . I found that after an embrace people opened up and connected to me much better than before I started this practice . My second hack was spending an extra second looking at people 's faces and then telling them what I saw . "  Hi Laura , you look sad today , are you OK ? " Or , "  Hi Jorge , you really look happy , tell me what you 've been doing ? " People appreciated my focus on how they felt and conversations went from the superficial to what really mattered . I was practicing empathy . My third hack was the most difficult . Oxytocin is sometimes called the "  love chemical " because it sustains bonds between romantic partners and between parents and children . I decided to tell my friends and colleagues that I loved them . The response was overwhelming . Everyone lit up , some cried , everyone returned the love in words and deeds . I even earned the nickname "  Dr. Love . " Did I really hack the happiness molecule ? I certainly feel much more connected to those around me , more open to emotional experiences , and , well , happier . I recently turned 50 and I was amazed when I had four surprise birthday parties on the same day . I think my brain hacks have made me a better friend , father , and colleague . Rich social networks extend life and improve health , so you might want to try to hack your oxytocin , too . Here 's your to-do list : Give eight hugs a day , focus on how those around you feel , and yes , use the "  L " word when you can . If you find these difficult , start using them on a dog . My experiments have shown dogs are better oxytocin stimulators than other pets , and better stress-reducers , too . One more suggestion : Last year I decided to end every conversation with the word "  service , " as in , "  I am at your service . " If I 'm in a meeting , the person I 'm with wants something from me . My new hack is to give others what they want generously whenever possible . Nearly everyone is surprised and pleased by this and I typically get back much more than I have offered . I 'm an introvert who learned to revel in community . If you can hack the happiness molecule like I have , then I 've been of service . And that makes me happy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul J. Zak .	Paul J. Zak : I spent a decade trying understand why humans are usually moral His new book reports how brain chemical oxytocin motivates moral behaviors He also tests Aristotle 's theory that practicing virtue made one happy The logical step was to see if I could hack the happiness molecule , he writes
RAWALPINDI , Pakistan  CNN  -- Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto 's assassination was her own fault , the country 's president , Pervez Musharraf , said in an interview on U.S. television . Bhutto sits on stage at a campaign rally minutes before her assassination . "  For standing up outside the car , I think it was she to blame alone -- nobody else . Responsibility is hers , " the former general told CBS ' "  60 Minutes " on Sunday . Bhutto was killed December 27 in Rawalpindi , south of the Pakistani capital Islamabad , while she was standing in an armored moving car after rallying supporters for now-postponed parliamentary elections . Her head was above the roof and unprotected at the time of the attack . The cause of her death is not clear : a bomber blew himself up near Bhutto 's limousine and videotape showed a gunman present , though no autopsy has been carried out . Asked if Bhutto could have been shot , Musharraf said , "  Yes , absolutely , yes . Possibility . " He has said he welcomes an international investigation . Musharraf , who seized power in a bloodless coup in 1999 , rejected criticism that his government did not do enough to provide security to Bhutto , who was seeking to regain the post of prime minister . He noted that she had already survived one assassination attempt and "  was given more security than any other person . " Asked about the hunt for al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , widely rumored to be in the remote border region between Pakistan and Afghanistan , Musharraf said , "  There is no proof whatsoever that he 's here . We are not particularly looking for him , but we are operating against this -- and al Qaeda and militant Taliban . And in the process , obviously , it is combined . Maybe we are looking for him also . " And Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , Mahmud Ali Durrani , told CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer " that , "  If we knew where he was , we would have taken him out . " Durrani added that Musharraf 's comment about "  not specifically looking for Osama " means that the Pakistani military is "  totally focused on destroying al Qaeda and the Taliban network and not just one person . " About Bhutto 's death , he noted only that the investigation is not completed "  and we should not jump to conclusions . " Still , he added , "  if she had not come out of the vehicle , the protected and armored vehicle , maybe we would have seen her smiling face again today . " Though Musharraf 's popularity at home has plummeted , he retains support from GOP presidential contender Sen. John McCain . "  I think he 's a good man , " the Arizonan told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  But I think he 's made mistakes , do n't get me wrong . And we 've got to move forward with these elections and have them free and fair . "  But I can work with him . He understands the threat to his country that the Taliban and al Qaeda present . And radical Islamic extremists . He 's a very smart man . He 'd be one of the first to go . They 've tried to kill him nine times , OK ? Nine times they 've tried to kill Musharraf . He 's not their favorite guy . " The New York Times reported Sunday that the Bush administration is considering expanding covert operations in the western part of Pakistan to shore up support for Musharraf 's government and to find bin Laden and his second in command , Ayman al-Zawahiri . Democratic presidential candidate Bill Richardson of New Mexico told CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer " that , though he had not heard details of the plan , "  it sounds like a strategy that makes sense . " He added , "  We have got to take whatever action is needed . " Richardson has called for Musharraf to step down and has called for free and fair elections . "  What we need to do is ask Musharraf , push him , push him to step aside for the good of the country , because he is widely unpopular , " he told CNN . Sen. Hillary Clinton , a Democratic presidential candidate from New York , said Saturday that she would try to persuade Musharraf to share the responsibility for safeguarding his country 's nuclear weapons with a delegation from the United States and perhaps Great Britain . Meanwhile , detectives from Britain 's Scotland Yard on Sunday once again examined the white Land Cruiser that Bhutto was riding in when she was assassinated , Pakistan 's state-run news agency said . The Associated Press of Pakistan said the detectives also watched videos of Bhutto 's last moments three times , and looked at bird 's eye view photographs of Liaqat Bagh park taken from a building that overlooks the Rawalpindi public site . The team of five detectives arrived in Pakistan Friday after Musharraf agreed they should work alongside Pakistani agencies to determine how Bhutto was killed and who was responsible for her death . On Saturday , the team spent more than two hours at the park . Musharraf said he expected the Scotland Yard investigators to help "  solve all the confusion " surrounding the case . Bhutto 's husband , Asif Ali Zardari , wants a United Nations inquiry into his late wife 's assassination . The Pakistan interior ministry say the former leader died when she hit her head on the lever of her car 's sunroof after ducking for cover after a suicide bomb attack on her convoy . However , supporters of Bhutto insist she was shot prior to the explosion -- a view that some say is supported by video footage of the moments before the blast . E-mail to a friend	NEW : British counter-terrorism experts re-inspect Bhutto 's vehicle NEW : Bhutto 's assassination was her own fault , says Musharraf in interview NEW : He blamed her for standing up outside the safety of an armored car Bhutto 's husband , Asif Ali Zardari , wants a U.N. inquiry into his late wife 's death
CNN  The U.N. Security Council voted Tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis -- the minority group that has taken over large swaths of Yemen , including its capital , Sanaa -- and supporters of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh . The resolution "  raises the cost " for the Houthis , according to Mark Lyall Grant , Britain 's ambassador to the United Nations . In addition to the arms embargo , it also demands that the Shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence and includes sanctions aimed at controlling the spread of terrorism , according to Grant . Russia abstained from Tuesday 's vote , saying it did n't like the inclusion of sanctions . In recent weeks , Saudi Arabia has led a coalition that is conducting airstrikes on targets associated with Saleh 's supporters and the Houthis , who have emerged as Yemen 's most dominant force in recent months . Also Tuesday , Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Saudi Arabian Minister of Defense Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz agreed to form a joint military commission to discuss the implementation of a major strategic maneuver inside Saudi Arabia , Egypt 's state-run Ahram news agency reported . Egypt announced that it would dispatch several naval ships to help halt the rebels ' advance . In response to media reports , Egyptian officials said no troops have yet been sent to Yemen . The Houthis forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January , though Hadi still claims he is Yemen 's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to Yemen . Those allied with Hadi have accused the Iranian government of supporting the Houthis in their uprising in Yemen . They include Yemen 's current ambassador to the United Nations , Khaled Mahfoodh Abdulla Bahah , who said Tuesday , "  We refuse  the  influence of Iran in Yemen affairs . " CNN 's Richard Roth and Dominique Dodley reported from New York , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this report from Atlanta . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	Egypt , Saudi Arabia to launch joint military maneuvers inside Saudi borders The arms embargo applies to the Houthis and backers of ex-President Saleh Russia abstains from the U.N. Security Council vote over the inclusion of sanctions
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- Dolores Hope , the widow of actor-comedian Bob Hope , died of natural causes at her Los Angeles home Monday , her family said . She was 102 . "  I had such a huge admiration for both of them , " actress Julie Newmar said . "  The quality it takes to get just one year older , says a lot about that fact that she lived to 102 . What a glorious woman and life ! " Although she put her singing career on hold after her marriage to Hope , Dolores Hope was active as a philanthropist , involved in her own causes as well as her husband 's . Military troops entertained by her husband 's USO shows knew Dolores Hope because she would usually close the shows with a rendition of "  Silent Night , " according to a biography provided by her family . "  She was the First Lady of the USO , " Carol Channing said . "  They did n't come any more patriotic , caring or talented than Dolores . " Her last USO show performance came at age 84 , when she sang "  White Christmas " to Operation Desert Storm troops from the back of a truck in the Saudi desert . She restarted her singing career at the age of 83 by recording several albums . She performed with Rosemary Clooney at Rainbow and Stars in New York for several weeks . Born in Harlem in New York on May 27 , 1909 , Dolores DeFina was a singer at Manhattan 's Vogue Club when she met Bob Hope in 1933 . It was "  love at first song , " the biography quotes Bob Hope as saying . The couple married the next year and later adopted four children . The couple moved in the late 1930s from New York to California , where he pursued a movie and radio career . Bob Hope was 100 when he died July 27 , 2003 . "  Dolores once said that their longevity could be credited to laughter and they certainly had a lot of that in their lives , " said actress Alison Arngrim . The family will hold a private funeral at burial at the Bob Hope Memorial Garden , San Fernando Mission , California , where her husband was interred .	NEW : "  She was the First Lady of the USO , " Carol Channing says She met Bob Hope in 1933 when she was singing at a New York club Dolores Hope put her singing career on hold to raise four adopted children Bob Hope was 100 when he died in 2003
Paris  CNN  -- The former head of the International Monetary Fund , arrested on sexual assault charges and then released after his accuser 's credibility was questioned , acknowledged "  moral weakness " in an interview Sunday but denied any violence or aggression . Dominique Strauss-Kahn told French television station TF1 the incident at the Sofitel involving a Guinean maid was "  not only an inappropriate relationship , but more than that -- an error , a mistake , a mistake concerning my wife , my children , my friends , but also a mistake that the French people placed their hope in change on me . " "  There was a weakness , " he said . "  It was greater than a weakness , it was a moral weakness , a moral mistake , and I 'm not proud of this . I regret this . I 've regretted it throughout these days , through these four months , and I believe I 've not finished regretting . "  I had a feeling I was trapped , humiliated , " he said of the accusations . He said he was deeply wounded by the images and the media reports surrounding the allegations . He spoke of being hounded by reporters and scrambling to find a place to stay that would satisfy court security requirements . "  This was expensive , " he said , but " ... either that or return back to  jail  . " Once considered a front-runner candidate for the French presidency , Strauss-Kahn , 62 , was pulled off a Paris-bound plane on May 14 and arrested after the sexual assault allegations . Days later , he resigned from the IMF and was put on house arrest after spending a few days in New York 's Rikers Island jail . But questions arose about the credibility of the maid , identified as Nafissatou Diallo , prompting prosecutors to drop the charges against Strauss-Kahn . He returned to France earlier this month . Prosecutors pointed out that there was "  neither material proof nor any credible evidence " that an assault took place , Strauss-Kahn told the station . And a prosecution report said there were no signs of violence to the woman , he said . Authorities said the woman told differing versions of the story , Strauss-Kahn said . "  If there was the slightest accusation that remained , there would have been a trial . " Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys have previously said the two were involved in consensual sex . Diallo 's attorneys have filed a civil lawsuit against Strauss-Kahn . Asked Sunday whether he and his attorneys will negotiate with her , Strauss-Kahn said they would not . "  I 've always had respect for women , " he said . " ... I 've paid heavily . I 'm still paying for this . " Douglas Wigdor , one of Diallo 's attorneys , said he looks forward to asking Strauss-Kahn questions under oath , and hearing his responses . "  We have still not heard what Mr. Strauss-Kahn has said happened in that room . ... We 're waiting for that . We had hoped that this would happen today , but it did n't , " he told CNN 's Don Lemon after the interview . "  If Mr. Strauss-Kahn thinks that people in France will really believe that he was able to convince Ms. Diallo , who had never met him before and did not know that he was in the room , to engage in sexual acts with him within a matter of minutes , then he should describe how that happened , " Wigdor and Kenneth Thompson , the woman 's attorneys , said in a statement released before the interview Sunday . "  We suspect that he will not do so because any story that he describes will not be plausible . " They noted the French journalist who interviewed Strauss-Kahn is a friend of his wife 's . "  As everyone knows , Ms. Diallo sat down with unbiased journalists and investigative reporters who were permitted , without any conditions , to ask questions about Ms. Diallo and the deplorable acts that Mr. Strauss-Kahn committed against her , " the statement said . Strauss-Kahn told the station that his wife , French journalist Anne Sinclair , is "  an exceptional woman ... I 'm so lucky to have her by my side . I have hurt her . I know this . I begrudge myself , but you know , she would not have been like this , she would not have supported me , if she had not known from the first second that I was innocent . " He said he wanted to be a candidate in the 2012 French presidential elections . "  I wanted to be useful and bring answers , and that is all behind me , " he said . "  Quite clearly , I can not be a candidate , even if I 've continued to think about it ... I do not wish to be in the primaries . " French journalist Tristane Banon has filed a complaint against Strauss-Kahn in France , alleging he attempted to sexually assault her in 2003 . He has filed a counter-suit alleging slander . Asked about Banon 's allegations Sunday , Strauss-Kahn said he met with her recently and "  I said the truth to her in this meeting . There was no act of aggression , there was no violence . ... The version that was presented was imaginary . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	The former IMF head acknowledges "  moral weakness " He denies any sexual assault took place at a New York hotel The woman 's attorneys question his claim of consensual sex Strauss-Kahn denies attempting to assault French writer Tristane Banon
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- More than a thousand stranded people , cold and fearful , escaped blankets of snow and slippery roads Saturday after the Indian air force ferried them to warmer climates . In all ,1,100 people on the sole highway linking the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir 's winter and summer capitals -- Srinagar and Jammu -- were airlifted out of misery . People had been waiting for days for the treacherous highway to reopen after unusually heavy snowfall caused avalanches in the northern , mountainous Kashmir region . The road re-opened briefly three days ago but authorities allowed only big trucks carrying essential goods . Uncertainty set in as the highway remained unnavigable by most of vehicles . State authorities finally were forced to seek Indian military help . The highway has been closed 11 days in January . In some places , the snow has piled up several feet . More of the white stuff is forecast for Sunday . CNN 's Mukhtar Ahmad contributed to this report .	NEW : 1,100 people were airlifted out Heavy snow blocks the main highway in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir Some people were stranded for days
CNN  -- Four buildings on The Ohio State University campus were evacuated Tuesday after the FBI 's Columbus , Ohio , bureau notified the university it had received an anonymous message that explosives were placed in the buildings , authorities said . The buildings are the William Oxley Thompson Memorial Library , the McPherson Chemical Lab , Smith Laboratory and Scott Laboratory . Classes in the three academic buildings involved were canceled , and all four buildings were closed until at least 5 p.m. or until the investigation is complete , according to Vernon Baisden , the university 's director of public safety . Officials did not say whether any explosives had been found in the buildings . The university was notified of the threat at 8:19 a.m. and activated its Buckeye Alert System at 8:41 a.m. , according to a message posted on the Ohio State website . Nearby streets were closed to vehicle traffic , university Police Chief Paul Denton told reporters . Local , state and federal authorities were assisting in the investigation , Baisden said , but he said officials could release few details about specifics . Aerial footage showed authorities with dogs entering one of the buildings . Students and employees "  responded in an orderly fashion , " Baisden said , "  and we have no reports of any real confusion , other than the fact that everybody was wondering what was going on . " Asked whether the threat was targeting labs , Baisden noted that labs are located in many locations on the Ohio State campus .	The buildings will remain closed until at least 5 p.m. , officials say The FBI notified university officials of the threat The university activated its alert system
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Candidates wound up a flurry of election campaigning before a midnight deadline Friday night amid reports of a violent attack on one of the candidates ' campaigns . The campaign of flamboyant komba-singer-turned-presidential-candidate Michel "  Sweet Micky " Martelly issued a statement late Friday night , claiming he had survived an "  assassination attempt " in the town of Les Cayes in southern Haiti . "  Many wounded , at least one dead , " the campaign said in a press release . Haitian police officials have not responded to phone calls from CNN . A spokesman for the United Nations confirmed to CNN there had been a clash in Les Cayes late Friday night , though he could not say whether there were casualties involved . "  It 's a confrontation between Martelly partisans and the  supporters  of another Init senator , " Jean-Francois Vezina , a spokesman for the United Nations police detachment in Haiti , told CNN Saturday . Inite  Unity  is a well-funded political party endorsed by outgoing President Rene Preval . Its presidential candidate , Jude Celestin , leads the largest block of candidates for seats in both houses of parliament , which are also up for grabs in Sunday 's election . "  The security guard of the Inite party used a weapon , " Vezina said . "  The only thing that we 've done there is to send a Senegalese Force Police Unit to take control of the election there . " Tensions have mounted in Haiti ahead of Sunday 's national elections , scheduled to be held within a year that saw a massive earthquake , a spreading cholera epidemic and recurring signs of government instability . Eighteen candidates are running for the post of president . Seats are also up for grabs in the Senate and in the lower house of parliament . Nearly all of the candidates have campaigned on similar platforms -- fighting corruption , creating jobs , and addressing a series of natural disasters that has left the Caribbean nation reeling and prompted many to urge for a postponement of Sunday 's vote . Haitian elections have been historically troubled by violence as well as allegations of fraud and intimidation and the run-up to Sunday 's vote has not been peaceful . Last Monday , clashes erupted between supporters of two rival candidates in another southern town , resulting in at least two deaths . "  Tempers are flaring , there is some political discontent , " said Bernice Roberts , senior Haiti analyst with the International Crisis Group . "  There is a perpetual crisis of confidence among political actors . Plus there 's a high level of social frustration regarding the response to the earthquake , regarding the response to cholera . " According to Haiti 's Ministry of Public Health , more than 1,600 people have died as a result of the cholera epidemic that was first discovered on the island last month . More than 60,000 people have been treated for the deadly bacteria . Religious leaders , meanwhile , have been calling for calm ahead of the vote . "  We are praying for peace on election day , " said Max Beauvoir , Haiti 's "  Supreme Servitor , " or highest ranking voodoo priest , in an interview with CNN on Friday . Haitian authorities are imposing strict measures to ensure security on election day . After midnight Saturday , only drivers with special passes from the Conseil Electoral Provisoir , Haiti 's main electoral body , will be able to operate cars or motorcycles anywhere on Haiti 's roadways , according to CEP spokesman Richardson Dumel . Businesses are also banned from selling alcohol from 8 p.m. Saturday until Monday , he said . Gun licenses are also temporarily suspended from Saturday night until Monday .	U.N. confirms clash between campaign supporters At least one person was killed , the campaign of Michel Martelly says Elections are scheduled to be held Sunday
Journeying by day through Borno state is a tense , nervy experience . But for some , nightfall in this part of northeastern Nigeria has become truly frightening with the threat from Boko Haram seemingly everywhere . This state has been a springboard for a wave of indiscriminate bombings , kidnappings and assassinations perpetrated by this exceptionally violent militant Islamist group whose name translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . Yet it was n't until recently , when hundreds of schoolgirls were snatched at gunpoint from a boarding school as they slept in their beds , that this brutal insurgency really grabbed the world 's attention . The terrifying and audacious nature of this raid in the dead of night under a hail of gunfire and explosions sent shock waves far beyond Nigeria 's borders . When a CNN crew made the perilous journey to Chibok almost a month after the girls ' abduction , they discovered the attack had left an indelible mark on this community . Locals described fearing the onset of nightfall when they felt most vulnerable , most abandoned by the outside world . Police fled Before their village was stormed , some residents claimed friends and relatives in surrounding towns had warned them the feared extremists were on their way in a convoy of cargo trucks , pickups and motorcycles . They said they reported this to local authorities that night . The police , they said , called for reinforcements but none came . Everyone , including the police , fled into the bush , leaving the girls asleep in their dorms . The gunmen overpowered the school 's guards and herded the girls onto the waiting trucks . The trucks then disappeared into the dense forest bordering Cameroon , a stronghold for the terror group . Authorities do not know where the girls are being held . "  It was horrific , it happened in the night , it was very dark . But the sound of gunshots , explosions everywhere , " recalled Daniel Muvia , who witnessed the attack firsthand with his family . "  We had to run away from our homes . We had to run into the bushes for our lives . Fear is all over . Fear is everywhere . " The memory of that horrifying night on April 14 and the fear of further attacks like it has forced men like Muvia to take matters into their own hands . Armed only with machetes , homemade bow and arrows and any other improvised weapons they can find , the community 's men come together each evening to patrol their village . Their nightly vigil consists of a cautious walk around their village , led by the thin light from their small torches . Occasionally they 'll improvise a road block by dragging a tree on to the dirt track to block vehicles . It 's a pitiful defense against the heavily-armed militants , but they hope and pray they can protect their sleeping families against further violence and destruction . Resilience But fear is gradually giving way to resilience here , as Chibok 's residents grow tired of waiting for outside help to arrive . Nigeria 's government has been forced to defend its response to the crisis , with President Goodluck Jonathan roundly criticized for waiting three weeks to speak to the nation about efforts to find and free the girls . And the military 's campaign to subdue Boko Haram has had little success since a state of emergency was declared in Nigeria 's north a year ago this month . During the day , Chibok returns to something like normality with its vibrant market a focal point . But the physical scars from April 's attack are brought sharply into focus once again -- the burned-out shell of the girls ' school stands as a reminder of the scale of the destruction that fateful night .	Night abduction by Boko Haram of school girls from Nigerian village shocked world More than 200 girls remain in captivity almost one month after they were taken Men in village of Chibok forced to patrol their community at night Nigerian authorities criticized for their response to the crisis
CNN  -- By now , everyone knows who Malala Yousafzai is . But most people had never heard of the heroic and highly effective work of her fellow Nobel Peace Prize winner , Kailash Satyarthi . By awarding the prize jointly to both of them , the Nobel Committee made an inspired choice . The win by Malala , who has become a global icon and a symbol of courage and of the rights of girls to an education , was expected , even demanded by the public . In contrast , Satyarthi , a children 's rights and anti-slavery activist , is known mostly in the world of human rights defenders . It 's time his story started inspiring all of us . The two are , above all , enemies of injustice . And while Malala 's young life has dazzled the world in a short time , Satyarthi , 60 , has already spent decades working to combat the shocking reality that even today , millions of children are forced to work in slavery , often to pay off their parents ' debts , enduring exploitation and trafficking . As noted by Thorbjoern Jagland , the head of the Norwegian Nobel Committee , the shared Nobel , awarded to an Indian and a Pakistani , a Hindu and a Muslim -- natives of two countries that have gone to war with each other -- sends a strong message of reconciliation . But if Malala 's uncommon courage is difficult to replicate -- she redoubled her efforts after being shot in the head by the Taliban -- Satyarthi 's life is a reminder that there is a potential hero hiding within every human being . And it underscores how as individuals we do n't have to accept the wrongs we see in the world as if they were inescapable and unchangeable . Satyarthi is said to have been only 6 years old when he noticed a boy on the steps at his school . But this boy was working shining shoes . This was , according to Satyarthi , when his conscience was awoken . By the time he was 11 , as one writer notes , he was pushing his classmates to donate their textbooks to the poor and their parents to help pay school fees for those who could n't afford them . There was always a profoundly practical aspect to his activism . It was about getting results . Satyarthi eventually became an electrical engineer , but he decided to leave that behind and dedicate himself to something he believed was more important , and he started working to free the so-called "  bonded laborers , " essentially slaves forced to work to pay off debts . In 1980 , he founded Bachpan Bachao Andolan , Save the Children Mission , to rescue and protect children from servitude and trafficking . He built an ashram , the Liberation Retreat , to teach new skills to former slave workers , so they could become self-sufficient after gaining their freedom . BBA started as a direct-action group and evolved into the cornerstone of a global movement to free children from slave labor and give them the chance of having not just a real childhood but also the chance of a decent life . According to the Hindustan Times , it grew to have more than 80,000 people and 750 member organizations . By some counts they have freed more than 75,000 children from servitude and have raised awareness of the problem and developed a wide-ranging strategy to solve it . Child labor -- modern slavery -- is now recognized internationally as a fundamental human rights challenge . Satyarthi 's Global March against Child Labor and the Global Campaign for Education have chapters throughout the world , with thousands of members working to influence and ultimately persuade governments , businesses and consumers to stop illegal labor practices . They also help develop international conventions on children 's rights so that what is clearly immoral is also designated as illegal . They have , to put it quite simply , made a difference . Malala Yousafzai and Kailash Satyarthi stand as symbols of the crucial role individuals must play to address the urgent issues of our time . Their joint Nobel Peace Prize reminds us that in the great struggles unfolding today , the fight against extremism , the oppression and exploitation of women , the battle between competing ideologies , all of us can make the choice . Everyone can become a hero .	Kailash Satyarthi is announced co-winner of Nobel Peace Prize Decision to award it to Satyarthi and Malala Yousafzai was inspired , writes Frida Ghitis The two activists are symbols of how we can all be heroes , Ghitis writes
CNN  -- NBC has made Katherine Heigl 's return to TV official . The 35-year-old actress will star in the network 's newly announced series "  State of Affairs , " about a CIA analyst  Heigl  who advises the president on high-risk global affairs while also balancing her own complicated personal life . Alfre Woodard plays the president , whose son was engaged to Heigl 's character , Charleston "  Charlie " Tucker , prior to being killed in a terrorist attack . This will be Heigl 's first regular prime-time role since she left Shonda Rhimes ' "  Grey 's Anatomy " in 2010 . In the years since , Heigl has been working primarily on the big screen , with her most recent release being January 's animated title "  The Nut Job . " Heigl will also executive produce "  State of Affairs " along with her mom , Nancy Heigl , and writer/director Joe Carnahan , among others . According to Entertainment Weekly , Heigl 's series is just one of three politically themed shows coming to NBC . Along with "  State of Affairs , " the network has placed series orders for a drama called "  Allegiance , " about a CIA analyst who learns his parents are deactivated Russian spies , and another drama called "  Odyssey , " about an international conspiracy that affects a lawyer , a political activist and a female soldier . Meanwhile , on NBC 's sister network USA , Amy Poehler 's joining forces with comedian Billy Eichner and writer Julie Klausner for a comedy pilot called "  Difficult People . " The Hollywood Reporter reports that Eichner and Klausner , who co-created the "  Difficult People " concept , will star as a pair of NYC best friends who hate everyone except themselves . Klausner is writing the script , and Poehler will executive produce .	Katherine Heigl returns to TV with a new NBC drama The actress will play a CIA analyst advising the president on high-level global affairs This is Heigl 's first regular TV role since she left "  Grey 's Anatomy " in 2010 The series is just one of three politically themed new shows
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In a world where third spaces -- the places where we spend time away from work and home -- are increasingly privately owned , how can we make our public spaces outstanding ? Seattle 's Rem Koolhaas-designed Central Library , seen from the corner of Madison Street and Fourth Avenue Those looking for inspiration might turn to Seattle , whose citizens voted to spend nearly $ 200 million to create or revamp 27 public libraries , including rebuilding its landmark Central Library . City librarian Deborah L. Jacobs spearheaded the library program . "  Seattle is a city of readers , but our library buildings were getting tired , " she told CNN . "  They were not working , not big enough , not functional for the change in the way information is being delivered . " Following her appointment in 1997 , Jacobs focused on convincing people that investment on a massive scale was needed . She took her proposal to the city 's constituents . "  We talked to them honestly , night after night , lunch after lunch , and they voted overwhelmingly to support it , " she explained . On November 3 1998 , Seattle voted to spend $ 196 million of public money on library buildings , which , coupled with private donations , gave Jacobs the budget she needed . Jacobs and her team are now approaching the end of a project that has created or revitalized 27 libraries across the city . "  By the end of this year , we 'll have spent $ 280 million on new libraries in Seattle , " she told CNN . The jewel in the crown of Jacobs 's project is the Rem Koolhaas-designed Central Library . At 362,000 square feet plus parking , and with 11 floors -- nine of them public -- it 's a shining testament to the success of the city 's campaign . Glittering spaceport The Central Library now rises like a glittering spaceport from Madison , Fourth and Fifth Avenues . Inside , the light and airy space is punctuated with bright flashes of color , from its acid-yellow escalators to its pop-art-pink children 's center . Its industrial check in/out desks and rows of stainless steel shelves create an ambience that 's more high-tech art cafe than stuffy reading room , while light floods in through the glass-and-steel structure , illuminating its users . See photos of Seattle Central Library " But it 's not just racy looks . The library has been designed as a fully-functional , hard-working public space . It now holds over a million books and the backbone of the collection is its innovative "  Book Spiral " that displays the entire non-fiction collection in a continuous run , with separate areas for fiction , children 's books and a teen section . The library also caters to its users ' digital information needs . Jacobs said , "  We had 32 public computers in the old central library . Now we have 300 . " And the building is equipped to act as a community hub , too . Jacobs continued , "  We 're able to offer space for meetings and programming , space for collections , community gathering spaces and a coffee stand where people can come and meet informally . " The library now hosts workshops , talks and events on everything from Harry Potter to henna painting . "  It 's really designed to be flexible but still have a sense of awe , " she added . "  It 's simply , absolutely , perfectly lovely . " Sustainable from the start The city stipulated that the new Central Library had to have tangible sustainable elements . Jacobs said , "  When we hired the architect , we were very clear that we wanted to incorporate things that would make a difference right now . We wanted to be sustainable right from the start . " So the building , which holds a silver LEED rating , used local and recycled materials where possible in its construction . To reduce its energy consumption , it maximizes daylight and uses automated lighting controls , while the wire mesh in the structure 's glass helps conduct heat out of the building , decreasing the need for air conditioning . When Central Library first opened its doors , 28,000 of Seattle 's residents were lined up outside to admire their new temple to information . "  More people than ever are using it , " said Jacobs . The library now has double the daily visitors of the old library . "  Not about the retail " At a time when we 're spending more time at the mall , Jacobs says one of the library 's greatest benefits to the community is its role as a non-commercial public space . "  You can be here without having to spend money , " she told CNN . "  It 's not about the retail . " And that 's echoed by users of the library , many of whom are near-evangelical about its appeal . Alex Steffen , a Seattle resident and founder of green Web site Worldchanging.com , told CNN , "  I 'm very impressed by the library here and the way that people have really taken it on as something of their own . " "  They go to events there , hang out , talk and have coffee . It has seemed to work as one of the centers of community life here in Seattle . " In the future , Deborah L. Jacobs hopes that use of Seattle 's libraries will grow . "  I 'd like to see people continue to gain a cultural , educational or personal joy , " she said . "  I 'd like to see the hundreds of thousands of children who use our library enter school more ready to learn ; I 'd like to see people who are afraid of computers learn how to use them . I 'd just like to take everything we 're doing and do it even better . " And she offers this advice to anyone inspired to start a similar campaign : "  Really make sure that you know what your vision is . Engage people including the staff and the public , and be very clear with your architects . And remember that you have the moral superiority of client , whether you 're doing your kitchen or a public building . " ... . Should public money be used to create eyecatching public spaces ? Do you hang out at the library or the mall ? Share your stories and read what others have to say in the forum . E-mail to a friend	Seattle 's "  city of readers " voted for $ 280m library program City 's Rem Koolhaas-designed Central Library draws 8,000 visitors a day Building incorporates cutting-edge design , sustainability By early 2008 , Seattle will have 27 new or improved libraries
CNN  -- The latest prediction for the 2009 Atlantic hurricane season agrees with three previous ones , forecasting a season that will be at least a bit milder than last year 's . Last year 's most destructive hurricane , Ike , tossed boats onto the shore in Bayton , Texas , in September . AccuWeather is the most recent organization to release its outlook , predicting Wednesday that the season , which runs from June 1 to November 30 , will bring 13 named storms and eight hurricanes . In 2008 , there were 16 named storms and eight hurricanes , five of which were major -- that is , classified as Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson scale of storm intensity -- with winds of 111 mph or higher . The three previous forecasts were released in December by Colorado State University  14 named storms , seven hurricanes  , WSI Corp.  13 named storms , seven hurricanes  and Weather Research Center  seven named storms , four hurricanes  . Storms acquire a name when they are designated tropical storms , with sustained maximum winds of at least 39 mph . Though they foresee fewer storms than last year , all the forecasts except the one from the Weather Research Center would translate into an above-average season . According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , a "  normal " Atlantic season has 11 named storms , six hurricanes and two major hurricanes . NOAA wo n't release its predictions until closer to the start of the season . And the forecasts already made are likely to be updated as June draws near . AccuWeather projected that four of the hurricanes in 2009 will hit the U.S. East Coast or Gulf Coast , and one of those will be a Category 3 . Joe Bastardi , AccuWeather 's chief long-range forecaster , wrote on the company 's Web site that this year 's "  storms may be more likely to form in the Atlantic Basin closer to the coast , and the possibility of a major hurricane making landfall in the U.S. can not be ruled out . " WSI , on its Web site , said its predictions for 2009 stemmed from the expected continuation of "  warmer-than-normal Atlantic Ocean temperature anomalies into next summer and fall , and the likelihood of a favorable or neutral wind shear environment associated with the lack of an El Nio event . " El Nio is a fluctuation in the ocean-atmosphere system in the tropical Pacific that can impact global weather . Last year was considered the fourth busiest Atlantic hurricane year since 1944 . The National Climatic Data Center said 2008 was "  the only year on record in which a major hurricane existed in every month from July through November in the north Atlantic . " The most destructive was Hurricane Ike , which wiped out neighborhoods in parts of Texas . Even a week later , its remnants were still having an impact on the Great Lakes region . Two other hurricanes made landfall in the United States last year -- Dolly and Gustav . Neither was a major hurricane at the time it came ashore .	AccuWeather forecast joins three others predicting milder hurricane season Latest forecast : 13 named storms , 8 hurricanes in 2009 Atlantic season Predictions likely to be tweaked closer to the season , June 1 to November 30 Last year was fourth busiest Atlantic hurricane season since 1944
Athens , Greece  CNN  Alexis Tsipras is the man of the moment , the poster child of Greece 's new left , the firebrand leader of anti-austerity party Syriza . In his fine suits , he cuts a dashing figure , and at 40 , he 's considered young to be a political leader . But for many on the streets of Athens it 's his words that matter -- his promise of "  No more bailouts , no more submission , no more blackmailing . " It 's a message of hope that resonates with those across this country , hardened by years of the EU 's bitter medicine : Austerity . Greece was among the nations hardest-hit by the global financial crisis ; a deeply-troubled economy , widespread unemployment and civil unrest meant that back in 2010 the country was teetering on the brink of exit from the euro , labeled the sick man of Europe . But the prescription handed down by the Troika -- the International Monetary Fund , European Commission and European Central Bank -- was always going to be difficult to swallow : tax hikes , a freeze on state pensions , bans on early retirement and deep cuts in government salaries , in return for a $ 240 billion bailout . Five years on and the Greek economy is starting to recover . Last year , it came out of recession ; this year the country 's GDP is expected to grow 0.7 % . But some fear the years spent locked in a straitjacket of debt and stagnation may have done more harm than good . There is widespread unemployment , with 27 % of the population out of work , industrial production has shrunk 30 % and three million people live on or below the poverty line . For many here , austerity has only led to hardship , and caused unbearable strains that are visible on faces across the city . Over instant coffee at his house on the outskirts of Athens , Nikos , 58 , says his world has been turned upside down since losing his job in 2009 . He has been unemployed ever since . "  I used to have money in my pocket , and now , I have nothing , " he explains . "  I was supposed to get my pension next year and now that has been pushed back by two years . Just put yourself in my position . " The initial frustration he felt has turned to anger . His pride has also been battered ; to get by , he has had to ask his mother to share her pension -- not easy for a man who had always been the breadwinner . Now , he and his four grown-up sons depend on his wife Valentina . But her wages , which have been slashed by 55 % , are not enough to feed everyone , leaving her with a tough decision : help the family or pay taxes . "  Who to help first ? They are four . I do n't buy anything for myself so that I can help them . I had to pay $ 260 in taxes , and I only earn $ 800 . So I have n't paid the taxes and gave the money to my son to help him with his rent , " she explains . The family 's desperation has only been exacerbated by their disenchantment with politicians and their policies : since 2005 , Greece has had six Prime Ministers , each one vowing to bring an end to the crisis ; each one promising jobs and growth . But nothing , Nikos says , has changed . So , he and his wife are gambling on Greece 's left-wing Syriza party , their pledge to bring an end to austerity , and their message that "  hope is coming " . Angry and frustrated , Nikos insists : "  Things ca n't get any worse with a new government . And if they do , we 'll vote again for someone else . "  Have politicians ever asked an unemployed citizen when he wakes up in the morning and who has a family , if this person has a single euro , or $ 5 , in his pocket to buy a carton of milk to feed his children ? " he asks . "  I do n't trust any of them . " For now , Nikos and Valentina are placing their trust in Syriza and its leader Alexis Tsipras , who has promised to raise the minimum wage , re-hire public sector workers , reduce taxes and tackle the country 's "  silent humanitarian crisis " . But Tsipras 's boldest pledge -- and the one that is making the rest of Europe nervous -- is his promise to renegotiate the terms of the Greek bailout deal . At Syriza 's last rally before Sunday 's general election , I asked the party 's finance spokesman George Stathakis what they will do if they ca n't see eye-to-eye with Europe . "  What we are arguing -LSB- for -RSB- with our European partners is a new arrangement that will remove part of the public debt burden on the Greek economy and at the same time allow Greece to get back to work , " he says . In other words , they want to stay in the single currency but with more fiscal leeway -- a breathing space of sorts , so the country can recover from its "  economic coma , " and begin to grow again . Both working-class and middle-class voters -- and both public and private sector workers -- have voiced support for this call . Computer developer Stathis Papachristou says he has always voted for the conservatives , but having seen his wages slashed and his taxes increase -- and as the father of a newborn baby , he 's voting for change this time around . "  Syriza does n't express 100 % my opinions and I 'm not level with what they believe and what they want to do , but I believe its something new , a new party with fresh ideas that is going to change what is already rotten , " he explains . There is no doubt that anger and austerity have fueled the rise of Syriza in a country whose citizens are calling for social and economic change . But -- if he is elected -- the question of whether Tsipras can make a difference to Greece will depend on what he does with his power , and how the EU and its leaders deal with him . Whatever the outcome of Sunday 's polls , the hard work , it seems , is just beginning .	Greek voters went to the polls on Sunday in a snap election Alexis Tsipras , leader of the left-wing anti-austerity Syriza party , declared victory for his party Since 2005 , Greece has had six Prime Ministers , each one promising to bring an end to crisis
CNN  -- While the nation wrestled with the aftermath of a shooting in Colorado that left 12 people dead , a Twitter account for the National Rifle Association had this to say : "  Good morning , shooters . Happy Friday ! Weekend plans ? " That tweet was posted at 9:20 a.m. ET on Friday by an account for "  American Rifleman , " the official NRA journal . The group , which advocates for gun owners , appeared to have been pulled down from the Internet as of about 12:30 p.m. ET Friday . Shooting turns movie into surreal horror "  A single individual , unaware of events in Colorado , tweeted a comment that is being completely taken out of context , " NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam said in a comment issued to CNN . Theater shooting unfolds in real time on social media He also said : "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims , their families and the community . NRA will not have any further comment until all the facts are known . " Online , Twitter users rushed to criticize the post as insensitive , since it followed the overnight shooting at a theater in Aurora , Colorado , during a showing of the new Batman movie . Aspiring sports reporter feared dead in shooting "  Perhaps NRA should read news before tweeting , " @ambermac wrote on Twitter . "  This is a real tweet today from an official NRA account . Oblivious , " wrote Max Fisher , an associate editor at The Atlantic . Some people speculated that the advocacy group , which opposes gun-control legislation , scheduled the tweet to publish before the movie-theater shooting had occurred . The tweet was posted via Hootsuite , an app that lets Web publishers schedule tweets to go out automatically at a later date or time . "  Scheduled tweets can be dangerous , " wrote @B2BMarketingVP . It turned out , however , that the tweet was posted by someone who had n't seen news of the mass shooting . Are you there ? Share your story on CNN iReport and post tributes to the victims .	National Rifle Association sends ill-timed tweet after Colorado shooting "  Good morning , shooters . Happy Friday ! " wrote one of the group 's accounts Tweet was widely criticized as insensitive given the overnight shooting that killed 12
Congress is on pace to have its least productive year in modern history , earning a "  do-nothing " label and adding another unwanted statistic to a body already facing chronically low approval ratings . Cue the blame game . "  To date , the House has passed nearly 150 bills this Congress that the United States Senate has failed to act on , " Republican Speaker John Boehner argued Wednesday . "  The Senate  and  the President continue to stand in the way of the people 's priorities . " Democrats are tossing responsibility right back in the GOP 's lap , arguing that hardline House conservatives are blocking legislative progress . Meanwhile , America 's national legislature is growing increasingly dysfunctional . No deal , but sides said to be closer on budget deal So far , 56 bills have been signed into law in the first session of the 113th Congress . Assuming legislators do n't pick up the pace next year -- and the smart money says they wo n't as the midterms draw near -- this will become the least productive Congress in at least the last 40 years , according to a CNN analysis of congressional records . Is the fact that fewer bills have become law necessarily a bad thing ? That depends on your point of view . But representatives and senators on both sides of the aisle readily acknowledge that some major issues have not been addressed . GOP obstruction of Obamacare is closing hospitals Congress has n't passed a budget , among other things . None of the 12 annual spending bills has made it to the President 's desk . We do n't have a new farm bill . Immigration reform is stalled . Tax and entitlement reform are dead in the water . Adding insult to injury , in October the federal government had its first partial shutdown in nearly two decades . The most important issue in Washington political circles , naturally , is who 's responsible . Democrats point out that roughly one-third of the 148 bills passed by the GOP-controlled House so far this year were attempts to repeal , delay or defund Obamacare that had zero chance of passing the Senate or surviving a certain presidential veto . Washington could still screw up your holidays More than a dozen of those measures were also partisan , piecemeal spending bills passed during the government shutdown that had no chance of being signed into law . Some of them had nothing to do with major issues at all , such as the bills renaming courthouses in Sherman , Texas , and Fergus Falls , Minnesota . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has called the House GOP a bunch of "  modern-day anarchists . " But Republicans argue that Democrats are standing in the way of priorities such as entitlement reform . Democrats are standing in the way of a major overhaul of the tax code , they insist . While both the House and the Senate passed farm bills , Democrats are blocking much-needed changes to the country 's agriculture laws , Republicans say . As is usually the case in Washington , your opinion of which party is to blame is probably determined by which party you belong to . Meanwhile , Democrats and Republicans are growing more ideologically distant by the day . And that is a recipe for gridlock . Opinion : Here 's something Congress could actually do	Congress is on track to have its least productive year in recent history Boehner blames the Democratic Senate , White House , cites 148 House-passed bills Many targeted Obamacare , dealt with shutdown with no chance of passage Democrats blame House conservatives for impeding legislative progress
CNN  -- The Republican National Convention is kicking off in full force Tuesday in the Twin Cities -- the first time the GOP has held a presidential convention there since 1892 . Laura Bush and Cindy McCain speak at a shortened first day of the Republican National Convention Monday . The convention , delayed briefly when Hurricane Gustav hit the Gulf Coast , is also being held later in the year than any nominating convention in history . Check out these tidbits of convention history and political trivia . Location The Republican National Convention is being held in the Xcel Energy Center , the home of the National Hockey League team the Minnesota Wild . To prepare the Xcel center for the GOP convention , workers removed 3,000 seats and installed more than 25 miles of cable Sen. Barack Obama gave his first speech as the Democrats ' presumptive 2008 presidential nominee at the Xcel Center on June 3 . The Twin Cities and Denver have each received $ 50 million each in federal funds for convention security . No Republican since Richard Nixon has carried Minnesota in a presidential general election -- the longest Democratic streak of any state in the nation . The Delegates About 2,300 delegates and 2,200 alternates delegates are expected to journey to the twin cities for the event , and the Minneapolis/St . Paul economy is expected to benefit to the tune of $ 150 to $ 160 million . The Candidates , past and present John McCain turned 72 last week ; if elected , he 'll be the oldest president sworn in to a first term . Two GOP presidential nominees were older than McCain ; Ronald Reagan was 73 in 1984 when he was running for his second term and Bob Dole was 73 in 1996 . Dole lost that election to Bill Clinton . John McCain was a prisoner of war in Vietnam from 1967 to 1973 ; his service awards include the Silver Star , the Bronze Star , the Legion of Merit and a Purple Heart . McCain 's father and grandfather were both U.S. Navy admirals ; they were the first father and son to achieve that rank . McCain represented Arizona in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1983 to 1987 ; he has served in the U.S. Senate since 1987 . McCain was the presidential nominating speaker in 1996 for Sen. Robert Dole . McCain clinched the Republican presidential nomination on March 4 after winning 26 primary season contests . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is the second woman to serve on a major party ticket -- in 1984 Democratic vice presidential nominee Geraldine Ferraro was the first woman to serve on a major party ticket . Palin is the first woman to serve as Alaska governor ; she was elected in 2006 , winning the election to the governorship as a maverick reformer willing to distance herself from the Republican Party . McCain first met Palin at the National Governors Association meeting in Washington in February of 2008 . Conventions National political conventions were covered on radio for the first time in 1924 , and covered on television for the first time since 1948 . 2008 marks the fourth time the parties have held back-to-back conventions ; it also happened in 1912 , 1916 and 1956 . The longest convention in history was the 1924 Democratic convention in New York -- It lasted 17 days . The shortest convention in history was the 1872 Democratic convention in Baltimore -- it only lasted six hours .	McCain was the presidential nominating speaker in 1996 for Sen. Robert Dole 2008 marks the fourth time the parties have held back-to-back conventions No Republican since Nixon has carried Minnesota in a presidential general election If McCain is elected he 'll be the oldest president sworn in to a first term
CNN  -- General Eric Shinseki , one of the finest soldiers of his generation , performed a final act of service for his country when he fell on his sword . It was a sad moment but , as a life-long patriot , he knew he had to resign as secretary of Veterans Affairs . As good an officer as he was , he could no longer expect to lead his huge department , a bureaucracy second in size only to Defense and representing nearly 15 % of the entire federal civilian work force . Evidence has been piling up that he and his top lieutenants knew shockingly little about misdeeds within the department , despite years of negative reports . And he was rapidly losing the confidence of Congress , the public and most importantly , veterans . Now , attention can rightly expand from investigations of the past -- though they must go on -- to how to fix the future . A White House that has hardly covered itself with glory needs to get on top of the problem and stay aggressively there . The place to start is to appoint a world-class leader to run the place and recruit a squad of young , talented veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan as a personal support team . Unfortunately , the best person in the country to run the VA is the least available : Robert Gates . No one knows more or as has been more effective in running large , massive public institutions than Gates . He was not only superb at running the CIA but was then successful in running Texas A&M  the seventh-largest university in the country  and went on to serve with great distinction as secretary of defense , winding down two wars for Presidents Bush and Obama . Borger : Obama defeated by bureaucracy ? But Gates is now happy in retirement in Washington state , thousands of miles away from Washington , D.C. . If you have seen him on a book tour , you may have noticed the neck brace he had to wear for a few months . He jokes that one morning over breakfast he told his wife he was thinking of returning to D.C. and the next thing he knew , he woke up in the hospital with a broken neck . The point is that the VA desperately needs a leader who can overhaul an agency notoriously resistant to change , someone who knows a lot about military culture . After Gates , the next best choice is likely to be his last deputy at DOD , Ashton Carter .  Disclosure : Carter is a friend and esteemed colleague from the Kennedy School .  Carter won very high marks among civilians and military as deputy secretary , the person who "  runs the building . " The White House may also find a retired four-star general who would be a good fit ; retired Gen. John Allen , whom the President tapped to help out with negotiations in the Middle East , quickly comes to mind . But the roster of people who would be strong choices is actually quite limited , so the search must be relentlessly tough-minded . Even so , this is not a one-person job . A new secretary will need reinforcements . There are none better than some of the veterans who have come back from Iraq and Afghanistan , peeled off their uniforms , and volunteered to continue their service as civilians -- rightful heirs of the World War II generation . A smart White House would recruit some of the best among them and put them to work fixing the VA in some imaginative way -- possibly in full-time stints , possibly in consulting teams . An obvious candidate as leader : Lt. Cmdr. Eric Greitens , a Rhodes Scholar , Navy SEAL , veteran of several tours , best-selling author , founder of the veterans group , The Mission Continues  I serve on its board  . In recent years , I have had the privilege of teaching a number of veterans who have pursued graduate degrees at Harvard . They are extraordinarily talented and ready to help . Start with Maura Sullivan , for example : Northwestern undergrad , Marine officer in Iraq , graduate of the Harvard Business School and Kennedy School , now rising in leadership ranks at PepsiCo and serving on a federal veterans advisory board . Top talent is ready and willing . Why not ask them for help ? Iraq and Afghanistan veterans have had too little voice in the VA. . It 's time to call on the best to serve their country again .	David Gergen : An admirable Shinseki performed selfless act of service be resigning VA post VA needs world-class leader with support team of ex-servicemen and women , he says Gergen : It 's a narrow field of qualified . Ashton Carter . retired General John Allen would be good Gergen Most crucial is recruiting top-flight veterans who can help imaginatively pull VA into shape
Gov. Chris Christie has long made it clear that he holds sharp disdain for Washington . In fact , he finds it so unappealing , he 'd rather drown himself than serve in Congress . Speaking at the New Jersey NAACP conference on Saturday , the second term Republican governor emphasized that he never plans on running for office in New Jersey again . Most think Congress is worst in their lifetime "  The only job left for me to run for is United States Senate , and let me just say this : I would rather die than be in the United States Senate . Okay ? I would be bored to death , " Christie , who 's considering a 2016 presidential bid , said to laughs from the audience . "  Can you imagine me bangin ' around that chamber with 99 other people ? Asking for a motion on the amendment in the subcommittee ? Forget it . It would be over , everybody . You 'd watch me just walk out and walk right into the Potomac River and drown . That 'd be it . " Christie says again he 'd love to run the Mets Christie gets compassionate as he eyes 2016	Gov. Chris Christie says he 's not running for office again in New Jersey . The only job he would run for is the U.S. Senate , but he 'd "  rather die " than serve in Congress .
CNN  -- A writer commissioned to help launch a new "  Adventures of Superman " digital comics series is drawing controversy for the comics ' publisher not for his perception of the Man of Steel , but for his perception of marriage -- specifically , his opposition to same-sex marriage . Science fiction writer Orson Scott Card has been commissioned by longtime "  Superman " publisher DC Comics to write a two-part story launching its new "  Adventures of Superman " digital series . Card is perhaps best known for the classic 1985 sci-fi novel "  Ender 's Game , " but he also has sparked controversy with his outspoken criticism of homosexuality and same-sex marriage . "  Just because you give legal sanction to a homosexual couple and call their contract a ` marriage ' does not make it a marriage , " Card wrote in a 2004 essay titled "  Homosexual ` Marriage ' and Civilization . " The essay concluded , " ... either civilized people will succeed in establishing a government that protects the family ... or the politically correct barbarians will have complete victory over the family -- and , lacking the strong family structure on which civilization depends , our civilization will collapse or fade away . " News that Card would be among writers on the new "  Adventures of Superman " digital comics prompted marriage-equality group AllOut.org to launch a petition drive aimed at DC Comics . "  By hiring Orson Scott Card despite his anti-gay efforts you are giving him a new platform and supporting his hate , " reads the petition -- now with nearly 12,000 signatures , according to the group . Card is no stranger to comic-book writing . He has written for Marvel Comics , penning series such as "  Ultimate Iron Man " and comics based on his own "  Ender 's Game " among others . The new "  Adventures of Superman " is not DC Comics ' long-running , flagship "  Superman " comic books but an ongoing digital anthology series of short stories about the hero that will be written by various authors . DC Comics , a division of Time Warner , the parent company of CNN , issued a statement Wednesday defending its decision to include Card among the writers . "  As content creators we steadfastly support freedom of expression , however the personal views of individuals associated with DC Comics are just that -- personal views -- and not those of the company itself , " the statement said . Card declined to comment to CNN . Mitch Cutler , whose store , St. Mark 's Comics has been open in New York City 's East Village neighborhood for nearly 30 years , seemed to agree . "  Someone did tweet to us about boycotting the series , but since the first day  we opened  we have been committed to carrying everything we can in comics , " Cutler said . "  I 'm sure right now on the shelves there is content I might not necessarily agree with . So while I understand Mr. Card may have advocated things that might upset people , it would be very uncharacteristic of us to refuse to carry something for that reason . " Jermaine Exum who manages Acme Comics in Greensboro , North Carolina -- the city where Card lives -- has a slightly different reason for deciding to carry the comics . "  Our main focus is that other creators are working on this , " including artists like Jeff Parker who has ties to Acme , Exum said . "  The public is running away with the Orson Scott Card story , but I do n't want to short-change these other people working on the series . " Phil Jimenez , an openly gay writer and comic-book artist who has worked on "  Astonishing X-men , " "  Captain America Corps , " "  The Amazing Spiderman " and more , is not OK with the decision , and believes Card 's stance on homosexuality and same-sex marriage takes away certain people 's civil rights . "  I 'm encouraging people not to buy his work because when they do they actively support a foully bigoted man who uses his power and influence to affect public policy , " Jimenez tweeted . Brian Brown , president of the National Organization for Marriage , which has actively campaigned against same-sex marriage efforts and which counts Card as a member of its board of directors , says protesting Card 's comics is un-American . "  For a movement that says it 's focused on civil rights , it 's surprising that supporters of gay marriage want to attack an opposing viewpoint and become violent , " Brown told CNN . The decision to include Card comes at a time when the world of comics , while sometimes still criticized for over-sexualizing female characters , has moved to make homosexual characters a big part of storylines . In July 2012 , in the second issue of "  Earth 2 , " a new series in DC Comics ' "  The New 52 , " reimagining of many classic DC characters , Alan Scott , the first Green Lantern is an openly gay man . The series , along with DC 's Batwoman , is up for a 2013 Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation  GLAAD  Media Award . Marvel Comics had its first same-sex wedding in a June 2012 issue of "  Astonishing X-Men " with superhero Northstar -- the first major comic-book character to come out as gay in 1992 -- marrying his longtime partner , Kyle . CNN 's Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley contributed to this report .	Writer Orson Scott Card will pen a new "  Adventures of Superman " digital comics series Card also has written outspoken criticism of homosexuality and same-sex marriage A marriage-equality group launches a petition aimed at the "  Superman " publisher "  You are giving him a new platform and supporting his hate , " says the petition
CNN  -- The mother of South African model Reeva Steenkamp expressed "  disbelief " over dismissal of murder charges against the man who killed her daughter . A judge found Oscar Pistorius guilty Friday of culpable homicide , which is akin to negligent killing . The conviction came a day after Judge Thokozile Masipa cleared him of murder -- premeditated or otherwise -- in Steenkamp 's death . In her first comments since the verdict , June Steenkamp said Pistorius got off too easy for her daughter 's killing . "  I just do n't feel like this is the right sentence ... they believe his story , and I do n't believe that story , " June Steenkamp told NBC News . She said she was not ready to talk to Pistorius during the trial , but wants to meet him now in private . "  This verdict is not justice for Reeva , I just want the truth , " she told NBC News . Pistorius , 27 , has always admitted firing the bullets that killed Steenkamp , 29 , his girlfriend at the time of the shooting on Valentine 's Day last year . He has maintained he thought there was an intruder at the house . "  She died a horrible death , a horrible , painful , terrible death and she suffered , you know ? I ca n't believe that they believe that it was an accident , " June Steenkamp said . ` Do n't care what happens to Oscar ' During the trial that lasted about six months and transfixed the world with its grisly details , Pistorius pleaded not guilty to murdering her , saying it was a tragic mistake . Masipa said she believes Pistorius did not intend to kill his girlfriend . He thought he was defending himself from an intruder , she said while issuing the verdict Friday . There is no minimum sentence for culpable homicide in South African law , so it will be up to the judge to decide . He 's free on bail until his sentencing starts on October 13 . "  I really do n't care what happens to Oscar , " June Steenkamp said . "  It 's not going to change anything because my daughter is never coming back . He 's still living and breathing and she 's gone , you know , forever . " ` No victors ' Shortly after the verdict , Pistorius ' uncle said they were relieved that he was convicted of a lesser charge . However , there were "  no victors " in the case , Arnold Pistorius said . "  It wo n't bring Reeva back , but our hearts still go out for her family and friends , " he said . Pistorius ' uncle declined to comment further , citing respect for the victim 's family . Gun charges Pistorius ' verdict also dealt with three other charges , all weapons-related . Pistorius was found not guilty of two -- a car sunroof shooting incident and illegal possession of ammunition found at his house after Steenkamp 's shooting . The judge found Pistorius guilty of the third : a charge involving a shooting at a restaurant . The maximum penalty for that is five years behind bars . But he could get a lesser sentence , such as a fine or the loss of his gun license . There were no fatalities in the sunroof and restaurant shootings . Dismissal of murder charges Masipa said the prosecution failed to prove its case that Pistorius and Steenkamp argued on the night of the killing , and that the Olympic track star shot her in a rage through a closed toilet door . Testimony of neighbors who said they heard shouting , screaming and shots was not persuasive , the judge said . She believed media coverage had contaminated testimonies , and neighbors ' stories did not match the timings on phone records the night of the killing . Before the shooting , Pistorius was admired worldwide for competing against able-bodied athletes in the 2012 Olympics despite having his lower legs amputated at a young age . He runs with carbon fiber prosthetics . Who was Reeva Steenkamp ? CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : June Steenkamp says she 's ready to talk to Pistorius in private , NBC News says "  This verdict is not justice for Reeva , I just want the truth , " victim 's mother says Oscar Pistorius ' uncle says his family is relieved , but there are "  no victors " Judge grants Pistorius bail ; sentencing starts on October 13
The world 's oldest known Holocaust survivor has died at age 110 , her grandson told CNN Sunday . Alice Herz-Sommer , a talented musician and pianist , lived alone in her London flat , according to a 2014 Oscar nominated documentary about her extraordinary life . "  My world is music . I 'm not interested in doing anything else , " she said in "  The Lady in Number 6 : Music Saved My Life . " Originally from Prague in what was then Czechoslovakia , Herz-Sommer was imprisoned at the Theresienstadt concentration camp during World War II . It was music that saved her . She and others performed concerts that entertained the Nazis . "  I knew that we will play , " Herz-Sommer told the filmmakers . "  And I was thinking when we can play it ca n't be so terrible . The music , the music ! The music is the first place of art . It brings us on an island with peace , beauty and love . " Theresienstadt was a ghetto-labor camp to which the SS deported and then incarcerated certain categories of German , Austrian , and Czech Jews , based on their age , disability as a result of past military service , or domestic celebrity in the arts and other cultural life , according to the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum . Herz-Sommer "  grew up in a cultured and loving family which was part of the German-speaking Czech-Jewish assimilated society , " the documentary 's website says . Her mother was a playmate of composer Gustav Mahler and as a child Herz-Sommer often played with German-language novelist Franz Kafka who came to her home for Sunday lunch . Herz-Sommer was living in Prague when she received her deportation summons from the Nazis , the documentary site explains . Her mother and husband had already been transported to Auschwitz where they were gassed , the site says . Both Herz-Sommer and her 5-year-old son , it says , were sent to the Theresienstadt camp . "  As an adult Raffi had remarkably few dark memories of the camp , " according to the filmmakers . The son said that his mother somehow "  managed to protect him from the worst realities of life at the mercy of the Nazis . " Herz-Sommer and her son returned to Prague after being liberated by the Soviet Army in May of 1945 , according to the film . A clip on the site shows Herz-Sommer laughing , something she did a lot of in her later years . Her family surrounded her at her bedside before she died Sunday , her grandson Ariel Sommer told CNN . "  Much has been written about her , but to those of us who knew her best , she was our dear ` Gigi . ' "  She loved us , laughed with us , and cherished music with us , " he wrote . "  She was an inspiration and our world will be significantly poorer without her by our side . We mourn her loss and ask for privacy in this very difficult moment . "	Alice Herz-Sommer and her son were sent to a concentration camp during WWII A talented pianist , she survived by playing for the Nazis at the camp "  My world is music , " she said in a 2014 Oscar-nominated documentary about her life
Madrid  CNN  -- The alleged leader of an Islamic militant cell in Spain who escaped arrest in June when eight of his suspected colleagues were detained has been taken into custody , the Spanish Interior Ministry said Monday . The suspect , Yassin Ahmed Laarbi , a Spaniard , was arrested Monday in the Spanish enclave of Ceuta on Morocco 's north coast , where the eight other suspects also were detained on June 21 , an Interior Ministry statement said . The suspected cell was "  a structure based in Spain , with connections in Morocco , Belgium , Turkey and Syria , dedicated to radicalizing , recruiting and sending mujahedeen  fighters  to Syria with the aim of conducting jihad and achieving martyrdom , " according to a court order issued in June . In that order , Judge Ismael Moreno of Spain 's National Court ruled that the eight suspected Islamic militants should remain in prison on preliminary charges alleging membership in a terrorist group . The group has connections to the Jabhat al-Nusra front , described as an active al Qaeda group in and around Syria , and to the Iraq Islamic State in Iraq , but "  there are increasing references to carrying out jihad at home , " the judge warned at the time , referring to potential attacks in Spain . Read more : Spain arrests suspects linked to al Qaeda The eight suspects sent at least 12 Spanish or Moroccan males , from both Ceuta and Morocco , to fight in Syria , the judge wrote . At least five died in suicide attacks in Syria that caused numerous casualties . One of the males was a minor ; it was not immediately clear if he was among those who had died . Some of the eight suspects intended to go to Syria , the judge added . Monday 's Interior Ministry statement said that Laarbi also "  was a candidate to join up with those terrorist groups in Syria . " He was not at his home June 21 when the other suspects were arrested , the statement said . The judge 's order in June identified the suspected leader as Spaniard Karin Abdeselam Mohamed , 39 . But the Interior Ministry statement on Monday said Laarbi was the "  suspected maximum leader " of the cell . Spanish police in June said the suspected cell was based in Ceuta and in the nearby Moroccan city of Fnideq . Ceuta is an autonomous city of Spain that borders Morocco .	Eight other suspected colleagues were arrested in June Suspected leader of cell taken into custody in Spanish enclave of Ceuta on Morocco coast Suspects have sent fighters into Syria , court order says
CNN  -- Analysts say the slaying of one of Latin America 's best-known folk singers over the weekend shines a spotlight on problems with deep roots in Guatemala : violence , impunity and the pervasive presence of organized crime "  It shows how far these groups have infiltrated . ... It 's a very large blow first of all to the country 's image , and secondly to its government , " said Miguel Castillo , a professor of political science at the University of Francisco Marroquin in Guatemala City . Gunmen ambushed Argentinian folk singer Facundo Cabral when he was on his way to the airport in the nation 's capital Saturday , authorities said . As investigators continued searching for suspects Monday , the high-profile shooting drew increasing attention throughout Latin America , where Cabral gained fame as a protest singer who pushed for peace . "  The Guatemalan people are quite shocked and outraged , and we have to face the situation like others we have faced in a country that is fighting to get out of this state of violence that has hit us so hard , " Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom said in an interview Monday with Mexico 's MVS Radio . Corruption and violence are high in Guatemala , according to the United Nations , which created a committee in 2006 to investigate those issues there . More than 200,000 people have been killed in Guatemala since 1970 , mostly as a result of organized crime , drug-trade violence and a 36-year civil war that ended in 1996 . Violence in Guatemala drew international attention in May after investigators found the bodies of 27 dismembered and decapitated workers on a farm in a northern border province -- brutal evidence of what officials and analysts said is a dramatic spike in violence across the region as Mexican drug cartels expand their reach . Colom Monday attributed Cabral 's killing to "  organized crime , " telling MVS Radio that evidence indicated the Nicaraguan businessman driving him to the airport was the attackers ' intended target . But analyst Samuel Logan cautioned that in the run-up to Guatemala 's September elections , government officials may have different motives in describing the situation . "  To say that this famous Argentine musician was n't a target lends credence to the idea that Guatemala 's a safe place to travel for musicians or just in general , " said Logan , the managing director of Southern Pulse , an online information network focused on Latin America . It 's possible that hit-men targeted Cabral , Logan said . "  Groups like Los Zetas have killed people simply for the songs that they sung publicly . My question was , what did he sing ? What was his playlist ? ... It could have been just that simple , " he added . In recent weeks , Guatemalan officials have touted arrests of members of Los Zetas as a sign that they 're cracking down on crime . Cabral 's killing is one of many indications that the government 's efforts have seen limited results , Castillo said . "  The  criminal  organizations ' structures have not been damaged . Yes , there are a few accomplishments , but the long-term impact is n't so large , " he said . Henry Brands , an assistant professor of public policy at Duke University who published an analysis of violence and politics in the Central American country last year , said Cabral 's killing is "  very striking . " "  It makes people sit up and take note , but the fact is that this is really not a new phenomenon in Guatemala , " he said . Drug-fueled organized crime has had a strong presence in the Central American country for decades , he said . "  This is probably a depressingly familiar story for most Guatemalans . ... The single dominant theme of Guatemalan politics is citizen insecurity , " Brands said . "  The basic problem in Guatemala is that the crime is so deeply rooted in the social and institutional structures of the country that it 's going to take a sort of exorcism to solve the problem . " Journalist Patzy Vasquez contributed to this report .	Gunmen ambushed Facundo Cabral in Guatemala City on Saturday Authorities blame organized crime as investigators search for suspects "  It 's a very large blow ... to the country 's image , " one analyst says Corruption and violence are high in Guatemala , according to the United Nations
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov -- the owner of the New Jersey Nets basketball team and one of the world 's richest men -- said Monday that he will run for president of Russia next year . Calling his decision to run for president "  probably the most important decision of my life , " he acknowledged the risks of challenging Russia 's rulers . "  There is saying in Russia : Never say never , anyone can end up behind bars . But I am not afraid , " he said in a press conference in Moscow . Prokhorov , 45 , is worth $ 18 billion , Forbes estimated in March , making him Russia 's third richest man . Profile : Who is Mikhail Prokhorov ? His announcement set off a frenzy of speculation about whether he was running with the Kremlin 's tacit backing , to give the impression there was a genuine contest for president , or whether he really seeks to defeat Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who also says he will run . He told reporters he had not discussed his decision with Putin or President Dmitry Medvedev , state-run news agency RIA Novosti reported . Prokhorov , who has dabbled in opposition politics before , wrote just last week that Putin was the only person who could run the country . "  You may like it or not but Putin is the only person who can somehow manage this ineffective state machine , " he wrote on his LiveJournal blog . A Prokhorov representative declined a CNN interview request on the businessman 's behalf , saying Monday he wanted to focus on communicating with Russians via Russian media . Prokhorov 's Onexim Group has interests in metal , financial services , media , real estate , utilities and high-tech businesses , according to the Nets . He weathered the 2008 global financial meltdown particularly well , and told CNN the following year it was partly due to luck . But , he also said , "  I like business . It 's my profession . I spend , like , 15 hours a day in the office . It 's the great joy in my life . And I never think about money . " He laughed when CNN 's Matthew Chance asked him what he thought of his reputation as a playboy . "  I do n't care . I try to act natural , " he said , adding he had "  no time " to think about having a family . Forbes magazine described him as a "  six-foot-eight bachelor and martial arts buff " in March , when it listed him as the 32nd richest man in the world . Separately , Putin backers demonstrated in support of his government Monday , after enormous crowds protested against the government over the weekend . Tens of thousands turned out Saturday to protest against election results that returned Putin 's United Russia party to power . Police estimated crowds in Moscow at 25,000 , while organizers said it would be 40,000 , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . Either figure would make the protests the largest in the Russian capital for decades . Claiming the results of parliamentary elections were rigged , protesters chanted "  Putin out , " according to RIA Novosti . Protesters also braved freezing temperatures in other Russian cities to demonstrate against what they said was vote fraud . A day after the protests , Medvedev called for a probe into the allegations . "  I agree neither with the slogans nor the statements voiced at the protests , " the statement on Medvedev 's Facebook page said . "  Nevertheless , I have ordered checks into all the reports from polling stations , regarding the compliance with the election laws . " Critics piled ridicule on the Facebook post . "  It 's awful , " Elena Panina wrote . "  Really . He was drunk when he wrote that or he did n't read what he wrote . ... What slogans does our president disagree with ? ` We are for fair elections ? ' " Vladimir Kaganovich said the statement showed Medvedev is in the wrong job . "  The president of the country is n't an individual person and does n't have a right to show his disagreement with dozens of thousands of citizens , " Kaganovich wrote . And he asked what it meant to launch a probe with no investigators and no time limit on the investigation . "  Please forgive me but it I would n't trust you even to manage a group in my department , " Kaganovich wrote . And , addressing the president in the formal Russian manner , Sergey Pavlyuchenko simply wrote : "  Dear Dmitry Anatolievich ! Are you ever ashamed ? " Putin 's United Russia party suffered big losses in the election but retained its parliamentary majority , according to official results . The protesters demanded an annulment of the December 4 election and a new vote . Around 7,000 people rallied in St. Petersburg , Russia 's second largest city , RIA Novosti said , citing police . Hundreds of protesters were arrested during demonstrations last week . Police said they cracked down on those demonstrations because the turnouts were not legal and the protesters were being disorderly . Election officials on Friday released the official election results : 238 seats for United Russia ; 92 seats for the Communists ; 64 seats for Fair Russia ; and 56 seats for the Liberal Democrats . Putin has announced plans to run for president -- the office he used to hold -- when Medvedev 's term expires early next year . CNN 's Arkady Irshenko and Phil Black contributed to this report from Moscow . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene reported from London .	Mikhail Prokhorov concedes he runs the risk of ending up in prison The New Jersey Nets owner is worth $ 18 billion Supporters of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin march to back him Tens of thousands demonstrate against parliamentary election results on Saturday
CNN  -- The affair that brought an end to David Petraeus ' tenure as CIA director came to light during an FBI investigation into a complaint that his biographer Paula Broadwell was sending harassing e-mails to another woman close to him , a U.S. official said Saturday . During the investigation , other communications surfaced between Petraeus and Broadwell , a married mother of two , according to the official . The official did not identify the woman who made the initial complaint and did not know the nature of her relationship with Petraeus . The FBI interviewed Petraeus in the course of its inquiry , said the official , who stressed that the CIA director was never the target of the investigation and his communications were never compromised . The official did not know whether Broadwell was interviewed . The official did not have an exact timeframe for the investigation and could not say if it is still ongoing . CNN has not been able to reach Broadwell for comment . The Obama administration first learned of the affair in a phone call from the FBI to Director of National Intelligence James Clapper at 5 p.m. on election night , according to a senior U.S. intelligence official . On Saturday , questions arose about why congressional leaders were not informed of the investigation immediately . According to a congressional aide familiar with the matter , the House and Senate intelligence committees were n't informed that there was an FBI investigation into the situation until Friday . "  The committees are required to be kept informed of significant intelligence activities , " the aide said Saturday . "  If there was an official investigation that was looking , at least in part , at information that was compromising the CIA director , then I think there 's a solid argument to say that the committee leadership should have been notified to at least some level of detail . " The resignation also comes days before Petraeus was slated to testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee about the September 11 attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya . The attack , in which four Americans were killed , became a point of contention during the presidential campaign . Some have even suggested that the timing of Petraeus ' stepping down is suspect , given the expected grilling in Congress . Acting CIA Director Michael Morell will testify instead . Politicians react to the resignation "  Director Petraeus ' frank and forthright letter of resignation stands on its own , " said a senior U.S. official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the topic . "  Any suggestion that his departure has anything to do with criticism about Benghazi is completely baseless . " Homeland Security Committee Chairman Rep. Peter King , R-New York , who is also a member of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , insisted that Petraeus should not back out of plans to testify . King , a vocal critic of the Obama administration 's handling of the Benghazi attack , said on CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " that Petraeus is "  an absolutely essential witness , maybe more than anybody else . " "  David Petraeus ' testifying has nothing to do with whether or not he 's still the CIA director , and I do n't see how the CIA can say he 's not going to testify , " King said . "  I think his testimony is certainly valuable , it 's certainly necessary , " King continued . "  He was at the center of this , and he has answers that only he has . " If Petraeus does not testify as originally scheduled on Thursday , King said , "  It should be very soon after that . " How Petraeus changed the U.S. military Broadwell spent a year with Petraeus in Afghanistan interviewing him for the book she co-wrote , "  All In : The Education of General David Petraeus . " Petraeus ' departure Friday appeared to be an abrupt end to a spectacularly successful career in public service . "  After being married for over 37 years , I showed extremely poor judgment by engaging in an extramarital affair . Such behavior is unacceptable , both as a husband and as the leader of an organization such as ours , " Petraeus said in a letter to colleagues , explaining his decision to step down . "  Teddy Roosevelt once observed that life 's greatest gift is the opportunity to work hard at work worth doing . I will always treasure my opportunity to have done that with you and I will always regret the circumstances that brought that work with you to an end , " he said . Read letter Petraeus sent to colleagues Petraeus , 60 , had a distinguished 37-year career in the military before joining the CIA , helping turn the tide against insurgents while commanding forces in Iraq and Afghanistan . Earning praise from both sides of the political aisle , the retired four-star general took the helm of the CIA in September 2011 . Petraeus met with Obama on Thursday to offer his resignation and explain the circumstances behind it , according to a senior administration official . The president accepted Petraeus ' resignation during a phone call Friday , the official said . "  By any measure , he was one of the outstanding general officers of his generation , helping our military adapt to new challenges and leading our men and women in uniform through a remarkable period of service in Iraq and Afghanistan , where he helped our nation put those wars on a path to a responsible end , " Obama said in a statement . "  As director of the Central Intelligence Agency , he has continued to serve with characteristic intellectual rigor , dedication and patriotism . " Petraeus assumed command of the NATO International Security Assistance Force and U.S. Forces Afghanistan in July 2010 , after serving for more than 20 months as commander of U.S. Central Command . He previously commanded multinational forces in Iraq , leading the so-called surge . The general literally wrote the book on counterinsurgency techniques by overseeing development of the Army/Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Manual . Before his nomination as CIA director , Petraeus was considered the nation 's most well-known and popular military leader since Colin Powell . Petraeus and his wife , Holly , live in Virginia . They have two grown children . CNN 's Carol Cratty , Terry Frieden , Suzanne Kelly and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	A probe into harassing e-mails uncovered communications between Petraeus and his biographer The FBI informed the director of national intelligence of the situation on Election Day Petraeus was never the target of the inquiry , an official says CIA Director Gen. David Petraeus resigned after admitting an affair
CNN  -- Osiel Cardenas Guillen , the former head of a powerful Mexican drug cartel , was sentenced to 25 years in prison and will forfeit to the United States $ 50 million in illegal proceeds , a judge ruled . Cardenas Guillen , 42 , was the leader of the Matamoros , Mexico-based Gulf cartel until his capture in 2003 . He was subsequently extradited to the United States to face drug trafficking charges in 2007 . U.S. District Judge Hilda Tagle handed down the sentence Wednesday , following an earlier guilty plea by the drug kingpin . Under Cardenas Guillen 's leadership , the Gulf cartel was responsible for smuggling thousands of kilograms of cocaine and marijuana into the United States , the FBI said in a news release . Read the original indictment According to the FBI , in 1999 Cardenas Guillen threatened to kill a U.S. undercover sheriff 's deputy . In another incident , he threatened the lives of two U.S. agents . "  The successful prosecution of Cardenas Guillen underscores the joint resolve of the United States and Mexico to pursue and prosecute the leadership of the drug trafficking cartels , dismantle their organizations and end the violence and corruption they have spawned , " U.S. Attorney Jose Angel Moreno said . Cardenas Guillen pleaded guilty to five felony charges , including conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute , conspiracy to launder money and threatening to assault and kill federal agents . Tagle also fined Cardenas Guillen $ 100,000 and ordered him to five years probation once his sentence is served . He is not eligible for parole .	Sentence handed down Wednesday after drug kingpin 's earlier guilty plea FBI : Cardenas Guillen in 1999 threatened to kill an undercover sheriff 's deputy He also threatened the lives of two U.S. agents
CNN  -- There are not many sportsmen who can call themselves "  The Greatest " and not be greeted with ridicule -- former world heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali is one of the few who can lay claim to such unrivaled supremacy . The Kentucky native turned 70 Tuesday , prompting people from across the world to pay tribute to a former boxer who has shown his fighting spirit both inside and outside the ring during an extraordinary life . "  Everything that Ali has done and stood for , you can only aspire to be like him , " Tris Dixon , editor of Boxing News , told CNN . "  He was the king in the biggest and best era of heavyweight champions . " Ali rose to prominence at the 1960 Olympics in Rome , where he won a gold medal in the light heavyweight division fighting under his birth name of Cassius Clay . Hana Ali : My dad , Muhammad Ali After converting to Islam in 1964 , Clay was renamed Muhammad Ali and went on to participate in some of the most memorable contests in the history of sport . Ali 's boxing career is perhaps best remembered for two of his most famous fights against two of his fiercest rivals . In Zaire in October 1974 , Ali upset the odds to reclaim the WBA and WBC world heavyweight titles against George Foreman in a bout dubbed the "  Rumble in the Jungle . " A year later , Ali squared off against the late Joe Frazier for the third time in his career . The fight in the Philippines , known as the "  Thrilla in Manilla , " lasted 14 devastating rounds , with Ali taking glory when Frazier was unable to make the bell at the start of the 15th . But , for Dixon , it was a third-round knockout of Cleveland Williams in a 1966 fight for the world heavyweight title which best displayed Ali 's boxing talents . "  Against Cleveland Williams , that was Ali at his best , " he explained . "  It was utter poetry . It was just immense ... it was punch perfect against a world-class opponent . " Ali eventually retired in 1981 with a record of 56 wins , 37 by knockout , and five losses in 61 bouts . He began an altogether different fight in 1984 , when he was diagnosed with neurological disorder Parkinson 's syndrome . In 1996 , at the age of 54 , Ali provided one of the iconic images of the Atlanta Olympics when he lit the torch to declare the Games open . Ali also received a replacement gold medal for the one he had won 36 years earlier , having thrown the original into the Ohio River after being refused entry to a restaurant . Despite Ali 's advancing years , Dixon claimed his legacy is still as strong and relevant as it has ever been . "  There will never be anyone like Ali , " he said . "  There will be people like Tiger Woods and Michael Jordan who reflect their times , but there will never be someone who means as much to the world and the cultural landscape as much as Ali did . "	Former world heavyweight boxing champion Muhammad Ali celebrates his 70th birthday Tris Dixon , editor of Boxing News , tells CNN there will never be another Ali Ali was involved in some of the most memorable fights in the sport 's history He won the iconic "  Thrilla in Manilla " and "  Rumble in the Jungle " bouts
CNN  -- In this installment of "  The Big Three , " John Avlon , Dean Obeidallah and I discuss the top news in a crowded news week . First , of course , is the Boston Marathon bombing , which shocked and captivated the country . Second , we look at the failure of universal background checks to pass the U.S. Senate despite the support of nearly 90 % of Americans . And third -- on a lighter note -- we note Justin Beiber 's self-absorbed understanding of Anne Frank 's legacy . I was in Boston on Monday when the blasts erupted at the marathon finish line . I arrived at Logan Airport and was scheduled to participate in a panel discussion at Harvard University 's Institute of Politics . As I pulled up to the Kennedy School of Public Policy , the building was being evacuated for bomb threats , and reports -- which later turned out to be false -- of another explosion at the JFK Presidential Library . Boston was , understandably , in a panic . Monday brought back memories of 9/11 for all Americans . In our podcast , we talked about the public reaction to this attack . We cite examples such as liberal radio host Dave Sirota and Rep. Steve King 's polarized projections on the attack and its perpetrators , and look at how and why we 've changed over the past 12 years . Four months after the school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , a bipartisan compromise amendment to secure universal background checks failed in Senate . John and Dean expressed a combination of fury and frustration that the Senate failed to pass a single gun control measure . While I understand their frustration and favor background checks , I 'm wary of passing laws that make us feel safer but do little to actually prevent the next Newtown . On a much lighter note , we decided to take on Justin Beiber 's visit to the Anne Frank house in Amsterdam , inspired by an excellent column Dean wrote for CNN.com . Beiber visited the historic home and Holocaust memorial and wrote in the guest book , "  Anne was a great girl . Hopefully she would have been a Belieber . " This inane bit of Hollywood self-reference reflects the dumbing down of America , courtesy of our obsession with celebrity gossip instead of civics and history . One possible silver lining : This was a teaching moment for thousands of Beliebers who had never heard of Anne Frank . Get a real hero , folks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Margaret Hoover .	CNN Opinion podcast features the "  Big Three " issues on the week Margaret Hoover : Boston Marathon bombing was the top story Hoover : The defeat of a gun-control bill in the Senate irked John and Dean Bieber 's trivializing of Anne Frank reflects a dumbed-down America , Hoover says
Since the start of the government shutdown October 1 , analysts , journalists and experts have been sorting through the claims of Republicans and Democrats about the underlying issues in the budget dispute . Here 's a sampling of pieces published by CNN Opinion : Frida Ghitis : World baffled by America 's self-inflicted wound America 's enemies must be laughing . But most of the world is just baffled , mystified at the sight of the world 's most powerful country tangled in a crippling web of its own making . The government shutdown is weakening the United States before its allies and its foes . It is eroding American standing and prestige while reducing American power and influence . The democracy that once inspired the world now leaves observers perplexed . Read more Bob Greene : Taxpayers , you deserve your money back If we had paid for an airline ticket , and in the middle of our trip the airline informed us that one leg of our journey had been canceled , we would justifiably demand a refund . If we ordered an annual subscription to 52 weeks of a magazine , and then , a few months into it , the magazine told us that its new policy was to publish only 26 issues a year , we would , with good reason , ask for half of our money back . If we paid for a one-year membership in a health club , and the club announced that it would have to close for repairs for three months , we would expect a 25 % refund . So ... exactly when can we expect to see our refund checks from the federal government ? Read more David Gergen : Shutdown could be shock therapy Yes , conservative hard-liners have chosen the wrong place to fight ; arguments over Obamacare are no excuse to shut down the government . Yes , hard-liners like Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , are creating deeper partisan divides . But Democrats can ill afford to continue rejecting any talks or negotiations . Now that the shutdown has happened , Obama has a fresh opportunity -- indeed a fresh responsibility -- to seize the mantle of leadership and get us out of this mess . Instead of just blaming the Republicans , he should call in the leaders of both parties and in Lyndon Johnson fashion , keep 'em talking till they get a deal . Read more Marian Currinder and Josh Huder : Boehner 's bad choices No House speaker wants to go down in history for a legislative record opposed by the majority of his or her own party . And no speaker wants to go down in history for presiding over one of the most unproductive Congresses in history . But these are Boehner 's choices . While -LSB- former Speaker Dennis -RSB- Hastert relied on a majority of the majority , Boehner has had to rely on a minority of the majority , together with a majority of the minority , to pass important legislation . Read more David Rothkopf : Where 's the outrage ? The most stunning thing about this first shutdown of the U.S. government in almost two decades is the degree to which it is a nonevent , considered par for the course given the sad state of affairs in the nation 's capital . Voters may be angry . They may be depressed . But there are no mass demonstrations . Congress ' approval rating may have hit new lows , but beyond that , the response has been a shrug . Read more Thomas Mann : GOP House ca n't claim to speak for America The Affordable Care Act is law . End of story . The House Republicans ' attempt to nullify a duly enacted law violates the norms of our constitutional system . It is reckless economically and an egregious affront to our democratic form of government . Read more Matt Welch : Government shutdown is nothing to worry about So when President Barack Obama says the shutdown will "  throw a wrench into the gears of our economy " and put "  the American people 's hard-earned progress at risk , " it is appropriate to treat such claims with skepticism . As we saw during the run-up to the March 1 sequestration trims in federal spending , politicians are incentivized by self-interest and unconstrained by shame in maximizing the hyperbole about what may happen if their ability to collect and redistribute our money is impeded even a little bit . Read more Theresa Pierno : Parks take the hit for Congress ' failure The closure of America 's crown jewels threatens the livelihood of park businesses , gateway communities and the American families within them , whose economies rely on national parks being open for business . Families , school groups and tourists from around the world who have made plans to visit and enjoy our national heritage will face disappointment . Bar Harbor , Maine , adjacent to Acadia National Park , attracts nearly 10,000 visitors daily in October . The loss of these visitors could be shattering to a community that relies on that final flush of tourism dollars before the steep drop-off in winter ... The federal government shutdown has made a bad situation even worse for our national parks . Over the past three years , the National Park Service 's budget has been cut by 13 % , or about $ 315 million . Read more Dean Obeidallah : 10 % of Americans like Congress -- are they nuts ? When you think that 10 % of Americans believe Congress is doing a good job , you have to ask yourself one question : Who are these people ? ... Congress is so dysfunctional that dictators in other countries are probably pointing at it as an example of why you should never have a democracy . Yet , somehow , about 30 million Americans are looking at what Congress is doing and thinking : "  I like what I see . " If you actually think Congress is doing a good job , something is terribly awry in your life . People in your family need to stage an immediate intervention . Read more Meg Urry : NASA shutdown a blow to science Scientists at NASA and the National Science Foundation are some of the hardest-working people I know . The government shutdown means they are forbidden to do any work . They ca n't take their laptops home or phone into teleconferences from home , the way I might if a hurricane or snowstorm threatened Yale . So , you might think they are having a nice  though unpaid  vacation . But actually , the same work is sitting on their desk when they get back , and it all has to get done . So it means they 'll work longer hours to catch up and for most civil servant scientists , there is no such thing as overtime pay . Read more	CNN commentators assess the impact and causes of the government shutdown Frida Ghitis : The spectacle is baffling to America 's friends , encouraging to its enemies David Gergen : The shutdown is bad , but could have a silver lining if it forestalls default Matt Welch : As in the past , we 'll survive the shutdown without lasting effects
CNN  -- Rain has played havoc with the U.S. Open in New York in recent years but two new retractable roofs mean the weather-related woes will soon be a thing of the past . The United States Tennis Association said Thursday at a news conference in New York that tennis ' largest stadium would benefit from a retractable roof as early as 2016 , bringing the event in line with two other majors that already have cover -- the Australian Open and Wimbledon . A more realistic forecast for that roof is 2017 , though , the USTA said . The USTA added that the tournament 's secondary show court , Louis Armstrong Stadium , would have its own retractable roof by 2018 and has n't ruled out the possibility of covering a third arena at a later stage . The overall cost of the wide ranging project -- which will also include building a new and bigger Louis Armstrong Stadium and Grandstand Court -- is expected to hit $ 550 million , the USTA said . Both of those stadiums are roughly 50 years old . The retractable roof over Arthur Ashe alone is expected to cost in excess of $ 100 million . The men 's governing body in the U.S. will "  self-finance " the project through a combination of bonds and "  USTA revenue generation , " it said in a statement . "  We have been working toward a viable design for a roof on Arthur Ashe Stadium for more than a decade , " USTA chairman and president Dave Haggerty said in the statement . "  Through a long and arduous process , we feel that we now have a design that meets the criteria of being architecturally sound , aesthetically pleasing , reasonably affordable and buildable . " Players including women 's No. 1 Serena Williams welcomed the news , which likely will mean the tournament wo n't enter a 15th day . The previous five editions have seen Monday men 's finals because of rain , in some cases leading to an unfair advantage for one of the participants in the finale . In 2008 , while Roger Federer was already through to the final after completing his semifinal on a Saturday , Andy Murray had to finish his semifinal a day later due to bad weather before contesting the final on the Monday . "  Obviously it 's going to be great , " Williams told reporters in Cincinnati , where she is competing at the Western & Southern Open . "  It 's good to know they 're going for it . "  When I first started playing the Open back in the '90s , it did n't rain and now it rains only on the final weekend . Last four U.S. Opens I 've played , they 've had to change completely the schedule . "  You just got to keep moving with the times , " said Williams , who missed the 2010 U.S. Open due to a foot injury . Murray , however , said having a roof was n't without its negatives . "  I do n't necessarily miss being rained off , but rain delays used to be part of  grand slams  , " Murray told reporters in Cincinnati . "  That 's kind of going away gradually . "  I do n't particularly like going from indoors to outdoors . It 's also so tough . But it 's good for TV . " The USTA has indeed for years looked into having a retractable roof at Arthur Ashe Stadium -- which seats 22,500 fans -- but it was thought the extra weight could n't be supported . Technological and engineering advances have now made the work possible . By the time all the enhancements are completed , it 's anticipated that an extra 10,000 fans per day will be able watch the tennis on site . Tennis ' other major , the French Open , is hoping to have a roof in place for 2018 although that is not guaranteed . Tsonga pulls out of New York Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , meanwhile , is skipping this year 's U.S. Open because of the knee injury that forced him to retire at Wimbledon , he told his website . The entertaining Frenchman was forced to stop against Ernests Gulbis in the second round at the All England Club in June and has n't played since . "  It would be stupid to go there knowing full well that I have no chance because I 'm not prepared enough , " the world No. 8 said . Although he has yet to win a grand slam -- the French men 's drought in singles extends to 30 years -- Tsonga had reached the quarterfinals or better in four of his five majors prior to Wimbledon . He 's optimistic of returning in time for an indoor tournament in France in mid-September . This season 's U.S. Open begins August 26th .	The U.S. Open will have a retractable roof over Arthur Ashe Stadium as early as 2016 The tournament has been affected by rain since 2008 , leading to Monday finals New and bigger second and third show courts will also be constructed on site This year 's tournament will be without Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who pulled out injured
As he watched the presidential debates , Bretton Holmes was irritated . But it was n't the candidates who were getting to him , it was hearing independent voters and undecided voters lumped into the same group . The 35-year-old from Phoenix has registered as an independent since he was 18 . He has voted for Democrats and Republicans over the years . The biggest misconception he hears is this : "  If you 're registered as an independent , that must mean you 're undecided , " he said . "  That 's just an opinion that happens to be very incorrect , " he said . "  Being independent has nothing to do with being undecided . " Living in a two-party country can be tough for this group of voters , but there are more independents these days than ever . Thirty-eight percent of Americans identify themselves as independents , according to a 2012 study on party identification by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press . "  The proportion of independents now equals its highest level in 70 years , " said a different Pew study from 2009 . "  Owing to defections from the Republican Party , independents are more conservative on several key issues than in the past . " Being called an undecided voter irks "  independent thinker " Holmes , as he already has made his decision . "  In my case , it was already clear who I wanted to vote for , " he said . He cast an early ballot for President Barack Obama . CNN asked independents why they refuse to align with a party and heard from more than 100 people . A variety of themes arose , from not wanting to be labeled to disgust with political rancor to feeling that being independent is the "  spirit of America . " ' I do n't like being labeled ' Omekongo Dibinga of Washington has consistently voted Democrat but explains that he 's always identified himself as an independent . He 's never voted for a Republican because "  I have n't agreed with any of the candidates ' values , but I reserve the right to vote for a Republican if their values match mine , " he said . Growing up in an impoverished neighborhood in Boston where "  violence was a problem , " Dibinga faced stereotypes that he has worked to overcome as a diversity consultant and motivational speaker . "  I do n't like being labeled . I 've been labeled a lot of things in my life , " he said . Jennifer Cummins , a moderate independent , has a similar problem with siding with just one party . "  It 's mostly the label , " she said . "  If you say you 're a Democrat , that must mean you are a left-wing liberal with no personal responsibility . If you say you are a Republican , you must be a right-wing millionaire who does n't care about others . " The Frankfort , Kentucky , voter feels a "  lack of respect " toward independents like her and wishes there was more air time given to independent candidates . "  I think it 's a travesty that the only ` limelight ' that exists is with either Republican or Democratic when there are other options on the ballot with better opinions , much better track records , and a real solution , " she said . Voting for the ` lesser of two evils ' Roger Cantillo , 37 , identified more with the Democratic Party when he was younger , but he started considering himself an independent in 2008 . "  The 2008 presidential race is when I really started getting involved in politics and trying to understand what 's going on in Washington . It 's just unfortunate that there 's a lot of gridlock , and people are playing both sides , " he said . In the last few elections , he voted for Republican George W. Bush , Democrat John Kerry and , most recently , Obama . While Cantillo 's "  progressive values " indicate he leans more to the left , Cantillo said he finds faults with both parties . He will be voting for Obama on Election Day , but he 's not enthusiastic about it . "  I 'm picking the lesser of two evils come this election . " It 's the ` spirit of America ' Raised as a Southern Democrat who switched to voting Republican in 1999 , Mary Helen Yarborough has voted for presidential candidates from both parties equally . She has identified as a "  confused " independent for 10 years , she said . GOP presidential candidates Rick Perry and Newt Gingrich excited the right-leaning independent in the primaries , and she "  flirted " with the idea of voting for Obama back in July . Ultimately , she says , her vote will go to Mitt Romney next week . But the opinionated South Carolinian does n't want to be tied down to a party . "  I do n't want to be controlled , " she said . "  I feel better as an independent . I feel like it 's a more honest position . " Voting independent just feels "  more American , " she said . "  America was born on the theme of independence , and I find that being a committed independent is therefore truer to our national pride . " Betty Faller-Pearson , 66 , voted for Obama in 2008 and Bush in 2004 . She agrees with Yarborough 's line of thinking . "  I do n't vote party lines because I do n't always agree with either party , Democrats or Republicans , " she said . "  I 'm not liberal , I 'm not conservative . I 'm independent and can make my own decisions . " For the Las Vegas resident , being an independent goes back to America 's roots . "  I am an independent voter because I believe in the spirit of America and how and why it was founded , " she said . Raised Republican in Texas and now married to a Democrat from New Jersey , Jim Mitchem 's flavor of independence stems from a similar tree . "  I 've never been one for dogma and do n't feel like any ` side ' could represent my free will well enough to go straight ticket , " he said . The 44-year-old has voted for Ronald Reagan , Bush , Ross Perot  twice  , Al Gore and Obama . He said it 's "  too restricting " to affiliate with one party . "  In the spirit of independence by Americans who broke away from political dogma in the 1700s , I 'm proud to be unaffiliated . " Lost between parties Brian Pigg confesses he feels "  lost " politically . Growing up in the Reagan era , the 44-year-old holds the Republican beliefs of smaller government and fiscal responsibility , he said . As a veteran , he supports having a strong military . But his concerns with the increasing U.S. debt and George W. Bush 's presidency made him reconsider the way he voted , he said . "  Years ago , I began to feel disowned by my party , as this debt did n't start in '08  not that it is n't getting worse  , " he wrote on CNN iReport . The "  rise of the religious right " was the final straw . What 's a man without a party to do ? At first he thought about abstaining from voting . "  I have n't heard a single candidate worth voting for , not in local , state , or federal elections , " he said . "  They all seem to say whatever they think will get them votes without actually being nailed to anything . " The Grandview , Missouri , resident admits he was n't going to vote at all this year until controversy arose around U.S. Senate candidate Todd Akin 's comments on rape . "  Now I 'm going just to vote against him . How sad is that , " he asked . Be ` free thinkers ' But Holmes , the voter who emphasized the difference between independents and undecideds , asserts that voting as "  free thinkers " is the answer . "  Everyone has the ability to think for themselves and question what other people are saying if they do n't think it 's right , " he said . "  Speak up ! "	38 % of Americans identify themselves as independents , according to a 2012 study CNN iReport asked independents why they refuse to align with a party Not wanting to be labeled and disgust with political rancor were popular reasons
PEOPLE.com  -- Accidents happen , but the show must go on . That was Steven Tyler 's outlook after he suffered a painful fall in a hotel bathroom in Paraguay on Tuesday -- an incident he described in detail Thursday on NBC 's "  Today " show . The Aerosmith frontman and "  American Idol " judge , 63 , says he was battling food poisoning and began to feel nauseous in the shower . "  I started to get sick , and I just fell on my face , " he said . "  I just passed out . " His tour manager called the American Embassy and found the best hospital in the area . "  It was like one-stop shopping , " said Tyler . "  They stitched up my eye . They did a little plastic surgery . And they fixed my tooth . All in one fell swoop . " Tyler , who notoriously battled drug and alcohol problems in the past , said he accepted the fact that some people might think he fell off the wagon . But he said this was an accident , not a relapse . "  I get that people think that , " he said . "  It still bothers me a little , but it 's something that I have to have to deal with for the rest of my life . " Tuesday 's show in Paraguay was postponed by a day , but Tyler and the band played Wednesday to a raucous crowd , and the tour will continue . "  Short of having my leg taken off , people are going to expect me to take the stage , " said Tyler . See the full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Steven Tyler described the incident in detail Thursday on NBC 's "  Today " show He says he was battling food poisoning The singer notoriously battled drug and alcohol problems
CNN  -- There 's Rudolph and Frosty , the Grinch and Charlie ... Ralphie , George Bailey , Clark Griswold and Buddy . But do you recall the geekiest holiday specials and movies of all ? For those looking for a change of pace from the traditional holiday fare on TV this season , here are some suggestions for programming that 's traditional in certain households of the , shall we say , nerdier variety . Some of them are regularly seen on cable , others are extremely rare , but all of them are cult classics . "  The Star Wars Holiday Special " This is the granddaddy of them all . Debuting on CBS in November 1978 , and subsequently never aired on television again , it survived thanks to a few early adopters of the VCR and was passed from fan to fan through the years . Some might have thought it was a legend until they laid their eyes on it the first time . The story centers on Chewbacca 's family - whom , you might remember , do n't speak English - as they prepare to celebrate the Kashyyyk holiday of "  Life Day . " Guest stars including Bea Arthur , Art Carney and Harvey Korman  in multiple roles !  show up , as well as the movie 's cast of Mark Hamill , Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher . At one point , Fisher sings the "  lyrics " to the "  Star Wars " theme . There 's also a notorious scene where Diahann Carroll sings to Chewie 's father , Itchy . For all of its campy appeal , there 's also an animated portion which introduces fan favorite Boba Fett , and it 's quite good . At the same time , if you 're not a big fan of "  Star Wars , " chances are you 'll have trouble sitting through the entire two hours , 1970s commercials and all . "  The Nightmare Before Christmas " It 's no secret that stop-motion animation and the holidays naturally seem to go together  witness the most recent episode of NBC 's "  Community "  , and this wo n't be the last one of those on the list . In 1993 , Tim Burton unveiled his creation of "  Halloween Town , " a world of ghouls ruled by Jack Skellington , who accidentally found himself in Christmas Town and immediately had to find out more about it , studying it like a science experiment -- even turning it into an equation . The movie , which originally was n't released under the Walt Disney Pictures banner because of its dark nature , made a respectable $ 50 million at the box office . In the years since , it gained a cult following , and slowly , the Disney theme park and merchandising machine began to embrace it  it takes over the "  Haunted Mansion " every holiday season at Disneyland  . It 's also been re-released in theaters twice in 3-D . "  Claymation Christmas Celebration " CBS executives probably envisioned an entire special devoted to the California Raisins , a big sensation in 1987 . Instead , "  claymation " master Will Vinton gave them a show hosted by , well , two geeky dinosaurs , introducing new takes on classic Christmas carols . Our hosts could n't agree on the meaning of the term "  wassail " throughout the proceedings . The special went on to win an Emmy , and yes , the raisins showed up at the end to sing the Temptations ' version of "  Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer . " But , for my money , the highlight is "  Carol of the Bells , " which would have easily fit in as a "  Looney Tunes " cartoon  the stunning animation on "  Joy to the World " a close second  . If this does n't get you in the holiday spirit , I do n't know what will . "  Batman Returns " Continuing on the Tim Burton theme , we have this sequel from 1992 , which , despite its summer release , actually took place during the holidays . This one will start fights among comic book fans . Most will agree that Michelle Pfeiffer 's Catwoman was just about perfect . But for every supporter of the film , there 's another who thinks that a movie where Batman is essentially playing "  third fiddle " is not a Batman movie at all . Either way , it 's probably the only holiday-themed movie where someone 's nose is bitten off . "  Christmas Comes to PacLand " In the early 1980s , Saturday morning cartoons took notice of the video game craze and did several mostly-forgettable series based on them . The king of them all was "  Pac-Man , " and ABC even went so far as to create this holiday special . As one might imagine , Santa Claus has a little trouble with his sleigh , and crash-lands in Pac-Land . Pac-Man and his family use power pellets to help him continue his Christmas mission , while fending off ghosts led by the evil Mezmaron . But of course .  Check this one out on Cartoon Network 's Boomerang ! -- which , like CNN , is a Time Warner company -- during Christmas weekend  . "  Santa Claus Conquers the Martians " / "  Santa Claus "  1959 For out-and-out cheese , "  Pac-Land " and the "  Star Wars Holiday Special " have nothing on this , what may be the first holiday-themed sci-fi movie . A mainstay in late-night syndication and on cable throughout the holidays for decades , it seems that the children of Mars are in need of a little holiday merriment , so the Martians kidnap Santa , along with some innocent bystander Earth kids . Much goofiness ensues . In recent years , many have preferred seeing this one getting the "  Mystery Science Theater 3000 " treatment -- the cult comedy show riffed on it in the early 1990s . This movie was so popular with fans that some of the original "  MST3K " crew did it again in 2008 , with new riffs on the movie as part of "  Cinematic Titanic . " Then there 's the truly bizarre "  Santa Claus " from Mexico , in which Santa has to fight off one of the devil 's minions  who spends most of the movie prancing about in his red makeup and tights  , while keeping a close watch on all the children of the world , using advanced spying methods , such as a disturbing eye telescope . The poor dubbing adds to the whole affair , and Santa 's laughter comes off as just creepy  not to mention his mechanized reindeer  . It , too , was given the "  Mystery Science Theater " treatment in the show 's fifth season . "  Futurama " All of the holiday episodes -- including this year 's -- have been hugely entertaining , and all of them have featured the robotic Santa Claus , who goes on a rampage every year because of a glitch that caused him to believe almost everyone on earth to be naughty . New additions through the years have included Kwanzaabot and Chanukah Zombie . "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse Christmas Special " When you think of nerds in the 1980s , you probably think of "  Revenge of the Nerds , " Ed Grimley or Pee-wee Herman . Pee-wee 's 1988 Christmas special was truly one of the weirdest ever , even weirder than most episodes of his Saturday morning show . Featuring everyone from Oprah to Charro , from Cher to Grace Jones , and from Frankie to Annette , the plot goes something like this : Pee-wee is generally a jerk to everyone on Christmas and keeps receiving fruit cakes , which he turns into a new wing of the Playhouse . Another one that 's probably only worth seeing if you 're a fan . "  Gremlins " Not the first movie you would think about during the holidays , but it 's been ranked on many "  best holiday movie " lists by film geeks over the years . If you were anywhere in the '80s , you probably know the story of Gizmo , the mogwai who multiplied when exposed to water , and whose offspring became the grotesque gremlins when fed after midnight . They proceed to wreak havoc throughout the town at Christmas time , and the movie is still a lot of fun more than 25 years later . "  The Year Without a Santa Claus " / " 'T was the Night Before Christmas " You ca n't have this list without a little Rankin-Bass , now can you ? the production company was , after all , behind the best-known adaptation of "  The Hobbit , " prior to the upcoming movie , and of course the well-known "  Rudolph " and "  Frosty " specials . 1974 's "  The Year Without a Santa Claus " is a real favorite among the hard-core aficionados of its stop-motion specials . You 've got the Heat Miser , the Snow Miser , plus the two elves , Jingle and Jangle . What 's not to love ? Rankin-Bass was riding high in 1974 , because it also put out the hand-drawn " 'T was the Night " the same year . Here , Father Mouse 's geeky son , Albert , learns the true meaning of Christmas after writing Santa to tell him he did n't exist . Ouch . "  A Wish for Wings that Work " Now here 's a real obscurity . Based on Berkeley Breathed 's "  Outland " comic strip , nerdy penguin Opus only has one wish for Christmas  see the title  . "  Peanuts , " "  Garfield " and other comic strip series had made beloved TV specials , but "  Outland " was certainly the first one to come to mind for a new one . It probably did n't hurt that it was from Steven Spielberg 's Amblin Entertainment . It had excellent animation and surprise voices supplied by Robin Williams and Dustin Hoffman .  Again , it probably did n't hurt to have the Spielberg connection . "  He-Man and She-Ra : A Christmas Special " The last one on this list is far from the least . Here , earth children teach the denizens of Eternia and Etheria all about their holiday of Christmas . Most amazingly , these little moppets even melt the evil Skeletor 's heart . It 's also notable for the appearance of some "  Transformers " - esque characters who seem shoehorned in . The ending , however , is worth the price of admission , when the kids tell their parents all about where they 've been . Whether you prefer to spend the season with Jack Skellington , Pac-Man or Pee-wee Herman , there 's probably something in this list for you . Happy holidays !	Nerdy holiday favorites star Pac-Man , Pee-wee and Chewbacca Rankin-Bass , known for its holiday specials , also adapted "  The Hobbit " Even a grumpy villain like Skeletor can enjoy the spirit of Christmas
Washington  CNN  -- Changing the Constitution 's guarantee of U.S. citizenship for anyone born in the United States is "  worth considering " if it helps reduce illegal immigration , the Republican leader in the House of Representatives said Sunday . "  It 's a serious problem that affects our country , and in certain parts of our country clearly our schools , our hospitals are being overrun by illegal immigrants . A lot of them came here just so their children could become U.S. citizens . They should do it the legal way , " House Minority Leader John Boehner told NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " The Ohio congressman , who could become speaker of the House if Republicans win back control of the chamber in November , is the latest GOP leader to float the idea of changing the 14th Amendment . Several leading GOP senators , including Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and 2008 presidential nominee John McCain , have said they would support holding hearings into the matter as part of the heated debate over immigration . The Reconstruction-era amendment guarantees equal protection of law and defines who is a U.S. citizen . Critics of illegal immigration have long accused migrants -- particularly those coming from Mexico or Latin American countries -- of giving birth to children in the United States in hopes that their babies ' citizenship will keep them in the country . The amendment has been cited as the foundation of U.S. civil rights law in cases ranging from Brown v. Board of Education to last week 's decision that struck down a ban on same-sex marriage in California . Changing it would require a two-thirds vote of both houses of Congress and the approval of three-quarters of state legislatures . Boehner said Sunday he 's "  not the expert on this issue , " but "  I think it 's worth considering . " "  There is a problem , " he told NBC . "  To provide an incentive for illegal immigrants to come here so that their children can be U.S. citizens does , in fact , draw more people to our country . "	Boehner says current law draws illegal immigrants Several GOP senators support hearings Reconstruction-era amendment underpins civil rights law Changing the Constitution is n't an easy task
America 's first permanent English settlement , a military club for African-American officers , an unused airline terminal and Houston 's Astrodome have all been labeled "  endangered " by the National Trust for Historic Preservation . The trust 's 26th annual list of America 's 11 most endangered historic places spotlights significant architectural , cultural and other structures and places at risk of destruction by human or natural forces . "  The listing on the '11 most endangered list ' has a tremendous effect in mobilizing constituencies to find a productive way " to save these places and "  usher them into their next chapter , " said Stephanie Meeks , president and CEO of the nonprofit National Trust for Historic Preservation . Over the last 25 years , "  we 've had a 97 % success rate " of saving places on the list , Meeks said . Local coalitions "  get a big boost and additional support emerges from the shadows when people learn for the first time that a resource is threatened . " Airports where architecture soars A black officers ' club in Arizona , the spiritual center of African-American life in Maine and a general store/residence for Chinese-American laborers in California also made the list this year , a result of the trust 's outreach to minority communities "  to represent diverse facets of American history , " she said . Anyone can nominate a place for inclusion on the list , she said . Trust employees decide the final list , looking at the national significance of the structure or place , the urgency of the threat facing the place  whether by people or nature  and the possibility of a successful resolution . The existence of a coalition with a plan to save the place also helps . View the photo gallery above to see the full list of 11 endangered places . 8 amazing outdoor music venues	A military club for African-American officers is in danger of demolition , the trust says The river abutting the first permanent English settlement in America is in jeopardy The structures of a significant Alaska salmon canning factory need to be stabilized
CNN  -- As airlines prepare for possible in-flight cell phone calls under a Federal Communications Commission proposal , travelers were immediately loud and vocal Friday on whether the plan is a good or bad idea . Even the FCC chairman was of a divided mind on the proposal , saying he personally opposed it , but that technology does n't support a ban . At the same time , commercial air carriers remained largely noncommittal on whether they would even allow cell phone calls , an option that would be granted to airlines under the proposed rule change . Airlines would have to equip planes with a special antenna to allow the mid-flight phoning . Among the traveling public , critics say the change would open a Pandora 's chatterbox , but supporters say the change would be as liberating as freedom of expression itself . "  Bad idea ! Can u imagine being on a plane of 100 + people & everyone on their phone !! Maybe allow texting but not phone calls !!!! " Joyce Goldman Newman wrote on CNN 's Facebook page . She found many people in agreement . "  Allow text and browsing , with talking only allowed during an emergency ! " Judy McIntosh Arizpe also said on the social media page . "  Pilots could have a secret button to push allowing calls in that event . " One opponent , Beth Coomer of Healy , Alaska , said she was ready to take a train , instead . "  So first they want to add more seats to economy and now allow talking on cell phones ... great , " Coomer wrote . "  How affordable is taking a train ? Even if the train is slightly more expensive and takes longer , it may be worth it . ... " But another opponent said cell phone use on public trains is already bad enough . "  It 's bad enough listening to people on Metro-North trains fighting over stupidity on a cell phone , " said Edward Markle Jr. "  If the general public practiced better cell phone etiquette maybe , but the human condition prevents those . " But supporter Jim Baker was more realistic . "  We already have screaming children ... . it ca n't get worse than that . The most obnoxious sound in the universe , " Baker wrote . "  Cell phones are a drop in the bucket . Quit whining . " Another supporter offered a practical remedy for critics . "  Psssstt ... ever hear of ear plugs , they work really well , " David Brent wrote on the comments section underneath a CNN.com article about the proposed change . Alhaji Koroma of Sierra Leone liked a side benefit of having cellular service . "  Text message is OK for me , " Koroma wrote on CNN 's Facebook page . Supporters cited how other countries already allow cell phone calls on planes . In fact , a Federal Aviation Administration found that in 11 other countries , "  civil aviation authorities reported no confirmed occurrences of cell phones affecting flight safety on aircraft with on-board cellular telephone base stations , " the FAA 's 2012 study said . Speaking out against cell service on planes Proponents of the FCC proposal cited how they would like access to cellular service in case of emergencies -- such as when the passengers aboard the hijacked planes in the September 11 , 2001 , attacks used their cell phones to call family . " ` Bout time because my girlfriend was always worried when I was flying to go to work and she stayed worried until I got back home , " wrote Will Davis of Lexington , Kentucky . "  This is great especially when something bad happen  s  while in air . " Nicholas Tanner , a waiter who lives in Arlington , Texas , thought the proposal was "  a great idea . " "  Sometimes people do have important phone calls to make . For everyone that do n't want to listen to the phone calls of others , you can watch a movie , listen to music , or simply buy ear plugs , " Tanner wrote . FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said that advances in technology "  likely no longer warrant -- on a technological basis -- the prohibition of in-flight phone use with the appropriate on-board equipment . " "  We understand that many passengers would prefer that voice calls not be made on airplanes . I feel that way myself , " the chairman said in a statement Friday . "  Ultimately , if the FCC adopts the proposal in the coming months , it will be airlines ' decisions , in consultation with their customers , as to whether to permit voice calls while airborne . The European Union has had a similar policy since 2008 . That experience has demonstrated that it is possible to adjust the on-board communications equipment not to handle voice traffic , thus effectively shutting down any calls . " 20 most annoying things people do on planes Several airlines said they were still considering their options under the FCC 's proposal , which would cell phone call , texting and other mobile services while flying above 10,000 feet -- but not during takeoff and landing . "  Our customers have expressed concern about how the use of cellphones in-flight will impact their experience onboard . When the FCC makes a proposal available , we will study it along with feedback from customers and crews , " United Airlines spokesman Rahsaan Johnson said . Matt Miller , spokesman for American Airlines , said the carrier is "  going to wait to review the FCC 's full recommendation . " Delta was maintaining its ongoing position of not allowing phone calls during flights , which is based on customers ' "  overwhelming " feedback , a spokesman said Friday . The current proposal will be discussed at the FCC 's December 12 meeting and could then be opened for public comments . The commission would have to vote on a final rule before it could take effect . If the FCC gives final approval , individual airlines could choose whether to provide mobile service to passengers . In-flight phone calls will cost you	FCC chairman does n't like calls on planes , but technology does n't support ban Critics storm social media , saying in-flight cell phone calls a bad idea But supporters would like to text message and say phone calls would be helpful Meanwhile , airlines largely say they 're still studying the proposal
The killing of a 32-year-old man on the streets of St. Louis with a hammer was savage , random and senseless -- but it was not , that city 's mayor said , related to what 's been happening in nearby Ferguson , Missouri . The St. Louis metropolitan area remains on edge , a week after a grand jury decided not to indict then-Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of unarmed teen Michael Brown . That decision spurred emotional protests that sometimes devolved into looting and violence , unrest that carried racial overtones given that Wilson is white and Brown was African-American . But any claim that 32-year-old Zemir Begic 's brutal killing had anything to do with this Ferguson uproar "  is absolutely unfounded , " St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay said Monday on Facebook . "  There is no evidence that this was a crime occasioned by the race or ethnicity of the victim , " Slay wrote in reference to Begic , who was white . The mayor made these comments after meeting with the family of Begic , who was beaten to death a hammer around 1:15 a.m. Sunday on a St. Louis street . "  I told them that our city mourned with them , " Slay said . " ... An innocent life was savagely taken . " According to a probable cause statement , Begic , his fianc  e and two others heard yelling and then someone jumped on the back of his car . The 32-year-old got out , at which point a teenager -- identified by prosecutors as Robert Mitchell -- taunted Begic and "  challenged him to a fight . " Then , "  all four men began assaulting  Begic  , and at least one of them struck  him  with a hammer , " the probable cause statement added , noting the attackers continued to beat Begic after he fell to the ground . He was unconscious by the time officers arrived , and pronounced dead after being taken to an area hospital . As to his attackers , police said that , "  after the assault , the juveniles fled the scene on foot . " Two of them -- juveniles age 15 and 16 -- were arrested later Sunday . A third teen was in custody by Monday , at which point authorities said they were still looking for a fourth suspect . Speaking about the attackers , Mayor Slay wrote on Facebook that "  we do not know their past . " "  Their futures , though , will be as grim as the judicial system can make it , " he added . Police will review patrol patterns in the Bevo area , where the attack occurred . Yet Slay scuttled any suggestion that they were somehow to blame . "  It is not the police department 's fault that no family members had any idea that their young people were on the streets that late , " Slay said . "  Nor is it the police department 's responsibility to educate or even to engage these young people . "  That responsibility , a community responsibility , is all of ours . "	A 32-year-old man died after being assaulted Sunday by a group , at least 1 with a hammer Three juveniles have been arrested ; police are still looking for a fourth suspect St. Louis mayor : "  No evidence " that victim 's race or ethnicity was related to attack Francis Slay : It is n't the fault of police that suspects ' kin did n't know they were out so late
CNN  -- Bad weather is keeping Britain 's Prince Harry and a team of UK veterans stranded in South Africa , their take-off point to Antarctica where they will race U.S. and Commonwealth teams on a trek to the South Pole . Swedish actor and "  True Blood " star Alexander Skarsgard is an honorary member of the U.S. team , while Dominic West , perhaps best known for his role as McNulty in "  The Wire , " joins veterans wounded in combat from the Commonwealth nations of Canada and Australia . The seven-person teams also include a guide and mentor . They are trekking more than 200 miles  322 kilometers  across Antarctica , in temperatures as low as -35 degrees Celsius  -31 Fahrenheit  , to raise money for the charity Walking With The Wounded . The three teams left London for Cape Town on Sunday , and had been due to fly to Antarctica 's Novolazarevskaya  Novo  Station on Tuesday , but a polar storm has kept them grounded . "  At the moment , they 're just waiting , " a Walking With The Wounded spokesperson told CNN . "  They 're managing to do a bit of training , hiking up Table Mountain and around Cape Town . " The spokesperson said their actual departure date would not be confirmed until the weather had cleared . Once the teams arrive at Novo Station , they 'll have three days of acclimatization before setting off on the trek , which is expected to take about 16 days . The teams will be pulling pulks -- or snow sleds -- containing all their food and equipment , which will weigh about 70 kilograms  154 pounds  at the start of the trip , Hunter-Dunn said . Harry is a patron of Walking With The Wounded , a cause close to the prince 's heart . "  They 're going to achieve something quite remarkable and in doing so will prove to everybody else that even when you 've lost a leg , you 've lost an arm or whatever the illness may be , that you can achieve pretty much anything if you put your mind to it , " he said at the official departure in London last week . Despite his royal upbringing , it 's the prince 's role as a solider that has already won him praise from his fellow teammates and rivals . "  He 's laid back , we 're not scared to have him around , he 's just another soldier along with the rest of us , " says Sgt. Margaux Mange , from the U.S. team . An army helicopter pilot who has served multiple tours in Afghanistan , Harry has had plenty of training for the big race . Back in 2011 , he spent time training for a Walking With The Wounded expedition to the North Pole , which saw him diving into the freezing waters of the Arctic . But he had to withdraw from that expedition early to attend the wedding of his brother . More recently , Harry traveled to Iceland for training and even spent 24 hours in an industrial freezer in preparation . But will it be enough ? The winning team is expected to cross the finish line in time to have Christmas back home .	Three seven-member teams are racing to the South Pole to raise money for wounded veterans Prince Harry is the patron of the British team competing in the Walking With The Wounded race "  True Blood " actor Alexander Skarsgard and Dominic West of "  The Wire " are also taking part A polar storm at Novo Base is keeping the teams stranded in Cape Town , South Africa
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Four people found dead in a southeastern Afghan compound appear to be victims of an honor killing , a senior U.S. military official said on Friday . The bodies were discovered during an operation by Afghan and NATO-led forces in Paktia province , a volatile region along the border of Pakistan . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said the bodies of two men and two women were found , with the women bound and gagged , and the U.S. official said the people were shot "  execution-style . " An honor killing is a murder carried out by a family or community member against someone thought to have brought dishonor onto them . The U.S. official said it is n't clear whether the dishonor in this case stemmed from accusations of acts such as adultery or even cooperating with NATO forces . "  It has the earmarks of a traditional honor killing , " said the official , who added the Taliban could be responsible . Afghan and NATO officials are investigating the incident , which occurred in the village of Khatabeh in the province 's Gardez district . The operation unfolded when Afghan and international forces went to the compound , which was thought to be a site of militant activity . A firefight ensued and several insurgents died , several people left the compound , and eight others were detained . Paktia is the same province where a military base was the target of an assault that wounded five U.S. soldiers on Thursday , authorities said . Both the U.S. official and a Paktia province spokesman confirmed that a suicide attacker , apparently wearing police garb , carried out the action . The U.S. official said it may never be fully determined if the uniform was stolen or the bomber was a turncoat . On December 30 , a suicide attack on a U.S. base in Afghanistan killed seven CIA officers and a Jordanian army captain . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack , also on a base in eastern Afghanistan . Meanwhile , more than 20 "  enemy militants " were killed Friday by Afghan and international forces in the country 's western region , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . The deaths occurred during an operation in Farah province targeting a Taliban commander thought to be responsible for planning suicide attacks , the military said . When a militant threw a grenade at troops approaching a building , the forces called for his surrender , it said . The troops tried to enter the building when the militant detonated a suicide vest . After that blast , a large number of armed militants tried to confront troops , who killed the insurgents , the military said . One alleged militant was injured and five were detained , it said . Troops found weaponry , such as grenades , firearms and handheld radios . Farah borders Helmand province , where international and Afghan troops are gearing up for a major assault on the Taliban . CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Bodies found in compound in southeast Afghanistan NATO : Two women and two men were shot "  execution-style " Bodies found hidden in a room after gunbattle Eight men held for questioning ; authorities investigating
CNN  -- A malware attack hit Yahoo 's advertising server over the last few days , affecting thousands of users in various countries , an Internet security company said . In a blog post , Fox-IT said Yahoo 's servers were releasing an "  exploit kit " that exploited vulnerabilities in Java and installed malware . "  Clients visiting yahoo.com received advertisements served by ads.yahoo.com , " the Internet security company said . "  Some of the advertisements are malicious . " Fox-IT , which is based in the Netherlands , focuses on cyber defense . It estimates that tens of thousands of users were affected per hour . "  Given a typical infection rate of 9 % , this would result in around 27,000 infections every hour , " the company said . "  Based on the same sample , the countries most affected by the exploit kit are Romania , Great Britain and France . At this time it 's unclear why those countries are most affected , it is likely due to the configuration of the malicious advertisements on Yahoo . " If a computer infected with malware is connected to a network , attackers can often access other connected systems and servers . Yahoo said it is aware of the attack and is monitoring and blocking such advertisements . "  At Yahoo , we take the safety and privacy of our users seriously , " it said in a prepared statement Monday . "  From December 31 to January 3 on our European sites , we served some advertisements that did not meet our editorial guidelines -- specifically , they spread malware . On January 3 , we removed these advertisements from our European sites . " The attacks did not affect North America , Latin America and the Asia Pacific region , Yahoo said . "  Additionally , users using Macs and mobile devices were not affected , " it added . Fox-IT said it is unclear who 's behind the attack , but it appears to be "  financially motivated . " It did not provide details . Top tech fails of 2013	NEW : Ads began to appear on December 31 and were removed Friday , Yahoo says Yahoo 's servers released a kit that exploited Java and installed malware An IT security firm estimates tens of thousands of users were affected per hour
In business , if one of our companies is failing , we take steps to identify and solve the problem . What we do n't do is continue failing strategies that cost huge sums of money and make the problem worse . It 's this kind of logic that underpins a new report published Tuesday by the Global Commission on Drug Policy , one that aims to take the debate on drug regulation to the next level . I 'm a member of the commission , and I am pleased to note that since our initial report in 2011 , international leaders and heads of state have increasingly echoed our calls for a major shift in global drug policy . Colorado and Washington took the discussion from theory to reality in 2012 by becoming the first political jurisdictions in the world to approve the legal regulation of the production , distribution and sale of marijuana . Uruguay took it a step further last December by becoming the first country in the world to do so . This latest report , "  Taking Control : Pathways to Drug Policies that Work , " reflects a new evolution in our thinking . We not only reiterate the case for decriminalization , alternatives to incarceration , and greater emphasis on public health approaches , but we now also call for permitting the legal regulation of psychoactive substances . The reality is that the most effective way to advance the goals of public health and safety is to get drugs under control through responsible legal regulation . Much can be learned from the successes and failures in regulating alcohol , tobacco , pharmaceutical drugs and other products and activities that pose health risks to individuals and societies . And drug regulation is not as radical as some might think . In fact , it does n't even require a fundamental reconsideration of established policy principles . There is a wide spectrum of policy options to control various types of drugs . At one end of this spectrum are illegal , criminally controlled markets subject to a full-scale war on drugs . At the other end are legal , unfettered free markets controlled by commercial enterprises . Both of these options are characterized by an absence of regulation , with governments essentially forfeiting control of the drug trade . What 's needed are appropriately regulated legal drug markets . True , the importance to public health of legally regulating drugs comes not because they are safe , but precisely because they can be dangerous and pose serious risks . Yet however dangerous a particular drug may be on its own , its risks increase dramatically when it is produced , sold and consumed in an unregulated criminal environment . Putting accountable governments and regulatory bodies in control of this market can significantly reduce these risks . When thinking about how to best reduce the harms of drugs , alcohol prohibition in United States is a lesson in unintended , disastrous consequences , as I wrote in 2012 on CNN on the anniversary of the end of alcohol prohibition , that policy prompted an increase in consumption of hard liquor , organized crime taking over legal production and distribution , and widespread anger with the federal government . Since the war on drugs began in 1971 , over $ 1 trillion has been wasted and the United States has the highest prison population in the world . Some of these prisoners , from Ironwood State Prison , shared the stage with me in May during California 's first TEDX talk at a prison : while it was encouraging to see their anti-recidivism efforts and preparation for productive lives after prison , we should not be overcrowding prisons in the first place with people who need treatment and people who are nonviolent offenders . Under prohibition , no product controls exist . Illegal drug markets are driven by economic processes that encourage the production and supply of more potent -- and therefore more profitable -- drug preparations . Effective regulation could help gradually reverse this dynamic . In the United States and around the world , ending drug prohibition is being openly discussed . Elected officials , businessmen , physicians , educators , civil society and religious leaders are breaking the taboo and engaging in debate about common sense alternatives including reducing the harm done by existing drug policies . Law enforcement officials such as San Francisco District Attorney George Gascon support the upcoming Safe Neighborhood and Schools Act , which Californians will vote on this November . If a majority says "  yes on 47 , " nonviolent drug crimes will be treated as a misdemeanor , reducing prison overcrowding , focusing law enforcement to go after violent criminals , and freeing up $ 1 billion over the next five years from prisons to education and health care . Imagine the possibilities when drugs are treated like a health issue , not a criminal issue . The one thing we can not afford to do is to go on pretending the war on drugs is working . California has a chance to reverse the harm done to its communities and its fiscal health by failed drug policies . More voters deserve opportunities to support alternative approaches to public safety , health and education that go hand in hand with the responsible regulation of legalized drugs . If drug policy , which costs $ 100 billion annually , were my business , I would call it a failure and shut it down before it ruins more lives . It 's time to apply that sort of thinking to our failed drug policies . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	New report by Global Commission on Drug Policy calls for drug policy rethink Group calls for permitting the "  legal regulation of psychoactive substances " What 's needed are appropriately regulated legal drug markets , says Richard Branson U.S. example of prohibition shows why current drug policies wo n't work
CNN  -- At least 23 people died Saturday when a protest rally turned violent outside Madagascar 's Presidential Palace , a fire official at the main hospital said . People duck to avoid gunfire Saturday in Antananarivo , the capital of Madagascar . The official said 83 people were injured during the demonstration in the capital city of Antananarivo , according to journalist Dregoire Pourtier , who passed the information to CNN . The International Committee of the Red Cross helped at least 18 injured people , press officer Mbola Ramamanana said . Brittany Martin , an American who is a Harvard Fellow and lives near the palace , said she could hear the crowd cheering amid intermittent gunshots and noises that may have been tear gas canisters . iReport.com : Are you there ? "  From the window I can see military cars and ambulances driving by , " Martin said . "  Nothing is up in smoke . We know there have been people killed from French and Malagasy news reports . "  We can see the back of the president 's palace . This morning was totally peaceful . We knew that Andry -LSB- Rajoelina -RSB- was unveiling his new government at the May 13th Plaza , which was peaceful , " she said , citing a friend who was there . Madagascar 's government is in flux . President Marc Ravalomanana fired Rajoelina as mayor of Antananarivo and put someone else in the job , but Rajoelina is still technically mayor and claims to head a transitional national government . Martin said she heard gunshots starting about 2 p.m. , after the protesters marched from the plaza to the palace . She said it was unclear where the shots were coming from . Some media reports blamed foreign mercenaries for the shootings ; others said army guards were responsible or that the army was firing at the mercenaries to protect the crowd . Violence in Madagascar began January 26 , when protesters stormed state-run television and radio stations in Antananarivo . Hours earlier , the government had shut down a radio station owned by Rajoelina and , weeks before , had similarly shut down Rajoelina 's television station after it aired an interview with ex-President Didier Ratsiraka . Ravalomanana took power in 2001 after ousting Ratsiraka in a tense , hotly contested election . Ratsiraka fled to France afterward . Loyalists blame Ratsiraka 's family members for inciting the recent trouble . There is also anger in Madagascar -- where the World Bank says the average person earns about $ 320 a year -- over reports that Ravalomanana recently bought a $ 60 million airplane . Last Saturday , Rajoelina took to the streets , declaring himself the nation 's leader after a week of violence and looting that killed at least 80 people and wounded more than 300 . Rajoelina urged supporters to demand the resignation of Ravalomanana and said he planned to take charge until a transition government can be established in the island nation off Africa 's southeastern coast . Map " "  What we 've been pushing for is dialogue the whole time , " said Rodney Ford , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy . He said he received reports that palace guards used tear gas and shot into the air to try to disperse the crowd . "  I do n't think anyone wanted violence . " According to the U.S. State Department , Madagascar has about 20 million people with ethnic origins in Africa and Asia . It was administered by the British Empire during much of the 19th century until it came under the control of France , from which it gained independence in 1960 .	Gunfire heard near presidential palace , site of anti-government rally President and fired mayor of capital city are locked in a power struggle Rally started peacefully , American in capital says
Washington  CNN  -- Two influential U.S. senators introduced a resolution Tuesday expressing support for limited American involvement in the NATO-led military campaign in Libya -- part of an effort to counter rising pressure in the House of Representatives to withdraw backing for the mission . Meanwhile , House Speaker John Boehner proposed two resolutions on the Libya mission that could come up for votes on Thursday . One would be the same as the Senate resolution introduced Tuesday , and the other would limit U.S. involvement in the mission to a noncombat role while allowing many of the same functions being performed now by U.S. forces to continue . The House proposal seeking a noncombat role reflects frustration in Congress over what Boehner and others call President Barack Obama 's failure to get necessary congressional authorization under the War Powers Resolution for engaging U.S. forces in the Libya military campaign . "  If the Commander-in-Chief believes that intervention in Libya is important for our national security , he has a responsibility to make a case for it -- clearly and publicly -- and seek authorization , " Boehner said in a statement announcing the two proposed House resolutions . "  In the three months since military action in Libya began , none of this has occurred . The American people deserve to have their voice heard in this debate , and Congress has a responsibility to hold the White House accountable . " The Senate resolution , introduced by Massachusetts Democrat John Kerry and Arizona Republican John McCain , authorizes the commitment of U.S. forces for one year while stressing the lack of support for any use of American ground troops . "  I believe the president did the right thing by intervening to stop a looming humanitarian disaster , " McCain said . "  I believe we will find a strong , bipartisan majority that is in favor of authorizing our current military operations in Libya and seeing this mission through to success . " Kerry added , "  By supporting this resolution , we tell Arabs young and old that the United States is willing to make tough decisions and spend our tax dollars to help ensure your freedom . " The allied military effort , which already has formal U.N. support , was launched to protect Libyan civilians from violence stemming from a crackdown launched by the North African country 's longtime ruler , Moammar Gadhafi . Western leaders have made clear , however , that they believe the mission can not be successfully completed without Gadhafi 's ouster . The Obama administration has already promised not to use U.S. ground troops , but bipartisan congressional opposition to the military campaign has been mounting . An unusual coalition has formed between traditionally anti-war Democrats and conservative Republicans worried about the cost of the conflict and skeptical of its national security importance . One of the House resolutions under consideration will be the same as the McCain-Kerry proposal that supports the current limited U.S. role in the mission , Boehner , R-Ohio , said in a statement . A House GOP leadership source said the measure is expected to be defeated . The second House resolution would remove U.S. forces from hostilities in Libya , except for those engaged in nonhostile actions including search and rescue ; aerial refueling ; operational planning ; intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance ; and noncombat missions . While the resolution would be nonbinding , its approval by the House would signal strong opposition to Obama 's decision to commit U.S. forces without seeking authorization from Congress . A House leadership aide said the second resolution is aimed at U.S. military drones and any other combat role by U.S. forces in Libya , and is likely to pass in the Republican-controlled chamber . House Republicans will meet Wednesday to further discuss the issue , and GOP leaders were not ruling out possible changes or additions to the resolutions . Critics contend the 1973 War Powers Resolution gives the president 60 days to get congressional approval for sending U.S. forces to war , followed by a 30-day extension to end hostilities . The combined 90-day period ended Sunday . Support for the war has also been shaken by evidence presented by Gadhafi 's government of several noncombatant deaths caused by recent NATO airstrikes . NATO officials admitted over the weekend that aircraft from countries in the alliance had mistakenly struck vehicles aligned with the Libyan opposition . The White House argues the president did n't need congressional authorization because U.S. forces are playing only a supporting role in Libya and have n't engaged in what the law defines as hostilities . Obama , however , personally overruled contrary legal opinions put forward by both the Pentagon and the Justice Department 's Office of Legal Counsel , according to a Saturday report in The New York Times . In the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , and Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , have resisted holding a vote on the war because of divisions within their respective caucuses . Reid said Tuesday that there is bipartisan support for the McCain-Kerry resolution in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , but that he was still in discussion with the two sponsors on when to bring the measure from the panel to the Senate floor . He indicated it could be brought to the floor as early as this week . McConnell , meanwhile , told reporters that "  we all anticipate that there will be some kind of Libya debate in the Senate in the near future . " McCain has expressed anger that the White House did n't push for an earlier congressional vote on the war . The senator , who ran against Obama in 2008 , contends a resolution of support would have passed easily when NATO first intervened . "  The administration 's disregard for the elected representatives of the American people on this matter has been troubling and counterproductive , " McCain said Tuesday . "  The unfortunate result of this failure of leadership is plain to see in the full-scale revolt ... that is occurring in the House of Representatives . " The House is also planning to take up the 2012 defense spending bill later this week , and liberal Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , intends to propose an amendment cutting off funding for the mission . However , that amendment is likely to only come up next month after the House returns from its Fourth of July recess . To prevent a similar resolution from Kucinich from passing earlier , Boehner pushed through a resolution giving the president two weeks to send Congress information justifying the U.S. strategy in Libya . Obama responded with a 32-page report arguing in part that he has not violated the War Powers Resolution . Even if the Republican-controlled House passes measures intended to limit funding for the Libya mission , it is unlikely the Senate would do the same . "  The president 's done a lousy job of communicating and managing our involvement in Libya , but I will be no part of an effort to defund Libya or to try to cut off our efforts to bring Gadhafi down , " conservative Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday . Obama "  needs to step up his game with Libya , but Congress should sort of shut up and not empower Gadhafi , " Graham argued . In March , the Senate unanimously passed a nonbinding resolution supporting the no-fly zone over Libya . Some Republicans , however , have now expressed opposition to that effort , citing growing concerns about its cost . In its report on the mission , the administration said the cost of military and humanitarian operations through June 3 was about $ 800 million . It estimated the total cost through September 30 would be $ 1.1 billion . Questions about the war 's financial and other costs have also been raised in the United Kingdom , which has played a leading role in the NATO effort . British Prime Minister David Cameron insists that Britain 's military involvement in the North African country can continue "  as long as we need . " CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Dan Lothian , Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : The House may consider a resolution limiting U.S. role to noncombat activities Sens. Kerry and McCain introduce a resolution offering support for the Libya mission Critics say the White House has n't complied with the War Powers Resolution Pressure is mounting in the House to cut U.S. support for the NATO-led mission
